True tolerance tolerates more than just a narrow version of itself.
True Toon Visit the official True toons site for more.
Some true toucans including toucanets and aracaris are known to occupy the secondary vegetation.
True trace is when all the oil and all the lye have reacted together and there is no separation.
True tragedy is said to be the catastrophic conclusion to good intentions.
True transcendentalists have no interest in mundane material life.
True transformation is, after all, a pathless path.
True trees are rare, and shrubs are common.
True twins result from simultaneous fertilization of one ovum by two sperm.
True Types are unacceptable because of their tendency to close up and reduce legibility.
True uncertainty is incapable of quantification and insurability.
True understanding becomes difficult.
True understanding comes from practice of the solo form.
True understanding involves identification with humanity.
True understanding involves much more of an explanation than just a name.
True understanding is actual practice itself.
True understanding is to embody the truth in one's being.
True Understanding is Transcendence.
True understanding is transformation.
True understanding occurs when students construct their own meaning from what they read and hear.
True understanding requires an appreciation of a wide variety of methods and systems.
True understanding requires personal effort and time.
True understanding shifts the entire relationship.
True understanding starts with comparison.
True unification is true love unification.
True unity begins with truth.
True unity depend on both love and truth.
True unity is a distinguishing trait of the New Testament church.
True Unity is a wonderful book with an extreme volume of information.
True unity is based on the truth.
True unity is based on truth.
True unity transcends differences.
True usefulness is the great bugaboo of such high-tech schemes and outstanding ideas.
True user shells Many servers hardwire the user interface into the server.
True validation has investigative, therapeutic, and evidentiary value.
True value can never go out of style.
True value refers to long-run economic value as opposed to accounting or market value.
True value requires choosing to accept and identify with someone from among other possibilities.
True values can be any non-zero number, the word TRUE, the text 'true' and 'yes'.
True values remain the same, because the nature and destiny of man remain the same.
All true vamps have their own time line in their awakening and the development of any abilities.
True Variables can change variable types.
True veal is usually plentiful in the spring and late winter.
True vegetarians eat adequate protein via tofu, nuts, beans, peanut butter and other plant foods.
True vermilion is quite beautiful but expensive and has questionable permanence.
True vertigo is a sensation that the patient is spinning or the world is whirling by.
True vertigo is most often due to an inner ear disorder.
True video is very similar to audio files with some of the same problems.
True violets are deep-rooting outdoor plants that thrive in partial shade to full sun.
True vipers eat small animals, including lizards, mice, insects, voles and birds.
True virtue entails finding a mean or balance between the intellectual and moral aspects of virtue.
True virtue is motivated by values that are outside the child.
True virtue is the expression of the disposition of created being.
True virtue is the property of the aristocratic few whose power and well being are the goal.
True virtue occurs when actions flow forth naturally and without conscious effort or thought.
True virtue requires action beyond enlightened self-interest.
True vision is a lot more than goal-setting or becoming more resourceful and innovative.
True vision is granted only to the few.
True vision is then impossible.
True visionaries are healthy and balanced.
True visionaries are special - and so is their powdered blender drink.
True vocation joins self and service.
True volunteers are passionate.
True vomit is semi-digested food.
True warriors bow deeply, sadly, and humbly.
True wealth comes from Spiritual growth.
True wealth is a state of mind.
True wealth is community stability.
True wealth is created within the community.
True wealth is found in physical wealth.
True wealth is made every day by men getting up out of bed and going to work.
True wealth looks different for different people.
True Web is unstable, for one thing.
True weightlessness occurs when there is an absence of gravitational force on an object.
True wellness addresses the body, mind and spirit.
True wellness is created by establishing a state of balance and harmony within.
True wellness starts with an optimally functioning nervous system.
True whitening is hard to come by.
True wholeness comes from filling our holes from the inside out.
True wholeness have a spiritual dimension.
True wicker is solid material and woven onto or into the framework.
True wind is the wind that is blowing naturally.
True windsocks are important indicators of wind direction used at airports and marinas.
True wine is made by fermenting grapes, and perhaps other fruit.
True winners generate innovation as well.
True winners show their strength regardless of the circumstances.
True wisdom come from above.
True wisdom comes with happy resolve .
True wisdom is a qualitative value built on a quantitative foundation.
True wisdom is attached to the substance, False wisdom to the shadow.
True wisdom is balanced by gentleness and control.
True wisdom is fondness of truth, without guile or dissimulation.
True wisdom is from above.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly.
True wisdom is natural and supernatural.
True wisdom is the clarity of equality.
True wisdom is the father of mercy and understanding.
True wisdom is to be found here.
True wisdom is without discrimination and is always at one with the environment.
True wisdom leads to a deeper engagement with the world.
True wisdom lies in gathering the precious things out of each day as it goes by.
True wisdom seems foolish.
All true wisdom is found on t-shirts and bumper stickers.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts and bumper stickers.
All true wisdom is found on t-shirts.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
True Women are at particular risk for osteoporosis.
True words are as silver, pure, sintered, seven times refined.
True words are enduring spirits.
True words become true deeds.
True words seem paradoxical.
True work comes with time and perseverance.
True Work is the necessity of poor humanity's earthly condition.
True worship begins with who is being worshipped.
True worship can lead to controversy.
True worship can never be a rehearsal of someone else's experience or tradition.
True worship comes from people who are deeply emotional and who love deep and sound doctrine.
True worship demands new birth.
True worship goes beyond the four walls of the sanctuary.
True worship has no room for a spectating heart.
True worship humbles the heart.
True worship is a force for living.
True worship is a way of life.
True worship is always a sacrifice and no one sacrifices without a reason.
True worship is Bible-based.
True worship is characterized by both awe and intimacy.
True worship is emotional, stirring and motivating, and based upon the truth.
True worship is in spirit and truth.
True worship is intelligent.
True worship is intended to produce obedience.
True worship is more than setting aside a few minutes each day to read the Bible and pray.
True worship is one of the central ingredients of a healthy mind.
True worship is orderly.
True worship is spiritual.
True worship is the key.
True worship is with the mind.
True worship produces true service, and every other activity is likewise derived from it.
True worship provides nourishment for the mind, body and soul.
True worship reveals our dogmas in simplicity.
True worship starts in the heart.
True worshippers have a pure heart .
Every true worshipper is tested.
True writers write because they have to, they have no choice.
True yams are cream colored inside while sweet potatoes are dark orange.
True zeal is characterized by diligence and a sense of urgency.
A true is alignment
TRUE can be one statement or many statements.
TRUE Come for a day, a week, or longer, and enjoy visiting our towns.
TRUE indicates double size.
TRUE indicates original size.
TRUE indicates the array was long enough to hold the continued fraction.
TRUE is a constant that denotes true.
TRUE is posted on the net each weekend, about a week after each column's header date.
TRUE is returned only if the intersection is actually between the endpoints.
TRUE is returned.
TRUE is the correct answer.
TRUE is the default.
TRUE is to be returned if a value has been read successfully.
TRUE makes it break lines if text exceeds the widget's size.
Trues are alignment.
TruEarth models are efficiently and cost-effectively produced.
Truer colors are hard to come by.
Truer numbers come from hospitals and coroners.
Some truffle oils are made with truffle residues incurred during collection or preparation for sale.
A truffle is candy
Truffle isa fungus.
Truffles add spectacular, soups and bisques, pastry, bacon or pancetta.
Truffles are a ball-shaped candy made of chocolate, butter, sugar, and sometimes liqueur.
Truffles are a lovely addition to a cookie platter.
Truffles are a seasonal crop that can only be harvested for a short period each year.
Truffles are also a good, but costly, source of iron.
Truffles are also an important part of the food chain via mycophagy .
Truffles are also well known as an aphrodisiac.
Truffles are an example of passive dispersal by animals.
Truffles are best when served at room temperature.
Truffles are black.
Truffles are candy.
Truffles are classified as fungi.
Truffles are dispersed by animals.
Truffles are fungi that grow in the soil.
Truffles are funguses.
Truffles are located in trees.
Truffles are nicer.
Truffles are notoriously hard to grow.
Truffles are one of the most expensive foods in the world.
Truffles are produced below ground, so they have to be unearthed to be dispersed.
Truffles are rare and difficult to find.
Truffles are rare, and are notoriously difficult to detect even with the aid of detector animals.
Truffles are some of the most nutritious mushroom available.
Truffles are subterranean fungi.
Truffles are subterranean tree- huggers.
Truffles are the ascocarps, or fruiting bodies, of the mycorrhizal ascomycetous fungus.
Truffles are the fruiting body of a fungus.
Truffles are the fruiting structures of ascomycetes in the genus Tuber.
Truffles are the underground fruiting bodies of mycorrhizal fungi.
Truffles are the underground fruits of some types of fungi.
Truffles are underground fungi that bear the spores of so-called ectomycorrhizal fungi.
Truffles are unusually high in glutamates.
Truffles are vegetables.
Truffles are widespread in distribution and are found in a wide variety of habitats.
Truffles come from different continents.
Truffles contain spores for reproduction the way an apple contains apple seeds.
Truffles contain water.
Truffles continue to ripen after having been harvested.
Truffles dry a lot faster if they are cut in half first.
Truffles establish a symbiotic relationship with the roots of such trees as oaks.
Truffles flourish in open woodland on calcareous soil .
Truffles grow entirely under ground and are nosed out by specially trained pigs and dogs.
Truffles grow from spores.
Truffles grow hidden among their roots.
Truffles grow in forests and most of the area's forests have been cut down.
Truffles grow underground in a mutually-advantageous relationship with the roots of trees.
Truffles grow underground in association with certain trees.
Truffles grow underground on or near the roots of trees.
Truffles grow wild, underground, usually at the base of an oak tree.
Truffles have (part) cell membranes.
Truffles have (part) cells.
Truffles have (part) corpi.
Truffles have (part) cytoplasm.
Truffles have (part) hyphae.
Truffles have (part) myceliums.
Truffles have (part) nuclei.
Truffles have (part) plasma membranes.
Truffles have (part) sections.
Truffles have (part) vacuoles.
Truffles have a highly appreciated earthy, garlicky, mushroomy flavor.
Truffles have a pungent, almost magical flavor that is greatly appreciated among gourmets.
Truffles have benefits.
Truffles have flavor.
Truffles have flavour.
Truffles have non-slip soles, full leather uppers, and fully cushioned insoles with arch support.
Truffles have odor.
Truffles have strong flavor.
Truffles have types.
Truffles keep fresh longer when they are unwashed and refrigerated.
Truffles prized by gourmets are underground ascocarps of mycelia that are mycorrhizal on tree roots.
Truffles rely on animals for spore dispersal.
Truffles reproduce asexually , with a male and female spore.
Truffles suffer damage.
Truffles suffer surface damage.
Truffles take a considerable investment of time and energy to grow.
Most truffles are classified as fungi.
Most truffles contain water.
Most truffles grow from spores.
Most truffles have benefits.
Most truffles have flavor.
Most truffles have flavour.
Most truffles have odor.
Most truffles have strong flavor.
Most truffles have types.
Most truffles suffer damage.
Most truffles suffer surface damage.
Some truffles grow in backyards.
Some truffles grow on oak tree roots.
Some truffles grow on roots.
Some truffles grow roots.
Some truffles have holes.
Some truffles have markets.
Some truffles irritate eyes.
Some truffles rely on animals.
Some truffles rely on small animals.
Some truffles retain flavor.
Truffled bourbon is easy to make, and the bourbon and preserved truffle keep indefinitely.
TruGrip pressure switch for an unaltered two-handed firing grip.
Truhoy soils are on fan piedmonts.
A truism is truth
Truisms have to be developed in a particular way.
A trump card is a playing card
Trump cards are always highest.
A trump is a suit
Trump chooses human rights over profits.
Trump despises the military.
Trump disagrees with the idea that union labor costs more money.
Trump does good by doing well.
Trump has a peculiar idea of fun.
Trump has a way of being a clown and a bad boy in a sanitized, button-down world.
Trump has high multifoliolate leaf expression.
Trump has neither.
Trump is a double-digit.
Trump is a narcisssitic blowhard.
Trump is a perfect placeholder.
Trump is a suit.
Trump is a very good politician, but in limited ways.
Trump is back on stage minutes after assassination attempt.
Trump is Best in a Three Way.
Trump is deadly serious.
Trump is determined the same way.
Trump is evil.
Trump is fugu, the Japanese pufferfish that is both delicious and potentially fatal.
Trump is no stranger to controversy.
Trump is recognized as an international authority in the care of patients with genitourinary cancer.
Trump now hopes to move into the Detroit market, too.
Trump outranks the other suits.
Trump phrases things in a way to deflect responsibility.
Trump points out school security myths and then provides a real-world perspective.
Trump probably burns through that kind of chump change in lost golf balls every week.
Trump provides clear direction for implementing security, and in few words at that.
Trump represents a revolution.
Trump says, ''is people.
Trump seems to believe in ethnic stereotypes deeply.
Trumps are cards of the trump suit and number trumps.
Trumps are like a suit in cards.
Trumps are original reports of strikingly gracious or tactful remarks or actions.
Trumps are playing cards.
Trumps are suits.
Trumps is also good to keep until the end because hands that can double trumps calls are rare.
Trumpet vines attract hummingbirds.
Trumpet vines need water.
Trumpet vines require care.
Most trumpet vines attract hummingbirds.
Most trumpet vines require care.
Some trumpet vines produce beans.
A trumpet is brass
Trumpet isa device.
Trumpets are brass instruments.
Trumpets are brass.
Trumpets are definitely out.
Trumpets are difficuit to sing to, but are attention getters.
Trumpets are horns.
Trumpets are instruments.
Trumpets are located in bands.
Trumpets are located in brass bands.
Trumpets are located in music stores.
Trumpets are located in orchestras.
Trumpets are made of brass.
Trumpets are musical instruments.
Trumpets are removable to allow different lengths for tuning.
Trumpets are solids.
Trumpets are trumpeters.
Trumpets are used for fanfare.
Trumpets are, of course, still in fashion, even valveless, straight ones.
Trumpets blare, muskets crack and cannons boom.
Trumpets brace the voice of the sax, riff loud and clear over the dissonant wail.
Trumpets can sound alarm or celebration.
Trumpets have (part) sections.
Trumpets have purposes.
Trumpets have the melody while the low brass plays the accompaniment.
Trumpets herald the unions.
Trumpets indicate the victory of good over evil.
Trumpets play an important part in Jazz music, and other various popular genres.
Trumpets resound as the music swells in a crescendo of urgency.
Trumpets resound as the music swells into a crescendo of urgency.
Trumpets sound a flourish, and then a serniet.
Trumpets sound and angels weep.
Trumpets sound, and drums.
Trumpets typically produce larger but readily transplantable bulbs.
Most trumpets have purposes.
Most trumpets have valves of the piston type, while some have the rotary type.
Some trumpets have pipes.
Trumpeter swan is one of the heaviest living birds that are able to take flight.
Trumpeter swans eat fish.
Trumpeter swans have bills.
Trumpeter swans have curves.
Trumpeter swans have different voices.
Trumpeter swans have shape curves.
Trumpeter swans have voices.
Trumpeter swans lose feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose primary feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose primary wing feathers.
Trumpeter swans lose wing feathers.
Trumpeter swans nest territory.
Trumpeter swans occupy breed ranges.
Trumpeter swans occupy ranges.
Trumpeter swans produce sound.
Many trumpeter swans spend the winter on the western coast of Canada, Alaska and Washington.
Many trumpeter swans spend the winter on the western coast of Canada, Alaska, and Washington.
Most trumpeter swans eat fish.
Most trumpeter swans have bills.
Most trumpeter swans have curves.
Most trumpeter swans have different voices.
Most trumpeter swans have shape curves.
Most trumpeter swans have voices.
Most trumpeter swans lose feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose primary feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose primary wing feathers.
Most trumpeter swans lose wing feathers.
Most trumpeter swans occupy ranges.
Most trumpeter swans produce sound.
Some trumpeter swans eat insects.
Some trumpeter swans eat many insects.
Some trumpeter swans eat seeds.
Some trumpeter swans eat tuber seeds.
Some trumpeter swans feed on tubers.
Some trumpeter swans have bases.
Some trumpeter swans have tints.
Some trumpeter swans move into agricultural areas.
Some trumpeter swans move into areas.
Some trumpeter swans take up residences.
Some trumpeter swans use feet.
Some trumpeter swans use strong web feet.
A trumpeter is a musician
Trumpeter isa musician.
Trumpeter tends to droop tail down slightly when feeding.
Trumpeters are a more domesticated type.
Trumpeters are birds of strong traditions.
Trumpeters are birds.
Trumpeters are horn players.
Trumpeters are known to be very territorial during the mating season.
Trumpeters are musicians.
Trumpeters are powerful fighters on rod and line.
Trumpeters are swans.
Trumpeters are the largest waterfowl in North America and the largest swans in the world.
Trumpeters are the rarest swan in the world.
Trumpeters are very sensitive to any change, and approximating the original is to our advantage.
Trumpeters breed well in captivity.
Trumpeters have (part) arms.
Trumpeters have (part) body substances.
Trumpeters have (part) cell membranes.
Trumpeters have (part) cells.
Trumpeters have (part) corpi.
Trumpeters have (part) cytoplasm.
Trumpeters have (part) heads.
Trumpeters have (part) human bodies.
Trumpeters have (part) legs.
Trumpeters have (part) material bodies.
Trumpeters have (part) necks.
Trumpeters have (part) nuclei.
Trumpeters have (part) personality.
Trumpeters have (part) plasma membranes.
Trumpeters have (part) sections.
Trumpeters have (part) vacuoles.
Trumpeters have a call like a trumpet, with the same tonal quality as badly-played bagpipes.
Trumpeters have an unmistakable resonant, loud, trumpet-like call.
Trumpeters have broad, flat bills with fine tooth-like notches along the edges.
Trumpeters have long legs, a short bill, and dark plumage.
Trumpeters hold their necks vertically, frequently with a kink near the base.
Trumpeters live for years.
Trumpeters select a nest site typically in an undisturbed marsh adjacent to a small lake.
Trumpeters tend to fly low and move slowly on land.
Trumpeters thrive in areas of open water.
Trumpeters use melody.
Trumpeters often build on top of muskrat houses or beaver lodges.
Most trumpeters live for years.
Most trumpeters now entering California appear to come from the Rocky Mountain population.
Most trumpeters use melody.
Some trumpeters have responses.
Some trumpeters reach height.
Trumpetfish coloration is most commonly a mottled reddish-brown.
A trumpetfish is a bony fish
Trumpetfishes have a compressed and elongate body which can grow to some length.
Truncal ataxia is least likely to occur with a lesion of which of the following structures.
Truncate phrase searches.
Truncated cable enters a junction box where amplification takes place.
Truncated references can also be written, provided they contain at least three characters.
Truncated spurs are rounded areas of land which have been cut off.
Truncated text is the shortening or abbreviation of text due to limited display space.
Truncated words are root words or stems with a variety of endings including plurals.
A truncation is a shortening
Truncation allow articles published with or without a middle initial to be retrieved.
Truncation allows for the retrieval of words with alternate endings.
Truncation allows the searcher to enter part of a word or term, and still get valid results.
Truncation allows the teacher to access Web sites that have information on math, mathematics, etc.
Truncation allows users to stem words or retrieve root words with several endings.
Truncation allows users to stem words or retrieve words with several endings.
Truncation also causes the distribution that is actually used to have a finite variance.
Truncation also seems to affect the amount of reacting material in the cells.
Truncation can also help, eg.
Truncation can be useful in obtaining many forms of the same word.
Truncation can be useful in retrieving plurals and other variants.
Truncation can give unexpected results.
Truncation can occur at the left end or the right end of a word stem or within the word.
Truncation causes a sinc type point spread function.
Truncation enables people to search variant word endings in a database.
Truncation finds any words which share the same root.
Truncation includes the root word before the question mark as well as all variant endings.
Truncation increases retrieval by abbreviating a term.
Truncation is a good idea.
Truncation is a mechanism for searching multiple terms that begin with a desired prefix.
Truncation is a method of finding multiple endings or forms of a word.
Truncation is a shortcut method of covering a series of terms with one term.
Truncation is a technique for retrieving variations in one search term.
Truncation is a way to increase the results of a search.
Truncation is also possible.
Truncation is an other kind of reduction pattern and is found in other groups as isolated events.
Truncation is another search tool as well as the use of quotation marks and parentheses.
Truncation is applied automatically.
Truncation is applied with a question mark after the search term with no space.
Truncation is automatic except in the keyword search option.
Truncation is automatic in most fields, which can lead to some unusual results.
Truncation is automatic in phrase searches.
Truncation is automatic on both the left and right and no truncation operators are necessary.
Truncation is automatic on the right and left of each term.
Truncation is automatic only for some search types.
Truncation is automatic.
Truncation is bi-directional.
Truncation is implicit when keywords refer to string-indexed fields.
Truncation is implicit.
Truncation is performed by programs solely to save space on output files.
Truncation is recommended.
Truncation is the ability to search for all the variations of a word at the same time.
Truncation is the next advantage of keyword searching.
Truncation is the process of looking for multiple forms of a word.
Truncation is the term used to identify the process of safekeeping checks.
Truncation is the use of a symbol as a wild card.
Truncation is unacceptable under any circumstances.
Truncation is unnecessary.
Truncation is used to ensure retrieval of all possible variations of a word root.
Truncation is used to find different forms of words in a keyword search.
Truncation is used to find words with the same root or same ending.
Truncation is used to indicate that any form of a root word is to be retrieved.
Truncation is used to retrieve keywords having the same root word.
Truncation is used to search for all forms of a word.
Truncation is used to search the root of the word without regard to what suffix is used.
Truncation is used when one wishes to find variants of a word.
Truncation is useful when inverting images.
Truncation is where the root of the word is used to locate variants.
Truncation needs to be used with care, as it is possible to retrieve unwanted items.
Truncation occurs after the first n procedures or lines have been listed.
Truncation occurs because the highest bit is treated as a sign bit.
Truncation puts a mirror parallel to the floor, making a mirror roof.
Truncation releases olfactory receptors from the endoplasmic reticulum of heterologous cells.
Truncation searches all possible endings of a word.
Truncation takes place as opposed to rounding.
Truncation takes place when a symbol or wild card is used instead of a letter.
Truncation Truncate each sequence to max.
Truncation Use a shortened form of the word followed by an asterisk.
Truncation Use a truncation symbol to find variant forms of a search term.
Truncation Use the asterisk to truncate words in any text field.
Truncations are carving.
Truncations are shortening.
Truncations expand searches by setting broader criteria.
Some truncation is supported.
Some truncations can give unexpected results.
Trunk bay is a fabulous white crescent of sand set with coconut palm trees.
Trunk bay is worth going to because of the beach but it is crowed.
A trunk road is a highway
Trunk roads can be motorways, dual carriageways, single carriageways or single track roads.
Trunk roads connecting major towns are bitumen and up to the Western European standards.
A trunk route is a line
All trunk routes use fiber optic technology.
Trunk space is adequate with the rear seatback up, generous with it folded down.
Trunk space is adequate, but limited.
Trunk space is adequate.
Trunk space is cavernous, easily swallowing suitcases and grocery bags with room to spare.
Trunk space is down a bit, however, but there is still room for plenty of luggage.
Trunk space is generous, and can be slightly expanded thanks to the center armrest pass-through.
Trunk space is generous.
Trunk space is good for the subcompact field.
Trunk space is impressive.
Trunk space is minimal.
Trunk space is modest but adequate for most shopping.
Trunk space is pretty good, too, and the rear seat back can be folded down to add cargo space.
Trunk space is retained.
Trunk space is sparse, especially with boot stored in cargo area.
Trunk space is vast, and it's easy to get at.
Trunk space is very reasonable, especially for a convertible.
Trunk space is voluminous, and can easily swallow a pair of suitcases or many sets of golf clubs.
A trunk is luggage
Trunk can be very wide.
Trunk can form air roots.
Trunk claims along lots baker although put golf photos.
Trunk has approx.
Trunk is a program to manage e-mail discussion groups, or mailing lists.
Trunk is almost always straight.
Trunk is fluted with smooth, mottled, and often peeling bark .
Trunk is hard to close, in both grip and effort.
Trunk is hollow .
Trunk is in local or remote alarm.
Trunk is lined and has a lift off top with lot's of storage.
Trunk is lined and has a lift off top with lots of storage.
Trunk is lined with lift open top and hinged in the back.
Trunk is open.
Trunk is pristine original with factory correct rubber floor mat and original spare tire.
Trunk is relatively smooth.
Trunk is rusty.
Trunk is very correct with rubber mat and new matching spare tire and factory jack.
Trunk isa stem.
Trunk now has a console comfiguration utility, 'trunkadmin', complete with man page.
Trunk obey few mice throughout many large old house interiors.
Trunk opens to reveal highly detailed engineand hood opens to reveal spare tire.
Trunk opens, missing the hood.
Trunk proverbce by several used isuzu trooper.
Trunk shows focusing on the creative talents of local ethnic artists.
Trunk shows throughout the year.
Trunk subscribe to one new hampshire hike.
Trunk supports adjust in height and width.
Trunk switch despite many four wheel drive vehicles magazines.
Trunk washes on all elephants are in progress.
Trunk wonders about the description of the bellboy.
Trunk wounds to a young tree can have a severe dwarfing effect.
Trunk wraps, in theory, help prevent sunscald and cracks on thin-bark trees such as maple and birch.
Trunks also tells the runt to hurry up and move farther back.
Trunks are appendages.
Trunks are baggage.
Trunks are body parts.
Trunks are bulletproof.
Trunks are complicated, prehensile organs, and as such they require sophisticated muscular control.
Trunks are fatter at the base and skinnier at the outer branches.
Trunks are for backpacks.
Trunks are located in attics.
Trunks are located in automobiles.
Trunks are located in bedrooms.
Trunks are located in cars.
Trunks are located in garages.
Trunks are located in zoos.
Trunks are no-frills rolling duffles.
Trunks are noses.
Trunks are often bent and twisted and swollen at the base.
Trunks are part of automobiles.
Trunks are part of autos.
Trunks are part of cars.
Trunks are part of trees.
Trunks are solid objects.
Trunks are stable enough to resist the wind's pulling.
Trunks are stalks.
Trunks are stout, dividing into several large diameter branches.
Trunks are swimsuits.
Trunks are unbuttressed but are basally swollen.
Trunks are used for storage.
Trunks are used for support.
Trunks are useful for dust baths.
Trunks are wood.
Trunks awakens and discovered what has happened.
Trunks becomes angered with rage at such injustice.
Trunks bend and weave and usually lean to one side.
Trunks calls on a storm.
Trunks can grow more than six feet in diameter.
Trunks can hold six litres of water and are often used as a flexible shower hose pipe.
Trunks comes back from the future in the time machine.
Trunks connect switches to switches.
Trunks connect switches together.
Trunks create drag in the water and cotton gets heavy when wet and can cause chafing.
Trunks didn t answer immediately.
Trunks entwine as they strain against each other in pushing matches.
Trunks have (part) bark.
Trunks have (part) corpi.
Trunks have (part) leaf nodes.
Trunks have (part) sections.
Trunks have functions.
Trunks have holes.
Trunks have important functions.
Trunks have many important functions.
Trunks make great tables or plant stands.
Trunks originate from roots.
Trunks provide connectivity among packet switches.
Trunks reach height.
Trunks realizes something else is a threat other than the Androids.
Trunks repliyed and let go.
Trunks shoots a blast into the cave which the lab is in, but it has no effect.
Trunks use a formal type of language.
Trunks use a wide range of different digital technologies, so they come in many kinds.
Trunks vary in diameters.
Trunks whent back to the gravity room.
Trunks whent inside the lab.
Trunk often divides and forms a multistemmed plant.
All trunks are busy off of the campus currently.
All trunks contain sources and ordering information for items.
Many trunk rot fungi and stem diseases attack red maple.
Many trunks contain audio-visual materials that further enhance the learning experience.
Most trunks have functions.
Most trunks have holes.
Most trunks have important functions.
Most trunks have many important functions.
Most trunks reach height.
Most trunks vary in diameters.
Some trunks are easier to load than others.
Some trunks are part of acacias.
Some trunks are part of apricots.
Some trunks are part of aspen.
Some trunks are part of baobabs.
Some trunks are part of beeches.
Some trunks are part of cedar.
Some trunks are part of chicots.
Some trunks are part of cocos.
Some trunks are part of conifers.
Some trunks are part of elms.
Some trunks are part of gingkoes.
Some trunks are part of grapefruit.
Some trunks are part of guavas.
Some trunks are part of hollies.
Some trunks are part of laurels.
Some trunks are part of mandarins.
Some trunks are part of mangos.
Some trunks are part of mangroves.
Some trunks are part of papaya.
Some trunks are part of pine.
Some trunks are part of pinyons.
Some trunks are part of rowans.
Some trunks are part of spruces.
Some trunks are part of titis.
Some trunks are part of trees.
Some trunks are part of willows.
Some trunks are submerged in water.
Some trunks become organs.
Some trunks become prehensile organs.
Some trunks contain fluid.
Some trunks grow feet.
Some trunks have ability.
Some trunks have prominent ribs.
Some trunks have tissue.
Some trunks look like bottles.
Some trunks produce green leaves.
Some trunks produce leaves.
Some trunks show evidence.
Some trunks use for food.
Trunked systems have advantages for such users in comparison with cellular or paging communications.
Truss elements are available by specifying -truss for element .
Truss rods can make interesting buzzing noises also.
A truss is a framework
Trusses are a good place to start since they are one of the simplest form of assembly.
Trusses are a series of triangles fastened together with gusset plates.
Trusses are an engineered built roof system that can span large areas without support in the middle.
Trusses are bandages.
Trusses are beams arranged to form triangles .
Trusses are frameworks.
Trusses are load.
Trusses are located in buildings.
Trusses are medical devices.
Trusses are now ready to be erected.
Trusses are what the roof is laid on.
Trusses are wood with a plywood covering and fiberglass shingles.
Trusses avoid the tedious and time consuming tasks of typical post and beam construction.
Trusses can support large loads without adding too much to the overall mass of an object.
Trusses minimize cutting and framing on the job site, greatly reducing labor cost.
Trusses tend to be a stronger lighter and less expensive approach to roof framing.
Every truss is set to a different camber.
Most trusses are in place .
Trust agreements are another escrow approach.
Trust agreements fall into two general classifications, fixed or discretionary.
Trust banks seem to be transferring some of their bad assets to their commercial banking division.
Trust building is first, then get down to business.
Trust building is part of it.
Trust building is the opposite of sales.
Trust building requires time and lots of contact.
A trust company is an institution
Trust companies are financial institutions.
Trust companies are one class of bank.
Trust companies handle large amounts of money for individuals, organizations or businesses.
Trust companies provide permanence and stability in the administration of an estate.
Most trust companies have experience in estate planning.
A trust fund is a fund
Trust funds account for assets held by the government under the terms of a formal trust agreement.
Trust funds are currently almost twice the size of the annual cost of the program, and growing.
Trust funds are funds.
Trust funds are intelligent funds.
Trust funds can be a handy financial tool for many people.
Trust funds derive revenue from special fees, such as motor fuel taxes and airline ticket taxes.
Trust funds do work.
Trust issues appear to be the greatest barrier to shopping online for Hispanic adults.
Trust issues can occur more frequently in telecommuting situations than in the in-house workspace.
Trust management is a critical business issue for most organizations.
Trust management is a varied and demanding job making the selection of a trustee crucial.
Trust metrics is based upon fixed algorithm.
Trust money is raised through fees charged to builders in lieu of creating more affordable housing.
Trust services are also available.
Trust services are another byproduct of the estate planning process.
Trust services require highly skilled personnel.
Trust services vary by state.
Trust accounts Establish a living trust to reduce the costs and delays of the probate process.
Trust accounts versus reimbursable accounts.
Trust acts like a lubricant that makes any group or organization run more efficiently.
Trust allows dialogue, and consensus enables all stakeholders to work toward a common goal.
Trust binds people together, creating a strong, resilient organization.
Trust blazes new trails.
Trust competes against trust.
Trust counts as a decisive coordination mechanism for virtual organizations.
Trust demands learning and openness to change.
Trust equals faith and confidence in one s honesty, integrity, reliability and fairness.
Trust facilitates both social and economic life as it eases the burden of unspecified reciprocation.
Trust facilitates economic development and cuts transaction costs.
Trust fosters informal contact between bargainers which in turn facilitates more formal contact.
Trust Gaining others trust by being honest, responsible, caring and respectful.
Trust generates commitment.
Trust grows and thrives when there is a genuine commitment to truth.
Trust grows if agreements are made and kept.
Trust grows slowly.
Trust implies accountability, predictability, and reliability.
Trust implies accountability, predictability, reliability.
Trust invites engagement and accelerates learning.
Trust involves risk and our perceptions of others.
Trust involves risk.
Trust is a property
Trust is companies.
Trust is consortiums.
Trust is made of honesty.
Trust is organizations.
Trust is part of faith.
Trust is properties.
Trust is traits.
Trust liberates teams.
Trust lowers transaction costs, for example.
Trust occurs only when the child feels understood and accepted.
Trust opens with a tease of an electric guitar.
Trust presupposes reliability and competence.
Trust produces loyalty but mistrust bears perfidy.
Trust replaces fear and intimidation.
Trust starts with managers who recognize and reward knowledge sharers.
Trust takes time and commitment.
Trust takes time to build between two people, but only a second to destroy.
Trust takes time to build, of course, but is essential for our long-term success.
Trust takes time to build.
Trust takes time to develop.
Trust takes time to establish, and seconds to destroy.
Trust takes time to gain and is fragile.
Trust takes time, commitment, and continuity.
Trust takes time.
Trust takes years to build and seconds to lose.
Trust underlies the years ahead.
Trust works best among equals.
Trusts accomplish a variety of estate planning purposes.
Trusts allow the original tax basis and date acquired to be input for tax purposes.
Trusts also allow a person to arrange for property to be put first to one use, then to another.
Trusts also have the highest tax rates.
Trusts also have to pay income tax.
Trusts also provide another advantage.
Trusts also provide excellent mechanisms for protecting privacy.
Trusts also save heirs from the burden of financial responsibility.
Trusts are a great estate planning tool.
Trusts are a great source of business.
Trusts are a means both of reducing tax liability and of simplifying inheritance.
Trusts are a popular estate planning instrument.
Trusts are a popular instrument, but even they have limitations.
Trusts are a simple idea.
Trusts are a useful instrument in estate planning for many reasons.
Trusts are a very powerful financial planning tool that can be useful in many different situations.
Trusts are also great vehicles for transfering assets out of large estates.
Trusts are also great vehicles for transfering assets to for large estates.
Trusts are also practical vehicles for the small institution.
Trusts are amazing planning tools that can be used to attain many financial goals.
Trusts are an especially popular vehicle with investors, stockbrokers, and financial planners.
Trusts are an important element in the Islands' international finance centres.
Trusts are an integral part of a comprehensive wealth management and preservation strategy.
Trusts are another estate planning tool.
Trusts are another vehicle that are often used to confront disability problems.
Trusts are basic estate planning tools.
Trusts are complicated financial planning tools.
Trusts are either express or implied.
Trusts are either revocable or irrevocable.
Trusts are either revocable, or are irrevocable.
Trusts are either simple or complex.
Trusts are exempt from capital gains tax and can be funded with appreciated stock.
Trusts are flexible.
Trusts are gifts that give back.
Trusts are just for the very wealthy.
Trusts are legal devices that hold assets for the benefit of named beneficiaries.
Trusts are legal entities.
Trusts are more complex but offer greater flexibility and sometimes greater control.
Trusts are more difficult to challenge.
Trusts are more expensive than regular custodial accounts which are cost-free.
Trusts are more flexible.
Trusts are no good either.
Trusts are no longer just for the rich.
Trusts are one of the most common and useful estate planning tools.
Trusts are private documents.
Trusts are renewable at any time by simple application with the bank.
Trusts are set up through banking institutions and the bank holds the title of the property.
Trusts are sophisticated tools and require the guidance of an attorney experienced in elder law.
Trusts are still effective as a defence against inheritance tax.
Trusts are tax-planning tools in larger estates.
Trusts are the cornerstones of effective estate planning.
Trusts are usually the answer.
Trusts are very popular estate planning tools.
Trusts can accomplish many things.
Trusts can also benefit estate plans.
Trusts can arrange for any financial or administrative function.
Trusts can avoid many of the disadvantages of the various approaches discussed thus far.
Trusts can be a great tool to protect minor children's inheritance, dependents, prevent probate etc.
Trusts can be a very flexible tool for tax and estate planning.
Trusts can be an important part of an estate plan.
Trusts can be complex instruments.
Trusts can be difficult to establish and administer.
Trusts can be effective estate planning tools in many different circumstances.
Trusts can be expensive to establish and manage.
Trusts can be revocable during the grantor's lifetime or irrevocable once established.
Trusts can be revocable or irrevocable.
Trusts can be simple or complex.
Trusts can be very flexible in meeting the needs of the individual, yet specific at the same time.
Trusts can buy, own, and sell property.
Trusts can help their founders avoid probate, capital gains and certain income taxes.
Trusts can help to reduce estate taxes while passing on assets to heirs.
Trusts can last for many years.
Trusts can learn from the best schemes.
Trusts can own and sell property.
Trusts can parcel out money over time, instead of all at once.
Trusts can protect assets, avoid probate, increase privacy, and minimize taxes.
Trusts can reduce income and death taxes.
Trusts can serve a charitable purpose that also helps loved ones.
Trusts carry out their activities through the trustee.
Trusts comprise another valuable asset protection device.
Trusts Configure the source domain to trust the target domain.
Trusts cost money.
Trusts created under wills are always irrevocable.
Trusts deeds guarantees foreclosures leases and documents.
Trusts do a couple of important things for small business people. . .
Trusts do have one major disadvantage when compared with corporations.
Trusts enable individuals to accomplish many different goals.
Trusts established to regulate the amount, control, and circumstances of distribution are common.
Trusts exist for many reasons - from joint ownership of the matrimonial home to tax avoidance.
Trusts gain their unique powers from the Constitution of the United States of America.
Trusts generally are a marvelous invention.
Trusts give user and group rights to traverse domains and are essential for single sign-on.
Trusts have advantages as an investment vehicle and for creditor protection.
Trusts have many advantages.
Trusts have many uses in estate planning.
Trusts have several uses and they can be of much benefit when they are properly set up.
Trusts keep businesses alive and surviving, generation after generation.
Trusts offer an excellent means of increasing a bank's fee income.
Trusts offer considerable benefits.
Trusts offer the most flexible way to provide for a minor.
Trusts Offers a manual on the drafting and use of trusts.
Trusts own and control property under terms established by the settlers.
Trusts play a central role in both national and international tax planning.
Trusts provide a means whereby persons under a disability can be looked after.
Trusts provide a vehicle for bypassing probate and are usually professionally managed.
Trusts provide greater protections and more flexibility.
Trusts provide protection from creditors, especially the creditors of beneficiaries.
Trusts provide valuable benefits to individuals with broad ranges of net worth.
Trusts really are simple to understand.
Trusts serve many useful purposes.
Trusts set their prices taking into account the prices likely to be charged by other trusts.
Trusts solve some problems and create others.
Trusts take time to establish.
Trusts then become the vehicle of choice.
Trusts thus come in several varieties.
Trusts thus exhibit the twin hallmarks of contract, consensual formation and consensual terms.
Trusts often contain a mixture of fixed and discretionary elements.
Trusts often serve as sound estate-planning tools.
Trusts usually suffer from another restriction, too.
All trust is foolish.
All trusts become irrevocable when the grantor dies.
Every trust has to have a trustee, and some have two or more.
Many trusts are structured to distribute inheritances at predetermined ages.
More trust leads to enhanced stability, which is essential to long-term success.
Most trusts have identifiable beneficiaries.
Most Trusts have two or more Trustees.
Some trust is important.
Some trusts are single project trusts, set up to save a particular building.
Some trusts assign ownership of the income and assets to different individuals.
Some trusts create habitat for people rather than animals.
Some trusts manage land owned by others or advise landowners on how to preserve their land.
Some trusts purport to involve charitable purposes.
A trustbuster is a federal agent
Trustbusters violate such law at every turn.
Trusted advisors plan first then implement.
Trusted agents deliver operational freedom without weakening security.
Trusted code is given unlimited access to the entire system.
Trusted employees can access systems without external connections.
Trusted executors loot estates, while court officials look the other way.
Trusted experts deliver a FREE newsletter with tips, downloads, news and reviews.
Trusted mode can also open the doors to system invasion via the Internet.
Trusted networks are configurable and operationally desirable.
Trusted relationship provides mutually profitable results.
Trusted security is vital in today's communication applications.
Trusted servants are all volunteers chosen from among members.
Trusted users update error.
A trustee is a fiduciary
Trustee maintains control, income distributions are discretionary.
Trustee objects on the grounds that the loan participation is a disguised loan.
Trustee seeks costs and prejudgment interest.
Trustee seeks recovery of the value of the vehicle plus costs and pre-judgment interest.
Trustees act as advocates in many important ways.
Trustees act in the best interests of the library.
Trustees act to establish policies which govern the school district in a variety of ways.
Trustees also appoint the student body president.
Trustees also hold substantial responsibility from a risk-management perspective.
Trustees also plan to form a community task force to study facility needs.
Trustees also see what goes on here and give money to the places where it is most needed.
Trustees also serve on committees which meet regularly between board meetings.
Trustees are accountable for their trustee-ship.
Trustees are accountable neither to a ruthless stock market nor a fickle electorate.
Trustees are also among our best solicitors.
Trustees are also liable, of course, for intentional misconduct like libel, assault, and theft.
Trustees are also to be guided by the in- tent of the donor at the time the trust was created.
Trustees are area business people with an interest in sports and economic development.
Trustees are aware of the possibility of a negative reaction to a delay.
Trustees are concerned about a number of issues.
Trustees are conscientious about attending board and committee meetings.
Trustees are elected to serve four-year terms , with a maximum limit of three terms .
Trustees are elected to serve four-year terms, with a maximum limit of three terms.
Trustees are eligible for reappointment.
Trustees are fiduciaries.
Trustees are for that.
Trustees are frequently lawyers or accountants.
Trustees are generally quite satisfied with the role they play and the responsibilities they bear.
Trustees are important members of their communities.
Trustees are in scope of coverage as appointed state officials as required by statute.
Trustees are intelligent agents.
Trustees are knowledgeable about their community s power structure.
Trustees are men and women incarcerated in area minimum-security correctional facilities.
Trustees are of two kinds.
Trustees are often interested in serving for one, or possibly, two terms.
Trustees are often unable to locate creditors living in other states.
Trustees are people who are skilled in business and finance.
Trustees are persons charged with managing trust assets.
Trustees are responsible for certifying tax levies, adopting a budget and appropriation ordinance.
Trustees are responsible for setting foundation policy and making fund decisions.
Trustees are responsible for the planning, policy-making, and financial management of the district.
Trustees are single minded in assuring the financial health of the institution.
Trustees are strong supporters for library services.
Trustees are the critical link between community and school boards.
Trustees are thunder and thumping advocates on behalf of the institution.
Trustees are to be representative of the various geographical areas of the District.
Trustees are to report conflict of interest situations to the best of their knowledge.
Trustees are volunteer participants in government.
Trustees are volunteers who are broadly representative of the Alger County area.
Trustees are volunteers who are broadly representative of the area served.
Trustees are volunteers who are broadly representative of the Norway area.
Trustees are volunteers who often are leaders of the local community.
Trustees assume quasi-administrative roles.
Trustees bring many skills to their trusteeship on the public library board.
Trustees call for more students.
Trustees can bring qualities other than fund raising that are critical to the institution.
Trustees can consider several questions to help develop a comprehensive campus alcohol policy.
Trustees can delegate investment responsibilities to experts.
Trustees can either be individuals or companies or even a combination of the two.
Trustees can either be individuals or companies, or a combination of the two.
Trustees can park in any open space on the main campus.
Trustees can play an important role in changing the campus climate.
Trustees can seek alternative fund managers.
Trustees can work off some of their sentences by doing cleaning and odd jobs.
Trustees come to their boards with their own areas of expertise.
Trustees consider next phase of campus master plan.
Trustees Consider the number of trustees.
Trustees continue to report with pleasure of their attendance at school council meetings.
Trustees deal with basic questions of policy, planning, and financial management.
Trustees demand access to the city s spending records.
Trustees develop a good understanding of the competition.
Trustees earn one-week credit for eight hours of community service performed.
Trustees elected by the members administer the trust.
Trustees emeriti have advisory status to the board.
Trustees encourage public involvement and are interested in comments from constituents.
Trustees ensure unrestricted editorial freedom.
Trustees feel engaged when they participate in policy development to meet changing conditions.
Trustees generally object in order to meet their fiduciary duties and prevent dissipation of assets.
Trustees give preference to projects conceived and managed by artists.
Trustees handle expenditures and budget appropriations for the church.
Trustees handle the business issues of our church.
Trustees have a duty to exercise care in investing trust monies.
Trustees have a right to expect the very best possible from staff and the chief executive officer.
Trustees have a statutory duty to liquidate the assets under their charge.
Trustees have a three-year term.
Trustees have an important role to play.
Trustees have authority only as a full board.
Trustees have authority over decisions regarding the library's budget, personnel, and policies.
Trustees have different sets of responsibilities and authorities depending on their functions.
Trustees have no business interfering with the hiring and firing.
Trustees have no formal committee structure but form ad hoc task groups to handle specific issues.
Trustees have their own meetings separate from the ABM meetings.
Trustees have to be nominated for the role by a member of the community.
Trustees hold office for a three year term initially and can stand for a further three year period.
Trustees hold office until their successors are elected and qualified.
Trustees hope to make a decision on the future management of the hospital by the end of the year.
Trustees intend to update the plans and want to hear from residents about projects they support.
Trustees is a nonprofit, public interest environmental law firm.
Trustees keep leaving.
Trustees keep logs of receipts to ensure proper administration of assets and to prevent theft.
Trustees learn how to make quarterly audits.
Trustees maintain a rule of conduct of dignity and efficiency in all their meetings.
Trustees make policy decisions that impact students education.
Trustees make sure the dead person's wishes are carried out.
Trustees manage the operations details such as properties, budget, etc.
Trustees manage unincorporated charities and trusts.
Trustees means charity trustees.
Trustees meet every two weeks and special board meetings are called as needed.
Trustees meet four times a year.
Trustees meet monthly and employ a part-time administrator.
Trustees meet to determine the dollar amount to be dispersed in the form of scholarships.
Trustees normally review escrow fund distribution requests once each month.
Trustees offer vision, knowledge, leadership, and dedication, and work purely for the common good.
Trustees officially adopt a budget, working with the library director.
Trustees oversee policies and programs, and set the budget.
Trustees oversee the church buildings and grounds.
Trustees pay their own expenses, so meetings at trade shows is a mutual benefit to all.
Trustees plan to continue the active Web site and other services yet to be identified.
Trustees plan to tackle the issue in depth by springtime.
Trustees play a critical role in the dissemination of asset-backed information.
Trustees play a unique and critical role in the success of any president.
Trustees provide accord and acclaim for good performance.
Trustees provide public service to the Austin community without financial compensation.
Trustees provide security for owners in the event that a developer fails financially.
Trustees receive attention from senior directors and the benefit of four decades of experience.
Trustees receive no salary or honoraria.
Trustees receive, manage and transfer property for the church.
Trustees recognize that there are some positive aspects about the government's education reform.
Trustees represent a broad base of the community.
Trustees represent a broadbase segment of the District of Columbia.
Trustees represent a variety of professional backgrounds.
Trustees represent broad and varied interests, abilities, and experiences.
Trustees represent citizen control and governance of the library.
Trustees represent ophthalmic, medical, business and legal communities in the Bay Area.
Trustees represent the community to the library staff and county.
Trustees require sufficient knowledge of the available products to make an informed decision.
Trustees responsibly manage investments to earn the greatest returns on investments possible.
Trustees review and approve the policy annually.
Trustees see a faculty salary cut as unavoidable.
Trustees see the library from the user s viewpoint.
Trustees see the university in a competitive environment without an effective management process.
Trustees serve a five-year term without compensation.
Trustees serve a four year term.
Trustees serve a maximum of two three-year terms.
Trustees serve a minimum of two years.
Trustees serve a three-year term.
Trustees serve as the governing body of the organization.
Trustees serve as volunteers.
Trustees serve for a period of three years and up to three terms.
Trustees serve for an unlimited period of time.
Trustees serve for life or until resignation.
Trustees serve for terms of three years.
Trustees serve for three year terms.
Trustees serve four year staggered terms.
Trustees serve four-year terms and set local policy for the college.
Trustees serve four-year terms with no compensation.
Trustees serve four-year terms.
Trustees serve six year terms.
Trustees serve staggered terms of three years.
Trustees serve staggered terms, up to three years.
Trustees serve terms of four years.
Trustees serve three-year terms and make an annual financial commitment to the foundation.
Trustees serve three-year terms.
Trustees serve two-year terms.
Trustees serve until reappointed or their successors are named.
Trustees serve without compensation and meet once a month in public session.
Trustees serve without compensation for up to three consecutive terms of two years each.
Trustees serve without compensation.
Trustees serve without pay for overlapping terms of three years.
Trustees serve without pay.
Trustees set policy and serve four-year terms.
Trustees settle for nothing less than the best.
Trustees show care by paying attention and taking their responsibilities seriously.
Trustees spend more or less time per fund in response to the specific issues involved.
Trustees stand in a role similar to officers, directors, and shareholders of corporations.
Trustees Talk to Each Other .
Trustees think of themselves as selected to use their own judgment.
Trustees thus hold large numbers of assets in trust for an estate's creditors.
Trustees use NRDAs to assess injury to natural resources held in the public trust.
Trustees view five-year financial plan.
Trustees vote against equal access policy.
Trustees vote on student fees.
Trustees vote today .
Trustees wear black robes trimmed in green.
Trustees welcome comments and restoration proposals from the public.
Trustees work for the betterment of the library system.
Trustees often are unable to locate creditors living in other states.
Trustees often have big jobs.
Trustees often sell property back to someone who's in the process of declaring bankruptcy.
All trustees are eligible for reelection.
All trustees are eligible to serve a second full term of two years.
All trustees are members of all standing committees.
All trustees are volunteers and try to do the best job they can.
All trustees have equal rights and responsibilities.
All trustees have to meet specific criteria for approval.
All trustees now serve a normal term of six years.
All trustees pay their own expenses.
All trustees pledge confidentiality to each other.
Many trustees are simply unaware of the sweeping nature of their governance responsibilities.
Many trustees find errors and omissions insurance worthwhile.
Most trustees live in Georgia, but others hail from five states altogether.
Most trustees operate without much supervision.
Some trustees are people who are well-known in a community and who can raise a lot of money.
Some trustees say allowing the covers violates the separation of church and state.
A trusteeship is a district
Trusteeship carries legal responsibilities and duties and requires time, understanding and effort.
Trusteeship carries legal responsibilities and duties.
Trusteeship demands toughness.
Trusteeship is a means of revolution or radical social change.
Trusteeship is based on equality and fuelled by responsibility and accountability.
Trusteeship is calculated to promote relationship.
Trusteeship is humanism par excellence.
Trusteeships are positions.
A truster is an advocate
Trusters come in many flavors.
Trusters share their experience with family, friends, neighbors, and co-workers.
Trustings is permittings.
Trustmark schemes vary considerably in their terms and operation.
A trustor is a donor
Trustor has one year, or sometimes longer for equitable reasons, if there is deficiency liability.
Trustor see settlor.
Trusts law appears to be in the process of demotion.
Trustworthy elections are fundamental to democracy.
Trustworthy employees possess the skills and character necessary for the job.
Trustworthy information is difficult to obtain.
All trustworthy leaders make and keep commitments.
Trustworthy leadership is about making and fulfilling commitments.
Trustworthy ones are the best kinsmen.
Trustworthy people are also scrupulously honest.
Trustworthy people are committed to honesty, reliability, loyalty, and integrity.
Trustworthy people are loyal, stand by their families, friends and country.
Trustworthy people are trustworthy people no matter what medium they're in.
Trustworthy people build good reputations.
Trustworthy people have the courage to do the right thing.
Trustworthy sites post their privacy policies and security procedures online.
A trusty is an inmate
Trusties usually get their positions through bribery.
All truth claims are equal.
Truth Commissions try to overcome the suppression and denial of past horrors.
Truth decay is now in progress.
Truth of life is clear in streams, faith accepts whatever it means.
Truth Seekers are freethinkers.
Truth Seekers is non-denominational.
Truth sets define the logical meaning of a predicate.
Truth tables are a way of determining, from syntax alone, the truth value of a sentence.
Truth tables are editable text files consisting of keywords, device attributes, and values.
Truth tables are particularly valuable for identifying non-obvious relationships.
Truth tables are too detailed and specific.
Truth tables can get awfully large.
Truth tables have as many rows as there are logically possible combinations of variables.
Truth tables provide an algorithm for determining validity.
Truth theory offers another version of the truth-conditional approach to meaning.
Truth today is governed by what is plausible.
Truth value is a binary concept.
Truth values are equally important to the values of religious satisfaction.
Truth adds further to beauty's beauty as an ornament makes a person or thing more beautiful.
Truth Agrees with All Reality True facts agree with true evidence, true laws and true principles.
Truth alone can echo far and as it springs from spirit so alone can outlive clay.
Truth alone can unite people.
Truth alone endures to the eternal day.
Truth alone guides a man's judgement.
Truth alone is eternal.
Truth alone is final.
Truth alone is the legitimate antidote of falsehood.
Truth alone is the royal path.
Truth alone triumphs.
Truth amuse off an readers yet smelt lauralee bell movies.
Truth appears in the strangest of forms.
Truth appears irrelevant.
Truth appears only when there is no-one to experience it.
Truth arises spontaneously when there is no contradiction of it.
Truth attracts attention and simplifies attention's work.
Truth based on lies is no truth.
Truth be damned-what is important to remember is that information is sacrosanct.
Truth be know feminism is a political movement focusing on the advocation of women's equality.
Truth be known, a lively and often heated debate surrounds the effectiveness of treatments.
Truth be known, capitalism, at times, can be a bitch.
Truth be known, consumers can also benefit from eating grain foods for the health of it .
Truth be known, fall is a great time to garden, but remember that now is the time to get started.
Truth be known, it can be downright painful.
Truth be known, many coders find that they're left with more questions than answers.
Truth be known, most buyers are a little apprehensive.
Truth be known, Nicaragua is a charming secret.
Truth be known, once alcohol is in the body, it's there to party.
Truth be known, THE single, most expensive component is the enclosure.
Truth be known, their complaints are justified.
Truth be known, they didn t have a choice.
Truth be known, though, they are kind of fun for both the human and canine varieties.
Truth be told tale's old, heart torments til page's potted.
Truth be told, a band is really a touring corporation.
Truth be told, almost nobody has any idea of what the humanities are.
Truth be told, almost nobody reads the whole budget.
Truth be told, anybody can make a case management program.
Truth be told, both parties are probably responsible.
Truth be told, Cisco has both types of clients.
Truth be told, coaches learn quite a bit from spring games, scrimmages and practices.
Truth be told, environmentalists are probably glad to see homes burn and livestock destroyed.
Truth be told, free money is a myth.
Truth be told, friendly fraud is one of the most difficult type of chargebacks to process.
Truth be told, irony is no stranger to politics.
Truth be told, it all boils down to laziness.
Truth be told, it has exactly the opposite affect.
Truth be told, it IS hard to deal with side effects.
Truth be told, it is the only reason to go to American Park.
Truth be told, it'll be big fun.
Truth be told, it's a bit of a liability.
Truth be told, it's better that way.
Truth be told, it's great fun.
Truth be told, it's largely a matter of historical accident, precedent and timing.
Truth be told, it's probably both.
Truth be told, it's probably much easier and much more formulaic than many people care to believe.
Truth be told, it's the opposite.
Truth be told, Japan is ahead of even the United States in certain areas.
Truth be told, lawyers are nothing but legalized criminals.
Truth be told, most Israeli politicians know that.
Truth be told, most jocks are cool while a few are full of themselves - same as advisors.
Truth be told, most people are idiots.
Truth be told, most visitors to the park see it from the deck of a cruise ship.
Truth be told, nothing is new.
Truth be told, now's the time to let it all hang out.
Truth be told, real teens are a lot different then stereotypical teens.
Truth be told, record labels, bands, and solo artists come and go.
Truth be told, summer's reduced flow makes for a lethargic river with many exposed gravel beds.
Truth be told, synthetic gut is nylon.
Truth be told, the ambulance shows up only sporadically.
Truth be told, the answer is more complicated than that.
Truth be told, the answer is probably somewhere in between.
Truth be told, the anti-diversity ad has national implications.
Truth be told, the bayou does get a bit of foliage color, too.
Truth be told, the bottom line is only part of the story.
Truth be told, the embankment does naturally feed balls onto the green and toward the flagstick.
Truth be told, the failure of dot-coms has little or nothing to do with PR firms.
Truth be told, the machinery is primative.
Truth be told, the novel emerges as a bit too much of a trek.
Truth be told, the party is in crisis.
Truth be told, the real moral consensus is paganism.
Truth be told, the reasons are many and varied.
Truth be told, the story is the main drag on the whole piece.
Truth be told, there are many cheaper website hosting companies on the internet.
Truth be told, there are millions of people more deserving of our state's riches.
Truth be told, there are millions of people who feel exactly that way.
Truth be told, there is NO gift adequate enough for some people.
Truth be told, there really is no such thing as unlimited bandwidth.
Truth be told, there's little distinction among the field of imaginary characters.
Truth be told, there's no such thing as an ideal platform.
Truth be told, they actually make it worse.
Truth be told, they both are.
Truth be told, they did make it up in small batches right there in the dining room.
Truth be told, they do.
Truth be told, they have a tough act to follow.
Truth be told, they spend more time discussing life than swings.
Truth be told, they're mostly just compilations.
Truth become lies, bought.
Truth becomes a human goal in addition to nourishment.
Truth becomes distortion.
Truth becomes evidently distinct from falsehood.
Truth becomes forgery and lies.
Truth becomes increasingly hard to define and to share and to communicate.
Truth becomes obvious when divisions fade away.
Truth becomes relative to the eye of the beholder.
Truth becomes relative, and is very much dependent upon the situation.
Truth becomes relative.
Truth becomes the flaming death of everyone but the true believers.
Truth becomes trivial.
Truth becomes whatever each individual wants the truth to be.
Truth becomes whatever is useful.
Truth begins as a strategy in the game of survival.
Truth begins in our heart and is demonstrated by our speech.
Truth begins with fearless questions.
Truth blurs the line between being a praise and worship band and a pure performance band.
Truth brings with it peace, joy and freedom.
Truth brooks no rivals for assent.
Truth builds an industry.
Truth builds and creates, falsehood breaks and destroys.
Truth builds up the man.
Truth bursts forth in radiant light, Showing all the path of right.
Truth calls for a response.
Truth can also be elusive.
Truth can also be in the doing, flowing out from a specific event in time and space.
Truth can also drown in a welter of other concerns.
Truth can and often is locked up or hidden in a symbol.
Truth can be a partial substitute for punishment.
Truth can be a question of willingness to listen to each other's versions of history.
Truth can be as just as suspenseful as fiction.
Truth can be dangerous.
Truth can be hard to prove.
Truth can be hard to take.
Truth can be painful at times, but deception is even more painful in the end.
Truth can be painful.
Truth can be paradoxical and multidimensional.
Truth can be scary.
Truth can be stranger than fiction, but poetry can be stranger than either.
Truth can be stranger than fiction, especially when the truth is partially fiction.
Truth can be subjective, as well.
Truth can be ugly, it is scary, but it is freeing.
Truth can bear scrutiny because it has sound evidence to support it.
Truth can bubble up to the surface.
Truth can build and it can destroy it is, in large part, an issue of presentation.
Truth can come a cropper when the eco-warriors go into action.
Truth can come out of anyone's mouth, at anytime and always sounds the same.
Truth can happen at different levels.
Truth can have different aspects.
Truth can hurt.
Truth can imitate art.
Truth can never be the property of any one person or group.
Truth can never contradict non-injury.
Truth can never harm a Soul.
Truth can no more come from illusion than purity can come from impurity.
Truth can overcome evil.
Truth can overcome prejudice, but only after a change of heart.
Truth can shake the hearts of people.
Truth can shine forth only from a purified mind and a clarified intellect.
Truth can stand by itself.
Truth can stand for itself.
Truth can stand to be investigated and has nothing to hide .
Truth can therefore be almost anything.
Truth can transcend time and space.
Truth carries more weight than creativity.
Truth carries with it confrontation.
Truth certainly exists.
Truth changes daily.
Truth changes from one day to the next.
Truth changes with the times.
Truth clears the fog of confusion when life gets too complicated to enjoy.
Truth collect Buyers out no oil after few dust.
Truth comes before unity.
Truth comes by knowledge and understanding.
Truth comes from good.
Truth comes from physical reality.
Truth comes from reality.
Truth comes from the correct interpretation of the experience.
Truth comes from the top down.
Truth comes in all sorts of forms, under the influence of various impulses.
Truth Comes in Blows .
Truth Comes in Blows also suffers from too conventional a narrative structure.
Truth comes in seed form.
Truth comes in steps.
Truth comes in through the senses and feeds our souls.
Truth comes out in jest.
Truth comes out in wine.
Truth comes out of error more readily than out of confusion.
Truth comes out of the mouths of babes and suckling. .
Truth comes when reality is recognized.
Truth comes with some implied concepts.
Truth comes with time.
Truth consists in loyalty and falsehood in treachery.
Truth converges from many sources.
Truth demands compliance.
Truth demands punishment of immorality.
Truth demonstrates itself in Truth.
Truth denotes the agreement of our ideaswith reality.
Truth depends on agreement with the object.
Truth depends on error.
Truth destroys evil.
Truth determine behind either madam for discover bieffe face shields.
Truth determine behind either madam for discover bombardier recreational products.
Truth disappears with the telling of it.
Truth does conquer, after all.
Truth does exist and it does matter.
Truth does in fact develop organically.
Truth does liberate the human spirit.
Truth does matter, even if it has a political agenda attached.
Truth draws people to itself gently, by example alone.
Truth drives away all fear.
Truth drives out lies.
Truth dwells in the inner man.
Truth dwells in the inner self.
Truth earn Buyers after no oil with few dust.
Truth eliminates a myriad of tempting options.
Truth emerges from a fragmented narrative.
Truth emerges from available information.
Truth emerges from Reality in that it defines only a single aspect of Reality.
Truth emerges in human experience and through rational discourse.
Truth emerges more readily from error than confusion.
Truth emerges more readily from error than from confusion.
Truth emerges more readily from error than from mere confusion.
Truth emerges through engagement.
Truth encompasses all authentic facts of any matter.
Truth endorsed by authority is likely to be accepted as such by a majority of people.
Truth ends sin and defines life.
Truth equals an appeal to Scripture, tradition and reason.
Truth equals technology.
Truth eventually comes to light.
Truth ever triumphs.
Truth evokes competition.
Truth evolves way of conduct.
Truth evolves with the motion of the universe.
Truth evolves, technology evolves, biology evolves, social institutions and standards evolve.
Truth exists and it exists absolutely.
Truth exists elsewise, in simpler things.
Truth exists in all humour and criticism.
Truth exists independently of man and man s task is to seek it.
Truth exists without time and space.
Truth exists, and it matters.
Truth exists, only falsehood has to be invented.
Truth exposes their deeds as evil.
Truth extends to encouragement.
Truth extends to honesty.
Truth extends to implications.
Truth fears no questions.
Truth fears no trial.
Truth fits into the picture by letting the people know there's know lying involved.
Truth flows like a mighty river.
Truth follows from incorrigibility.
Truth get Stores about most gentlemen beneath several arm.
Truth gives hope.
Truth gives strength, stability.
Truth gives unity to the different virtues , and determinateness and consistency to character.
Truth Go to the first , previous , next, last section, table of contents .
Truth goes last.
Truth guards the poet, sanctifies the line.
Truth happens to an idea.
Truth happens to be the most difficult thing for man to comprehend.
Truth hardens into a hopeless routine.
Truth has a funny way of upsetting political concepts.
Truth has a high price tag but it offers great and lasting merchandise.
Truth has a long shelf life.
Truth has a manifold of meanings.
Truth has a purity.
Truth has a purpose for that particular level of growth.
Truth has a strong foundation in itself.
Truth has a tension to it.
Truth has a way of changing.
Truth has additional power when it's fleshed out in godly lives.
Truth has an even slower growth rate than myth.
Truth has beauty and grace because it has right.
Truth has beauty, power and necessity.
Truth has bounds.
Truth has conquered all the fear, Our hearts are free.
Truth has creative power.
Truth has direction, just as a vector has direction in geometry.
Truth has everything to gain from the most absolute freedom of enquiry.
Truth has it that their constituencies are leaning towards the right-wing nationalistic trends.
Truth has many aspects , but it remains always and forever one.
Truth has many aspects, but it remains always and forever one.
Truth has many aspects.
Truth has many elements.
Truth has more power over the human heart than any political force.
Truth has no court.
Truth has no expiration date.
Truth has no fear of investigation.
Truth has no gray area.
Truth has no manners.
Truth has no objects outside it.
Truth has no path.
Truth has no second.
Truth has no toleration.
Truth has nothing to do with the objective world, but rather is related to spirit.
Truth has nothing to do with thinking.
Truth has nothing to fear from candid investigation.
Truth has nothing to fear from questions.
Truth has nothing to fear.
Truth has remedial qualities that enable the soul to recover.
Truth has several characteristics.
Truth has so much power.
Truth has such a nature that every challenge to it is in the end bound to be a vindication of it.
Truth has that effect on honest people.
Truth has the inherent charateristic of looking better as it is scrutinized more closely.
Truth has the power to liberate for two reasons.
Truth has to be known by one with the blessing of a special type of instrument.
Truth has to be learned, truth has to be told and truth has to be lived.
Truth has to become our truth.
Truth has to come out.
Truth has to do with things like faith and trustworthiness and being straight with one another.
Truth has to go with love, and vice versa.
Truth has value in any circumstance.
Truth here is the revealedness of an historical world.
Truth here is truly stranger than fiction.
Truth hides from the arrogant and the distrustful.
Truth holds our life together.
Truth however needs to be developed.
Truth hurts in relationships but truth is better in the long run.
Truth invariably prevails over lies - always be truthful.
Truth invites it.
Truth involves both logic and probability.
Truth is - they are all right.
Truth is . . .
Truth Is . . .
Truth is a balancing act.
Truth is a cast-iron defence against libel actions.
Truth is a casualty in the War on Drugs.
Truth is a characteristic that a person can feel good about.
Truth is a combination of experience and logic with no contradictions.
Truth is a complete defence.
Truth is a complete defense to a defamation case.
Truth is a complete defense to defamation.
Truth is a complete defense.
Truth is a consequence of suffering.
Truth is a constant search.
Truth is a constant.
Truth is a defense against charges of defamation.
Truth is a defense to a claim of defamation, but only if the statement is one of fact.
Truth is a defense to an allegation of defamation.
Truth is a defense to defamation.
Truth is a distillation from the material context of reality.
Truth is a double-edged sword.
Truth is a fact
Truth is a fact.
Truth is a fire let loose by fools.
Truth is a foreign notion.
Truth is a function of language.
Truth is a fundamental value.
Truth is a funny animal.
Truth is a funny thing.
Truth is a genuine and authentic participation in the dynamism of reality.
Truth is a gift.
Truth is a good job that pays well.
Truth is a good, like health, wealth, etc.
Truth IS a great healer.
Truth is a hard bullet to bite.
Truth is a hard pill to swallow, and some of the students have been squirming under it.
Truth is a hot pepper.
Truth is a human construct.
Truth is a key to mastery pp.
Truth is a lie.
Truth is a literary device used to create verisimilitude.
Truth is a matching grant.
Truth is a matter for each person.
Truth is a matter of correspondence to reality.
Truth is a matter of external rather than internal relations.
Truth is a matter of having the right beliefs.
Truth is a matter of interpretation.
Truth is a matter of the imagination.
Truth is a number.
Truth is a perception of one's own reality.
Truth is a perception, which can be altered as many times as it's owner chooses it to.
Truth is a person, and it has an image.
Truth is a person.
Truth is a personal thing.
Truth is a philosophical invention one can only approach.
Truth is a powerful tool.
Truth is a precious and important tool.
Truth is a precious commodity in today's society.
Truth is a precious thing.
Truth is a premise of human thought.
Truth is a quickening, creative energy.
Truth is a raft man uses to cross the river of life and, once across, it drifts away and withers.
Truth is a rare commodity in China.
Truth is a rare commodity, at best.
Truth is a recognition of reality.
Truth is a relation between a statement and the world.
Truth is a relative concept.
Truth is a relative thing at the best of times.
Truth is a road one can follow with complete trust in order to have life.
Truth is a sacred holstein, waiting to happen.
Truth is a scarce commodity in today's world, and all the people of earth suffer as a result.
Truth is a separate and complex issue.
Truth is a serious business.
Truth is a Sherman tank rumbling across the Wasteland.
Truth is a slippery thing when it comes to race.
Truth is a slippery thing, when dealing with the U.S. government.
Truth is a social, historical, and, therefore, a political struggle.
Truth is a solid defense.
Truth is a spectrum of colors, like the diversity of our world.
Truth is a statement of fact.
Truth is a static concept.
Truth is a stubborn thing and character becomes destiny.
Truth is a subjective interpretation of reality, ever-changing and mysterious.
Truth is a sun that rises from different points on the horizon.
Truth is a sword that cuts through the deceits of an evil world.
Truth is a three-edged sword.
Truth is a tiger.
Truth is a torch but a tremendous one.
Truth is a two-fold idea.
Truth is a very elusive concept.
Truth is a very good defense.
Truth is a very important modifier here.
Truth is a very powerful metaphor.
Truth is a very wonderful thing.
Truth is a virus, and information wants to be free.
Truth is a virus.
Truth is a word that comes to mind.
Truth is a working hypothesis.
Truth is abandoned in favor of numbers and money or what works.
Truth is above everything, but higher still is true living.
Truth is above such efforts and is created through historical dialectics.
Truth is absolute ,eternal, One.
Truth is absolute and has no trace of relativism.
Truth is absolute and never can be discussed.
Truth is absolute and unchangeable.
Truth is absolute defense to a claim of libel.
Truth is absolute holiness without error or hypocrisy.
Truth is absolute, and absolutely beautiful.
Truth is absolute, in spite of anyone's rendition.
Truth is absolute, it has no variation.
Truth is absolute, morality is absolute, and beauty is absolute.
Truth is absolute.
Truth is abundant.
Truth is active, it sets free.
Truth is actuality.
Truth is adherence to fact whether absolute or relative.
Truth is aesthetic.
Truth is after all so poorly lit.
Truth is after godliness.
Truth is again the first casualty of war.
Truth is alien.
Truth is alive and personal.
Truth is alive only in love.
Truth is all about balancing the many truths of The Truth.
Truth is all in all for man.
Truth is all knowledge.
Truth is all that is good.
Truth is all that matters to a true christian.
Truth is all there is, ego is nothing.
Truth is almost always boring.
Truth is already in the world, awaiting man's discovery.
Truth is also a characteristic to be treasured.
Truth is also a quality that defines judgments of value.
Truth is also a question of the heart.
Truth is also a virtue that is admired universally and inspires respect, trust, and reliability.
Truth is also contextual, but requires substantial assessment of values.
Truth is also love.
Truth is also more fascinating than fiction and can be more entertaining than fiction.
Truth is also more than facts.
Truth is altogether seperate from our interpretation or understanding of it.
Truth is always a complete defense to a charge of libel.
Truth is always a defense.
Truth is always a matter of perspective.
Truth is always a murky subject, mainly because it depends entirely on perception.
Truth is always beyond words.
Truth is always bitter and sour, that's why nobody likes it.
Truth is always calm and composed.
Truth is always difficult to determine for any subject.
Truth is always elusive to the intellectual vanity of the self-centered.
Truth is always exciting.
Truth is always from a context.
Truth is always important, regardless of the subject.
Truth is always inclusive.
Truth is always manifest beyond our belief.
Truth is always much funnier than fiction.
Truth is always one, never two.
Truth is always our strongest ally.
Truth is always richer than fiction.
Truth is always simple and error is always complicated.
Truth is always stranger than Reality.
Truth is always subversive.
Truth is always supportive of existence.
Truth is always the casualty when technique becomes supreme.
Truth is always the first casualty in any war.
Truth is always the first casualty of war.
Truth is always the first casualty.
Truth is always the opening needed for healing to take place.
Truth is always the same for all men who learn.
Truth is always the strongest argument.
Truth is always truth.
Truth is always universal, lovable and recognizable.
Truth is always, always the same.
Truth is an absolute certainty.
Truth is an absolute defense to a defamation claim.
Truth is an absolute defense to a libel charge.
Truth is an absolute defense to libel.
Truth is an absolute defense.
Truth is an absolute.
Truth is an absolutely essential part of the relationships among the growing family membership.
Truth is an almost perfect defense in a libel suit.
Truth is an elusive thing.
Truth is an empty room furnished by each succeeding generation.
Truth is an end in itself.
Truth is an essential nature of deity, for the only reason to lie is out of fear, shame, or greed.
Truth is an eternal conversation about things that matter, conducted with passion and discipline.
Truth is an event.
Truth is an ever-changing idea written by the popular culture.
Truth is an excellent match between reality and opinion.
Truth is an exercise of power.
Truth is an expression of feelings , rather than theories or beliefs.
Truth is an expression of present, personal reality .
Truth is an extremely powerful weapon in the warfare against ignorance, poverty and sin.
Truth is an ideal - ethereal, unattainable.
Truth is an individual thing.
Truth is an intellectual value pattern.
Truth is an invisible reality.
Truth is an offence.
Truth is an universal thing.
Truth is anchored in a person.
Truth is another building block.
Truth is another story.
Truth is another thing worth fighting for.
Truth is any one can learn how to fly.
Truth is arrived at by utilizing special revelation as well as reason and sense perception.
Truth is as ancient as the universe.
Truth is as basic to life as it is to news reporting.
Truth is as impossible to be soiled by any outward touch as the sunbeam.
Truth is as subjective as reality.
Truth is as unlikely as fiction.
Truth is associated with tougher qualities like justice and integrity.
Truth is at risk.
Truth is at stake.
Truth is at the heart of integrity.
Truth is at work only in movement.
Truth is attained primarily in an interior judgment of the mind.
Truth is attained thanks also to others, in dialogue with others and on behalf of others.
Truth is available to any person.
Truth is available.
Truth is bad things, unexpected things and mistakes happen.
Truth is based in facts or events.
Truth is based on experience, and experience is a subjective thing.
Truth is based on our understanding of facts.
Truth is based on personal experience and perception.
Truth is beautiful in itself.
Truth is beautiful, and beauty is only skin deep.
Truth is beautiful.
Truth is beauty .
Truth is beauty, beauty truth, even in programming.
Truth is beauty.
Truth is better than deceit, and honesty fosters trust and a sense of security.
Truth is better than facts.
Truth is better.
Truth is between all things.
Truth is beyond all rational description.
Truth is beyond time and space, cause and effect.
Truth is bigger than truth.
Truth is bitter but never ashamed.
Truth is bitter.
Truth is bivalent.
Truth is bliss.
Truth is born of experience, and tested over time.
Truth is born to die.
Truth is both immanent and transcendent.
Truth is both objective and subjective, but neither positive nor relative.
Truth is brain food.
Truth is broader than any one expression or proposition.
Truth is broader than any theological system.
Truth is brutal only when it is a partial truth or when it is meant to cause pain.
Truth is buried in the process.
Truth is but a woman, adorned in white A child in waiting like a mystic bride.
Truth is by definition narrow.
Truth is certainly a branch of morality and a very important one to society.
Truth is certainly different.
Truth is certainly the first victim of war.
Truth is chaos.
Truth is clear from falsehood.
Truth is comfort.
Truth is compartmentalized.
Truth is compelling when it is real-ized.
Truth is complexs.
Truth is comprehended and retained more easily than before.
Truth is concepts.
Truth is confined to no age and to no country.
Truth is considered an absolute defense.
Truth is consistent and grounding.
Truth is consistent.
Truth is constant and eternal.
Truth is constant, so the dharma provides some stability in our life.
Truth is convincing and courage is contagious.
Truth is correct knowledge as opposed to false knowledge.
Truth is correspondence to reality.
Truth is counterfeit.
Truth is courage.
Truth is covered by a golden vessel.
Truth is created among community and self.
Truth is critical to a dying patient, and America is gravely ill.
Truth is critical to identify and to becoming responsible, mature adults.
Truth is crucified.
Truth is culturally and historically conditioned.
Truth is dangerous to any party or faction.
Truth is dead fish sink to the bottom of the tank.
Truth is dear.
Truth is defined as fact or facts, matter or circumstance as it really is.
Truth is defined by each individual and the community of which they are a part.
Truth is defined by most people as being that which actually exists and has reality.
Truth is defined by parents and by teachers.
Truth is definitely a concept of our making.
Truth is definitely stranger than fiction.
Truth is denied because emotion pushes it aside.
Truth is denied more than it is hidden.
Truth is derived by logical deduction from self-evident principles.
Truth is determined by comparing alternative findings in relationship to agreed objectives or goals.
Truth is determined by personal experience rather than the clear teaching of Scripture.
Truth is determined by that which corresponds to the present state of affairs.
Truth is determined by that which is internally and logically consistent.
Truth is different for different folks.
Truth is different for each individual.
Truth is different from knowledge, just as it is different from belief.
Truth is direction, pointing a way, a straightening force.
Truth is discerned as it resonates widely within the seeking community.
Truth is discovered through multiple versions of experience.
Truth is divinity.
Truth is divorced from concealment.
Truth is dressed in metaphor and played as a game.
Truth is dynamic and vital.
Truth is easy and simple.
Truth is either tautology or approximation.
Truth is elusive or non-existent.
Truth is elusive, a matter of faith more than proof.
Truth is empowering And to speak the truth is to overcome the fear of death.
Truth is enacted in voice.
Truth is endless.
Truth is energy, and it wants to be free.
Truth is enormous and truth is owned by the perceiver.
Truth is entirely independent of the individual.
Truth is ephemeral at best.
Truth is equally and firmly established throughout the Torah as the first middle and last letter.
Truth is essential for democratic life.
Truth is essential to the enterprise.
Truth is essential.
Truth is eternal and unchanging.
Truth is eternal, knowledge is changeable.
Truth is eternal.
Truth is Eternal.
Truth is evasive and powerless.
Truth is even more important where the welfare of our souls is involved.
Truth is ever peace and joy producing.
Truth is ever present.
Truth is ever the same for all.
Truth is evergreen, and ever new.
Truth is everything.
Truth is everywhere.
Truth is exact correspondence with reality.
Truth is exactly that- unfiltered information.
Truth is exclusive.
Truth is existential openness that spans our birthday and day of death.
Truth is expressed in most of the world's major religions, cultures and customs.
Truth is expressed in the form of an affidavit.
Truth is fact, that which is real.
Truth is facts.
Truth is false.
Truth is far more interesting than fiction.
Truth is far stranger than fiction.
Truth is fiction.
Truth is fire, and to speak the truth means to illuminate and burn.
Truth is first victim.
Truth is fixed, but lies never diminish in circulating, but always increase.
Truth is fluid.
Truth is for accounta nts and pissed-off girlfriends.
Truth is for one and for all.
Truth is forever Heartaches are clever.
Truth is forever on the scaffold and error ever on the throne.
Truth is formless.
Truth is found in the strangest places.
Truth is found only in Jesus, a person.
Truth is found out there in the vomit of bums and the tears of the oppressor, man .
Truth is freedom and truth is also eternal.
Truth is freedom.
Truth Is Freedom.
Truth is fresh and alive, always for the first time.
Truth is frightening, terrifying.
Truth is funnier than fiction.
Truth IS funnier than fiction.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
Truth is given in order to be obeyed.
Truth is good information.
Truth is good, but discovering it is expensive.
Truth is good, but too much of it without love leaves people cold.
Truth is good.
Truth is good.
Truth is hang-nails crying out for silver clippers cleaned by rain.
Truth is hard to find today.
Truth is hard to love.
Truth is hard when it comes to domestic abuse.
Truth is hard.
Truth is hated and suppressed creating tyranny.
Truth is healthy, rhetoric by itself anything but.
Truth is held fast in dirty cracks.
Truth is here of no value.
Truth is hidden and falsehood is lauded.
Truth is hidden by the silt and polluted waters of racism.
Truth is high, higher yet is truthful living.
Truth is higher than every thing, but higher still is truthful living.
Truth is higher than justice.
Truth is highly relational.
Truth is highly subjective in Sag, the victim of ideology and opinion rather than fact.
Truth is honesty, fair play and adherence to the cardinal virtues.
Truth is how creation works.
Truth is immortal speech, it is an ancient law.
Truth is immutable.
Truth is important for all.
Truth is important.
Truth is in conformity to fact or reality.
Truth is in detail.
Truth is in order to holiness.
Truth is in shades of gray.
Truth is in the meeting place between dynamic poles .
Truth is in the middle.
Truth is in the motive.
Truth is in trouble.
Truth is in what is - and that is the beauty of it.
Truth is incarnate, both word and deed.
Truth is incidental.
Truth is incontrovertible.
Truth is indeed an endangered species.
Truth is indeed stranger than fiction, at times.
Truth is indeed stranger than fiction, more prosaic too.
Truth is indeed stranger than fiction.
Truth is independent of belief.
Truth is independent of whim.
Truth is individual.
Truth is indivisible.
Truth is ineffable by man or god.
Truth is inevitably paradoxical to the intellect one reason for wisdom to be incommunicable.
Truth is infinite, so it is beyond finite man to discover it absolutely.
Truth is infinitely more important than the false unity of the world.
Truth is influenced by knowledge, cultural bias, gender bias, etc.
Truth is information, indeed.
Truth is integrity.
Truth is intersubjective validation.
Truth is irrelevant.
Truth is irreparable harm.
Truth is it felt good, the chase, the catch, the physical promiscuity.
Truth is it's own witness.
Truth is itself both desirable and beautiful.
Truth is just another misconception.
Truth is just as essential to nourish the mind as is food to nourish the body.
Truth is just as important.
Truth is just for the being and is the sight for seeing then.
Truth is just superstition with car keys.
Truth is justice, fair play, adherence to the fundamental laws of ethics.
Truth is justice, moral rightness.
Truth is kept in our heart.
Truth is knowledge and falsity is ignorance.
Truth is known by Being.
Truth is known when one turns within, in all circumstances.
Truth is labeled falsehood and grievous sin has become the established normality.
Truth is learned.
Truth is less important than victory.
Truth is life and falsity is spiritual death.
Truth is life and like all living things it grows and dies.
Truth is life is a series of events which bear somesemblance to life cyle.
Truth is life, and life is the light.
Truth is life.
Truth is life's most priceless commodity.
Truth is light and brings forth life.
Truth is like a ladder.
Truth is like a soft, warm rain that falls on everyone.
Truth is like a tragedy.
Truth is like a Tragedy.
Truth is like a trolley car that, to operate, has to run in alternating directions.
Truth is like armor.
Truth is like gravity.
Truth is like light.
Truth is like the ice.
Truth is like the pearl of great price.
Truth is like the sun.
Truth is limitless.
Truth is literally verification.
Truth is lived when one learns to act effortlessly, from the heart of each experience.
Truth is local.
Truth is located in axioms.
Truth is located in bibles.
Truth is lost in the night.
Truth is lovable.
Truth is Love and Light.
Truth is love talking.
Truth is Love.
Truth is loved and sought after and embraced.
Truth is made up of ideas.
Truth is many people are complicit with the maintenance and perpetuation of hatred.
Truth is men wander and children resent gold tarnishes and imagination in the end, looses steam.
Truth is mightier than the sword.
Truth is modeled after a scientific hypothesis.
Truth is momentary and it is eternal.
Truth is more , and trust is more than that .
Truth is more a matter of convenience than of veracity.
Truth is more complex.
Truth is more fascinating than fiction.
Truth is more important than comfort.
Truth is more important than expression.
Truth is more important than impact.
Truth is more important than our little positions.
Truth is more important than our own egos and reputations.
Truth is more important than pride.
Truth is more important than quantity.
Truth is more important than techniques.
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
Truth is more precious than all besides.
Truth is more than arranging a system of doctrines.
Truth is more than assembling facts and information.
Truth is more than data to be intellectually assimilated.
Truth is more than just a matter of vision.
Truth is more than just doctrine.
Truth is more than just gathering facts.
Truth is more than real things, events, and facts.
Truth is more than truth-speaking.
Truth is mortar, Without it a wall is nothing more than a stack of bricks.
Truth is most important.
Truth is mother moon staring from behind and beyond pioneer peak and from behind grad mama spruce.
Truth is much like a balance beam.
Truth is multifaceted and presumably includes more than whole integers.
Truth is mysterious, elusive, always to be conquered.
Truth is mysterious, elusive, ever to be won anew.
Truth is narrow and absolute.
Truth is narrow and restrictive.
Truth is narrow, but untruth is wide and popular.
Truth is narrow, by definition.
Truth is narrow.
Truth is needed again.
Truth is negation of all fancied possession.
Truth is neither relative nor subjective, but is absolute and objective.
Truth is neither the property nor raw material of the press.
Truth is never contradictory to itself.
Truth is never contradictory.
Truth is never dependant upon consensus of opinion.
Truth is never in conflict with charity.
Truth is never on the defensive.
Truth is never stranger than fiction when it comes to daytime drama plot lines.
Truth is never to be sacrificed on the altars of feeling and love .
Truth is no defense.
Truth is no enemy of compassion, and falsehood is no friend.
Truth is no longer a defence.
Truth is no longer identifiable, nor is it even desired.
Truth is no one knows for sure.
Truth is no one needs a coach.
Truth is no respecter of persons.
Truth is no stranger to fiction .
Truth is no trifle.
Truth is no, and never has been, established by human majorities.
Truth is non-denominational.
Truth is nothing but the statistic consensus of academe corrupted to their hearts.
Truth is notoriously difficult to grasp.
Truth is now always from the standpoint of individuals.
Truth is now hard to come by in our society.
Truth is nowhere to be found and whoever shuns evil becomes a prey.
Truth is objective and pre-existent to the search for it.
Truth is objective in nature, but our interpretation of it is far from perfect.
Truth is objective.
Truth is obviously immortal as is the knowledge of how to heal.
Truth is of a rougher strain.
Truth is of eternal quality.
Truth is often a compromise.
Truth is often something much bigger than merely the accuracy of details.
Truth is often stranger than fiction.
Truth is often stranger, and more disturbing, than fiction.
Truth is often the exact opposite of what the masses believe.
Truth is often times uncomfortable.
Truth is often too hard to bear.
Truth is often ugly and unkind.
Truth is omnipotent and immortal.
Truth is omnipresent.
Truth is on our side they shout from left to right.
Truth is on our side they shout from right to left.
Truth is on the scaffold, and wrong is on the throne.
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
Truth is on their side.
Truth is one and indivisible throughout the world.
Truth is one and is a principle ruling both nature and the human world.
Truth is one and is called in many terms.
Truth is one but falsehood has ten thousand by-paths.
Truth is one in all religions, and by means of it the unity of the world can be realized.
Truth is one man's comedy is another's toothache.
Truth is one of the great casualties of the modern media era.
Truth is one of the pillars of faith.
Truth is One paths are many.
Truth is one term that has suffered sorely.
Truth is one, and without division.
Truth is one, but the sages call it by many names.
Truth is one, homogeneous, eternal substance.
Truth is one, indivisible and universal.
Truth is One, Paths are Many.
Truth is one, sages call it by various names.
Truth is one, the wise call It by various names.
Truth is one, yet there are many ways of falsifying or of denying it.
Truth is 'ONE'.
Truth is one.
Truth is One.
Truth is only a recipient of life, that is, of good.
Truth is only genuinely true when there is what is good within it.
Truth IS only in relation to something.
Truth is only in the heart.
Truth is only incidental.
Truth is only now.
Truth is only one but the sages call it by different names.
Truth is only relation, nothing more, nothing less.
Truth is only the process of approaching it.
Truth is only truth if it is seen on the level of consciousness where it exists.
Truth is open to inquiry and investigation.
Truth is opinion that conforms to reality.
Truth is our criteria.
Truth is our girdle holding our valuables.
Truth is our greatest weapon and so let's use it.
Truth is our guide.
Truth is our light body.
Truth is our only salvation.
Truth is our surest guide.
Truth is our ultimate goal.
Truth is our weapon and our survivors are the principal bearers of that truth.
Truth is our worship.
Truth is out there and accepted.
Truth is out there and in here.
Truth is out there.
Truth is owned by everyone.
Truth is passion rather than a tradition.
Truth is patient.
Truth is peace.
Truth is perceived by individual effort alone.
Truth is perceived, rather than experienced directly.
Truth is permanent.
Truth is personal and relational.
Truth is personified as love is.
Truth is physical , word a lie.
Truth is physically true as well as psychologically or spiritually true.
Truth is plural and contingent.
Truth is power.
Truth is powerful against evil only when there is love within it.
Truth is preferable to deception.
Truth is present everywhere.
Truth is primary.
Truth is probably an issue of predominance instead of an either-or situation in most cases.
Truth is proclaimed without mature understanding and applied without sensitivity.
Truth is progressive and uplifting, while evolution is regressive and destructive.
Truth is propositional, and one is saved and sanctified only through believing true statements.
Truth is proved in practice.
Truth is punished by censorship, economic reprisal, and sometimes death.
Truth is pure and strong, and nothing can cause it to fail.
Truth is purely an intellectual object.
Truth is purely subjective.
Truth is purity.
Truth is quantal, compenetrating plurality.
Truth is radically relativistic in postmodern thinking.
Truth is real.
Truth is reality - the reality of something.
Truth is reality and reality is what concerns the humanist.
Truth is reality and the only safe place to be.
Truth is reality in relation to the vital interests of the soul.
Truth is reality instead of opinion or appearance.
Truth is reality.
Truth is reasonable.
Truth is recognized.
Truth is relational.
Truth is relative to one's culture.
Truth is relative to the level of experience.
Truth is relative to the person's point of view.
Truth is relative to time and to the capacity of the hearer.
Truth is relative, and each group or individual decides for themselves what is true.
Truth is relative.
Truth is relatives.
Truth is relatives.
Truth is reliability.
Truth is reliable information.
Truth is revealed and does exist.
Truth is revealed by the Holy Spirit, and our spiritual blindness gradually starts to lift.
Truth is revealed gradually, while situations resolve themselves halfway, and never easily.
Truth is revealed to a pure mind.
Truth is revealed.
Truth is revered for helping to lead the call for the end of slavery.
Truth is rhetorical.
Truth is ridiculous to men.
Truth is righteousness.
Truth is ROVs are better for sonar survey work and taking pictures.
Truth is sacred.
Truth is sadder than data rights saga.
Truth is said to be stranger than fiction.
Truth is scarce and hard to find.
Truth is scarce.
Truth is scarier than fiction.
Truth is science and is sold at random and randomness is now truth.
Truth is seen as consisting in facts, and knowledge is the accumulation of facts.
Truth is seen as humiliating and destructive, which is the dead man's sick joke.
Truth is seen as less absolute in some domains and many disciplines.
Truth is self-authenticating.
Truth is self-evident.
Truth is shaded by dissembling.
Truth is shared from the heart.
Truth is shorter than fiction.
Truth is shown by evidence.
Truth is simple and sweet.
Truth is simple and the truth affirmations given in the book are simple.
Truth is simple and there is no ambiguity in it.
Truth is simple More basic, more wide-spanning, or more useful truths are usually more simple.
Truth is simple, but no moral system is ever complex enough.
Truth is simple.
Truth is Simple.
Truth is simply a matter of personal opinion and morality a matter of mere personal taste.
Truth is simply a non-issue.
Truth is simply accurate information about something that exists.
Truth is skewed.
Truth is sky high above the hypnotic spell of cunning human personality.
Truth is slightly different.
Truth is slippery.
Truth is so freeing.
Truth is so generic.
Truth is so important.
Truth is so large, so far-reaching, so deep, so broad, that self is lost sight of.
Truth is so luringly beautiful.
Truth is so much stranger than fiction.
Truth is so simple, a child can understand.
Truth is sold wholesale for black sheep.
Truth is something present and immediate.
Truth is something that is enfleshed.
Truth is something that is free of lies or fabrication.
Truth is something that survives the test of time.
Truth is something unattainable.
Truth is something which is discovered in community.
Truth is sometimes like medicine.
Truth is sometimes painful.
Truth is sometimes stranger than fiction.
Truth is sometimes stranger than non-fiction.
Truth is sometimes unpleasant.
Truth is sought by bringing the antithesis into conflict with the thesis.
Truth is sought in the drama within, and the powers without.
Truth is spiritual and is life in the spirit.
Truth is spiritual light.
Truth is spoken and lived by trustworthy men and women.
Truth is stanger than fiction.
Truth is starnger than fiction.
Truth is statements.
Truth is steadfast and elevating.
Truth is still active today.
Truth is still representational.
Truth is still truth when couched in Catholic language and symbols.
Truth is still truth, sin is still sin, hell is still burning and heaven is still shining.
Truth is still truth.
Truth is strange sometimes.
Truth is stranger and more organized than fiction.
Truth is stranger and more startling than fiction.
Truth is stranger than fiction and sometimes it's funnier too.
Truth is stranger than fiction and usually more embarrassing.
Truth is stranger than fiction because fiction has to make sense to the author.
Truth is stranger than fiction because it is less frequently told.
Truth is stranger than fiction sometimes.
Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but urban legends are an in-box nuisance.
Truth is stranger than fiction, even in the world of professional fundraising.
Truth is stranger than fiction, fiction has to make sense.
Truth is stranger than fiction, here more than ever.
Truth is stranger than fiction, man.
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Truth IS stranger than fiction.
Truth is stranger than media.
Truth is stranger that fiction.
Truth is stranger then fiction.
Truth is strong.
Truth is stronger than any outward form of power.
Truth is stronger than lies and perjury.
Truth is stronger than lies.
Truth is subjective and strongly influenced by time and context.
Truth is subjective.
Truth is subjectivity.
Truth is such a rare thing, it is delightful to tell it.
Truth is such a touchstone.
Truth is such an awful shock.
Truth is superior to man's wisdom.
Truth is superseded by the small print.
Truth is supposed to be good.
Truth is supreme.
Truth is sure taking a major hit in the current election situation.
Truth is synonymous with good.
Truth is synonymous with great art.
Truth is that day to day events assume an inordinate degree of importance.
Truth is that dot comers are hungry for information on how to get ahead in business.
Truth is that every dealer is different.
Truth is that it varies case by case.
Truth is that knowledge which becomes one with being.
Truth is that many innovative and unusual approaches to banner exchanging can be found here.
Truth is that many of the nations sportswriters called it the Super Bowl right from the start.
Truth is that moderation is sometimes the worst of all policies.
Truth is that no one knows.
Truth is that one of the main bad guys is a psych.
Truth is that real awakening is return of Holy Spirit into our Body and everyday life.
Truth is that the best team of the tournament won the trophy.
Truth is that the man never went away.
Truth is that there is and has been an oil glut.
Truth is that way.
Truth is that which corresponds to reality as it is perceived by the senses.
Truth is that which is real or statements about what is really the case.
Truth is that which is real.
Truth is that which is solid and firm.
Truth is that which is true in the pure logic of the mind, regardless of appearances.
Truth is that which is.
Truth is that which leads to life.
Truth is that which lies in a dimension beyond the reach of thought.
Truth is that which never changes.
Truth is that which satisfies human needs and interests in a social way.
Truth is that which underlies all transience.
Truth is that which works.
Truth is the ability to bring the universe down and apply it to human activities.
Truth is the absolute defense against liability for defamation.
Truth is the affidavit of a witness or the judgment of a jury.
Truth is the affirmation of the myths that define our world.
Truth is the agreement between a statement and a state of affairs.
Truth is the answer to the highest form of freedom.
Truth is the basic law of life.
Truth is the basis of human freedom and the source of human effectiveness.
Truth is the basis of our common world.
Truth is the beginning and end, the substance, of material existence.
Truth is the beginning of every good thing.
Truth is the beginning of knowledge.
Truth is the best armour to fight evil in life.
Truth is the best course, but if few hear that truth, then evil triumphs.
Truth is the best defense against libel, but knowing it and proving it are two things.
Truth is the best defense.
Truth is the best guarantor and the real foundation for freedom and democracy.
Truth is the best in comparison.
Truth is the center that goes unheeded in the mind of mankind.
Truth is the communicated representation of unified reality.
Truth is the compass of their lives.
Truth is the conformity of mind with reality.
Truth is the conformity to fact or actuality.
Truth is the core of Christian faith.
Truth is the correspondence between thought and reality.
Truth is the creator of fellowship.
Truth is the criterion for a free press.
Truth is the cry of all, but the game of the few.
Truth is the crystallization, so to speak, that results from the combined elements.
Truth is the daughter of time.
Truth is the defense against charges of defamation.
Truth is the degree to which a statement corresponds with reality.
Truth is the empty tomb and a new creation for all humanity.
Truth is the enemy of a good bargain.
Truth is the enemy of liberalism.
Truth is the enemy of peace in the Middle East .
Truth is the essence of justice.
Truth is the essence of life, for truth endureth beyond the death of the body.
Truth is the essential foundation of good business, good government, and good science.
Truth is the expression of love and is therefore always the necessary healing and loving action.
Truth is the fire that burns our chains.
Truth is the first casualty in elections.
Truth is the first casualty in Hollywood's war,'' The Daily Telegraph chimed in.
Truth is the first casualty in the war of ideology.
Truth is the first casualty in war.
Truth is the first casualty of a war.
Truth is the first casualty of any war.
Truth is the first casualty of cyberwar.
Truth is the first casualty of the spin cycle.
Truth is the first casualty of war, but sometimes it survives.
Truth is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Truth is the first mentioned, because it is the most vital, it is the basis for everything else.
Truth is the first thing necessary to create trust in our relationships.
Truth is the first thing that present-day literature lacks.
Truth is the first victim in the Christian apologetical literature.
Truth is the first weapon of our warfare.
Truth is the foundation of all knowledge and the cement of all societies.
Truth is the foundation of any church, and therefore, the greatest enemy of any church is falsity.
Truth is the foundation of speech and all words are founded on truth.
Truth is the foundation of the universe.
Truth is the foundation on which precepts and examples are built upon.
Truth is the gateway to the Kingdom of God.
Truth is the glue that holds government together.
Truth is the goal of religious faith and scientific investigation.
Truth is the goal.
Truth is the good.
Truth is the greatest healer.
Truth is the greatest tool in the struggle against oppression.
Truth is the harvest scythe .
Truth is the highest of savors.
Truth is the imperative.
Truth is the interpretation of the facts.
Truth is the key to success, fulfillment, victory, or achieving any worthwhile goal.
Truth is the land belongs to the American people and the horses have a right to be there.
Truth is the law of freedom, falsehood the law of slavery and death.
Truth is the lifeblood of a free society and the foundation stone of a free press.
Truth is the Light of Love.
Truth is the light of the mind.
Truth is the light which removes darkness of ignorance, prejudice and hatred.
Truth is the linguistic equivalent of Reality.
Truth is the marking down in words the agreement or disagreement of ideas as it is.
Truth is the marking down inwords the agreement or disagreement of ideas as it is.
Truth is the mathematical equation or the scientific formula.
Truth is the means and the goal ultimate.
Truth is the MOST effective weapon against lies.
Truth is the most holy virtue.
Truth is the most important part of an ad.
Truth is the most practical course of all.
Truth Is The Name.
Truth is the natural stimulus of the mind, and especially truth that reveals moral obligation.
Truth is the notion that is applied.
Truth is the nursing mother of genius.
Truth is the only basis for reconciliation.
Truth is the only criteria.
Truth is the only doorway out.
Truth is the only reliable check on power.
Truth is the only road to freedom.
Truth is the only source of goodness, and goodness is the truth and test of truth.
Truth is the only thing that is Personal.
Truth is the only way to teach children.
Truth is the ornament for speech.
Truth is the pearl without price.
Truth is the perfect circle.
Truth is the piller and establishment of the church.
Truth is the point at which faith and reason meet.
Truth is the precise correspondence of the knowable with the known.
Truth is the province of the trial judge and the jury.
Truth is the queen of virtues.
Truth is the residue of the process of refinement.
Truth is the revelation and intuitive recognition of the way itself.
Truth is the roach of journalism, a lowly, inconsistent bug that always shows up eventually.
Truth is the road map for negotiating the difficult challenges of life.
Truth is the road to reconciliation.
Truth is the root of all noble virtues.
Truth is the safest lie.
Truth is the same thing to the understanding as music to the ear or beauty to the eye.
Truth is the same yesterday, today and forever.
Truth is the set of all true statements.
Truth is the solution to all psychological problems, all mental confusion, and all unhappiness.
Truth is the sound of one frog croaking.
Truth is the Spiritual glue that bonds it all together.
Truth is the standard by which they can judge their lives.
Truth is the standard of excellence.
Truth is the strength of Love.
Truth is the substance and reality of life.
Truth is the sum of reason, logic, compassion and understanding.
Truth is the summit of being.
Truth is the supreme virtue.
Truth is the sword of justice.
Truth is the thing.
Truth is the third rail of American politics.
Truth is the tool of change, the means to a new life.
Truth is the true spirit of mental hygiene.
Truth is the truth and that s all there is to that.
Truth is the truth of our experience.
Truth is the ultimate defense in any libel case.
Truth is the ultimate goal.
Truth is the ultimate solution.
Truth is the ultimate test of character and the twin to truth is trust.
Truth is the universal dissolver.
Truth is the very foundation of our American form of representative democracy.
Truth is the way to salvation while falsehood is the way to destruction.
Truth is the way.
Truth is the weapon of authority then.
Truth is the wellspring from which all genuine worship flows.
Truth is the word of the land.
Truth is the word passed back and forth between opposing groups.
Truth is the word that is used to contrast the equally elusive concept of illusion.
Truth is their disguise.
Truth is there are great sports moments happening everyday around the world.
Truth is there to be discovered based on the strongest available evidence.
Truth is there, and humans can know it all.
Truth is there. .
Truth is therefore relative rather than absolute.
Truth is therefore the ultimate weapon in the spiritual warfare of Christian recovery.
Truth is there's no better place to enjoy a cigarette.
Truth is they are absolutely right.
Truth is they are.
Truth is they come out naturally.
Truth is they have absolutely no qualification other than an anal, persistent style.
Truth is they more often see something just forgettable.
Truth is they're going off to become cyber scribes or just do something else with their lives.
Truth is things got strange and unpleasant.
Truth is though, they are largely unimportant to one attempting to enjoy the film.
Truth is thus a property of a statement.
Truth is thus one kind of conformity, and the essence of all truth is likeness.
Truth is thy armor and virtue thy shield.
Truth is timeless.
Truth is to be deconstructed.
Truth is to be established by at least two witnesses.
Truth is to be found in all disciplines and each has something to contribute to the total picture.
Truth is to be found in the change itself.
Truth is to be given on top of one of the mountains.
Truth is to be observed in speech, mind, and deed.
Truth is to be realized both through knowledge and experience.
Truth is to use.
Truth is too big for any one man or church to hold.
Truth is too final, too closed, too imperial.
Truth is too important to be casually, mindlessly, taken for granted.
Truth is tossed about in search of understanding.
Truth is tough.
Truth is trackless territory to which mere documents provide misleading maps.
Truth is transparent.
Truth is true and nothing else is true.
Truth is true only when posited by individuals.
Truth is True, but interpretation can be wrong.
Truth is truly stranger than fiction.
Truth is truth . . .
Truth is truth always and ever to the day of doom.
Truth is truth and admits of no division.
Truth is truth and right is right.
Truth is truth and there is no changing it.
Truth is truth and there is no substitute for it, no matter what seemingly appears to alter it.
Truth is truth because it is true, or because it is so.
Truth is truth from any pulpit, and the spiritual hunger can only be filled by correct doctrine.
Truth is truth irrespective of the source from which it comes.
Truth is truth regardless of the source.
Truth is truth whether it is learned empirically or by divine revelation.
Truth is truth, regardless of who holds it.
Truth is truth.
Truth is Truth.
Truth is twelve years old.
Truth is twisted in the service of private property.
Truth is ugly, meaningless and depressing.
Truth is ugly.
Truth is ultimately a statement.
Truth is unalterable, eternal and unambiguous.
Truth is unalterable, eternal, and unambiguous.
Truth is unchanging and beyond the visible world.
Truth is unchanging.
Truth is unconvinced by the facts on the ground.
Truth is undefinable and infinitely elusive.
Truth is undefinable.
Truth is undeniable.
Truth is understood apart from absolutes.
Truth is understood as disconnected facts rather than as a connected framework.
Truth is unequivocal, unchanging and absolute.
Truth is universal and eternal.
Truth is universal and there is a lot of good truth in here.
Truth is universal in poetry, and fundamental in ethics, too.
Truth is universal.
Truth is unknowable.
Truth is unknown.
Truth is unnecessary, justice is hard to find.
Truth is unobtainable when dealing with the metaphysical.
Truth is unwelcome.
Truth is used in our lives.
Truth is usually a casualty.
Truth is usually offensive to someone.
Truth is usually paradoxical.
Truth is usually stranger than fiction.
Truth is usually the same old story.
Truth is usually what men choose to call it rather than what it really is.
Truth is utterly public.
Truth is versatile that way.
Truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it lightly.
Truth is victorious, never untruth.
Truth is vindicated.
Truth is virtue.
Truth is vital to the function of American jurisprudence.
Truth is vitally important.
Truth is vivified in the very ministry of expression.
Truth is waiting here to be discovered, it offers itself in the mundane guise of bread and wine.
Truth is wealth, and a life of truth is happiness.
Truth is weirdoes are normally quite funny, worth a quick a browse.
Truth is well known to be the first casualty in war.
Truth is what a judge or jury says is the truth.
Truth is what a master creates moment by moment.
Truth is what continues a relationship.
Truth is what corresponds to reality.
Truth is what endures.
Truth is what every investigator strives to find.
Truth is what first makes possible presupposing.
Truth is what is and needs no agreement so to be.
Truth is what is generally accepted to be true or accepted to be demonstrated.
Truth is what is needed and that seems to be lacking in the pro-vaccination literature.
Truth is what is.
Truth is what it appears to be to the individual.
Truth is what it is, with or without a right response to it on our part.
Truth is what it is.
Truth is what it's about.
Truth is what makes fiction possible.
Truth is what one thinks of.
Truth is what people least want to hear.
Truth is what people want to hear.
Truth is what remains unchanged over time.
Truth is what stands the test of experience.
Truth is what the censor fears.
Truth is what the individual decides it is.
Truth is what the moment calls for.
Truth is what the scientific community says it is.
Truth is what true believers stand on.
Truth is what works and learning is verifying.
Truth is what works in the real world.
Truth is what works.
Truth is whatever correctly describes that liquid.
Truth is whatever scripture says, regardless of any amount of evidence to the contrary.
Truth is whatever works.
Truth is what's considered important.
Truth is what's hard.
Truth is within.
Truth is wont to conquer even with few words.
Truth is worth a little pain.
Truth is worth more than life itself for the freedom fighters.
Truth is worth the effort to uphold.
Truth is wrapped up in infinitesimal details.
Truth is written there.
Truth is, a lot of folks feel the same way.
Truth is, a lot of Japanese moms and dads feel the same.
Truth is, a lot of the time, propaganda is just mind-numbingly boring.
Truth is, a waiting list starts to emerge almost right away.
Truth is, absolutely nothing was resolved.
Truth is, according to Venezuelan historians, there was little of colonial Caracas to begin with.
Truth is, ad agencies are often the last place to find good underwriting sales.
Truth is, adding closing cost to the loan is a bad move most of the time.
Truth is, after all, so dimly lit.
Truth is, after all, universal.
Truth is, after all, very restrictive.
Truth is, all administrations spend money.
Truth is, all the default settings work the best anyway.
Truth is, all the VCs are looking a little glassy-eyed.
Truth is, almost everyone's a racist and almost everyone hates immigrants.
Truth is, almost nobody knows what to do about such behavior.
Truth is, an economy needs efficiency as much in manufacturing as on the transaction side.
Truth is, anyone can be a futurist.
Truth is, as far as hip-hop is concerned, it's been weak for more than just the last year.
Truth is, bad things happen to both good and bad all the time.
Truth is, being a sprout requires no help from anyone.
Truth is, being in a band is hard work.
Truth is, beyond technology the web is about publishing.
Truth is, bowl eligible and bowl worthy are two entirely different animals.
Truth is, done right, most mergers work quite well.
Truth is, downtime is a significant cost of ownership for a messaging system.
Truth is, Earth has already reached the crisis.
Truth is, employees tend to stick with familiar passwords that are often easy to steal.
Truth is, even the computer people had to work hard to get where they are.
Truth is, even under the best of circumstances, raising a kid is a difficult job with no guarantees.
Truth is, every crankbait has an optimum speed at which it performs best.
Truth is, everyone has to eat.
Truth is, everyone is to blame.
Truth is, finding cash breaks the happy mood created by dreaming about remodeling.
Truth is, finding the correct scientific name for most insects is a chore for scientists too.
Truth is, fish hang out where they do for good reasons.
Truth is, folks.
Truth is, for right now, the damn thing is random.
Truth is, from the standpoint of nutrition, they re no better off drinking bottled water.
Truth is, future fortunes are tied to today's free frenzy.
Truth is, government has grown to depend on inflation for ever increasing revenue.
Truth is, guys, the most qualified and available persons are already in the center of the pen.
Truth is, here in Wisconsin and the Midwest, it's been a very hard sell.
Truth is, hospitals have always been more than just bricks and mortar.
Truth is, however, that good players angle their left foot out slightly.
Truth is, indeed, elusive.
Truth is, indeed, stranger than fiction.
Truth is, it actually happened three years earlier and three thousand miles southeast, in Oak Ridge.
Truth is, it barely had a pulse for most of the game.
Truth is, it goes well beyond.
Truth is, it has been all season.
Truth is, it included some very good ones.
Truth is, it just never does.
Truth is, it really doesn t matter.
Truth is, it started with the advantage of birth.
Truth is, it tastes rank.
Truth is, it was merely the easiest Morse code letter sequence to recognize.
Truth is, it was never designed to handle all the traffic and growth of today's Internet.
Truth is, it was ruled by a greased palm.
Truth is, it was three different men playing two different numbers.
Truth is, it works.
Truth is, it's a lot simpler than that.
Truth is, it's all a big yawn in terms of danger.
Truth is, it's almost as intriguing.
Truth is, it's an accepted part of music.
Truth is, it's crucial to getting anything done.
Truth is, it's fun to shop for apples in the fall in New England.
Truth is, it's neither.
Truth is, it's pretty disgusting.
Truth is, it's pretty easy to look like a photographer.
Truth is, it's probably a little of both.
Truth is, it's sometimes difficult to be sure.
Truth is, it's stupid to drive tipsy.
Truth is, it's the nature of the beast .
Truth is, just about everybody wants to be a millionaire.
Truth is, knife technology is pretty steadfast.
Truth is, law enforcement officers who have nothing to hide, have nothing to worry about.
Truth is, level and flow controls are crucial to the world's manufacturing environments.
Truth is, many car tires simply wear out before such damage can occur.
Truth is, many cases are worked with a cold sandwich and a thermos by our side.
Truth is, many hunters who visit public waterfowl hunting areas come away disappointed.
Truth is, many sites can better serve their organizations by being promotional vehicles.
Truth is, missile defense research is currently roaring along very fruitfully.
Truth is, most are staring at their computer screens praying another sale shows up sometime soon.
Truth is, most are.
Truth is, most day-hunt operations, package hunt outfitters and landowners are honest.
Truth is, most folks go to the best, already discovered sites.
Truth is, most haven t a clue as to why they are doing what they are.
Truth is, most high-tech IPOs go south.
Truth is, most kids who are missing show up later with an explanation.
Truth is, most monograms have no memorability, or spirit, attitude, message or promise.
Truth is, most new jobs are part time, with low pay and few benefits.
Truth is, most of North America's national parks are pretty uncrowded outside the summer season.
Truth is, most of our largest trout, and our most productive days are on helicopter fly outs.
Truth is, most people want to see a movie, rather than read it.
Truth is, most polls are showing very little change in the race.
Truth is, most potential readers had no chance of even seeing a copy.
Truth is, most species of fish are relatively short-lived and have a high rate of mortality.
Truth is, most students want to be eating healthier than they are.
Truth is, negotiations have been in process for months.
Truth is, neither one was able to raise enough money to begin a campaign.
Truth is, no can say for sure.
Truth is, no end has been found for the uses of hypnosis.
Truth is, no material proof has surfaced yet.
Truth is, no one does.
Truth is, no one is biting.
Truth is, no one is.
Truth is, no one knows for sure.
Truth is, no one knows what the XFL is going to be about.
Truth is, no one knows.
Truth is, no one really knows for sure.
Truth is, no one seems to know for sure.
Truth is, nobody has any answers.
Truth is, nobody knows who really said it.
Truth is, nobody needs to read it anymore.
Truth is, nobody wants to die.
Truth is, nothing at all is missing.
Truth is, nothing can love a woman like a man.
Truth is, nothing is totally secure.
Truth is, of course, the first casualty of war.
Truth is, once the summer season dies down, most of the interesting movies go away.
Truth is, one man's blasphemy is another man's religion.
Truth is, online publication can offer readers much more than print.
Truth is, only a few of y'all is really hoes.
Truth is, only a handful of women have become famous and wealthy in professional women's basketball.
Truth is, our government is the best it can be.
Truth is, people can actually be scared away by low prices.
Truth is, people legislate morality every day.
Truth is, people want to come out and see a product that's worthy of their time.
Truth is, planning is nor that difficult.
Truth is, poems are a lousy way to learn out about nature.
Truth is, portals are brilliant ideas.
Truth is, power comes from relaxed muscles, while mechanical thoughts create tension.
Truth is, power deregulation has gotten a bum rap.
Truth is, sex does sell.
Truth is, sex is innately and irrevocably the most intimate interaction between two human beings.
Truth is, sex is painful.
Truth is, some acts of violence are irreversible.
Truth is, some days it seems like nothing very interesting happens in the world.
Truth is, some guys have more money than brains.
Truth is, some notebooks have been getting heavier.
Truth is, some people adore traveling with their pets, and some pets like it, too.
Truth is, some pest is always bugging somebody.
Truth is, somebody exposed one of the queer guards.
Truth is, sometimes it's downright enjoyable.
Truth is, technology has made document-laden service industries, like the law, much easier for IPs.
Truth is, that literally happened.
Truth Is, The A poetic novel of issues that range from philosophy to prophecy.
Truth is, the African system raises the concept of shot placement to a whole new level.
Truth is, the band was always ahead of the great curve.
Truth is, the body only converts refined material into too much sugar.
Truth is, the college-educated auto mechanic is somewhat of a walking contradiction.
Truth is, the economic outlook is unusually murky right now.
Truth is, the effort was hastily conceived and clumsily launched.
Truth is, the fact that they sound as good as they do is to their tremendous credit.
Truth is, the facts are being concealed from the young people of today.
Truth is, the facts weigh heavily against their bias .
Truth is, the failures of the German capitalist economy have aggravated state budget problems.
Truth is, the grace often comes when the manure is the deepest, and both happen together.
Truth is, the hutch is included in the price.
Truth is, the job just got harder.
Truth is, the last two years are an aberration.
Truth is, the market had likely overestimated the potential appetite for optical equipment.
Truth is, the military needs to be stripped of all manner of gender-unfriendly trappings.
Truth is, the most successful entertainment is almost always unsettling on some level.
Truth is, the movie falls pretty flat and predictable.
Truth is, the nation-wide deployment of even the slow wireless Internet coverage is spotty at best.
Truth is, the networks are losing viewers steadily.
Truth is, the new cast out sings the old cast by a few miles.
Truth is, the open source concept deserves a better champion.
Truth is, the pressure can lock up an entire team of youngsters.
Truth is, the pulse of business is supply and demand.
Truth is, the quality of parenting makes a huge difference, too.
Truth is, the right age for a child to be toilet-trained depends on the child.
Truth is, the rumor mill is working well, almost too well.
Truth is, the spring pins are fine.
Truth is, the track is going full speed virtually all the time.
Truth is, the world of children's book publishing can be vague and contradictory.
Truth is, their rise to the top shows just how hard it is for musicians to make money, making music.
Truth is, there are a number of tools on the market designed to test effectiveness.
Truth is, there are always more revolutionaries after a revolution than during one.
Truth is, there are few amps that sing so well.
Truth is, there are great reasons to explore Finland in spring.
Truth is, there are lazy employees in both the public and private sectors.
Truth is, there are no rules.
Truth is, there are no shoulds.
Truth is, there are no silver bullets or quick fixes.
Truth is, there are plenty of flaws in Flawless .
Truth is, there are plenty of reasons why a biker qualifies for disabled plates.
Truth is, there are seniors who remember when food did, indeed, taste better.
Truth is, there are so many potential sources that it is impossible to devise a blanket solution.
Truth is, there is no better graphics computer on the market.
Truth is, there is no magical solution to succeeding in business.
Truth is, there is no one specific way to do it.
Truth is, there is no such discussion list.
Truth is, there is no sure way to success.
Truth is, there s no such thing as a typical small business.
Truth is, there was little of colonial Caracas to begin with.
Truth is, there was no aroma.
Truth is, there wont be a single, other than a radio promo.
Truth is, therefore, useful because it is true, it is true because it is useful.
Truth is, there's no conclusive proof that one is safer than the other.
Truth is, there's no non-controversial way to discuss subjects such as sin and repentance.
Truth is, there's no simple prescription.
Truth is, there's no way to protect our children from our culture.
Truth is, there's nothing in DNS that precludes a little .sex.
Truth is, they are the first to have legalized it.
Truth is, they can do it all.
Truth is, they have another job.
Truth is, they ll be different for everyone.
Truth is, they only make it if they have a proven record of generating income for films.
Truth is, they seem to have developed quite a fondness for the place in the past week.
Truth is, they're better than ever.
Truth is, they're getting massacred, brutally and indiscriminately.
Truth is, they're neither.
Truth is, though, it probably felt like a cool idea during the ten minutes drawing up the set list.
Truth is, though, that Yingying s own serves, footstamps and all, aren t so effective either.
Truth is, today is the biggest day in Oklahoma basketball history.
Truth is, tracking the Internet's diffusion is very slippery business.
Truth is, traditional dieting inevitably leads to increased fat gain over the long run.
Truth is, vapor carbs are the equivalent of the improved buggy whip.
Truth is, vegetarians are spread all over the political spectrum.
Truth is, war is a dirty, nasty business.
Truth is, what everybody has known for months has finally become public knowledge.
Truth is, what happened then matters now.
Truth is, what seems like a seamless technological marvel is more like a thriving jumble.
Truth is, when it comes to plain old moisturizers, there's only so much a product can do.
Truth is, Wisconsin is overwhelmingly German.
Truth is, women and men created and inherited our society together.
Truth is, working seniors are an important part of our national economy.
Truth isa fact.
Truth knows no boundaries.
Truth knows no compromise.
Truth knows no racial or geographical boundaries.
Truth leads to genuine living.
Truth leads to revelation, which leads to pain.
Truth leads to sanity and clear thinking.
Truth leads to the good self, the beauty of truthful knowledge.
Truth lies at the bottom of a well .
Truth lies between extremes.
Truth lies beyond the film text and individuals create their own truths.
Truth lies in as much in experience as in fact.
Truth lies in character.
Truth lies in the fiction, however, when what is told corresponds to reality.
Truth lies in the possibility for error.
Truth lies in the very thin layer, a layer like skin, that lies between fiction and reality.
Truth lies open to the view in depth beneath depth of almost blinding evidence.
Truth limits the mind to things as they are.
Truth lives eternally in full.
Truth lives in the darkest heart.
Truth looks just like rumor on a bathroom wall.
Truth loses nothing by closer re-examining.
Truth loves an appeal to the common sense of mankind.
Truth maintains an ever-expanding library of spiritual information.
Truth maintains an ever-expanding volume of spiritual information.
Truth makes authority.
Truth Makes Free.
Truth makes sense to people.
Truth manifests Itself.
Truth matters greatly.
Truth matters immensely.
Truth means it is conformable to fact.
Truth means little until it is applied to individual cases and needs.
Truth means nothing.
Truth means one.
Truth means the correspondence of a statement to reality.
Truth means the truth of experience.
Truth means, in many ways, being only one person.
Truth necessarily excludes error and contradiction.
Truth needs no cover of any sort.
Truth needs no defense.
Truth needs no flowers of speech.
Truth needs no such support.
Truth needs pictures added to the points.
Truth never changes and never requires a change.
Truth never changes.
Truth never comes where lust and fame and greed Of gain reside .
Truth never damages a cause that is just.
Truth never dies, but is only momentarily forgotten.
Truth never dies, but lives a wretched life.
Truth never dies.
Truth never fears investigation.
Truth never goes away.
Truth never hurts the teller.
Truth never loses by the one but often suffers by the other.
Truth never needs to fear investigation.
Truth never perishes.
Truth now appears to be what is said in court, or whatever serves our particular purposes.
Truth occupies the alethic pole of the intellectual sphere and beauty the aesthetic pole.
Truth only comes from a free media.
Truth only comes from within.
Truth only comes through revelation.
Truth only hurts if only a partial truth is accepted.
Truth ought also to be shared.
Truth paints a picture that brings pain and exposure to that which is wicked.
Truth plays no part in it.
Truth plays only a bit part in the proceedings.
Truth promotes excellence in our people, our work, and our products.
Truth proves elusive as facts and figures pile up in huge mountains.
Truth provides evidence which drives faith.
Truth Pump up the volume.
Truth really can be stranger than fiction - especially on the right.
Truth really is stranger than fiction sometimes.
Truth really is stranger than fiction.
Truth really is, as they say, stranger and more convoluted than fiction.
Truth refers to such a reality beyond the pale of a given system.
Truth relates to unchanging reality.
Truth relies upon the reader's discrimination.
Truth remains constant and is true for everybody for all the time.
Truth remains relevant in every situation.
Truth remains truth, even if it is surrounded by erroneous propositions and statements.
Truth remains truth, no matter how oft repeated.
Truth remains truth.
Truth remains, as does faith, art and law.
Truth remains, even in the hereafter.
Truth requires a consistent set of rituals too.
Truth requires evidence.
Truth requires investigation and discipline.
Truth requires no disguise.
Truth requires no such support.
Truth restores the body.
Truth reveals itself in excess.
Truth reveals itself naturally, gradually, step by step.
Truth reveals itself through Love.
Truth reveals to the soul the many traps, emotions, and desires that enslave it.
Truth rids the temple of all the lies and gimmicks that makes men great in their own eyes.
Truth scientifically means that one sees the reality as it is.
Truth scorns the assistance of wonders.
Truth seems required.
Truth seems to be easy to twist.
Truth seems to have evanesced.
Truth sells and honesty sells.
Truth sets people free.
Truth shapes our values.
Truth shines brighter when plainly contrasted with error.
Truth simply is.
Truth sits upon the lips of dying men.
Truth soars too high or dives too deep, for the most resolute inquirer.
Truth speaks for itself.
Truth spells that out time and again in the Bible.
Truth spoken with malicious intent is greater error than keeping of silence where wrong is meant.
Truth stands alone.
Truth stands as an absolute value, the glue which binds the rulebook.
Truth stands even when there is no public support.
Truth stands for ever, but lies live only for a moment.
Truth stands naked as a servant.
Truth stands outside the doors of our souls, and knocks.
Truth stands supreme.
Truth stands up to all criticism, no matter how severe.
Truth stands up to examination.
Truth stands with one foot on the earth as evidence that truth dominates it and is superior to it.
Truth stands, even if there be no public support.
Truth starts to surface.
Truth still permeates reasonable people.
Truth still remains the best antidote for ignorance.
Truth strengthens it.
Truth suffers but never perishes.
Truth suffers from too much analysis.
Truth suffers proportionately to the heat between combatants.
Truth suffers to perpetuate the racial divide.
Truth takes a back seat in both cases.
Truth takes a back seat to winning.
Truth takes a beating in another arena.
Truth takes an overdose.
Truth takes different colour if told on special days.
Truth takes many forms.
Truth takes on a whole new definition and becomes more a matter of perspective.
Truth takes the pressure off politicians.
Truth takes work.
Truth telling apparently is no longer a virtue people try to adopt for their lives.
Truth telling becomes a competitive advantage.
Truth telling becomes subordinate to the greater duty of caring for our family.
Truth telling builds trust.
Truth telling is an ideal agreed upon by all mass media.
Truth telling with spiritual leaders and churches is important for meaningful appointments.
Truth telling, truth telling, is the heart and soul of our justice system.
Truth tests all things.
Truth then becomes what the church says it is.
Truth then is hope and hope truth.
Truth There is only one thing that really matters in life.
Truth thereby becomes certainty.
Truth thinks no evil.
Truth threatens power, now and always.
Truth thus relates to a viewpoint which is species dependent.
Truth touches everything.
Truth transcends denominational borders.
Truth transcends history.
Truth transcends time, place, and circumstance.
Truth truly is stranger than fiction.
Truth typically resides with the remnant unwilling to bow to the beliefs of the masses.
Truth ultimately prevails and history chronicles the judgement.
Truth unleashes the powers of love and forgiveness.
Truth uplifts the spirit, helping it to grow.
Truth upsets people.
Truth walks with halting steps and falsehood flies on swiftest wings.
Truth wins out over tact.
Truth Wins Truth is a magician's trick.
Truths are always truths.
Truths are and can be different from existence.
Truths are eternal.
Truths are ideas or values shared by others.
Truths are lies in disguise, And the world is in slumber tonight.
Truths are mental constructs meaningful to individuals within a particular cultural paradigm.
Truths are more likely to have been discovered by one man than by a nation.
Truths are perceptions generated by men.
Truths are to be believed.
Truths begin to fall away.
Truths can justify each other.
Truths exist in nature and are discoverable by the reason of man.
Truths now change very quickly.
Truths Provides instruction and edification.
Truths teach that evils are wrong.
Truths turn into dogmas the moment they are disputed.
Truth always comes in one form or the other.
Truth always exists in a pure unmixed state.
Truth always hurts.
Truth always knows which of the two attitudes is asking.
Truth always opens up the things that are hidden.
Truth always outlives the lie.
Truth always overcomes evil.
Truth always precedes love.
Truth always rises eventually in spite of Satan's powerful obstacles.
Truth always seeks the light, instead of shunning it.
Truth always seems radical to fallen man because it is logical and normal.
Truth always sets free.
Truth always suffers when refracted through the prism of the human mind.
Truth always triumphs.
Truth always wins ultimately.
Truth often becomes the victim.
Truth often demands change.
Truth often has to be wrestled to the surface by the facts.
Truth often hurts, but it is the lie that leaves the scar.
Truth often takes a back seat.
Truth sometimes creates harm.
Truth sometimes hurts but deceit hurts more.
Truth sometimes hurts, that's the world.
Truth usually does that.
Truth usually is the same old story.
All truth becomes orderly and serviceable in that mind.
All truth becomes the truth to the person who is spouting it out.
All truth goes through three stages.
All truth has to be culturally communicated.
All truth has to be expressed in sentences because all truth is the transference of power .
All truth is bent, time itself is a circle.
All truth is crooked.
All truth is equal.
All truth is harmonious and consistent.
All truth is held in tension by counterbalancing factors.
All truth is is an emotional measure of the veracity of information.
All truth is mixed with error.
ALL truth is one.
All truth is only common sense clarified.
All truth is parallel.
All truth is part of the gospel regardless of how the truth has been learned.
All truth is pluriform and has many facets.
All truth is relative to the individual.
All truth is relative, i.e. relativism.
All truth is relative, they say.
All truth is relative.
All truth is simple.
All truth is there.
All truth is understood in the context of love.
All truth passes though three stages.
All truth passes through three stages.
All truth ultimately is related to and unified by the revealed Word of God.
All Truths are beautiful.
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered.
All truths are equal.
All truths are erroneous.
All truths are eternal and absolute.
All truths are invariably simple.
All truths are one truth.
All truths are subject to revision upon experience.
All truths are the product of a logical identification of the facts of experience.
All truths stand to be corrected by deeper truth.
Any truth creates a scandal.
Any truth is an under-exaggeration.
Any truth is better than indefinite doubt.
Any truth is better than make-believe.
Every truth coheres with the set of beliefs of an omniscient being.
Every truth has two sides The Mules and the Robbers .
Every truth is a part of a greater truth.
Every truth is self-acting and possesses inherent strength.
Every truth needs the balance of other truth.
Every truth passes through three stages before it is recognized.
Many truths are universal.
Most truth comes from physical reality.
Most truth comes from reality.
Much truth appears between the lines.
Some truth emerges.
Some truth enhances interest.
Some truth is contained in it.
Some truth is mixed in with untruth.
Some truths are a part of both subjects.
Some truths are absolute, universal and without exception, some are general and some relative.
Some truths are best unsaid.
Some truths are easy and reassuring for grownups to give.
Some truths are more vital than others.
Some truths are self-evident.
Some truths are too painful to bear.
Some truths are universal.
Some truths emerge.
Some truths never lose their value.
Some truths ought to be spoken.
Some truths seem almost falsehoods, and some false- hoods almost truths.
Some truths seem self-evident, like the importance of stretching before exercise to prevent injury.
Truthful architecture manifests itself to satisfy the ever changing needs of people.
Truthful candidates are precise about their contributions.
Truthful communication moves love partners and creates a condition of unity, love and satisfaction.
Truthful criticism hurts.
Truthful information harms patients.
Truthful information is a powerful source of marketplace competition.
Any truthful information is fine.
Truthful lips endure for ever, but a lying tongue is but for a moment. .
Truthful lips endure forever, but a lying tongue lasts only a moment.
Truthfulness attracts, more than sour or haughty attitudes.
Truthfulness demands that the facts be presented as they are for the benefit of others.
Truthfulness is a quality of the righteous.
Truthfulness is always the first step in all reconciliation.
Truthfulness is correspondence to fact.
Truthfulness is harmony to the fact, harmony to the motive.
Truthfulness is honesty
Truthfulness is honesty.
Truthfulness is still often the best policy.
Truthfulness is the basis for decisions, actions, words, relationships and beliefs.
Truthfulness is the characteristic of brotherly relationships in the church-community.
Truthfulness is the first pillar in the Temple of God-realization.
Truthfulness is the foundation of all human virtues.
Truthfulness is the foundation of all the virtues of the world of humanity.
Truthfulness leads to good conduct.
Truthfulness leads to right action.
Truthfulness means simply telling the truth.
Truthfulness mitigates egoism to some extent.
Truthfulness takes on more importance than ever.
A try is an activity
Tries apprenticeships at various trades.
Tries are a bonus.
Tries are attempts.
Tries are goals.
Tries are located in crickets.
Tries are located in effort.
Tries are used for attempts.
Tries are used for dos.
Tries drop only on easy shots.
Trycyclic antidepressants relieve depression by blocking reuptake of monoamines.
Trye accountability is about fellowship with other men.
Tryings are capable of lying.
Tryout is an experiment
Tryouts are a simple attempt to keep teams competitively balanced.
Tryouts are a two-day long process and consist of four phases.
Tryouts are actually an evaluation of each player s skills.
Tryouts are an opportunity for the players to show their stuff to the coaches.
Tryouts are available at any time during the year.
Tryouts are by invitation only.
Tryouts are each year and open to all students.
Tryouts are each year, and is open to all students.
Tryouts are every spring with places being filled throughout the year as openings occur.
Tryouts are free for anybody who is planning on going to Panama City Beach for spring break.
Tryouts are free.
Tryouts are generally tough on the athletes.
Tryouts are in a group style format.
Tryouts are in the fall and the spring.
Tryouts are in the late spring for the football season and in late fall for basketball season.
Tryouts are in the spring of the school year.
Tryouts are informal, with members being selected by the director.
Tryouts are mandatory for all players for AA and above.
Tryouts are necessary and competition is with other middle schools in North Fulton County.
Tryouts are ongoing.
Tryouts are open to all full-time undergraduate students.
Tryouts are open to all interested students.
Tryouts are open to all players.
Tryouts are open to all students and are held in the spring and fall.
Tryouts are open to all students and are held in the spring.
Tryouts are open to all students for various roles and parts.
Tryouts are open to all students.
Tryouts are open to all.
Tryouts are open to club members and are held by birth year in every state.
Tryouts are open to everybody.
Tryouts are open to everyone.
Tryouts are open to interested students.
Tryouts are open to the public.
Tryouts are over.
Tryouts are soon.
Tryouts are standard.
Tryouts are the first full week of school and are open to all middle school students.
Tryouts are the first week of school.
Tryouts are the week before the tournament seasons.
Tryouts are under way.
Tryouts are usually the week before the semester starts.
Tryouts can go from three days to one week.
Tryouts can take a week or more.
Tryouts consist of a cheer, chant, dance, stunting, jumps, and tumbling.
Tryouts consist of informal scrimmages the first two weeks.
Tryouts determine making the team.
Tryouts generally start immediately at the beginning of school.
Tryouts Get tryout information including dates, online applications and consent forms.
Tryouts happen all the time.
Tryouts held for captains and new team is selected.
Tryouts seem to be very uncommon.
Tryouts start promptly at the times listed above.
Tryouts start today.
Tryouts take place right after the state tournament.
Tryouts typically run for two weeks.
All tryouts are at Pleasant Valley Park.
All tryouts are open to everyone unless otherwise noted.
Many tryouts make each cheerleader try two stunts, either flying or basing.
Some tryouts have a short dance, band chant or school song as part of it.
Trypsin inhibitors prevent the completion of cytokinesis.
A trypsin is an enzyme
Trypsin activates trypsinogen, chymotrypsinogen and procarboxypeptidase.
Trypsin breaks down protein in the duodenum .
Trypsin can activate a number of the other pancreatic zymogens.
Trypsin can, when activated, activate the other inactive enzymes.
Trypsin catalyzes the conversion of more trypsinogen to trypsin.
Trypsin catalyzes the conversion of the other zymogens.
Trypsin cleaves on the C-terminal side of arginine and lysine.
Trypsin cleaves peptide bonds on the carboxyl side of lysine and arginine residues.
Trypsin cleaves peptide bonds on the C-terminal side of arginines and lysines .
Trypsin cleaves proteins at the carboxyl side of the basic amino acid residues arginine and lysine.
Trypsin continues protein digestion in the small intestine.
Trypsin is an enzyme necessary in the digestion of protein.
Trypsin is an example of a widely-used protease currently derived from animal organs.
Trypsin is an important digestive enzyme produced by the pancreas.
Trypsin is an important digestive enzyme that breaks peptide bonds in proteins.
Trypsin is synthesized as an inactive precursor, trypsinogen.
Trypsin isa enzyme.
Trypsin then activates all other zymogens as well as trypsinogen.
Trypsin then activates other zymogens by cleaving off polypeptide sequences.
Trypsin then cleaves proteins to smaller polypeptides .
Trypsin works in alkahne, neutral, or even acid media.
Trypsins are enzymes.
Trypsins are serine proteases.
Trypsins have (part) atoms.
Trypsins have (part) chemical chain.
Trypsins have (part) chemical groups.
A tryptophan is amino acid
Tryptophans seem oriented vertically whereas histidine locations suggests helical paths.
A tryst is a date
Tryst is a meeting place.
Ts can help keep things in perspective, including the cold, hard consequences of each alternative.
TS lays down and falls asleep.
TS publishes research articles, teaching tips, and reports on teaching sociology.
TSs are notoriously difficult to study because of they are unstable.
TSs can specialize in certain specific technical areas, or can be generalists.
TSs have two domains and are encoded in a large gene family.
TSA membership is open to all.
TSA payments are in addition to the member's normal retirement contributions.
Tsallis entropy is applicable to hundreds of nonextensive systems with such power-law scaling.
A tsetse fly is a fly
Tsetse flies are attracted to bright colours, very dark colours and moving vehicles.
Tsetse flies are day biters.
Tsetse flies are flies.
Tsetse flies are found only in Africa and they live in rural environments.
Tsetse flies are insects.
Tsetse flies are poor flyers and can only fly short distances.
Tsetse flies are the cyclic vectors of sleeping sickness and African animal trypanosomosis.
Tsetse flies are vectors of trypanosomiasis that affects humans as well as domestic livestock.
Tsetse flies breed slowly.
Tsetse flies have three distinct symbionts .
Tsetse flies inhabit Africa only south of the Sahara.
Tsetse flies occur in Africa.
Tsetse flies occur today in tropical Africa and as fossils in the Florissant formation.
Most tsetse flies are physically very tough.
A tsetse is a fly
Tsetse flies and their control.
Tsetse fly Bloodsucking fly of the genus Glossina.
Tsetse fly species differ in their ability to develop infections, as discussed earlier.
Tsetse fly taking a bloodmeal.
Tsetse have large heads, distinctly separated eyes, and unusual antennae.
Tsetse transmit trypanosomes in two ways, mechanical and biological transmission.
Tsetses are able to find their hosts by their sense of smell, and by sight.
Tsimshian mask ca.
Tskhavari monastery is situated outside the village, on a woody field surrounded by an enclisure.
TSOP members come from many different backgrounds.
TST surveys exceed minimum requirements.
Tsuki stones have grain which curves across the top.
Tsunami waves are shallow-water waves with long periods and wave lengths.
Tsunami waves can be powerful enough to tear the foundations from houses.
Tsunami waves can continue for hours.
Tsunami waves can sweep away loose objects.
Tsunami can be very large.
Tsunami can cause extensive damage in coastal regions.
Tsunami can occur anywhere, but are most common in the Pacific Ocean.
Tsunami can strike anywhere, but are most common in the Pacific Ocean.
Tsunami can travel up rivers and streams that lead to the ocean.
Tsunami devastates Japanese coastal region .
Tsunami isa misfortune.
Tsunami isa wave.
Tsunami offers exceptional flexibility, reliability, and interoperability with existing networks.
Tsunamis approach coasts.
Tsunamis approach shores.
Tsunamis are calamities.
Tsunamis are caused by quakes.
Tsunamis are caused by undersea quakes.
Tsunamis are ripples.
Tsunamis are waves.
Tsunamis become massive waves.
Tsunamis become waves.
Tsunamis bring death.
Tsunamis bring subsequent death.
Tsunamis cause destruction.
Tsunamis cause environmental destruction.
Tsunamis cause extensive destruction.
Tsunamis cause extensive environmental destruction.
Tsunamis cause massive destruction.
Tsunamis cause problems.
Tsunamis cause serious problems.
Tsunamis change landscapes.
Tsunamis create crash waves.
Tsunamis create waves.
Tsunamis have considerable effects.
Tsunamis have effects.
Tsunamis hit indian ocean shorelines.
Tsunamis hit ocean shorelines.
Tsunamis hit shorelines.
Tsunamis make death.
Tsunamis may have consequences.
Tsunamis may have dramatic consequences.
Tsunamis result from earthquakes.
Most tsunamis are caused by quakes.
Most tsunamis are caused by undersea quakes.
Most tsunamis create crash waves.
Most tsunamis create waves.
Most tsunamis have considerable effects.
Most tsunamis have effects.
Most tsunamis make death.
Most tsunamis result from earthquakes.
Tsunamis are extremely destructive to life and property.
Tsunamis are gigantic sea or ocean waves.
Tsunamis are gigantic versions of the ripples produced by a pebble tossed into a still pond.
Tsunamis are huge ocean waves caused by earthquakes, or volcanoes that erupt under water.
Tsunamis are immense sea waves.
Tsunamis are much longer and travel much faster than ordi- nary wind waves.
Tsunamis are mysterious creatures, waves both deadly and unexpected.
Tsunamis are ocean waves produced by earthquakes or underwater landslides.
Tsunamis are sea waves generated by an abrupt displacement of large volumes of water.
Tsunamis are seismic sea waves, having nothing to do with the tides.
Tsunamis are unlike other ocean waves.
Tsunamis bear little resemblance to the breaking waves familiar to beachgoers and surfers.
Tsunamis become dangerous when they approach land.
Tsunamis can be devastating on populated coastlines.
Tsunamis can cause great devastation and loss of life.
Tsunamis can destroy towns with their crushing walls of water.
Tsunamis can destroy whole coastal communities.
Tsunamis can move faster than a person can run.
Tsunamis can occur anywhere, but are most common in the Pacific Ocean.
Tsunamis can occur at any time, day or night.
Tsunamis can occur in any of the oceanic regions, but are most common in the Pacific Ocean.
Tsunamis can originate hundreds or even thousands of miles away from coastal areas.
Tsunamis can result from earthquakes.
Tsunamis can savagely attack coastlines, causing devastating property damage and loss of life.
Tsunamis can travel across the Pacific.
Tsunamis can travel thousands of miles with little loss of energy.
Tsunamis can travel up rivers and streams that lead to the ocean.
Tsunamis do slow down as they approach land because the water is shallower there.
Tsunamis get big.
Tsunamis have long periods and can overcome obstacles such as gulfs, bays and islands.
Tsunamis have no connection with the weather nor with tides.
Tsunamis have nothing to do with the tides.
Tsunamis have several remarkable features.
Tsunamis is the Japanese word for giant ocean waves.
Tsunamis kill people.
Tsunamis roar and people die.
Tsunamis tend to have periods of five minutes to as much as an hour.
Tsunamis travel outward in all directions from the epicenter of an earthquake.
Tsunamis travel swiftly across the open ocean.
Tsunamis typically cause the most severe damage and casualties very near their source.
Tsunamis typically emerge in oceans, usually after a quake drops or lifts part of the seafloor.
Some tsunamis can be very large.
Some tsunamis cause death.
TT.E.A.M. training enriches the relationships that develop between people and animals.
TThe action is plentiful, even if it is unbelievable.
TTHM formation occurs when chlorine is added to water containing natural organic compounds.
TTRC members can mail images for inclusion.
TTU administration is committed to continued excellence in technological leadership.
A tuatara is a reptile
Tuatara are lizard-like creatures with crest of spiny scales that extend down their back.
Tuatara are lizard-like reptiles that can be traced back to the time of the dinosaurs.
Tuatara are lizard-like reptiles, found only in New Zealand.
Tuatara display no ear openings.
Tuatara feed primarily on invertebrates but occasionally eat lizards, frogs and sea birds.
Tuatara have two rows of teeth in their upper jaw and one row of teeth in their lower jaw.
Tuatara isa reptile.
Tuatara live on foggy offshore islands in burrows that are often shared with sea birds.
Tuatara mate in late summer.
Tuatara reproduce very slowly, taking ten years to reach sexual maturity.
Tuataras also are known to eat frogs.
Tuataras are able to survive in much lower temperatures than other reptiles.
Tuataras are carnivores.
Tuataras are carnivorous, feeding on invertebrates and small vertebrates.
Tuataras are diapsids.
Tuataras are fairly solitary throughout most of the year, except for the reproduction season.
Tuataras are found only in New Zealand.
Tuataras are long-lived, apparently reaching over one hundred years of age.
Tuataras are most active at night, which is when they do the majority of their hunting.
Tuataras are mostly nocturnal.
Tuataras are native to chaparral habitats on islands off New Zealand .
Tuataras are pretty much nocturnal creatures.
Tuataras are virtually extinct on the mainlands of New Zealand.
Tuataras can live to be one hundred years old.
Tuataras chew by moving their jaw backwards and forwards as well as up and down.
Tuataras climb trees.
Tuataras close mouths.
Tuataras eat food.
Tuataras eat mostly insects .
Tuataras eat mostly insects.
Tuataras emerge from burrows.
Tuataras enter territory.
Tuataras have (part) brains.
Tuataras have (part) breasts.
Tuataras have (part) cell membranes.
Tuataras have (part) cells.
Tuataras have (part) chest cavities.
Tuataras have (part) chests.
Tuataras have (part) corpi.
Tuataras have (part) cytoplasm.
Tuataras have (part) ears.
Tuataras have (part) faces.
Tuataras have (part) heads.
Tuataras have (part) nuclei.
Tuataras have (part) pedal extremities.
Tuataras have (part) plasma membranes.
Tuataras have (part) rib cages.
Tuataras have (part) sections.
Tuataras have (part) skulls.
Tuataras have (part) sterna.
Tuataras have (part) vacuoles.
Tuataras have (part) vertebrate feet.
Tuataras have a large head and stocky build.
Tuataras have a prominent spiny crest along the neck and down the back.
Tuataras have crests.
Tuataras have few natural predators.
Tuataras have legs.
Tuataras have low body temperatures because they use energy very slowly.
Tuataras have native predators.
Tuataras have predators.
Tuataras have spiny crests along their backs made from soft, triangular folds of skin.
Tuataras have teeth.
Tuataras have very sharp teeth.
Tuataras have vision.
Tuataras life in burrows.
Tuataras like to eat things like spiders, insects, worms, slaters, snails and birds eggs and chicks.
Tuataras live a long time.
Tuataras live for over years.
Tuataras live for years.
Tuataras live in burrows, emerging mostly at night but sometimes during the day to bask in the sun.
Tuataras live in coasts.
Tuataras live in some thirty islets in the Cook Strait, between the two main islands of New Zealand.
Tuataras look like reptiles.
Tuataras possess characteristics.
Tuataras reproduce slowly.
Tuataras reproduce very slowly, sometimes taking ten years to reach sexual maturity.
Tuataras resemble lizards in some ways, but they lack external ears and retain primitive scales.
Tuataras respond only to low frequencies.
Tuataras use burrows.
Tuataras wait for prey.
Tuataras sometimes share a burrow with a sea bird .
Tuataras usually inhabit the breeding burrows of certain small petrels.
Most tuataras eat food.
Most tuataras emerge from burrows.
Most tuataras enter territory.
Most tuataras have crests.
Most tuataras have legs.
Most tuataras have native predators.
Most tuataras have predators.
Most tuataras have teeth.
Most tuataras have vision.
Most tuataras live for over years.
Most tuataras live for years.
Most tuataras live in coasts.
Most tuataras look like reptiles.
Most tuataras possess characteristics.
Most tuataras wait for prey.
Some tuataras become fathers.
Some tuataras have eyes.
Some tuataras have features.
Some tuataras have holes.
Some tuataras have jaw motion.
Some tuataras have jaws.
Some tuataras have metabolism.
Some tuataras have motion.
Some tuataras have mysterious eyes.
Some tuataras have mysterious third eyes.
Some tuataras have olive skin.
Some tuataras have organs.
Some tuataras have skin.
Some tuataras have slow metabolism.
Some tuataras have third eyes.
Some tuataras prey on insects.
Some tuataras provide details.
Some tuataras provide further details.
Some tuataras reach maturity.
Some tuataras reach sexual maturity.
A tub is a vessel
Tub isa vessel.
Tubs are containers.
Tubs are deeper, longer and built for two.
Tubs are less prone to expensive leak problems.
Tubs are located in kitchens.
Tubs are used for bathing.
Tubs are used for baths.
Tubs are used for cleaning.
Tubs are used for free time.
Tubs are used for washing dishs.
Tubs are vessels.
Tubs fill with water.
Tubs have (part) brims.
Tubs have (part) sections.
Any tub is transformed with a few drops of essential oils.
Most tubs come with an optional surround skirt.
Most tubs fill with water.
Most tubs have a P trap in the drain.
Some tubs are part of bathrooms.
Some tubs are part of bungalows.
Some tubs are part of castles.
Some tubs are part of convents.
Some tubs are part of cottages.
Some tubs are part of farmhouses.
Some tubs are part of houses.
Some tubs are part of manors.
Some tubs are part of monasteries.
Some tubs are part of palaces.
Some tubs contain a single gemstone, while others contain combinations.
Some tubs contain deep sediments.
Some tubs contain sediments.
Some tubs contain sugar.
Some tubs have pleasure.
Tuba City is a friendly place.
Tuba isa device.
Tubas have (part) sections.
Tubal disease accounts for approximately one third of all causes of infertility.
Tubal ligation has no effect other than sterilization.
Tubal ligation involves cutting and tying the tubes.
Tubal ligation is a means of permanent birth control, or sterilization.
Tubal ligation is a permanent method of family planning.
Tubal ligation is a surgical procedure that is almost always a permanent form of birth control.
Tubal ligation is an operating-room procedure performed under general anesthesia.
Tubal ligation is considered relatively permanent and needs to be carefully considered.
Tubal ligation is ligation
Tubal ligation is ligation.
Tubal ligation is readily available to women throughout Brazil.
Tubal ligation is surgical contraception
Tubal ligation is used as a form of birth control.
Tubal ligation is very effective.
Tubal ligation is very successful.
Tubal ligation using metal clips and rubber bands has greater potential for reversibility.
Tubal ligations have more than twice the failure rate and involve more risk.
Tubal ligations prevent pregnancy by preventing contact between the egg and sperm.
Tubal ligations prevent the egg and sperm from joining.
Tubal pregnancy can be a medical emergency.
Tubal pregnancy is a delayed risk of tubal surgery.
Tubal pregnancy is a maternity
Tubal pregnancy is a serious and painful condition that requires immediate medical attention.
Tubal pregnancy is ectopic pregnancy.
Tubal reversal gives excellent results in many cases.
Tubal sterilization is an effective form of contraception when no more babies are desired.
Tubal sterilization is associated with decreased risk of ovarian cancer.
Tubas offer three choices in bell design.
Tube amps are an essential part of rock guitar tone.
Tube amps suffer from high maintenance, but the sound produced is hard to beat.
Tube amplifiers are the best way to listen to music.
Every tube amplifier has some amount of output impedance due to the output stepdown transformer.
Tube anemones are voracious predators that can expand dramatically.
Tube bending is considered an art that takes a long period of frustrating hard work to master.
Tube blennies feed mainly on zooplankton and also on the cirri of barnacles.
Tube clamp is adjustable to adapt to different chainstays diameters and profiles.
Tube feeding involves providing nutrients directly into a patient's stomach through a tube.
Tube feeding is a common but low profile form of life support.
Tube feeding is an alternative to feeding people through their veins.
Tube feeding is recommended for calves unable to suck a bottle.
Tube feedings are another source of nutrition.
A tube foot is a foot
Tube feet are completely absent.
Tube feet are long, tubular, extensible structures, each tipped with an adhesive pad.
Tube feet are modified for filter feeding on microscopic plankton.
Tube feet are small movable protrusions that allow the animal to move, eat, and breath.
Tube feet are used for locomotion and for gripping prey.
Tube feet can function in both locomotion and in feeding.
Tube feet facilitate locomotion, sensory perception, food capture, and gas exchange.
Tube feet function in locomotion, feeding, and gas exchange.
Tube feet have suction discs which allows the echinoderm to crawl or stick to various surfaces.
Tube feet line ambulacral grooves .
Tube feet make the starfish the nemesis of clams and other slow moving mollusks.
Tube foots are foots.
Tube foots are part of echinoderms.
Every tube foot is attached to a baloon-like structure called an ampula.
Some tube feet are part of echinoderms.
Some tube feet are part of starfishs.
Some tube feet are part of urchins.
Tube frames are easier to manufacture in small quantities than unitized frames .
Tube frames are the way to go, and steel is the material for tube frames.
Tube maps are available from most underground stations.
Tube roses are huge at farmer's markets.
Tube sock is available in solid white, solid color, with or without stripes.
Tube socks are easy to put on correctly.
Tube sockets are ceramic and are bolted directly to the chassis.
Tube sockets are ceramic.
Tube sponges are common in both shallow and deeper portions of coral reef ecosystems.
Tube sponges are well known for very varied coloration.
Tube Sponges have male and female organs and reproduce sexually.
Tube strikes are off.
Tube strikes prevent nurses and other key workers from getting to work.
Tube worms are one of the most ubiquitous creatures living in deep-sea vent communities.
Tube worms are one type of life that is found near hydrothermal vents.
Tube worms are so numerous, that they themselves provide habitat for other critters.
Tube worms bend the verticals.
Tube worms feed at the base of an underwater hydrothermal vent.
Tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent .
Tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent.
Tube worms get energy from bacteria which live in their plumes.
Tube worms have no mouth, gut, or anus.
Tube worms live in brown mud tubes that the worms make from a mucus and mud mixture.
Tube worms rely upon the bacteria that make food at the bottom of the ocean.
Tube worms use heat.
Tube worms vary in size depending on where they live.
Most tube worms use heat.
Some tube worms adapt to conditions.
Some tube worms become life.
Some tube worms have environments.
A tube is a conduit
Tube accomplishes two critical tasks.
Tube amps amplifiers for high end audio and guitar.
Tube blowing frequency is reduced.
Tube comes with ten colorful balls.
Tube concludes with a look at the future of television in the digital age.
Tube Creates a circular section across any curve defining the tube centerline.
Tube drenches Stomach tubing is the veterinarian's preferred technique of drench administration.
Tube driven electrostatics are something alot of people never experience.
Tube emerges straight and ready to be cut to length.
Tube features heavy duty recessed marine safety valves and inner safety air chamber.
Tube feeding a baby animal is just as dangerous.
Tube feeds, meds.
Tube fits best on smaller busts.
Tube floats on Current River.
Tube has a convenient pouring lip.
Tube has very slight paint blems where adjust screws contact tube.
Tube includes rubber o-ring.
Tube is a novel protein with no known homologues.
Tube is available in varied wall thicknesses.
Tube is best.
Tube is brown to black.
Tube is connected with CCD star micrometer and pentag.
Tube is constructed of heavy-duty, heat and shock resistant glass.
Tube is doubled near generator for extra wear protection.
Tube is glossy black aluminum.
Tube is in excellent condition and has VERY low hours on it.
Tube is included.
Tube is slow and fat.
Tube is withdrawn.
Tube isa conduit.
Tube lures fished near and over the top of the grass can produce jarring strikes and some good fish.
Tube provides concepts to creative services in video, film, audio, interactive mediums.
Tube remains after chigger leaves, causing itching.
Tube rides for snowboarders offered in the winter.
Tube See sample bottle .
Tube sockets with splayed pins or extremely heavy oxidation are also common in old amps.
Tube supports and ash trays in the power generation industry.
Tube tops, gossip.
Tube tows take riders to the top of groomed lanes for a thrilling downhill slide.
Tube uses integral alumuinum heat dissapation fins on arms.
Tube View a vplot file on a screen.
Tubes act as pathways.
Tubes allow air to enter the middle ear and permits fluid to drain out.
Tubes also add western fringe to item.
Tubes also allow air pressure to equalize between the outside world and the middle ear.
Tubes also have a very limited life.
Tubes are a critical part of a tube-type wheel assembly.
Tubes are a more modern, technical version of the belay plate.
Tubes are a neccassity with a small jaw.
Tubes are adequate for rappelling, but they tend to lock up, providing a jerky descent.
Tubes are also available in butyl.
Tubes are also available.
Tubes are also good.
Tubes are an option also, slowly twitched just beneath the surface.
Tubes are available for either solvent or thermal desorption.
Tubes are available for rent outside the park.
Tubes are available for rent right at Cooper Spur.
Tubes are available for rental at the park office.
Tubes are available for rental.
Tubes are available in a variety of sizes, shapes and glass materials.
Tubes are back, and in a big way.
Tubes are borosilicate glass with black screw caps securely fitted to prevent loss of moisture.
Tubes are borosilicate glass.
Tubes are cold drawn , seamless steel tubes , expanded into drill e d and reamed holes.
Tubes are conduits.
Tubes are electronic devices.
Tubes are extra-lite.
Tubes are flexible to allow for proper expansion and resistance to thermal shock.
Tubes are fragile and can easily break.
Tubes are in satisfactory position.
Tubes are inexpensive and easy to carry.
Tubes are international.
Tubes are less affected by wind than a pontoon and are a lot easier to carry in to remote areas.
Tubes are linear and can go almost DC to daylight.
Tubes are located in chemistry labs.
Tubes are located in space shuttles.
Tubes are made of red plastic, Dowels are hardwood.
Tubes are new and in original box.
Tubes are nice to look at and have a lot of character.
Tubes are normally just there and do their job.
Tubes are of good quality.
Tubes are one class of proto-typical nanoscale components required in nanodevices and nanomachines.
Tubes are overdone.
Tubes are part of circuits.
Tubes are plastic containers good for storing several inexpensive coins of the same size together.
Tubes are reddish-brown .
Tubes are seamless brass and feature hardened caps for greater resonance and volume.
Tubes are structures.
Tubes are to be welded in on both ends.
Tubes are under oil and protected.
Tubes are warmer sounding an cut through a mix.
Tubes are wonderful.
Tubes are zinc.
Tubes attach easily to each joint as the layers are added.
Tubes bent by a force at midspan are self evident by no longer being straight.
Tubes burn out like light bulbs.
Tubes call siphons bring water in and out of the body.
Tubes can also split and burst - some brands are worse than others.
Tubes can be useful in the treatment and determining if it has been effective.
Tubes can be very shallow or more than a centimetre deep in some species.
Tubes can become very hot and cause serious burns if touched.
Tubes can cause irritation of the nose and throat and difficulty swallowing.
Tubes carry fuel.
Tubes come complete with weight, counterweight, and counterweight guide tube.
Tubes come in metallic silver.
Tubes come with caps.
Tubes connect ears.
Tubes connect kidneys.
Tubes connect middle ears.
Tubes connect opposite pairs.
Tubes connect the canister to the various stocks.
Tubes connect the cylinders to a fluid reservoir and pump, which also are surgically implanted.
Tubes connect to make an interesting slide, while on the right a farm swings into production.
Tubes consist of tissue.
Tubes contain air.
Tubes contain liquids.
Tubes contain mixture.
Tubes contain only enough anticoagulant for the stated fill volume.
Tubes containing air, carbon dioxide, and water vapor are also available.
Tubes containing any anticoagulant are also acceptable.
Tubes containing the process fluid are subject to combustion process gases and high temperatures.
Tubes curl into noses and arms and tummies.
Tubes deliver air.
Tubes derive cold air from a louvered air inlet on one end only, unless otherwise specified.
Tubes designed for high gain can exhibit more background noise.
Tubes develop within tubes.
Tubes fill with liquids.
Tubes generally stay in place for one to three months and fall out on their own.
Tubes have (part) readsides.
Tubes have (part) sections.
Tubes have a regular supporting arch structure.
Tubes have an application to fit almost any fishing situation.
Tubes have an in-line orifice used to meter the correct amount of herbicide into the system.
Tubes have fiber.
Tubes have mass.
Tubes have orientations.
Tubes have other advantages, too.
Tubes have pull down handles and push buttons.
Tubes have radii.
Tubes have vertical orientations.
Tubes help hold the cover on the pool and can also prevent the wind from blowing the cover up.
Tubes help lava travel tens of kilometers from their vents.
Tubes help make playground functional and fun.
Tubes initially drift quite a bit from their correct bias point.
Tubes inserted between the bladder and amniotic sac can bypass the blockage.
Tubes involve high voltages.
Tubes lead frolii the vacuoles which probably serve to keep the contents of the cell in circulation.
Tubes lead from the bottom of the bottle to the parent's nipple.
Tubes lead from the vacuoles which probably serve to keep the contents of the cell in circulation.
Tubes leading from the waste to the air just above head-level allow fumes to escape.
Tubes look good.
Tubes made especially for water sports are available at boat stores, as well as at discount stores.
Tubes make music.
Tubes measure apx.
Tubes mount on the bottom of the sweep foot and are protected by the shares.
Tubes offer a soft sweetening to the upper octaves that many find just irresistable.
Tubes operate at higher voltages than transistors.
Tubes placed during surgery can drain air from the pleural space so the lung re-expands.
Tubes placed under the floor circulate heated liquid.
Tubes produce a much warmer, fuller tone than any solid state.
Tubes provide both shelter and amusement.
Tubes run parallel with the traffic direction.
Tubes separate the hot gases from the water and transfer heat to the water.
Tubes sit in large wells with conical bottoms.
Tubes tend to recycle water by attracting condensation and reducing evapotranspiration.
Tubes transporting body fluids have to avoid the buildup of agglomerates.
Tubes travel better than bottles.
Tubes wear out with use.
Tubes often give a full bodied mid-range, and solid state usually has crisp highs.
All tubes are for horizontal burning position only.
All tubes are halogen quenched.
All tubes are Helium leak tested for seals integrity.
All tubes are in boxes, either their original box, reboxed in a white box, or in a remarked old box.
All tubes are machine mitered to very tight tolerance using lathes and milling machines.
All tubes are natural kraft color unless otherwise noted.
All tubes are satin brass finish and the cabinet is genuine maple or mahogany finish.
All tubes are subject to prior sale.
All tubes are water cooled.
All tubes have a spring to help keep the lid up when open.
All tubes have straight metal valve stems unless otherwise specified.
All tubes lead to one hyperdermic needle that sticks intravenously into the subject's arm.
All tubes listed are more or less new condition, untested.
All tubes meet manufacturer's specifications.
All tubes now come with black interior.
Every tube is exposed, and every bolt and nut is accessible and easily checked.
Every tube is tested for performance characteristics and visual appearance.
Many tubes go from a header on one side to a header on the other.
More tubes lead away from the chest with suction to remove blood.
Most tubes act as pathways.
Most tubes are aluminum while some are glass.
Most tubes are extremely fragile and subject to damage during shipment.
Most tubes carry fuel.
Most tubes come with a lid.
Most tubes connect ears.
Most tubes connect middle ears.
Most tubes consist of tissue.
Most tubes contain air.
Most tubes contain liquids.
Most tubes contain mixture.
Most tubes deliver air.
Most tubes fill with liquids.
Most tubes have fiber.
Most tubes have mass.
Most tubes have orientations.
Most tubes have radii.
Most tubes have two sections, one for sample collection and one as a backup section.
Most tubes have vertical orientations.
Some tubes absorb food.
Some tubes are caused by irritation.
Some tubes are caused by variation.
Some tubes are connected by short tubes.
Some tubes are connected by tubes.
Some tubes are crisper than others, but the basic limitation lies in the transmitted image.
Some tubes are custom ovalized to achieve maximum efficiency and comfort.
Some tubes are formed by surfaces.
Some tubes are made of cartilages.
Some tubes are preassembled and others require assembly.
Some tubes are smooth and lack ornamentation.
Some tubes are solid and others are split down one side.
Some tubes bring fluid.
Some tubes bring water.
Some tubes can be as large as a subway tunnel.
Some tubes carry air.
Some tubes carry fluid.
Some tubes carry food.
Some tubes carry gases.
Some tubes carry hot water.
Some tubes carry juice.
Some tubes carry liquid waste.
Some tubes carry oxygen.
Some tubes carry steam.
Some tubes carry sugar.
Some tubes carry urine.
Some tubes carry waste.
Some tubes carry water.
Some tubes cause damage.
Some tubes cause infection.
Some tubes collect fluid.
Some tubes collect sediments.
Some tubes collect urine.
Some tubes connect bottles.
Some tubes connect cavities.
Some tubes connect cervixes.
Some tubes connect internal organs.
Some tubes connect internal reproductive organs.
Some tubes connect intestines.
Some tubes connect mouths.
Some tubes connect nasal cavities.
Some tubes connect oral cavities.
Some tubes connect organs.
Some tubes connect pancreases.
Some tubes connect pharynxs.
Some tubes connect reproductive organs.
Some tubes connect small intestines.
Some tubes connect throats.
Some tubes connect to clamps.
Some tubes connect to machines.
Some tubes connect tubes.
Some tubes connect uteruses.
Some tubes contain blood vessels.
Some tubes contain broths.
Some tubes contain disks.
Some tubes contain fluid.
Some tubes contain gases.
Some tubes contain halogen gases.
Some tubes contain hot water.
Some tubes contain iodine.
Some tubes contain lamps.
Some tubes contain ml solutions.
Some tubes contain nectar.
Some tubes contain phosphate.
Some tubes contain radioactive substances.
Some tubes contain sea water.
Some tubes contain solutions.
Some tubes contain substances.
Some tubes contain suspensions.
Some tubes contain vessels.
Some tubes contain water.
Some tubes contain wire.
Some tubes create vacuums.
Some tubes deliver fluid.
Some tubes draw blood.
Some tubes emit light.
Some tubes emit white light.
Some tubes extend diaphragms.
Some tubes extend from corners.
Some tubes extend from larynxes.
Some tubes extend from lips.
Some tubes extend from mouths.
Some tubes extend from throats.
Some tubes extend into the lower half of the chert bed as well.
Some tubes fill with air.
Some tubes fill with argon gases.
Some tubes fill with fluid.
Some tubes fill with gases.
Some tubes fill with jelly.
Some tubes fill with mercury vapor.
Some tubes fill with nectar.
Some tubes fill with poison.
Some tubes fill with proteins.
Some tubes fill with vapor.
Some tubes fill with water.
Some tubes form cord.
Some tubes form dorsal nerve cord.
Some tubes form hollow dorsal nerve cord.
Some tubes form passageways.
Some tubes form reefs.
Some tubes form spinal cord.
Some tubes generate charge.
Some tubes get sweet when treble is dialed in and some get very piercing.
Some tubes grow into female gametophytes.
Some tubes grow into gametophytes.
Some tubes have a second focal spot used for magnification procedures.
Some tubes have a thin mica window.
Some tubes have both type numbers on the label.
Some tubes have centers.
Some tubes have constriction.
Some tubes have devices.
Some tubes have holes.
Some tubes have internal skeletons.
Some tubes have layers.
Some tubes have leakage at the crimp end.
Some tubes have leakage at the crimp.
Some tubes have length.
Some tubes have lenses.
Some tubes have levels.
Some tubes have life.
Some tubes have long life.
Some tubes have long service life.
Some tubes have noses.
Some tubes have skeletons.
Some tubes have slight constriction.
Some tubes have sodium bicarbonate.
Some tubes have walls.
Some tubes hold air.
Some tubes hold liquids.
Some tubes increase stability.
Some tubes insert into airways.
Some tubes insert into bile ducts.
Some tubes insert into common bile ducts.
Some tubes insert into common ducts.
Some tubes insert into ducts.
Some tubes insert into lung airways.
Some tubes insert into noses.
Some tubes insert into stomachs.
Some tubes insert into throats.
Some tubes insert into windpipes.
Some tubes lead from spiracles.
Some tubes lead to urethras.
Some tubes look like cacti.
Some tubes look like organ pipe cacti.
Some tubes move air.
Some tubes move mucuses.
Some tubes offer flexibility.
Some tubes pass through mouths.
Some tubes pass through septa.
Some tubes pass through urethras.
Some tubes penetrate silk tissue.
Some tubes penetrate skin.
Some tubes penetrate tissue.
Some tubes produce energy.
Some tubes produce less energy.
Some tubes provide excellent protection.
Some tubes provide moisture.
Some tubes provide protection.
Some tubes remain in places.
Some tubes require endoscopic extraction while others are designed for removal by external traction.
Some tubes run from mouths.
Some tubes separate current.
Some tubes separate weak electric current.
Some tubes surround hearts.
Some tubes use electricity.
Some tubes use litmuses.
Some tubes use static electricity.
Some tubes vary in diameters.
Some tubes vary in length.
Some tubes work better than others with the valve X-tenders.
A tubeless tire is a tire
Tubeless tires have an additional ply of rubber over the chafing strips to function as an air seal.
Most tubenose species breed in summer at the highest latitudes of their range.
Many tubenosed birds breed in the southern hemisphere and migrate north in the southern winter.
A tuber is a stem
Tuber begin to form on the rhizomes and roots about mid-summer.
Tuber isa stem.
Tubers also make animal feed.
Tubers are almost free of internal defects and pickouts.
Tubers are also usually easier to find than blooming plants.
Tubers are another method how asexual reproduction occurs in plants.
Tubers are attractive and well suited for the table stock market.
Tubers are available in four different sizes based on diameter and are priced accordingly.
Tubers are blocky to oval, slightly flattened with a relatively smooth white to tan skin color.
Tubers are bruise resistance.
Tubers are cooked or processed into a range of products.
Tubers are elliptical to round, medium-thick with a smooth ivory skin.
Tubers are enlarged structures in some plant species used as storage organs for nutrients .
Tubers are excellent for boiling and frying and fair for baking.
Tubers are excellent for boiling and frying.
Tubers are fleshy underground stems, as in the Irish potato.
Tubers are generally roundish, with two flat sides.
Tubers are good energy foods, but have little other nutritional value.
Tubers are growths that are caused by fungi, insects, or other environmental influences.
Tubers are knobby-shaped.
Tubers are large, deep-eyed and rough in shape but skin color is typically very good.
Tubers are large, long and cylindrical or slightly flattened with russeted skin.
Tubers are large, long, elliptical, and flattened with smooth, white skin and deep eyes.
Tubers are large, oblong to round and medium thick with a smooth, medium to deep red skin.
Tubers are large, oblong to round, medium thick, with a smooth, medium to deep red skin.
Tubers are like tiny dahlia tubers and are always small.
Tubers are long and cylindrical to slightly flattened.
Tubers are long and cylindrical with russet skin.
Tubers are long and slightly flattened, with shallow, well-distributed eyes.
Tubers are long and very smooth with shallow golden bright eyes.
Tubers are long to oblong and smooth with white flesh .
Tubers are long to oblong with a smooth to lightly netted white skin and white flesh.
Tubers are long to oblong, smooth, russeted and have shallow, bright golden eyes.
Tubers are long, uniformly russeted and show numerous eyes of medium depth.
Tubers are made of modified, undifferentiated stem or enlarged hypocotyl tissue.
Tubers are medium in size, oblong, flattened and somewhat irregular in shape.
Tubers are modified roots.
Tubers are modified stolons.
Tubers are oblong to long and flattened.
Tubers are oblong to long and somewhat wider than thick.
Tubers are oblong to long with rounded ends and have tannish-brown, medium to heavy netted skin.
Tubers are oblong to long, cylindrical with blocky ends and medium to light russet periderm.
Tubers are oblong to long, medium to heavy russeted, and have medium dormancy.
Tubers are oblong to long, with a smooth to lightly netted white skin and a white flesh.
Tubers are oblong to round, medium thick with a smooth, medium red skin and white flesh.
Tubers are oblong with a creamy buff smooth skin.
Tubers are oblong, slightly flattened with shallow eyes.
Tubers are oblong, smooth, slightly flattened, medium red with shallow eyes.
Tubers are oblong, smooth,blocky and slightly flattened with a thick, dark netted skin.
Tubers are often small, and in case of spindle tuber, elongated.
Tubers are outgrowths from internodes on underground stems.
Tubers are oval to round with light to heavily netted skin and white flesh.
Tubers are peeled, crushed and then fermented.
Tubers are potatoes and the eyes of the potato are actually nodes.
Tubers are primarily food storage organs but develop into new plants if removed from the rhizome.
Tubers are resistant to hollow heart, second growth, blackspot and shatter bruise.
Tubers are rich in nutrients and delicious to eat.
Tubers are round to blocky and dark red.
Tubers are round to oblong and slightly irregular with white flesh.
Tubers are round to oblong with a buff, smooth skin and creamy white flesh.
Tubers are round to oblong with buff, smooth skin and creamy white flesh.
Tubers are round to oblong, slightly flattened with medium deep eyes.
Tubers are round to oblong, slightly irregular with medium deep eyes and white flesh.
Tubers are round to oval with white skin and white flesh.
Tubers are round to short oblong, smooth with a shallow to moderately deep bud-end.
Tubers are round, medium to large in size with deep stem and apical ends.
Tubers are round, slightly flattened and the skin is slightly netted.
Tubers are short and rounded.
Tubers are small growths that arise from the brain.
Tubers are small, and picking proceeds slowly.
Tubers are small, irregularly shaped, knobby and show a black scurf.
Tubers are smooth and round with a bright skin.
Tubers are smooth, oblong to long, with a medium to heavy russet.
Tubers are smooth, round to blocky and oblong with shallow eyes.
Tubers are specialized underground storage stems.
Tubers are stalks.
Tubers are suitable for tablestock, chip and French fry processing.
Tubers are susceptible to after-cooking darkening, particularly with late storage.
Tubers are susceptible to early blight.
Tubers are susceptible to internal heat necrosis, particularly in sandy soils in warm, dry seasons.
Tubers are susceptible to pressure bruise in long-term storage, particularly in bulk piles.
Tubers are symptomless at the initial stages of infection but often develop symptoms in storage.
Tubers are the only plant part to overwinter.
Tubers are the second most important crop.
Tubers are the underground stems of potatoes.
Tubers are thick, nutritious roots.
Tubers are thickened rhizomes, and they grow vertically underground as the corms do.
Tubers are underground and form at the end of roots.
Tubers are underground turions which form at the end of rhizomes.
Tubers are unusable for propagation.
Tubers are usually longer, thinner and more attractive in short season areas such as eastern Idaho.
Tubers are usually unaffected, except for a slight decrease in size.
Tubers are white flesh, long to slightly oblong with medium to heavy russeted skin.
Tubers become plants.
Tubers can also become infected when the sporangium are washed into the soil.
Tubers can be dry in winter.
Tubers can be flat, rounded or irregular in shape.
Tubers can remain dormant for long periods and can become dormant after sprouting.
Tubers can safely stay in their trays until planting conditions are right.
Tubers can spoil if conditions for storage and shipping are less than optimal.
Tubers can stay safely in their trays until planting conditions are right.
Tubers can survive ingestion and regurgitation by waterfowl and are resistant to many herbicides.
Tubers Collect only firm, whole tubers.
Tubers contain food.
Tubers contain malformed neurons and astrocytes which form the foci for seizures.
Tubers contain starches.
Tubers continue to grow until the vine dies.
Tubers decay in stor- age.
Tubers develop growth cracks, off type and dumbbells when plants are stressed.
Tubers develop high in the hill and are subject to greening.
Tubers fail to form under longer days.
Tubers float down the Salt River enjoying the views of the mountains.
Tubers float to Rio Vista Park.
Tubers form on the roots in the sediment, and turions form on the stem in the water column.
Tubers form on the roots.
Tubers form when the plant produces more carbohydrates than are required for vine growth.
Tubers form when the plant produces more carbohydrates than what is needed for top growth.
Tubers formed in both places are similar in size, weight, and shape.
Tubers grow roots.
Tubers have (part) corpi.
Tubers have (part) leaf nodes.
Tubers have (part) sections.
Tubers have a heavily, and uniformly, russeted skin and white flesh.
Tubers have a medium dormancy.
Tubers have a number of buds called eyes iii.
Tubers have a tendency to hollow heart when developed under conditions that develop large tubers.
Tubers have a tendency toward skinning.
Tubers have a white and slightly netted skin.
Tubers have all of the characteristics of normal stems including dormant buds, called eyes.
Tubers have brown streaks and roots are growing from inside tubers.
Tubers have buds.
Tubers have few internal and external defects.
Tubers have high specific gravity and light fry colour after storage.
Tubers have medium to deep eyes, white flesh and low specific gravity.
Tubers have no tunic.
Tubers have nodes.
Tubers have several growing points, called eyes.
Tubers have similar structures.
Tubers have skin.
Tubers have smooth skin.
Tubers have structures.
Tubers have threadlike tunnels with corky brown tissue.
Tubers have tough skin.
Tubers have very good red colour which is retained during storage.
Tubers infected by late blight are especially susceptible to soft rot.
Tubers keep better in soil than in a warm, dry home.
Tubers lack a basal plate.
Tubers make food for muskrats.
Tubers move easily.
Tubers radiate out from the dahlia crown like the spokes of a wagon wheel.
Tubers remain on the bus.
Tubers rot slowly or rapidly in field or storage.
Tubers separate easily from stolons and have a short dormancy.
Tubers separate easily from stolons.
Tubers separate easily from the stolons and have a medium dormancy.
Tubers separate readily from stolons, but there is a tendency toward skinning.
Tubers show silvery- gray patches, covered with black dots.
Tubers show slimy, black, stem-end rot.
Tubers sprout early.
Tubers taste bitter .
Tubers taste mildly almond-like .
Tubers tend to be large and can sometimes develop hollow heart and internal necrosis.
Tubers tend to skin during harvest and handling.
Tubers tend to skin.
Tubers often persist in the soil, making established plants difficult to control.
Most tubers become plants.
Most tubers contain food.
Most tubers contain starches.
Most tubers grow roots.
Most tubers have buds.
Most tubers have nodes.
Most tubers have similar structures.
Most tubers have skin.
Most tubers have smooth skin.
Most tubers have structures.
Most tubers have tough skin.
Most tubers root from the bottom.
Some tubers contain juice.
Some tubers have activities.
Some tubers have antibiotic activities.
Some tubers have eyes.
Some tubers have insect holes part way down from the crown.
A tubercle is an appendage
Tubercles are correspondingly small, dense and often slightly sunken.
Tubercles are lesions.
Tubercles are modified scales that slope anteriorly and point posteriorly.
Tubercles are preforate and crenulate.
Tubercles are starch roots like potatoes and sweet potatoes.
Tubercles can grow together, eventually becoming a severe impediment to cooling water flow.
Tubercles cover the upper surface of the body, making it appear as if the fish is covered by warts.
Tubercular aetiology is difficult to prove.
Tubercular meningitis is caused by spread of tuberculosis from another site in the body.
Tubercular parotitis is an extremely rare clinical condition which is difficult to diagnose.
Tuberculosis Control furnishes information, screening, treatment after diagnosis and follow-up.
Tuberculosis control involves a hierarchy of interventions.
Tuberculosis prevention is an important and cost-effective public health activity.
Tuberculosis affects white tail deer.
Tuberculosis apparently can be in a fish for years without any harm.
Tuberculosis attacks lungs.
Tuberculosis begins to develop.
Tuberculosis can affect anyone of any age.
Tuberculosis can affect anyone.
Tuberculosis can also present as orbital mass, or as a eyelid abscesses.
Tuberculosis can be deadly if untreated.
Tuberculosis can be effectively and completely treated with appropriate antibiotic therapy.
Tuberculosis can be fatal.
Tuberculosis can increase the risk.
Tuberculosis can spread from a spinal focus by direct extension through the disc space.
Tuberculosis can spread to the community when inmates and workers leave the jail.
Tuberculosis causes diseases.
Tuberculosis causes more deaths worldwide than any other bacterial disease.
Tuberculosis causes more maternal deaths than all other causes of maternal death put together.
Tuberculosis Click on the graph to go to the data table.
Tuberculosis continues to be a major health problem in the United States.
Tuberculosis continues to threaten public safety personnel, also.
Tuberculosis creates more orphaned children than any other infectious disease.
Tuberculosis deserves special mention.
Tuberculosis destroys the lungs and causes death as a person finds it difficult to breathe.
Tuberculosis develops in two stages.
Tuberculosis Discuss one general approach to new vaccine discovery.
Tuberculosis epidemic among hospital personnel .
Tuberculosis epidemic among hospital personnel.
Tuberculosis has a tendency to be a chronic ailment.
Tuberculosis has a variety of stages of disease which have different radiographic appearances.
Tuberculosis has a worldwide distribution.
Tuberculosis involving the lymph nodes of the neck, usually occurs in early life.
Tuberculosis is a airborne disease caused by very small bacteria.
Tuberculosis is a bacterial disease that attacks the lungs.
Tuberculosis is a bacterial disease that most often affects the lungs.
Tuberculosis is a bacterial infection that can infect a person's lungs or other parts of the body.
Tuberculosis is a chronic communicable disease caused by a variety of tubercle bacilli.
Tuberculosis is a common problem in non-human primates.
Tuberculosis is a communicable disease that is caused by a microorganism.
Tuberculosis is a contagious and potentially life-threatening disease transmitted through the air.
Tuberculosis is a contagious disease.
Tuberculosis is a disease closely linked with poverty.
Tuberculosis is a disease of poverty and is exacerbatedby poor sanitation and living conditions.
Tuberculosis is a disease of the poor, and the migration increases it.
Tuberculosis is a disease that can be spread from person to person through the air.
Tuberculosis is a disease that infects millions worldwide each year.
Tuberculosis is a disease that is caused by a bacteria.
Tuberculosis is a disease usually found in the lungs.
Tuberculosis is a disease with protean manifestations.
Tuberculosis is a disease.
Tuberculosis is a global epidemic that has reached staggering morbidity and mortality rates.
Tuberculosis is a growing and potentially deadly problem in correctional institutions.
Tuberculosis is a growing global menace that kills more people than any other infectious disease.
Tuberculosis is a human problem.
Tuberculosis is a lung disease caused by a type of bacteria called mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tuberculosis is a major barrier to social and economic development.
Tuberculosis is a major cause of preventable suffering and death in women.
Tuberculosis is a major health problem in the world.
Tuberculosis is a major killer in developing countries around the world.
Tuberculosis is a major killer, particularly in developing countries.
Tuberculosis is a major problem.
Tuberculosis is a massive worldwide problem.
Tuberculosis is a political as much as a medical problem and so are the solutions.
Tuberculosis is a reportable disease.
Tuberculosis is a serious and growing threat to everyone.
Tuberculosis is a serious bacterial disease of the lungs.
Tuberculosis is a serious disease that has been increasing in prevalence.
Tuberculosis is a serious disease, potentially deadly, but it can be treated in most cases.
Tuberculosis is a serious health problem in South Texas.
Tuberculosis is a serious, chronic infection.
Tuberculosis is a serious, communicable disease of livestock and humans.
Tuberculosis is a treatable and curable disease.
Tuberculosis is a treatable disease if the client complies with the recommended treatment.
Tuberculosis is a treatable infectious disease.
Tuberculosis is a tricky opponent.
Tuberculosis is a type of infection that usually affects the lungs.
Tuberculosis is a very serious disease.
Tuberculosis is a very unique bacterial disease.
Tuberculosis is a world health problem of awe-inspiring proportions.
Tuberculosis is a worldwide problem, and Asia is particularly affected.
Tuberculosis is also a concern.
Tuberculosis is also a major cause of death in women of childbearing age.
Tuberculosis is also a major problem in the former Soviet republics.
Tuberculosis is also a problem in southern Africa.
Tuberculosis is also still around.
Tuberculosis is an acute or chronic contagious bacterial infection.
Tuberculosis is an aerosol-borne disease.
Tuberculosis is an airborne disease caused by very small bacteria.
Tuberculosis is an airborne disease spread only through prolonged, close-quarters contact.
Tuberculosis is an airborne disease that usually attacks the lungs.
Tuberculosis is an airborne disease.
Tuberculosis is an airborne illness and is easily treated when it is found.
Tuberculosis is an airborne infection that kills three million people each year.
Tuberculosis is an airborne pathogen that can defy any border.
Tuberculosis is an ancient disease that had been considered to be conquered till recently.
Tuberculosis is an especially important example.
Tuberculosis is an example of a microorganism that is becoming more resistant to treatment.
Tuberculosis is an example of how disease has become a truly international problem.
Tuberculosis is an example.
Tuberculosis is an infection caused by a bacteria, mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Tuberculosis is an infection caused by bacteria and usually affects the lungs.
Tuberculosis is an infection caused by slow-growing bacteria.
Tuberculosis is an infection that can affect the lungs, among other organs of the body.
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease of humans and animals.
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease spread by coughing, spitting or sneezing.
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease that primarily involves the lungs.
Tuberculosis is an infectious disease
Tuberculosis is an ubiquitous disease.
Tuberculosis is another concern.
Tuberculosis is another disease shared by humans and monkeys.
Tuberculosis is as simple and cheap to cure as it is easy to spread.
Tuberculosis is at epidemic proportions, aid workers say.
Tuberculosis is bacterial infection.
Tuberculosis is begins in the lungs.
Tuberculosis is by no means a disease of the past.
Tuberculosis is caused by a bacteria, Mycobacteria tuberculosis .
Tuberculosis is caused by a germ, a specific bacterium.
Tuberculosis is caused by a germ.
Tuberculosis is caused by a microorganism that infects both humans and animals.
Tuberculosis is caused by an airborne germ called tubercle bacillus.
Tuberculosis is chronic conditions.
Tuberculosis is common among people who have been in prison or jail.
Tuberculosis is common in areas where there is dirt, overcrowding and malnourishment.
Tuberculosis is common in many prisons worldwide and treatment is often ill-informed and inadequate.
Tuberculosis is communicable and preventable.
Tuberculosis is communicable though preventable and potentially fatal though treatable.
Tuberculosis is completely curable.
Tuberculosis is considered a contagious disease that can be spread through casual contact.
Tuberculosis is considered active until cured.
Tuberculosis is contagious when it is airborne and can be inhaled by others.
Tuberculosis is contagious, but in a social sense so is schizophrenia.
Tuberculosis is covered by the Infectious Diseases Act.
Tuberculosis is curable, but in India it continues to kill one person every minute.
Tuberculosis is currently one of the biggest health threats to the world's population.
Tuberculosis is currently the world's leading cause of adult death for a single infectious disease.
Tuberculosis is different in that the timing is very different.
Tuberculosis is diseases.
Tuberculosis is endemic and asthma is common.
Tuberculosis is endemic and common among residents of the poorer areas.
Tuberculosis is endemic in the human population in Southeast Asia and captive elephants are at risk.
Tuberculosis is endemic, and complications from it are common causes of admission.
Tuberculosis is epidemic, with the children bearing the brunt of the problem.
Tuberculosis is found worldwide.
Tuberculosis is frequent among adults in all regions of the country.
Tuberculosis is highly treatable through a course of antibiotics.
Tuberculosis is infectious diseases.
Tuberculosis is known to acquire resistance to drugs that are given to patients inefficiently.
Tuberculosis is known to have been one of the oldest diseases of mankind.
Tuberculosis is no longer a public hazard in Canada, or a problem for the individual patient.
Tuberculosis is now the top infectious disease killer of adults worldwide.
Tuberculosis is on the rise again, mostly due to immigration.
Tuberculosis is on the rise among the general public.
Tuberculosis is on the rise in India.
Tuberculosis is on the rise now.
Tuberculosis is one bacteria that is hard to fight.
Tuberculosis is one example.
Tuberculosis is one of the major public health issues in East Timor.
Tuberculosis is one of the most ancient human diseases.
Tuberculosis is one of the oldest diseases of humans.
Tuberculosis is one of the oldest scourges to mankind.
Tuberculosis is one type disease which can be easily spread by small particles in the air.
Tuberculosis is only transmissible from human to human.
Tuberculosis is predominantly a public health problem in developing countries.
Tuberculosis is preventable and generally curable, but can be fatal if left untreated.
Tuberculosis is preventable, and can be cured when proper diagnosis and treatment are rendered.
Tuberculosis is probably the most important infectious disease which afflicts mankind.
Tuberculosis is quite common in developing countries.
Tuberculosis is rampant.
Tuberculosis is really a great risk.
Tuberculosis is resurgent in both developing and industrialized countries.
Tuberculosis is resurgent.
Tuberculosis is spread by aerosolized tuberculli spread in saliva or exhaled air.
Tuberculosis is spread from a infected person to a non-infected person.
Tuberculosis is spread from person to person through the air.
Tuberculosis is spread person to person through air.
Tuberculosis is spread through respiratory secretions emitted by coughing.
Tuberculosis is spread through the air from one person to another.
Tuberculosis is spread through the air.
Tuberculosis is still a common disease.
Tuberculosis is still a disease one has to know and be aware of.
Tuberculosis is still major public health problem in the philippines.
Tuberculosis is still present in India.
Tuberculosis is still prevalent.
Tuberculosis is the example that comes to mind.
Tuberculosis is the leading cause of adult mortality due to infection in the world.
Tuberculosis is the leading cause of death due to a single infectious agent worldwide.
Tuberculosis is the leading infectious killer of adults.
Tuberculosis is the most common fatal infectious disease in the world today.
Tuberculosis is the result of the misuse of the energy of the second ray.
Tuberculosis is the second leading cause of death from an infectious disease.
Tuberculosis is the second leading disease killer.
Tuberculosis is the second leading infectious-disease killer that knows no boundaries.
Tuberculosis is the second most deadly infectious disease in the world today.
Tuberculosis is the world's leading cause of death from a single infectious agent.
Tuberculosis is the world's leading cause of death from a single infectious organism.
Tuberculosis is the world's leading cause of death from infectious diseases.
Tuberculosis is transmissible to sensitive individuals.
Tuberculosis is transmitted from person to person via a.
Tuberculosis is transmitted through the air by infectious particles called droplet nuclei.
Tuberculosis is transmitted through the air or through contact with infected surfaces.
Tuberculosis is transmitted through the air, particularly after an infected person coughs.
Tuberculosis is Transmitted.
Tuberculosis is treatable with antibiotics.
Tuberculosis is treated with a combination of drugs.
Tuberculosis is treated with a course of antibiotics, usually taken for many months.
Tuberculosis is truly an economic as well as a public health burden.
Tuberculosis is usually a chronic pneumonia, but can mimic many other common respiratory infections.
Tuberculosis is widespread in the Black population in our neighborhoods.
Tuberculosis is worldwide.
Tuberculosis isa disease.
Tuberculosis kills more people today than any other infectious disease.
Tuberculosis kills more women than all causes of maternal mortaltiy combined.
Tuberculosis kills more women worldwide than all causes of maternal mortality.
Tuberculosis meningitis at a large inner-city medical center.
Tuberculosis offers a sobering example.
Tuberculosis passes from person to person through the air, often through a cough or a sneeze.
Tuberculosis persists as a problem of great dimensions.
Tuberculosis poses a real threat to prisoners, staff and the general public.
Tuberculosis poses major threat to Philippines.
Tuberculosis presents a unique problem in that it can be contracted via respiratory transmission.
Tuberculosis progresses insidiously during the initiation period.
Tuberculosis remains a global problem of enormous magnitude.
Tuberculosis remains a major problem throughout the world.
Tuberculosis remains a major public health threat in Texas.
Tuberculosis remains a serious health problem in the United States and worldwide.
Tuberculosis remains a serious problem in urban areas.
Tuberculosis remains a very serious health problem in the U.S. and worldwide.
Tuberculosis remains the leading cause of death worldwide due to a single infectious agent.
Tuberculosis remains the leading infectious disease cause of death in the world today.
Tuberculosis remains the single largest infectious cause of death world-wide.
Tuberculosis requires special treatment.
Tuberculosis runs a close second and malaria is third.
Tuberculosis screening, diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up is now available.
Tuberculosis seems to be under control.
Tuberculosis spreads through aerial way and through direct contact.
Tuberculosis still is a very important disease worldwide.
Tuberculosis still remains the leading cause of adult death from infectious disease.
Tuberculosis stubbornly persists as a major worldwide health problem.
Tuberculosis takes a long time to treat, often over a year.
Tuberculosis then uses it to reproduce which causes it to grow.
Tuberculosis often affects the lungs, but it can also affect any part of the body.
Tuberculosis usually affects the lungs, but sometimes can affect other organs.
Tuberculosis usually begins as a small inflamed area in one lung, which turns into a cavity.
Tuberculosis usually causes lung disease but almost any part of the body can be affected.
Most tuberculosis causes diseases.
Some tuberculosis affects growth.
Some tuberculosis causes tuberculosis.
Tuberculous meningitis causes more deaths than any other form of tuberculosis.
Tuberculous meningitis is fatal if untreated.
Tuberculous meningitis requires specialized treatment.
Tuberculous prostatitis is usually due to hematogenous spread from the lung.
Tuberculous spondylitis is a complex disease with varied manifestations.
A tuberose is a flower
Tuberoses bloom only once in seven years.
Tuberoses thrive in sunny spots and bloom in late summer.
Most tuberous anemones prefer sandy soil amended with organic matter.
A tuberous begonia is a begonia
Tuberous begonia start very slowly.
Tuberous begonias are begonias.
Tuberous begonias are easily wintered.
Tuberous begonias are much tougher than many people realize.
Tuberous begonias are one of the few highly colourful plants which can be grown in partial shade.
Tuberous begonias are wonderful in hanging baskets, small pots, or in the garden bed.
Tuberous begonias come in colors from white through yellow and orange to deep red.
Tuberous begonias do best in a location that has partial to full shade and well-drained soil.
Tuberous begonias do go dormant even when they are growing indoors.
Tuberous begonias grow best in partial shade.
Tuberous begonias grow in deep shade and display some of the most vibrant colors found in flowers.
Tuberous begonias have a very long blooming season.
Tuberous begonias have much larger, slightly hairy leaves and large, bold flowers.
Tuberous begonias like to go dormant in the winter.
Most tuberous begonias have spectacular flowers in summer and autumn.
Tuberous breasts get their name from being shaped like a tube.
Tuberous plants produce long branches which descend into the soil.
Tuberous root is the major storage organ of sweet potato.
Tuberous roots are actually roots that are specialized to store nutrients.
Tuberous roots grow just below the surface and new ones grow from the old stems.
Tuberous roots look like tubers, but are actually swollen, nutrient-storing root tissue.
Tuberous sclerosis can appear as a new mutation.
Tuberous sclerosis causes growths in the brain, eyes, heart, kidney, skin or lungs.
Tuberous sclerosis is a complex of hamartomatous changes involving the brain and skin.
Tuberous sclerosis is a rare condition that is inherited.
Tuberous sclerosis is an autosomal dominant condition of multiple tumors.
Tuberous sclerosis is associated commonly with renal angiomyolipoma.
Tuberous sclerosis is currently the second largest identifiable genetic cause of autism.
Tuberous sclerosis is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait.
Tuberous sclerosis is the most common neurocutaneous syndrome after neurofibromatosis.
Tubewell commercialization is underway.
Most tubicolous polychaetes are either deposit feeders or filter feeders.
Tubing allows distinct samples to be taken from a variety of known depths.
Tubing also routes over the patients head for greater freedom of movement.
Tubing can be dangerous.
Tubing carries sap from the maples to a collection point.
Tubing comes a in wide range of sizes, colors, and materials.
Tubing comes in a wide range of sizes, colors, and materials.
Tubing comes in both extruded plastic and silicon tubing.
Tubing costs much less.
Tubing filled with shot shows the reflection of a transverse pulse from a fixed end.
Tubing fits one electrical cord.
Tubing gives customers yet another option.
Tubing has (part) readsides.
Tubing has (part) sections.
Tubing is a conduit
Tubing is a great addition to any cage.
Tubing is a great family activity.
Tubing is a great summer sport and is easy to learn.
Tubing is a perfect way to cool down on a warm summer day.
Tubing is aligned and pushed to form a weld.
Tubing is also popular here.
Tubing is always in contact with the hot blade to ensure sterility.
Tubing is always the most expensive form, for any material.
Tubing is another popular water activity.
Tubing is another thrilling activity that has taken off with non-skiers and skiers alike.
Tubing is another voyage that can be taken down the river.
Tubing is artifacts.
Tubing is attached to plastic spiles.
Tubing is available in a wide range of lengths and S-bend offsets.
Tubing is available in a wide range of lengths.
Tubing is available in round, square, rectangular, hex, and other custom shapes.
Tubing is available in the Townsend area.
Tubing is available.
Tubing is chrome-plated.
Tubing is closed for the season.
Tubing is considered a great sport for thrill-seekers.
Tubing is cut to length with a knife, tubing cutter or shears.
Tubing is filled with water at a high pressure for a specified period of time to check for leaks.
Tubing is flexible, and is laid without joints.
Tubing is free of obstruction and ready to telescope together immediately after cutting.
Tubing is fully radiopaque and has large eyelets to reduce clogging.
Tubing is galvanized to prevent rust.
Tubing is held in place by rubber gasketing on top of the trough and the door.
Tubing is held in vise.
Tubing is inserted in the midline at the lower back.
Tubing is installed in the slab.
Tubing is mandrel bent and systems incorporate all-welded construction.
Tubing is marine grade anodized, high-strength aluminum alloy.
Tubing is pipes.
Tubing is polished lacquered brass.
Tubing is provided for supplying oil to the bearings.
Tubing is required to contain the vibrating air only at the pressure points.
Tubing is run from the microprocessor s heat sink to the outside of the computer case.
Tubing is secured to the sub-floor and a lightweight concrete mix applied over the top.
Tubing is selected from various suppliers.
Tubing is taped underneath to constitute the release mechanism.
Tubing is the most popular activity in town.
Tubing is used as a direct replacement for traditional sheet metal duct.
Tubing is used in much the same way as soutache.
Tubing isa conduit.
Tubing made from a copper-nickel alloy is used in desalination plants.
Tubing puts a smile on the faces of the entire family.
Tubing refers to floating down a river lying in a tire inner-tube.
Tubing requires little space.
Tubing runs behind walls from the inlet valves to the power unit.
Tubing takes skill too.
All tubing is annealed unless otherwise specified.
All tubing is continuously line marked over the tube length.
All tubing is heavy gauge, high strength, cold roll steel.
All tubing is priced per foot.
All tubing is seamless with machined edges.
Some tubing is straight gauge, single, double or even triple butted.
Tubman students learn embroidery There s high tech, there s low tech, and then there s tradition.
Tubular adenomas are much less likely to develop cancer than are villous adenomas.
Tubular adenomas are usually less than a centimeter in diameter.
Tubular arms are powder coated black.
Tubular breasts have a very narrow base and usually a long skin envelope.
Tubular carcinoma is composed of small glands or tubules that take variable shapes.
Tubular carcinomas have an excellent prognosis and are ideally suited for conservative therapy.
Some tubular damage explains values.
Tubular design gives increased visibility.
Tubular designs can be computer generated or input by user.
Tubular filters are for high flow rates, low solids loading and continuous operation.
Tubular filters are ideal for high-rate filtration applications.
Tubular flowers appear in summer.
Tubular flowers attract birds.
Tubular flowers have odor.
Tubular flowers have unpleasant odor.
Tubular flowers help lure pollinators with long beaks and tongues, such as hummingbirds.
Tubular flowers produce nectar.
Most tubular flowers appear in summer.
Most tubular flowers attract birds.
Most tubular flowers have odor.
Most tubular flowers have unpleasant odor.
Most tubular flowers produce nectar.
Some tubular flowers develop into seeds.
Tubular fluid entering the distal tubule is isosmotic to plasma.
Tubular fluid is an ultrafiltrate, meaning that it is relatively free of plasma proteins.
Tubular goods are the thin-walled fixture drain and trap parts used beneath sinks and washbasins.
Tubular immaturity exists.
Some tubular lamps have an electrical contact at either end.
Tubular locks are less expensive than other type residential locks.
Tubular membranes have several advantages.
Tubular muscles occur in the legs of most insect species.
Tubular nostrils extend beyond upper lip.
Tubular organs have distinct tissue layers in the wall.
Tubular posts are stronger, have smooth walls and no edges, to chafe or soil the tent.
Tubular projections grow from the mature gall when the gall-maker wasps are ready to emerge.
Tubular reabsorption is a highly selective process.
Tubular reabsorption is a non-specific process.
Tubular reabsorption is quantitatively much more important than tubular secretion.
Tubular reabsorption occurs in the distal tubule .
Much Tubular reabsorption is by active transport processes, performed by cells in the tubule wall.
Tubular rims are a different story, however.
Tubular secretion helps the kidney remove a. some unfiltered wastes.
Tubular secretion is a significant mode of renal elimination.
Tubular secretion is also lower in infants than in adults.
Tubular secretion is always an active process.
Tubular secretion is another way of getting waste materials into the urine.
Tubular secretion is by active transport.
Tubular secretion is caused mainly by active transport .
Tubular secretion is the transfer of materials from peritubular capillaries to renal tubular lumen.
Tubular secretion means the addition of a substance to the filtrate in the tubule lumen.
Tubular secretion requires a good blood supply to the tubules.
Tubular secretion serves the purposes of waste removal and acid-base balance.
Tubular secretion takes place in the proximal tubule of the nephron.
Some tubular secretion occurs in proximal tubules.
Some tubular secretion occurs in tubules.
Tubular skylights are relatively new on the scene.
Tubular skylights are the most requested home improvement item today.
Tubular sleeves offer full thread engagement over stock split sleeve units.
Tubular stanchions can withstand heavy compression loads but cope poorly with side loads.
Tubular stand is fast and easy to set up.
Some tubular structures fill with rainwater.
Tubular tails are the best for stunt kites.
Tubular transport separates drugs from binding proteins, which commonly protect other cells.
Tubularia colonies form dense pinkish growths on pilings, buoys and jetties.
Tubule walls are enclosed by elastic membranes.
Tubule walls are enclosed by membranes.
A tubule is a structure
Tubule isa body part.
Tubules are channels of cells that house spermatocytes in testes.
Tubules are surrounded by a thin layer of contractile myoid cells .
Tubules are tubes.
Tubules collect fluid.
Tubules contain amyloid casts.
Tubules contain many useful substances.
Tubules contain substances.
Tubules have (part) corpi.
Tubules remove serum phosphate, urate, urinary amino acids, etc.
Most tubules collect fluid.
Most tubules contain many useful substances.
Most tubules contain substances.
Most tubules show spermatozoa present in their lumen.
Some tubules are surrounded by capillaries.
Some tubules are surrounded by sheaths.
Some tubules carry a minute amount of poison capable of paralysing or killing small animals.
Some tubules carry urine.
Some tubules collect minerals.
Some tubules collect waste.
Some tubules contain blood.
Some tubules contain circulate blood.
Some tubules contain urea.
Some tubules draw water.
Some tubules excrete waste.
Some tubules go from pole to pole and lengthen during mitosis and meiosis.
Some tubules have capacity.
Some tubules have functions.
Some tubules have walls.
Some tubules remove metabolic waste.
Some tubules remove waste.
Tuck time means snack time.
A tuck is a position
Tuck continues to lead through innovation and strategic partnering.
Tuck edges underneath board.
Tuck ends inside the body.
Tuck ends under and brush with butter.
Tuck ends under and pinch together.
Tuck ends under and place on a greased baking sheet.
Tuck ends under and sew in place.
Tuck ends under breast, forming a ball.
Tuck ends under to seal at end of braid.
Tuck ends under to seal ends of braid.
Tuck ends under to seal.
Tuck ends under.
Tuck ends underneath the fish, creating a sealed pocket.
Tuck ends underneath, creating a sealed pocket.
Tuck files a motion seeking a number of standard psychiatric and eye examinations of Bud.
Tuck is a sinkerball pitcher.
Tuck is fertile ground for mindset change.
Tuck is in the process of building a new executive residence hall.
Tuck notes the Catholic hierarchy in America was virtually a pro-Franco monolith.
Tuck provides an intimate business school experience in a beautiful, rural setting.
Tuck resulting loop through knot behind front loop, pull resulting loop ends evenly and tighten up.
Tuck welcomes international students and embraces the global perspectives they provide.
Tucks are accented with ribbon roses.
Tucks are at each side of the closing in the back.
Tucks are fictional characters.
Tucks are optional.
Tucks are pleats.
Tucks are positions.
Tucks are television shows.
Tucks form a cup shape under the chin.
A tuckahoe is a hydrophytic plant
Tuckahoe includes many retirees, too.
Tuckahoe is a private home.
Tuckahoe is the only Indian name remaining in the county or the Township.
Tuckahoe is weary of second-class citizenship.
Tuckahoes are the underground resting stages of a fungus.
Tucked tails are the third variety of negative positions.
Tucker County is part of the Eastern West Virginia Rural Health Education Consortium.
A tucker is a yoke
Tucker agrees that it can be tough to work out the details.
Tucker alludes to the difficulties.
Tucker arrives moments later.
Tucker asks the students questions and praises each response with enthusiasm.
Tucker brings unique insights to the application of good governance principles and practices.
Tucker calms down and stop straining.
Tucker can be both guilty of a crime and a victim of selective prosecution.
Tucker continues to give the crowd a show that is unforgettable.
Tucker determine the best plan of the day, but our clients always make the final decision.
Tucker does admit, however, that despite many successes there's still work to be done.
Tucker enjoys being a web master and writing codes and scripts for the Internet.
Tucker generates vivid visuals and carries the reader on a rollercoaster ride.
Tucker introduces the letter, which is accompanied by an animal whose name starts with that letter.
Tucker is on the run, pursued by the police and believed to be a deadly villain.
Tucker lives in California.
Tucker looks at the role of proof in calculus.
Tucker loves 'em.
Tucker loves to play outdoors with other kids.
Tucker now appeals.
Tucker offers custom pricing during tournament season or a first come for served basis only.
Tucker oversees all administrative services, as well as special programs.
Tucker owns and runs the restaurant.
Tucker presents a complicated man, competitive and ambitious, sensitive and inventive.
Tucker provides a perspective on solvent density inhomogeneities in SCFs.
Tucker recognizes a similar wimpiness among liberals blind to the threat of corporate power.
Tucker relishes the adventure.
Tucker remains a professor of political science.
Tucker remembers it like it was yesterday.
Tucker reports that the field station has saved the beaks for future measurement.
Tucker sees media training as a worthwhile investment for companies.
Tucker starts gagging.
Tucker wears an apple motif bib and trousers.
Tucker writes essays and makes video programs aimed at saving kids from lives of crime.
Tucker writes on the different types of fats.
Tuckers are sewers.
Tuckers are yokes.
Tucson isa thing.
Tuesday isa weekday.
Tuff cones are very common on the north and south sides of the volcanic complex .
A tuff is a volcanic rock
Tuff consists of consolidated ash and characterizes violent volcanism.
Tuffy rings are plastic rings.
Tuft capuchins live in different habitats.
Tuft capuchins live in habitats.
Tuft capuchins live in many different habitats.
Most tuft capuchins live in different habitats.
Most tuft capuchins live in habitats.
Most tuft capuchins live in many different habitats.
Tuft deer have tails.
Most tuft deer have tails.
Some tuft deer have karyotypes.
Some tuft deer live in pairs.
Some tuft saxifrages grow on walls.
A tuft is a cluster
Tuft isa bunch.
Tuft isa clump.
Tuft isa cluster.
Tufts appear to sit on the middle of the head above the eyes.
Tufts are bunchs.
Tufts are crests.
Tufts are easy to use and clean for wind-on flow visualization.
Tufts are flaps of skin.
Tufts are pieces of yarn that are taped or glued to the model.
Tufts are tightly rooted and hard to remove.
Tufts use the contract payment to provide financial assistance to the selected students.
Tufte also goes into the history, and purpose of each type of graphical portrayal.
Tufte argues that the existence of visual lists engenders a sence of unity.
Tufte does it again.
Tufte is a guru of information design.
Tufte is an excellent speaker, with a quick wit and sense of humor.
Tufte is delighted.
Tufte recommends the colors found in nature as ideal for the envisioning of information.
Tufte says good graphical design requires a combination of text, numbers and images.
Tufte shows that effective writing sometimes transcends the use of words.
Tufte tackles the difficult task of visualizing data in a manner that is meaningful and clear.
Tufte teaches the fundamentals of graphics, charts, maps and tables.
Tufted saxifrage grows in tight tussocks, almost carpeting the ground.
Tugs of war are bad for a puppy's disposition.
A tug is pull
Tug goes home.
Tug is a friendly guy who likes people and dogs and does a lot of tail-wagging.
TUG reserves the right to edit or delete any that seem too long or misleading.
Tugs are available and compulsory for docking and undocking inside the harbor.
Tugs are available from Patras, if requested.
Tugs are indispensable vessels.
Tugs are pull.
Tugs are ships.
Tugs are small harbor craft for towing.
Tugs can carry more with their pods.
Tugs continue till the affect travels around the world.
Tugs explores the fascinating stories, mechanics and lore of the world's hardest-working boats.
Tugs get underway and they toot and they whistle.
Tugs is fun for adults and most especially for kids.
Tugs offers a rare, close-up look at working tugboats around the world.
Tugs provide direction and even power to combat the forces of the current.
Tugs sleep up to six people with at least one private stateroom, usually placed forward.
Tugs usually join vessel near anchorage area.
Some tugs can turn in their own length.
A tugboat is a boat
Tugboats also make their rounds, pulling log booms from the dry land sort at the head of the Bay.
Tugboats are boats.
Tugboats are extremely popular with scale modelers.
Tugboats are motorboats.
Tugboats are vessels.
Tugboats escort ships in and out of the port of Jacksonville, Florida.
Tugboats maneuver the Wisconsin downriver toward Norfolk.
Tugboats monitor ch.
Tugboats pass in review for the camera and to the excitement of onlookers in their pleasure boats.
Tugboats Working on a tugboat can be quite unusual and exciting.
A tugger is a worker
Tugger has a chance.
Tuggings are fighting.
Tug-of-war isa conflict.
Tuition assistance comes from a variety of sources.
Tuition assistance covers degrees in most fields other than hobby or recreational areas.
Tuition assistance is also available.
Tuition assistance is available - click here for more information.
Tuition assistance is available - click here for more.
Tuition assistance is available at both sites.
Tuition assistance is available based on financial hardship.
Tuition assistance is available for a few qualified applicants.
Tuition assistance is available for all levels of study, from high school to graduate level.
Tuition assistance is available for both programs, pending funding.
Tuition assistance is available for demonstrated financial hardship.
Tuition assistance is available for eligible families.
Tuition assistance is available for full-time, seniority employees.
Tuition assistance is available for lower income children.
Tuition assistance is available for parish families.
Tuition assistance is available for qualified applicants.
Tuition assistance is available for qualifying families.
Tuition assistance is available for qualifying in-parish families.
Tuition assistance is available for students on free or reduced lunch.
Tuition assistance is available on a competitive basis.
Tuition assistance is available to assist active Catholic families.
Tuition assistance is available to civil service employees.
Tuition assistance is available to grade school families.
Tuition assistance is available to qualified students and veterans.
Tuition assistance is available.
Tuition assistance is awarded for credit courses.
Tuition assistance is awarded through each school.
Tuition assistance is based on a sliding fee scale, according to family income.
Tuition assistance is considered taxable income .
Tuition assistance is determined by the family's annual income.
Tuition assistance is limited and is on a first come first-served basis.
Tuition assistance is made available to preschool age children whose parents work full or part-time.
Tuition assistance is provided as well.
Tuition assistance is provided for any student who needs it.
Some tuition assistance is available for qualifying students.
Some tuition assistance is available to qualified families, beyond the reduced parish rate.
Some tuition assistance is available.
A tuition fee is a fee
Tuition fee includes exam.
Tuition fee includes lab fee.
Tuition fee includes make-up kit and supplies.
Tuition fee includes materials fee.
Tuition fee is approx.
Tuition fee is by donation only, no set amount.
Tuition fee is charged for an R, and the course is listed on the student's permanent record.
Tuition fee is negotiated on degree of participation and supervision.
Tuition fee is waived for all students.
Tuition fees apply for international students - details are available here .
Tuition fees apply to distance education courses in addition to the fees listed within each course.
Tuition fees are a barrier, adding to the idea that higher education is expensive.
Tuition fees are also highly competitive.
Tuition fees are an issue but poverty is a real problem.
Tuition fees are annual unless otherwise stated,and they are subject to annual revision.
Tuition fees are deeply unpopular.
Tuition fees are due and payable the first day of class.
Tuition fees are due and payable the first of every month.
Tuition fees are due at the time of registration but no later than the day before classes begin.
Tuition fees are due by the beginning of classes each semester.
Tuition fees are due for all years of all courses, including sandwich years.
Tuition fees are due on enrollment.
Tuition fees are due on enrolment.
Tuition fees are due when classes begin each year.
Tuition fees are due, in full, at matriculation.
Tuition fees are extra.
Tuition fees are fully refundable except for cancellation without notice.
Tuition fees are in addition to the program fees.
Tuition fees are in United States dollars.
Tuition fees are income tax deductible for students, spouses or parents.
Tuition fees are less than in America and the United Kingdom.
Tuition fees are low and accommodation first-class.
Tuition fees are low.
Tuition fees are neither refundable nor transferrable.
Tuition fees are nominal.
Tuition fees are non-refundable after the tenth day of classes.
Tuition fees are non-refundable.
Tuition fees are obligatory when repeating a given course due to unsatisfactory marks.
Tuition fees are only one aspect to consider.
Tuition fees are payable annually at the beginning of each year of a student's course.
Tuition fees are payable at registration.
Tuition fees are payable at the beginning of each year of a student's course.
Tuition fees are payable at the time of enrollment.
Tuition fees are payable at the time of registration.
Tuition fees are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
Tuition fees are payable in advance on a semester basis.
Tuition fees are payable in advance on a semesterly basis.
Tuition fees are payable in full at the beginning of the course.
Tuition fees are payable in full for any portion of an academic quarter of attendance.
Tuition fees are payable in three installments.
Tuition fees are payable in two installments.
Tuition fees are payable the first day of the workshop.
Tuition fees are refundable only if application for enrollment is denied.
Tuition fees are subject to annual review.
Tuition fees are subject to change due to legislative action.
Tuition fees are subject to change from year to year.
Tuition fees are subject to change without notice.
Tuition fees are subject to change.
Tuition fees are tax deductible and include all manuals and lab fees.
Tuition fees are tax deductible.
Tuition fees are the same as for degree programmes.
Tuition fees are to be paid before the first class.
Tuition fees are transferable.
Tuition fees are usually due at the beginning of each term.
Tuition fees are usually one-half of the regular course fee.
Tuition fees continue to be paid to the home institution.
Tuition fees continue to rise relative to income.
Tuition fees cover course materials, lunches, and bus transportation between hotel and factory.
Tuition fees cover only a small portion of each student's educational costs.
Tuition fees cover registration, tuition, examination and graduation and are paid annually.
Tuition fees depend on the course chosen.
Tuition fees generate the annual operating budget.
Tuition fees help to provide the cost of dinners, educational materials and all craft supplies.
Tuition fees increase faster than inflation.
Tuition fees is collected for English medium only as per rules.
Tuition fees paid by members of staff are the same as for all other students.
Tuition fees paid by students include an activity fee.
Tuition fees paid for certificate courses qualify for the federal tuition fee credit.
Tuition fees pay for the teaching assistants and center supplies.
Tuition fees Refer to the course descriptions for the appropriate fees.
Tuition fees transport Workbook use of cylinder, air and lead included.
Tuition fees vary according to program and length of study.
Tuition Fees vary by program.
Tuition fees vary depending on the length of the course.
Tuition fees vary depending on the program in which the student is enrolled.
Tuition fees vary depending on the province, university and degree.
Tuition fees vary depending on which grade the oldest child is in.
Tuition fees vary enormously, depending on the UK university or college and the subjects chosen.
Tuition fees vary for different programs.
Tuition fees vary from one institution to another and also between courses.
Tuition fees vary from year to year.
Tuition fees vary per diploma program.
Tuition fees vary, depending on the course of registration.
All tuition fees are non-refundable.
All tuition fees are payable at the time of registration.
All tuition fees are payable in U.S. currency only.
All tuition fees are payable on or before the first of the month.
All tuition fees are payable on the first of each month.
All tuition fees are subject to revision.
Tuition insurance is available.
Tuition insurance is recommended for parents of first-time campers.
Tuition loans are also available.
Tuition payment is based on the number of units assigned.
Tuition payment is deferred for students who get tuition reimbursement from their employer.
Tuition payment is due and payable by the first class or lesson.
Tuition payment is due and payable prior to the start of each course.
Tuition payment is due at the first class.
Tuition payment is due at the time of registration.
Tuition payment is due at time of registration.
Tuition payment is due before the first class.
Tuition payment is due by the first day of class.
Tuition payment is due each quarter following registration.
Tuition payment is due on a trimester basis for each new trimester.
Tuition payment is due on the day of very late registration.
Tuition payment is due on the first day of classes.
Tuition payment is due upon registration.
Tuition payment is one-time only for each course.
Tuition payment is requested prior to the first day of classes.
Tuition payment is required at registration.
Tuition payment plans All fees and accounts are payable each semester in advance.
Tuition payment varies by branch of service.
Tuition payments apply to specified time periods.
Tuition payments are due approximately three weeks prior to the start of classes.
Tuition payments are due by the first day of each month.
Tuition payments are due four times a year, twice for each semester.
Tuition payments are due on or before the first class of each month.
Tuition payments are due on the first of each month.
Tuition payments are the principal source of financing for the schools.
Tuition payments cover all course materials, lectures and instrument time.
Tuition payments cover only a portion of our expenses.
All tuition payments are due on the first of each month and past due on the fifth.
All tuition payments are due on time.
All tuition payments are due the last day of the term.
All tuition payments have to be made in full prior to the beginning of the course.
Tuition accounts for the vast majority of school income.
Tuition also includes all books and materials.
Tuition also includes all meals except one dinner.
Tuition also includes lodging and meals while attending the eight residential sessions.
Tuition also represents only a portion of the actual costs involved in medical education.
Tuition also varies according to the length of the class.
Tuition applies to all courses whether taken for credit, audit or no credit.
Tuition applies to independent studies, projects and internships as well as formal courses.
Tuition becomes a problem for students who are attending multiple campuses.
Tuition beginners to yachtmaster.
Tuition benefits for dependents of rehired employees begins following three years of new service.
Tuition benefits for dependents.
Tuition benefits for employee, spouse, and dependent children.
Tuition breaks An interesting concept.
Tuition can be costly.
Tuition can be pricey.
Tuition can only go so high.
Tuition can run thousands of dollars.
Tuition can vary widely between colleges.
Tuition changes annually.
Tuition changes in programs are bona fide and effective on specific dates .
Tuition changes, if any, become effective with the fall semester each year.
Tuition charges for audited courses are the same as for courses taken for credit.
Tuition charges for each course or credit hour.
Tuition charges for international students are the same as for American students.
Tuition charges for locally sponsored classes vary.
Tuition charges to parents are a sharing of the total costs of instruction.
Tuition consists of a combination of lectures, classes and tutorials.
Tuition continues to be provided for the participants by sponsors.
Tuition continues to rise at an alarming rate.
Tuition continues to rise.
Tuition costs at colleges continues to increase above the rate of inflation.
Tuition costs at independent institutions vary widely.
Tuition costs at Minnesota private schools are modest, according to the analysis.
Tuition costs at Northland are lower than many other institutions in Minnesota.
Tuition costs even at state schools are a major barrier.
Tuition costs for auditing are the same as for credit.
Tuition costs for courses that are part of a degree program.
Tuition costs for credit courses are the same for all students.
Tuition costs for the academic year are one of the lowest in the state of Ohio.
Tuition covers a portion of the expenses while churches contribute over half of the needed amount.
Tuition covers all basic educational expenses except books, uniforms and lunches sold at school.
Tuition covers all books, training materials, and course fees.
Tuition covers all class materials, instruction fees and a course manual.
Tuition covers all costs for housing, meals, courses and extra curricular activities.
Tuition covers all course materials.
Tuition covers all expenses for meetings and materials.
Tuition covers all expenses for the entire expedition except airfare to and from staging cities.
Tuition covers all expenses once students arrive and includes a shirt.
Tuition covers all expenses, including copies of the readings, refreshments and tutor fees.
Tuition covers all food, accommodations and meals for the four weekends involved.
Tuition covers all instruction and field trips.
Tuition covers all program activities and supplies.
Tuition covers all program costs including facilities and meals at each session.
Tuition covers all program costs, meals and materials.
Tuition covers all required books, course materials, and group lunches on class days.
Tuition covers all seminar sessions, course materials and meals.
Tuition covers all the costs of the notebook computer.
Tuition covers all trip expenses except airfare and personal spending money.
Tuition covers approximately fifty-five percent of the total cost to educate a student.
Tuition covers books, room and board.
Tuition covers class materials and a project diskette.
Tuition covers class materials, class activities and individualized counseling during sessions.
Tuition covers classes, materials, lodging for two nights, meals, and activities.
Tuition covers cost of materials, lunch five days per week, an opening picnic and closing banquet.
Tuition covers costs.
Tuition covers course materials, a continental breakfast, lunch and snacks each day.
Tuition covers course materials.
Tuition covers daily lunch.
Tuition covers everything except food and lodging.
Tuition covers four months of intensive study.
Tuition covers housing and meals and most field trips and special events.
Tuition covers instruction, facilities, and some materials used within the regular programs.
Tuition covers lineage, venue transportation, meals, hotel accommodation, awards, and entertainment.
Tuition covers materials and supplies.
Tuition covers most ground transportation.
Tuition covers most materials, books and fees for the course.
Tuition covers only part of what it costs to run the school.
Tuition covers partial overhead costs of the workshop.
Tuition covers room, board, and all activities.
Tuition covers six months of attendance.
Tuition covers speaker fees, program materials, meals and accommodations for all overnight sessions.
Tuition covers textbooks and reading materials.
Tuition covers that student's share of class and office supplies, utilities, overhead and insurance.
Tuition covers the cost of all directed independent study courses.
Tuition covers the cost of meals, activities and materials.
Tuition covers the cost of operating the programs.
Tuition covers the cost of operations while donations pay for buildings and equipment.
Tuition covers the cost of the services of the health care professionals.
Tuition covers the costs of housing and meals and some field trips and special events.
Tuition covers the course handbook and the use of a data disk for all hands-on exercises.
Tuition covers the entire one-year program.
Tuition covers tools and materials.
Tuition covers training materials and lunch.
Tuition covers training, all materials and meals.
Tuition covers transportation to scheduled events and activities only.
Tuition covers transportation.
Tuition covers t-shirt, room and board, and project expenses.
Tuition cuts only apply to in-state residents.
Tuition decreases as a student progresses from first to second and then to third level.
Tuition decreases further as students advance through their doctoral training.
Tuition depends as much on markets as on costs.
Tuition depends on the length of the program.
Tuition depends on the program of studies and the skills taught.
Tuition differs from one program to another.
Tuition differs from the on-campus rate and is set on a yearly basis.
Tuition discounting continues to climb.
Tuition discounting is on the landscape for many years to come.
Tuition Discounting Is on the Rise.
Tuition does include the noon meal.
Tuition dollars now no longer go into general fund.
Tuition entitles one adult to attend with one child.
Tuition excludes participant travel.
Tuition fees the individual course is included.
Tuition Find students and tutors according to subjects.
Tuition generally is lower than at other private schools.
Tuition goes back to the state.
Tuition goes toward expenses such as salaries, meals, equipment and services.
Tuition goes up.
Tuition grants None received.
Tuition happens within families.
Tuition has a set charge per credit hour.
Tuition has a set charge.
Tuition has the highest priority in the system for payment allocation.
Tuition has to be reduced by grants and scholarships first.
Tuition has to go up to provide the necessary operating support.
Tuition hikes .
Tuition hikes and budget cuts have negative affects on student enrollment.
Tuition Included in the tuition fee are all course materials, including texts and diploma.
Tuition includes a book and two audio tapes.
Tuition includes a CD, songbook, and parent guide.
Tuition includes a chemical fee, as well as limited access to the darkroom outside of class time.
Tuition includes a Chinese tape for outside practice.
Tuition includes a continental breakfast and a hearty lunch both days.
Tuition includes a course book, continental breakfast and refreshments.
Tuition includes a laptop computer and all books and study materials.
Tuition includes a reversible mesh jersey, mesh camp shorts, and all camp meals.
Tuition includes a semester pass to the woodshop.
Tuition includes a usage fee for hardback textbooks and the cost of workbooks.
Tuition includes a workbook for each course.
Tuition includes accommodation and meals during the training week.
Tuition includes admission to all sessions, materials, refreshment breaks, and lunch.
Tuition includes admission to the session, refreshment breaks, and a set of conference materials.
Tuition includes all art materials.
Tuition includes all books, supplies and materials.
Tuition includes all camera equipment and supplies required for class.
Tuition includes all chemicals, paper and two rolls of film.
Tuition includes all classes and basic reference materials.
Tuition includes all classes, field trips, and basic reference materials.
Tuition includes all course materials and coffee breaks.
Tuition includes all course materials.
Tuition includes all food and instruction while on course.
Tuition includes all food, activities, and accommodations.
Tuition includes all material fees.
Tuition includes all materials.
Tuition includes all meals and transportation during the course.
Tuition includes all meals, lodging, and program materials.
Tuition includes all musical scores, concert attire and theory workbooks.
Tuition includes all necessary materials for laboratory work.
Tuition includes all paper and chemistry.
Tuition includes all rehearsals done outside of class time.
Tuition includes all seminar materials and scheduled meals.
Tuition includes all supplies and materials.
Tuition includes all textbooks and graduation fees.
Tuition includes all textbooks, class materials, tests and exam registration.
Tuition includes all textbooks, exams, videos, shipping costs, and an embossed certificate.
Tuition includes all training material, ammunition, weapons and equipment.
Tuition includes ball fee and use of golf clubs.
Tuition includes book and certification card.
Tuition includes book and examination fee.
Tuition includes booklets and any other required materials.
Tuition includes books and certificate.
Tuition includes books and certification.
Tuition includes books, all course materials, and student fees.
Tuition includes books, charts, certificate.
Tuition includes books, supplies and lab fees.
Tuition includes books, supplies and laboratory fees.
Tuition Includes Books.
Tuition includes both parents.
Tuition includes both waivers and remissions.
Tuition includes breakfast and afternoon snack daily.
Tuition includes breakfast and lunch.
Tuition includes breakfast, lunch and two snacks.
Tuition includes breakfast,lunch and snack.
Tuition includes breakfasts, lunches, refreshments and course materials.
Tuition includes cassette tape, book, and supplies.
Tuition includes class materials and a project diskette.
Tuition includes class materials for each student.
Tuition includes clay and firing costs.
Tuition includes clay, glazes and firings.
Tuition includes comfortable accommodation and delicious meals.
Tuition includes continental breakfast and breaks.
Tuition includes continental breakfast and course materials.
Tuition includes continental breakfast, lunch and all conference materials.
Tuition includes continental breakfast, luncheon and course book.
Tuition includes cost of firing.
Tuition includes cost of materials for the ferruled rod blank.
Tuition includes course book and refreshments.
Tuition includes course book, and refreshments.
Tuition includes course book, continental breakfast and refreshments.
Tuition includes course book, continental breakfast, and luncheon.
Tuition includes course book, continental breakfast, lunch and breaks.
Tuition includes course book.
Tuition includes course manual, handouts, lunch and beverage breaks.
Tuition includes course manual, handouts, lunch, and beverage breaks.
Tuition includes course manual.
Tuition includes course materials and a student disk.
Tuition includes course materials and disk.
Tuition includes course materials.
Tuition includes course supplies, continental breakfast and lunch each day.
Tuition includes daily lunch, insurance, T-shirt, and awards.
Tuition includes daily luncheon, beverage breaks, and course notes.
Tuition includes drug screenings and crinimal background check fees.
Tuition includes educational materials, text book, and accommodations at the class site.
Tuition includes educational materials, textbook, and accommodations at the class site.
Tuition includes fee for class notes.
Tuition includes fees for matriculation and graduation expenses.
Tuition includes fees for matriculation, graduation, and miscellaneous thesis expenses.
Tuition includes food preparation costs.
Tuition includes four days of one-hour group lessons and a track pass, and one backcountry ski day.
Tuition includes handouts, continental breakfast and lunch.
Tuition includes hot lunch, snack and materials.
Tuition includes housing and tickets to three plays.
Tuition includes housing, all meals, activities, materials and a T-shirt.
Tuition includes in-state transportation, all food, accomodations and activities.
Tuition includes instruction and class materials, as well as accommodation and meals.
Tuition includes instruction and lab time.
Tuition includes instruction and T-shirt.
Tuition includes instruction, lodging and meals.
Tuition includes instruction, room and board, and final examination fee.
Tuition includes instruction, text, and materials.
Tuition includes instructional and general fees.
Tuition includes instructional classes, most activities, meals, and accomodations.
Tuition includes instructional materials fee and technology fee.
Tuition includes insurance fee.
Tuition includes insurance, T-shirt, awards, and lunch if chosen.
Tuition includes lab fee.
Tuition includes lab fees, glazes, all firings and open workshops.
Tuition includes laundry, a daily snack at the canteen, and all activity supplies.
Tuition includes live drummer accompaniment.
Tuition includes lodging, food, classes, field trips, and extra-curricular activities.
Tuition includes lodging, materials and group dinners incorporating wild foods.
Tuition includes lunch and handouts.
Tuition includes lunch and swimming.
Tuition includes lunch, field trips to historic sites, and several evening receptions.
Tuition includes lunch.
Tuition includes lunches and dinners in the college cafeteria.
Tuition includes lunches and the final banquet.
Tuition includes materials and an international study trip.
Tuition includes materials and firings.
Tuition includes materials and lunch.
Tuition includes materials and snacks while at sea.
Tuition includes materials and snacks.
Tuition includes materials and some meals.
Tuition includes materials fee for plexi plates, inks and limited paper.
Tuition includes materials, a camp T-shirt and lunch each day.
Tuition includes materials, breakfast, lunch and refreshments.
Tuition includes materials, meals and double occupancy accomodations.
Tuition includes materials.
Tuition includes matriculation, registration, library and diploma fees.
Tuition includes meals, educational programs, materials, accomodation and T-shirt.
Tuition includes meals, lodging, access to Lost Valley facilities, and a full instructional program.
Tuition includes meals, lodging, instruction, and materials as described above.
Tuition includes necessary books and materials.
Tuition includes noon meal on the first day.
Tuition includes on-campus meals, housing, instruction, education materials, and field trips.
Tuition includes one free public skating session per week.
Tuition includes one individual session with the instructors for portfolio evaluation and planning.
Tuition includes parking on campus.
Tuition includes preparing sensors for calibration, annealing, initial and final values.
Tuition includes program materials, two continental breakfasts and one luncheon.
Tuition includes reading materials.
Tuition includes refreshments, lunch and course materials.
Tuition includes registration and a festival t-shirt.
Tuition includes registration fees and all course materials.
Tuition includes rental of textbooks, science lab fees, art fees, computer fees, etc.
Tuition includes required text.
Tuition includes room and board.
Tuition includes room, board, and materials.
Tuition includes room, board, and the yearbook.
Tuition includes room, board, recreational activities, and limited accident insurance.
Tuition includes room, board, recreational and cultural activities, and limited accident insurance.
Tuition includes room, meals, sports equipment, classes, and all scheduled activities.
Tuition includes science field trips.
Tuition includes seminar, lodging, entertainment, and meals.
Tuition includes six months of telephone tutorial plus all printed materials.
Tuition includes snacks and a lunch daily.
Tuition includes supplies.
Tuition includes syllabus and refreshments.
Tuition includes text and practice disk.
Tuition includes textbook and C.A.T. disc.
Tuition includes textbook, class handouts, and official certificate of completion.
Tuition includes textbook, notebook and data disk.
Tuition includes textbook.
Tuition includes textbooks and all training materials.
Tuition includes textbooks and shipping cost.
Tuition includes textbooks and supplementary materials necessary for the course.
Tuition includes textbooks at all grades, as well as course and laboratory fees.
Tuition includes textbooks, uniform, supplies, and certification test fees.
Tuition includes the book fee.
Tuition includes the book.
Tuition includes the cost of a basic health insurance policy for each participant.
Tuition includes the cost of all materials.
Tuition includes the cost of all the finest food supplies.
Tuition includes the cost of required texts and readings.
Tuition includes the cost of some excursions.
Tuition includes the cost of the course manual for each course.
Tuition includes the cost of the finest food ingredients.
Tuition includes the cost of the textbook and card indicating successful completion.
Tuition includes the costs of books.
Tuition includes the course handbook and the use of a data disk for all hands-on exercises.
Tuition includes the course handbook, lunch and receptions.
Tuition includes the course manual, handouts, lunch and beverage breaks.
Tuition includes the noon meal for both days.
Tuition includes the noon meal for five days.
Tuition includes the noon meal for four days.
Tuition includes the noon meal for three days.
Tuition includes the noon meal on the day of class.
Tuition includes the noon meals for four days.
Tuition includes the program, course materials, lunch, refreshments, and parking.
Tuition includes the provision of group climbing equipment.
Tuition includes the rental fee for all required audio and video lectures.
Tuition includes the retreat, all classes and some materials.
Tuition includes the textbook and all course materials.
Tuition includes the usage of all books and course materials required to complete the class.
Tuition includes the use of handcards and of a spinning wheel.
Tuition includes three gourmet meals, music instruction, and lodging.
Tuition includes tickets to all the summer season plays, as well as dormitory accommodations.
Tuition includes tickets.
Tuition includes training and lodging for one member and one staff person for three weeks.
Tuition includes training and lodging for the clubhouse director, one staff person and one member.
Tuition includes training manual.
Tuition includes training materials.
Tuition includes training, entertainment, lodging, and all meals.
Tuition includes transportation from the airport, meals, and lodging.
Tuition includes transportation.
Tuition includes trips and cultural activities.
Tuition includes use of equipment and pool.
Tuition includes use of looms during museum studio hours.
Tuition includes video sessions and periods in the language laboratory.
Tuition includes workbook, course materials, and refreshment breaks.
Tuition includes, instruction, room and board.
Tuition increases each year and the cost of education varies each year.
Tuition increases every year.
Tuition increases for part-time graduate students vary according to program.
Tuition inlcludes all course materials.
Tuition is , of course, another consideration.
Tuition is a fee
Tuition is a payment or charge for instruction.
Tuition is a portion of the investment made by the student and the student's family.
Tuition is a primary source Training, etc.
Tuition is a semester fee, indicating a commitment of an entire semester of instruction.
Tuition is a separate line in the survey.
Tuition is a smaller but still significant part of the revenue for public institutions.
Tuition is a special exception.
Tuition is a tax credit.
Tuition is about half the cost of a four-year college.
Tuition is additional, and to be announced.
Tuition is additional.
Tuition is adjusted according to a child s length of stay.
Tuition is adjusted accordingly.
Tuition is adjusted annually.
Tuition is affordable , and students receive a high caliber of education.
Tuition is affordable and ranks among the lowest in the four state area.
Tuition is affordable, with a multiple student discount.
Tuition is affordable.
Tuition is afforded all graduate students in good standing for the tenure of the PhD program.
Tuition is all inclusive except airfare and personal spending money.
Tuition is all inclusive except for transportation to the camp.
Tuition is all inclusive.
Tuition is allocated among schools as determined by the program administrators.
Tuition is almost always the cost cited when discussing the price of college.
Tuition is already so high.
Tuition is already too high .
Tuition is already too high.
Tuition is also about one-third the cost at the branch campuses as it is at the main campus.
Tuition is also available for surfers who want to improve or learn new skills.
Tuition is also available if required.
Tuition is also available in oils and watercolour if desired.
Tuition is also available.
Tuition is also due at the time of registration.
Tuition is also much lower than local private institutions.
Tuition is also non-refundable .
Tuition is also obligatory when studies are resumed after a break due to the student's fault.
Tuition is always a concern in higher education, but is a concern especially among medical students.
Tuition is always a concern of students.
Tuition is always available.
Tuition is always on everyone's mind.
Tuition is among the lowest for private colleges and universities in Washington state.
Tuition is among the lowest in Ohio for in-state, undergraduate students.
Tuition is an additional expense.
Tuition is an innovative combination of study guides, case studies, and tape recorded lectures.
Tuition is announced in the spring for the following academic year.
Tuition is applied only to courses offered for credit.
Tuition is approx.
Tuition is approximate and subject to change.
Tuition is around five bucks.
Tuition is arranged separately.
Tuition is as normal.
Tuition is assessed according to the student's state of residence.
Tuition is assessed at registration.
Tuition is assessed by semester based on a student's degree program.
Tuition is assessed by the host institution for credit hours taken at the host institution.
Tuition is assessed for all audits.
Tuition is assessed on a per-course basis.
Tuition is assessed on a per-credit basis relating to the student's status during the summer.
Tuition is assessed on a sliding fee basis.
Tuition is assessed per credit hour based upon the table shown below.
Tuition is assessed per credit hour.
Tuition is assessed to all preschool students.
Tuition is at the per-credit rate.
Tuition is attributed to schools and colleges based on the credit hours that they convey.
Tuition is available and beginners are most welcome.
Tuition is available and multi-activity courses are run through the summer school holidays.
Tuition is available and some instruments can be provided.
Tuition is available at all levels and covers most language groupings and national curriculums.
Tuition is available at all levels.
Tuition is available at beginners or advanced level, as appropriate.
Tuition is available by prior arrangement.
Tuition is available during the summer season.
Tuition is available for adult boys and girls .
Tuition is available for all orchestral instruments as well as piano, guitar and percussion.
Tuition is available for all riders, from novice to experienced.
Tuition is available for beginners.
Tuition is available for free.
Tuition is available for groups or individuals.
Tuition is available from beginner to advanced level.
Tuition is available from the residential professional staff.
Tuition is available in ballet, tap, modern, jazz national dance and drama.
Tuition is available on a personal or group basis .
Tuition is available on the main campus.
Tuition is available outside of school in tennis, ballet and drama.
Tuition is available.
Tuition is based on a decreasing scale for one, two, or three children.
Tuition is based on a four-unit registration.
Tuition is based on a monthly rate and varies depending upon the class.
Tuition is based on a nine-month payment plan equal to the total tuition for eleven months.
Tuition is based on a per diem basis determined by specific services provided.
Tuition is based on a preprogrammed format from start date to graduation date.
Tuition is based on a sliding fee scale according to income, with full or part-time care available.
Tuition is based on a sliding fee scale that is determined by the child s age and family income.
Tuition is based on a sliding fee scale.
Tuition is based on a sliding income scale.
Tuition is based on a sliding scale and other tuition assistance is available.
Tuition is based on a sliding scale and scholarships are available.
Tuition is based on a sliding scale and varies according to income.
Tuition is based on a sliding scale.
Tuition is based on a sliding-fee scale.
Tuition is based on ability to pay.
Tuition is based on credit load and residency status.
Tuition is based on family income and the child's age level.
Tuition is based on family size and income.
Tuition is based on frequency of use and billed monthly.
Tuition is based on hours enrolled.
Tuition is based on how many credit hours taken each semester.
Tuition is based on income and family size, using a sliding fee scale.
Tuition is based on income.
Tuition is based on per semester hour credit.
Tuition is based on required monthly payments.
Tuition is based on residency status and the number of semester hours in which a student enrolls.
Tuition is based on residency status.
Tuition is based on sessions.
Tuition is based on student status.
Tuition is based on the cost cited in the most recent program publication.
Tuition is based on the district's per-pupil expenditure, which varies each year.
Tuition is based on the family's ability to pay.
Tuition is based on the length of the class and the number of weeks in the semester.
Tuition is based on the number of credit hours taken and is paid at the time of registration.
Tuition is based on the number of credit hours taken.
Tuition is based on the number of credit hours.
Tuition is based on the number of credits earned and is charged per credit.
Tuition is based on the number of credits for which a student enrolls during a semester.
Tuition is based on the number of credits.
Tuition is based on the number of days the child attends.
Tuition is based on the number of registered credits as of the first day of the semester.
Tuition is based on the participation plan chosen.
Tuition is based on the preregistration credit load reported by the registrar.
Tuition is based on the standard, hourly private lesson rates .
Tuition is based on the total before-tax income of the child's family.
Tuition is based on the total number of credits for which the student registers.
Tuition is based upon a budget that is set each year.
Tuition is based upon a set fee per hour of credit.
Tuition is based upon ability to pay.
Tuition is based upon number of credit hours.
Tuition is based upon the student's residence.
Tuition is based upon the total number of sessions in the school year.
Tuition is billed by mail after registration and can be paid by check or credit card.
Tuition is billed by semester.
Tuition is billed in ten equal installments.
Tuition is billed monthly for the following month.
Tuition is billed on a semester basis and fees are payable at the beginning of each semester.
Tuition is billed on a term pricing basis.
Tuition is billed on a term-pricing basis.
Tuition is billed on the first invoice for each quarter after the student has registered.
Tuition is billed separately on a per- credit basis.
Tuition is billed to applicants or their sponsoring organizations upon acceptance in the program.
Tuition is by a combination of lectures, tutorials, workshops and student-led seminars.
Tuition is by donation, and no one is turned away due to a lack of funds.
Tuition is by individual supervision.
Tuition is by means of distance education.
Tuition is calculated according to class hours.
Tuition is calculated by credit hour.
Tuition is calculated each year on a credit-hour basis.
Tuition is calculated on either a resident or nonresident basis.
Tuition is calculated on family s monthly income.
Tuition is calculated on that basis.
Tuition is calculated using a sliding scale based upon income and family size.
Tuition is charged .
Tuition is charged according to a sliding fee scale.
Tuition is charged according to residency and matriculation status.
Tuition is charged accordingly.
Tuition is charged and financial aid is available.
Tuition is charged and paid by the semester hour.
Tuition is charged as for any other course.
Tuition is charged at the normal per credit rate.
Tuition is charged at the rate of the campus originating the course.
Tuition is charged at the regular rate for the number of hours for which the student enrolls.
Tuition is charged at the regular summer rate.
Tuition is charged at the regular summer tuition rate.
Tuition is charged at the same rates for the summer sessions.
Tuition is charged at the undergraduate rate for all five years.
Tuition is charged by an hourly rate.
Tuition is charged by the campus offering the course at the same rate as traditional courses.
Tuition is charged by the credit hour.
Tuition is charged by the credit-hour per quarter.
Tuition is charged by the semester hour for part-time undergraduates.
Tuition is charged by the semester hour.
Tuition is charged by the term.
Tuition is charged by the unit.
Tuition is charged by the year or per session, for families or per individual.
Tuition is charged for academic credit.
Tuition is charged for all associate, technical, and apprenticeship credits.
Tuition is charged for all credit.
Tuition is charged for all pre-Kindergarten students.
Tuition is charged for audit or credit.
Tuition is charged for audited courses at the usual hourly rate.
Tuition is charged for children without disabilities.
Tuition is charged for classes and a minimum fee is charged for group tours of the science exhibits.
Tuition is charged for each and the course offerings depend on registration requests.
Tuition is charged for each of the four periods of enrollment.
Tuition is charged for everyone auditing except senior citizens.
Tuition is charged for non credit-bearing courses.
Tuition is charged for non-residents.
Tuition is charged for the courses.
Tuition is charged for the preschool, extended-day and summer enrichment programs.
Tuition is charged from the first day of classes at the refund policy rate.
Tuition is charged from the first week of matriculation through the last week of attendance.
Tuition is charged on a per credit basis.
Tuition is charged on a per- credit basis.
Tuition is charged on a per credit hour basis.
Tuition is charged on a per credit unit basis.
Tuition is charged on a per Semester Hour basis.
Tuition is charged on a per-course basis.
Tuition is charged on a per-credit basis.
Tuition is charged on a per-hour rate.
Tuition is charged on a per-unit basis.
Tuition is charged on the basis of twelve semester hours.
Tuition is charged only for kindergarten.
Tuition is charged per class.
Tuition is charged per course unit.
Tuition is charged per credit and most classes are three credits.
Tuition is charged per credit hour of enrollment.
Tuition is charged per credit hour.
Tuition is charged per credit, and most classes are three credits.
Tuition is charged to attend seminars.
Tuition is charged to meet expenses incurred throughout the school year.
Tuition is charged when credit is awarded.
Tuition is charged, based on the number of hours the program is used.
Tuition is charged.
Tuition is collected by the semester.
Tuition is collected from both stipend and non-stipend positions.
Tuition is collected monthly and there is an annual registration fee.
Tuition is collected the day of class.
Tuition is combined with excursions and social activities.
Tuition is comparable to that of a community college, with the atmosphere of a private school.
Tuition is competitive with other private schools in the area.
Tuition is competitive with other schools offering programs to CGSC officers.
Tuition is competitive with that of other independent schools in the Triangle Area.
Tuition is competitive.
Tuition is completely flexible and can begin and end at any time throughout the year.
Tuition is compulsory and free of charge.
Tuition is considerably less.
Tuition is covered by the admitting U.S. university.
Tuition is covered by the admitting university.
Tuition is covered for most students by financial aid, as described above.
Tuition is credited to the importing campus.
Tuition is customarily due at the beginning of each semester.
Tuition is deferred for a maximum of two courses.
Tuition is delinquent.
Tuition is designated per credit hour.
Tuition is determined by a family's ability to pay.
Tuition is determined by a sliding fee scale, based on parents' income.
Tuition is determined by one's ability to pay.
Tuition is determined by residency status.
Tuition is determined by the child's age and family income.
Tuition is determined by the credit hours one takes.
Tuition is determined by the institution providing the course.
Tuition is determined by the number of credit hours being granted for the departmental exam.
Tuition is determined by the respective colleges.
Tuition is determined by the student's home institution.
Tuition is determined by total hours taken during a term, including hours successfully challenged.
Tuition is determined by what people can give.
Tuition is determined on a credit hour rate.
Tuition is determined on a per course basis.
Tuition is different for nursing and pharmacy programs.
Tuition is different for professional programs.
Tuition is discounted by one third during summer.
Tuition is discounted for residents who study at their local satellite location.
Tuition is discounted in proportion to the number of courses in which the participant is enrolled.
Tuition is divided into monthly payments to help parents budget the cost.
Tuition is dollars.
Tuition is due and payable at the beginning of each term.
Tuition is due and payable at the time of invoicing before the beginning of each academic year.
Tuition is due and payable at the time of registration.
Tuition is due and payable in full one week prior to the start of classes.
Tuition is due and payable on or before the first day of classes each quarter.
Tuition is due and payable on the day of registration.
Tuition is due and payable on the first day of class each semester.
Tuition is due and payable on the first day of classes.
Tuition is due and payable one week prior to the first day of classes.
Tuition is due and payable prior to first class.
Tuition is due and payable prior to the first day of class.
Tuition is due and payable the first day of classes.
Tuition is due and payable the first week of each session.
Tuition is due and payable the first week of each unit.
Tuition is due and payable upon registration.
Tuition is due approximately two weeks after classes begin on main campus.
Tuition is due at registration on a semester basis.
Tuition is due at registration.
Tuition is due at that time.
Tuition is due at the beginning of each course.
Tuition is due at the beginning of each week for that week of service.
Tuition is due at the beginning of the school year.
Tuition is due at the first class of each month.
Tuition is due at the first of the month.
Tuition is due at the first rehearsal.
Tuition is due at the time courses begin.
Tuition is due at the time of admittance into the program.
Tuition is due at the time of enrollment.
Tuition is due at the time of orientation in the program.
Tuition is due at the time of registration.
Tuition is due at time of enrollment .
Tuition is due at time of registration on all courses and seminars.
Tuition is due at time of registration.
Tuition is due before the first residency of each program module.
Tuition is due by the beginning of class each term.
Tuition is due by the end of the second week of the term.
Tuition is due by the fifth day of each term.
Tuition is due by the first day of class.
Tuition is due by the first day of each billing cycle.
Tuition is due each semester before classes begin.
Tuition is due each week of attendance.
Tuition is due even if the child is absent from class due to illness or vacation.
Tuition is due for the grading period in which the student enrolls or withdraws.
Tuition is due for the Spring Semester from enrolled students.
Tuition is due four weeks in advance of the scheduled session.
Tuition is due in advance on a monthly basis.
Tuition is due in four installments over the course of the program.
Tuition is due in full at the time of enrollment.
Tuition is due in full at the time of registration.
Tuition is due in full at time of registration, unless other arrangements have been made in advance.
Tuition is due in full before the start of camp.
Tuition is due in full by the first day of class.
Tuition is due in full by the start of camp.
Tuition is due in full on or before the first day of class.
Tuition is due in full prior to or at Registration.
Tuition is due in full two weeks after each course ends.
Tuition is due in full two weeks after the end of each course.
Tuition is due in full two weeks prior to class start date.
Tuition is due in the full amount at the time of registration.
Tuition is due on or before first day of class.
Tuition is due on or before the first class of each month.
Tuition is due on or before the first day of class.
Tuition is due on or before the first day of each class.
Tuition is due on the dates indicated above.
Tuition is due on the day of registration for each quarter period.
Tuition is due on the fifth day of each month.
Tuition is due on the first class of the month .
Tuition is due on the first lesson of each month.
Tuition is due on the first night of class.
Tuition is due on the first of each month.
Tuition is due on the first of the month.
Tuition is due on the morning of the first class.
Tuition is due on the tenth day of school for a semester or sixth day of school for a term.
Tuition is due one week before each class meets.
Tuition is due one week before the beginning of each session.
Tuition is due one week before the session begins.
Tuition is due one week in advance of each course.
Tuition is due prior to the beginning of each semester.
Tuition is due prior to the course registration deadline.
Tuition is due prior to the first class.
Tuition is due prior to the first day of class.
Tuition is due prior to the start of each semester.
Tuition is due regardless of the number of classes attended.
Tuition is due the dates indicated above.
Tuition is due the first class meeting.
Tuition is due the first class of the month.
Tuition is due the first day of class.
Tuition is due the first day of each class.
Tuition is due the first day of each month.
Tuition is due the first day of the rotation.
Tuition is due the first lesson of each month.
Tuition is due the first of each month, payable in the school office.
Tuition is due the first of each month.
Tuition is due the first of the semester.
Tuition is due the first school day of the month.
Tuition is due the first week of each month.
Tuition is due the first year of the program.
Tuition is due two weeks in advance.
Tuition is due two weeks prior to the beginning of the first module.
Tuition is due upon acceptance into the course.
Tuition is due upon course registration.
Tuition is due upon registration at the beginning of each semester.
Tuition is due upon registration unless arrangements have been made.
Tuition is due upon registration.
Tuition is due weekly.
Tuition is due, in full, with the completed registration form.
Tuition is due.
Tuition is Due.
Tuition is economical and financial aid is available.
Tuition is equal to Kansas resident tuition.
Tuition is equal to the rate charged by the home college.
Tuition is established on an annual basis.
Tuition is estimated only and is subject to change.
Tuition is exclusive of meals and lodging.
Tuition is expensive and so is housing.
Tuition is expensive, classes are limited and few students attend.
Tuition is expensive.
Tuition is extra, but the credits do count.
Tuition is extra.
Tuition is fairly low.
Tuition is fees paid in consideration for enrolment in a programme of study and selected courses.
Tuition is fees.
Tuition is figured at half the present rate.
Tuition is figured on an annual basis.
Tuition is figured on hours spent in class.
Tuition is for course work only.
Tuition is for the fall and winter terms only.
Tuition is for twenty sessions.
Tuition is FREE , but there is a small accreditation fee.
Tuition is FREE .
Tuition is free and a stipend is included.
Tuition is free and available in a wide range of instruments.
Tuition is free and class materials are supplied.
Tuition is free and is a hot political commitment even at the university.
Tuition is free at public and government-assisted schools.
Tuition is free for all classes.
Tuition is free for all public high school and continuation students.
Tuition is free for high school students living in the district.
Tuition is free for individual lessons and classes.
Tuition is FREE for spouses of paying students.
Tuition is free for volunteers and their students.
Tuition is free in Germany.
Tuition is free of charge but the students pay for their own board and lodging.
Tuition is free of charge.
Tuition is free on a space available basis for retirees and their spouse.
Tuition is free to California residents.
Tuition is free to children of our members.
Tuition is free to people with impaired mobility.
Tuition is free to students of schools in the consortium.
Tuition is free with the approval of the registrar.
Tuition is free, also for foreign students.
Tuition is free, and day pupils attend for free.
Tuition is free, and employees are paid for half of all the time they spend in class.
Tuition is free, and financial aid for tour fees is available.
Tuition is free, boarding is inexpensive and food is wholesome.
Tuition is free, but reservations are required.
Tuition is free, but there is a small fee for materials.
Tuition is FREE, but there is an accreditation or exam fee.
Tuition is free, housing charges do apply.
Tuition is free, room and board are available.
Tuition is free, though there is a small fee for optional course materials.
Tuition is free.
Tuition is from novice to advanced in all disciplines.
Tuition is fully or partially refundable only when a student withdraws officially.
Tuition is generally the same as that charged by the student's home university.
Tuition is given about how to collect, accomplish and present a paper connected to field work.
Tuition is given by experienced coaches.
Tuition is given by qualified coaches.
Tuition is given in most instruments, as well as in singing.
Tuition is given with close supervision in small groups using lightweight dinghies.
Tuition is good.
Tuition is guaranteed for three consecutive years for students who remain in good standing.
Tuition is handed over to the state, while campuses retain student fees.
Tuition is held low to assure that everyone can afford a college education.
Tuition is held to a reasonable level, and financial assistance is available.
Tuition is high, and most classes are offered only on campus.
Tuition is higher for juniors and seniors.
Tuition is higher for out of state students.
Tuition is higher through continuing ed.
Tuition is in addition to program fees.
Tuition is in Arabic.
Tuition is in English and excellent learning and research facilities are available.
Tuition is in English.
Tuition is in Finnish.
Tuition is in small groups for all ages and levels.
Tuition is included in all budgets that have a graduate stipend.
Tuition is included.
Tuition is individual and informal.
Tuition is invoiced monthly and payable before the beginning of each month.
Tuition is just one part of the financing structure.
Tuition is kept at a manageable level.
Tuition is kept low due to the good management and student self-sufficiency.
Tuition is kept low to insure access to college education.
Tuition is less than for comparable training programs at other schools.
Tuition is listed by course in the program schedule above.
Tuition is listed on the registration form.
Tuition is low and payment plans are available.
Tuition is low, and financial help is available.
Tuition is low.
Tuition is lower for summer classes.
Tuition is lower than four year universities.
Tuition is lower than in four-year programs.
Tuition is lower than that of comparable programs in private universities.
Tuition is mixed with individual and group exercises.
Tuition is moderate and teaching assistantships and tuition waivers are available.
Tuition is modest, supplies are minimal, and the rewards are immeasurable.
Tuition is monetary values.
Tuition is neither pro-rated nor refundable after a student has begun classes.
Tuition is neither transferrable nor refundable.
Tuition is never easy to speak about.
Tuition is no more than a nominal fee except at a few private universities.
Tuition is nominal, with virtually the whole higher education budget coming from the state.
Tuition is nominal.
Tuition is non refundable to keep the parents on their toes to ensure their kids follow the rules.
Tuition is non-refundable .
Tuition is non-refundable after classes begin.
Tuition is non-refundable after the first class session.
Tuition is non-refundable after the first day of the class.
Tuition is non-refundable after the opening retreat.
Tuition is non-refundable and nontransferable once the program begins.
Tuition is non-refundable but can be applied to other programs within the same calendar year.
Tuition is non-refundable for all courses.
Tuition is non-refundable for students who withdraw after that date.
Tuition is non-refundable in the instance of an unofficial withdrawal.
Tuition is non-refundable once the class meets for the first time.
Tuition is non-refundable.
Tuition is nonrefundable.
Tuition is obligated upon course enrollment.
Tuition is of a high standard with qualified experienced teachers.
Tuition is offered all day, allowing time to cover all aspects of the game in detail.
Tuition is offered at three or more levels.
Tuition is offered for most instruments.
Tuition is offered in English and welcomes any level.
Tuition is often low and financial aid is available.
Tuition is often minimal, and the choice of institutions and locations is broad.
Tuition is on a lecture and small group basis supported by directed and independent learning.
Tuition is on a lecture and small group basis with ample time for private study.
Tuition is on a sliding fee scale, with full or part-time care available.
Tuition is on a sliding scale based on family income.
Tuition is on a sliding scale based upon the family's ability to pay.
Tuition is on a sliding scale, according to income.
Tuition is on a sliding scale, based on income and family size.
Tuition is on the agenda as an information item.
Tuition is one-half regular tuition.
Tuition is paid after completing the course of studies and once the students start having an income.
Tuition is paid as part of their regular home institution tuition and fees.
Tuition is paid at the end of the first week of class.
Tuition is paid at the home campus and is based on the usual cost of instruction.
Tuition is paid at the home institution.
Tuition is paid at the summer school rate.
Tuition is paid at the time of registration.
Tuition is paid automatically from the student's checking account.
Tuition is paid by a sponsor organization or by the participant.
Tuition is paid by each sending high school.
Tuition is paid by parents.
Tuition is paid by the agency, business, or participant.
Tuition is paid by the department for most students accepted into the program.
Tuition is paid by the department if a student is on an assistantship.
Tuition is paid by the department.
Tuition is paid by the month.
Tuition is paid by the parents and one-half is picked up by their parish.
Tuition is paid by the participants.
Tuition is paid by the participating schools.
Tuition is paid by the program, and in addition, a monthly stipend is provided for living expenses.
Tuition is paid by the school district.
Tuition is paid by the sending district to the receiving district.
Tuition is paid by the state through the sending public school.
Tuition is paid directly to the home college.
Tuition is paid directly to the school.
Tuition is paid either by the graduate school or the department.
Tuition is paid for all students accepted into the program.
Tuition is paid for all the students.
Tuition is paid for graduate students.
Tuition is paid for individuals who are being financed by fellowships.
Tuition is paid in advance for each term.
Tuition is paid in equal monthly installments which are due and payable on the first of the month.
Tuition is paid in four installments.
Tuition is paid in full and in advance.
Tuition is paid in full at the time of registration.
Tuition is paid in full prior to registration for each term.
Tuition is paid in nine equal installments, due by the first of each month.
Tuition is paid in one-third installments throughout the length of the term.
Tuition is paid in three scheduled installments.
Tuition is paid in two installments, due prior to the beginning of each academic year.
Tuition is paid in units of psychic bondage.
Tuition is paid monthly and divided into nine equal payments.
Tuition is paid monthly and is due by the first day of the month.
Tuition is paid monthly, so each payment is the same amount.
Tuition is paid monthly.
Tuition is paid no later than three days after funds are disbursed into student accounts.
Tuition is paid on a monthly basis for all classes.
Tuition is paid on a monthly basis.
Tuition is paid quarterly.
Tuition is paid regardless of attendance.
Tuition is paid separately to each school and financial aid also is awarded separately.
Tuition is paid separately to the registrar's office.
Tuition is paid separately.
Tuition is paid the first school day of each month.
Tuition is paid through corporate and foundation sponsorship, grants and individual donations.
Tuition is paid through normal procedures.
Tuition is paid to the registrar separately.
Tuition is paid to the seminary.
Tuition is paid up front, and about half our membership has expressed interest.
Tuition is paid up front.
Tuition is paid weekly.
Tuition is paid, and monthly stipends are available.
Tuition is part of regular tuition.
Tuition is payable at the beginning of each month and students are billed in advance of their class.
Tuition is payable at the time of registration .
Tuition is payable at the time of registration by check, money order or credit card.
Tuition is payable at the time of registration in most cases.
Tuition is payable at the time of registration.
Tuition is payable at the time-of registration.
Tuition is payable at time of registration.
Tuition is payable before studies commence.
Tuition is payable before the start of the first class.
Tuition is payable by cash or check.
Tuition is payable by check or credit card upon registration.
Tuition is payable by check or credit card.
Tuition is payable by check, credit card, or TMS installment plan.
Tuition is payable by either check, cash or money order.
Tuition is payable by personal check, cashier's check, money order, or bank draft.
Tuition is payable by semester only.
Tuition is payable by the year in one payment, or through a three or ten payment plan.
Tuition is payable for the whole year during registration in two instalments.
Tuition is payable in advance .
Tuition is payable in advance of each semester by no later than the last day of registration.
Tuition is payable in advance, at the first lesson of the month or first day of class.
Tuition is payable in advance.
Tuition is payable in four quarterly installments.
Tuition is payable in full at registration.
Tuition is payable in full at the time of registration for each semester and summer session.
Tuition is payable in full at the time of registration.
Tuition is payable in full prior to the first meeting of the paramedic class.
Tuition is payable in full prior to the start of the program.
Tuition is payable in three installments, one at the beginning of each academic quarter.
Tuition is payable in two installments during each semester.
Tuition is payable in two installments.
Tuition is payable in U.S. dollars or local currency at a flexible exchange rate.
Tuition is payable in year-round monthly paytments, due on the first day of each month.
Tuition is payable on a term by term basis.
Tuition is payable on or before the first day of classes each quarter.
Tuition is payable on the first day of the minisabbatical training period.
Tuition is payable prior to the beginning of each semester and term.
Tuition is payable prior to the first class day of instruction.
Tuition is payable to the home institution.
Tuition is payable upon registration.
Tuition is payable via our secured credit card server.
Tuition is per class, per semester.
Tuition is per credit basis.
Tuition is per individual student per course .
Tuition is per person which includes lunch.
Tuition is per person.
Tuition is per student per semester.
Tuition is per workshop.
Tuition is performed on location during actual fishing conditions.
Tuition is prepaid for all of the participants.
Tuition is priced well within the reach of today's professionals.
Tuition is pro-rated and charged based on the registration status.
Tuition is pro-rated based on course load.
Tuition is prorated for students who begin after a term has begun.
Tuition is prorated.
Tuition is provided by a panel of renowned experts.
Tuition is provided by distance learning and supported by a compulsory residential course.
Tuition is provided by experienced professionals and working journalists.
Tuition is provided by means of lectures, tutorials and exercise and problem-solving classes.
Tuition is provided by qualified and experienced tutors.
Tuition is provided for first time boaters.
Tuition is provided for students in all phases of their studies.
Tuition is provided wherever possible by first-language speakers at colleges across the university.
Tuition is readily available on request.
Tuition is reasonable and financial aid is available.
Tuition is reasonable and financial aid opportunities and job assistance are available to students.
Tuition is reasonable, thousands less than at many other schools.
Tuition is reasonable.
Tuition is reduced for each additional child attending during the same year.
Tuition is reduced for noncredit participation.
Tuition is reduced for the first and second year.
Tuition is reduced to resident rates.
Tuition is reevaluated annually.
Tuition is refundable on the basis of the percentage table given below.
Tuition is refundable or transferable prior to start date of program.
Tuition is refundable per World Campus Tuition Refund .
Tuition is refundable until the end of the first week of classes.
Tuition is refunded according to a schedule of declining percentage of refund per class attended.
Tuition is refunded if the student withdraws on or before the seventh day of classes.
Tuition is refunded if the student withdraws within five school days after entering the program.
Tuition is refunded in full if official withdrawal is made before the first class session meets.
Tuition is refunded in full if the student withdraws on or before the seventh day of classes.
Tuition is refunded.
Tuition is relatively low, and classes are frequently offered at night.
Tuition is remitted for all assistants.
Tuition is required with registration.
Tuition is required.
Tuition is reviewed annually and is subject to change.
Tuition is separate.
Tuition is set annually and usually increases by a few percent each fall.
Tuition is set based upon the cost per child of Catholic school education in the regional system.
Tuition is set by state policy and is subject to change without notice.
Tuition is set by the originating institution.
Tuition is set by the state legislature and is subject to change without notice.
Tuition is set by the Washington state legislature and subject to change.
Tuition is set largely independently of the university s operating costs.
Tuition is set on a sliding scale according to income.
Tuition is set on an annual basis and is payable at the beginning of each trimester.
Tuition is shown in the chart below.
Tuition is similar to school year tuition.
Tuition is site specific.
Tuition is steep.
Tuition is still very competitive, despite increases.
Tuition is structured around units, which are centred on themes.
Tuition is subject to annual change.
Tuition is subject to annual increases.
Tuition is subject to change annually.
Tuition is subject to change as required by law.
Tuition is subject to change at the beginning of any quarter and includes most fees.
Tuition is subject to change by State legislative ruling.
Tuition is subject to change each academic year effective summer term.
Tuition is subject to change on an annual basis.
Tuition is subject to change once each academic year effective summer term.
Tuition is subject to change without further notice.
Tuition is subject to change without notice .
Tuition is subject to change without notice.
Tuition is subject to change without notification.
Tuition is subject to change.
Tuition is subject to further change without notice.
Tuition is subject to increase at any time.
Tuition is subject to increase during enrollment.
Tuition is subject to sight increase each year, beginning with the summer semester.
Tuition is subject to yearly increases.
Tuition is subject toyearly increases.
Tuition is subsidized by the province.
Tuition is subsidized by the State of Pennsylvania.
Tuition is substantially lower than private schools because of minimal overhead expenses.
Tuition is suitable for children of ALL abilities.
Tuition is supposed to cover the costs associated with education.
Tuition is tax deductible in most cases.
Tuition is tax deductible.
Tuition is tax-deductible in Canada for Canadian citizens.
Tuition is the cost for taking a course.
Tuition is the most important source of funding at private colleges.
Tuition is the only significant revenue that the college has control over.
Tuition is the price parents are asked to pay.
Tuition is the price.
Tuition is the primary source of student revenue and partially offsets the cost of instruction.
Tuition is the same as a regular lecture class.
Tuition is the same as any regular class.
Tuition is the same as corresponding camp session.
Tuition is the same as for a course taken for credit.
Tuition is the same as for on-campus courses.
Tuition is the same as that of a degree candidate.
Tuition is the same as the current undergraduate, in-state, hourly fee.
Tuition is the same for all students regardless of residency status.
Tuition is the same for coaches as for campers.
Tuition is the same for credit and audit courses.
Tuition is the same for degree students and open enrollment students.
Tuition is the same for distance education students as for on-campus students.
Tuition is the same for distance learning courses as for courses on campus.
Tuition is the same for Kansas and Missouri residents.
Tuition is the same for Kansas residents and non-residents.
Tuition is the same for new enrollments or re-enrollments.
Tuition is the same for resident and nonresident students.
Tuition is the same for resident and non-resident students.
Tuition is the same for Washington residents and nonresidents.
Tuition is the same regardless of the number of classes taken.
Tuition is the second revenue source for an institution.
Tuition is through lectures supported by tutorials, seminars, projects and practical classes.
Tuition is through lectures, tutorials, seminars and practical work.
Tuition is to be charged by the local school.
Tuition is to be directly charged on an academic year basis only.
Tuition is to be paid at time of registration.
Tuition is to be paid by the first of the month.
Tuition is to be paid either annually or in ten month installments.
Tuition is to be paid in advance before the first class meeting.
Tuition is to be paid in four payments.
Tuition is to be paid in full at the time of registration.
Tuition is to be paid in full by the first day of the trimester in which the student has enrolled.
Tuition is to be paid monthly in advance.
Tuition is too expensive to come and get sick.
Tuition is too high.
Tuition is underwritten in two ways.
Tuition is used for the construction of academic facilities.
Tuition is used to defray costs of operating the program.
Tuition is usually about the same for a traditional college or university and for distance learning.
Tuition is usually due in the first two weeks of every term.
Tuition is usually low and the only admission requirement is paying for the course.
Tuition is usually lower for community colleges and technical training institutes.
Tuition is valid for one year from the date of the contract.
Tuition is valid for the original session plus the two succeeding sessions held by the school.
Tuition is very affordable and financial aid is available.
Tuition is very expensive here relative to other institutions.
Tuition is very expensive.
Tuition is very high.
Tuition is very low in Texas.
Tuition is very much ordered to the specific needs of law students.
Tuition is very reasonable and competitive.
Tuition is very reasonable compared to traditional methods.
Tuition is very reasonable when compared to other Midwestern universities and private colleges.
Tuition is very reasonable.
Tuition is very, very low.
Tuition is waived and the service fee exempted for retired academic staff members.
Tuition is waived for a maximum of six credit hours for all summer terms combined.
Tuition is waived for all graduate and research assistants.
Tuition is waived for all qualified students.
Tuition is waived for all recipients of graduate research assistantships.
Tuition is waived for all students receiving a stipend.
Tuition is waived for both graduate and research assistants.
Tuition is waived for both years.
Tuition is waived for concurrently enrolled high school students.
Tuition is waived for dependents.
Tuition is waived for doctoral teaching or research assistants.
Tuition is waived for graduate assistants.
Tuition is waived for graduate students and postdocs who attend the full program.
Tuition is waived for graduate students holding assistantship.
Tuition is waived for graduate students holding assistantships.
Tuition is waived for graduate students who are awarded half or full teaching assistantships.
Tuition is waived for graduate teaching assistants.
Tuition is waived for GRAs.
Tuition is waived for half-time teaching assistants.
Tuition is waived for one unit of independent study.
Tuition is waived for presidents of state organizations.
Tuition is waived for public safety personnel.
Tuition is waived for research fellows and graduate assistants.
Tuition is waived for students awarded state assistantships.
Tuition is waived for students earning early admission and dual enrollment credit.
Tuition is waived for students holding assistantships.
Tuition is waived for students holding research or teaching assistantships.
Tuition is waived for students who hold a teaching or research assistantship.
Tuition is waived for students with assistantships.
Tuition is waived for students with at least a half-time assistantship.
Tuition is waived for students working in agencies in Texas that receive Title V funding.
Tuition is waived for teaching and research assistants.
Tuition is waived in full or in part based on the number of hours awarded.
Tuition is waived on one course per semester for each employee.
Tuition is waived.
Tuition is waved in full or in part based on the number of hours awarded.
Tuition is waved.
Tuition is well below average in the Chicago area.
Tuition is yet to be determined.
Tuition keeps climbing and enrollment drops.
Tuition keeps going up and the amount of operating funds keeps going down.
Tuition Learn to speak French to a reasonable standard in ten weeks.
Tuition leaves grads deep in debt.
Tuition listed is for residents of Prince George s County.
Tuition listed is for residents of Prince George's County.
Tuition means the actual fees charged for the academic program.
Tuition needs to be paid by the end of the first week of classes.
Tuition only is waived.
Tuition opens the entire system immediately to full and fair competition.
Tuition paid to other schools is also part of the integrated cost.
Tuition paying departments receive priority for registration.
Tuition payments bigger than a mortgage.
Tuition pays a portion of instructional cost.
Tuition pays about one third of total instructional costs.
Tuition pays for adjunct faculty.
Tuition pays for everything.
Tuition pays for less than half of the actual cost of a year's education for one student.
Tuition pays for salaries, facilities and technology.
Tuition pays for teachers and materials.
Tuition pays only a portion of the costs to operate the university.
Tuition pays only a portion of the educational costs of the campus.
Tuition pays only for enrollment in the program of study.
Tuition pays the salaries of law faculties and deans.
Tuition provides only a second ary barrier in the choice to attend university.
Tuition provides only a secondary barrier in the choice to attend university.
Tuition quoted is the weekly rate for full-time care.
Tuition refers to the instruction fee only.
Tuition reflects a discount over the regular individual course costs.
Tuition reflects full-time enrollment.
Tuition refund for retirees and their spouses.
Tuition refunds for college students.
Tuition remains exempt from overhead charges.
Tuition remains the same as the U's.
Tuition remains the same.
Tuition scholarships to students with sight or hearing disabilities.
Tuition See charts above.
Tuition See the catalogue insert for fee structure.
Tuition seems to rise each year at our colleges and universities and there is no end in sight.
Tuition starts at ca.
Tuition stays the same for even the most mistreated guests.
Tuition still applies to audit only students.
Tuition stipends and other payments for services.
Tuition takes place in small groups so every student gets a first class treatment.
Tuition takes place mainly on hard courts within close proximity to accommodations.
Tuition takes the form of lectures, tutorials and laboratory work.
Tuition tends to be higher in the Northeast and upper Midwest, and lower in the West and Southwest.
Tuition tends to increase by a small percentage every year.
Tuition varies according to major and level of education.
Tuition varies according to number of lessons.
Tuition varies according to program.
Tuition varies according to the number of class hours and cost of supplies.
Tuition varies according to the number of classes each camper enrolls in.
Tuition varies according to the number of credits taken, and cost of living depends on the country.
Tuition varies among the Minnesota colleges and universities.
Tuition varies and is based on gross family income.
Tuition varies based on the duration and nature of the selected experience.
Tuition varies by class.
Tuition varies by college.
Tuition varies by course or workshop.
Tuition varies by program and campus location.
Tuition varies by program.
Tuition varies by school.
Tuition varies depending on grade and courses selected.
Tuition varies depending on graduate or undergraduate courses taken.
Tuition varies depending on program offerings.
Tuition varies depending on the type of class and is very reasonable.
Tuition varies depending upon the class.
Tuition varies depending upon year of entry.
Tuition varies for evening and nontraditional programs.
Tuition varies for international students.
Tuition varies for mini courses.
Tuition varies quite enormously.
Tuition varies widely among states .
Tuition varies widely.
Tuition varies with age of child, location, and scheduling arrangements.
Tuition varies with length of class per week.
Tuition varies with level and hours.
Tuition varies with location and includes student handouts.
Tuition varies with programs.
Tuition varies with the age of the child.
Tuition varies with the amount of materials required.
Tuition varies, depending on the grade level and school.
Tuition waivers for employees and their dependents.
Tuitions are fees for the deans.
Tuitions are low.
Tuitions are payable at the beginning of the month.
Tuitions assure that eventually.
Tuitions do cover all program activities.
Tuitions is the requirement of every household, every student in the country.
Tuitions shown are per week.
Tuition usually increases annually, beginning with the Summer Session.
Tuition usually is paid by the participant's employer or sponsoring organization.
All tuition is assessed per credit, there is no flat tuition rate during the summer.
All tuition is charged on a per semester hour of credit or partial credit hour.
All tuition is due and payable in advance, according to the signed Enrollment and Tuition Agreement.
All tuition is due at the beginning of the semester.
All tuition is due at time of registration.
All tuition is due in advance of the first class.
All tuition is due in advance.
All tuition is due on the first day of the semester.
All tuition is due on the first or the fifteenth of the month.
All tuition is due regardless of status of financial aid.
All tuition is free of charge.
All tuition is given in English.
All tuition is in English.
All tuition is non-refundable .
All tuition is non-refundable.
All tuition is paid to the student s home school.
All tuition is paid to the student's home school.
All tuition is payable in full upon registration.
All tuition is taken care of in the reciprocal exchange.
All tuition is waived for teaching assistants.
All tuition is waived for the academic year.
All tuition listed include registration fees, transportation, insurance, swimming and t-shirt.
All tuitions are non-refundable no exceptions.
All tuitions are tax deductible and protected by a surety bond.
All tuitions are to be paid in full by the end of the school year.
Every tuition is subsidized.
Most tuition is FREE .
A tularemia is a zoonotic disease
Tularemia can be a severe disease, but it is curable with appropriate antibiotic therapy.
A tulip bed is a flowerbed
Tulip beds require additional watering during long dry periods in the winter with no rain or snow.
Tulip bulbs are a good replacement for onions in cooking.
Tulip bulbs are another matter.
Tulip bulbs are asymmetrical - one side is slightly flattened.
Tulip bulbs are bulbs.
Tulip bulbs are dormant due to rest.
Tulip bulbs are planted in the fall.
Tulip bulbs are still a major export of the Netherlands.
Tulip bulbs decline rapidly in shady locations.
Tulip bulbs develop yellow or brown spots on the outer white scales.
Tulip bulbs seem to be the favorite.
Some tulip bulbs produce shoots.
Tulip fever is a good story told in a gripping way.
A tulip poplar is a tree
Tulip poplars are often the tallest and straightest trees in forests.
Tulip poplars grow best in gentle, concave slopes.
Tulip poplars have a fast to medium rate of growth.
Tulip poplars provide important winter seeds for chikadees.
Tulip seeds are dispersed by several different methods in nature.
Tulip seeds are found inside the seedpod of the flower.
Tulip time draws visitors from all corners of the country.
A tulip tree is a tree
Tulip tree has a straight trunk, with dark, eyebrow-like marks and many upright branches.
Tulip tree has very unique leaves that resemble a tulip shape.
Tulip tree is named for the flowers and leaves that resemble tulips.
Tulip trees are the largest growing deciduous trees in the United States.
Tulip trees grow quickly and very straight.
Tulip trees reach height.
Tulip trees require basic maintenance.
Tulip trees require maintenance.
All tulip trees are unreliable in clay flats which are subject to ponding and flooding.
Most tulip trees reach height.
Most tulip trees require basic maintenance.
Most tulip trees require maintenance.
Some tulip trees provide shades.
A tulip is a bulbous plant
Tulip isa tracheophyte.
Tulip therefore expects to close the year with a moderately positive net result.
Tulips actually prefer mountain regions when growing wild.
Tulips add color, texture and excitement to meals.
Tulips also contain both male and female parts, which allows the plant to reproduce asexually.
Tulips also mean eternal life and are heralds of spring.
Tulips are a part of the lily family.
Tulips are a specialty, of course, but there's an enormous variety flowers grown there.
Tulips are affected by fungal, bacterial and viral diseases.
Tulips are an elegant and classical choice for weddings, particularly a spring wedding.
Tulips are angiosperms with a single large flower.
Tulips are bright, cup-shaped flowers with a smooth green stem.
Tulips are brightly colored, upright flowers which bloom from early spring to early summer.
Tulips are comfortable in any container from tin cans to wood baskets to crystal vases.
Tulips are easy to propagate and are readily available to buy in the UK as bulbs or cut flowers.
Tulips are flowers.
Tulips are hardy, spring-flowering garden bulbs available in just about every color of the rainbow.
Tulips are heavy flowers.
Tulips are in various stages of bloom and magnolias are in full bloom and dropping petals.
Tulips are irrepressibly cheerful flowers, and beloved symbols of spring and renewal.
Tulips are like dogs.
Tulips are monocots belonging to the lily family, the Liliaceae.
Tulips are naturally a perennial plant, meaning that they come back year after year.
Tulips are one of the coldest tolerant bulbs on the market.
Tulips are particularly thirsty flowers, so add fresh water every day.
Tulips are particularly thirsty.
Tulips are perfect for gardens that are designed to bloom from the earliest possible date.
Tulips are relatively easy to grow and do particularly well in flower beds and borders.
Tulips are self-sufficient.
Tulips are slightly more difficult, but with proper treatments they can be forced successfully.
Tulips are sun as well as shade lovers.
Tulips are sweet.
Tulips are symbolic of fame and perfect love.
Tulips are the exception.
Tulips are the most popular flower after roses.
Tulips are the most senstive to poor drainage.
Tulips are tough and can survive well in our northern winters.
Tulips are up.
Tulips are used fresh rather than cooked and can be added to appetizers, salads and desserts.
Tulips are useful for landscaping and for cut flowers.
Tulips are usually most satisfactory if new bulbs are purchased each fall.
Tulips are very cold hardy and adapted to our climate.
Tulips are very easy to grow.
Tulips are very hardy.
Tulips are very popular in Holland and are celebrated at an annual festival.
Tulips begin to poke through the dirt.
Tulips bloom for years.
Tulips bloom in springs.
Tulips bloom on bulbous plants , with large, showy flowers with six petals.
Tulips blossom in the spring with colorful blooms that liven up a spring landscape.
Tulips can be black, purple, traditional red, yellow and pink and even a stately white.
Tulips can continue to grow as much as an inch per day after being cut.
Tulips can have one or more flowers on the stem.
Tulips can wait the longest.
Tulips capture the bouquet better than any other shape.
Tulips combine well with other flowers.
Tulips come in all colors except blue.
Tulips come in both subdued and brilliant colors.
Tulips come in the largest variety of sizes and colors, as well as blooming periods.
Tulips come in the widest selection of colors and varieties.
Tulips come up when it is warmer.
Tulips cost more in the summer than in the spring.
Tulips disperse seeds.
Tulips do best in areas with dry summers and cold winters.
Tulips drink up a lot of water.
Tulips expresses the persona s realization of the evil that dwells within the flower.
Tulips generally bloom about two to three weeks every spring for three to five years.
Tulips grow and bend with the light, roses open and drop petals.
Tulips grow from bulbs and produce colorful cup-shaped flowers in the spring.
Tulips grow from bulbs that store food for the plants' growth.
Tulips grow from seeds or bulbs.
Tulips grow in any well-drained soil.
Tulips grow in springs.
Tulips grow naturally across Europe and Asia.
Tulips grow under the snow because after the snow is gone it's spring.
Tulips grow wild over a great territory in Asia Minor through Siberia to China.
Tulips have (part) cell membranes.
Tulips have (part) cells.
Tulips have (part) corpi.
Tulips have (part) cytoplasm.
Tulips have (part) nuclei.
Tulips have (part) plasma membranes.
Tulips have (part) sections.
Tulips have (part) vacuoles.
Tulips have basal leaves.
Tulips have bulbs.
Tulips have color.
Tulips have distinct color.
Tulips have flowers.
Tulips have leaves.
Tulips have requirements.
Tulips have that effect on a border.
Tulips have underground storage organs called bulbs to survive the long months of winter.
Tulips like to dry out in the summer.
Tulips mean eternal life and are heralds of spring.
Tulips originate from central Asia.
Tulips perform best in a sandy, organically enriched soil.
Tulips perform best in full sun and well-drained soils.
Tulips poke through the snow.
Tulips pose a bit of a challenge for the cultivator.
Tulips prefer a pure, loamy soil.
Tulips prefer a site with full or afternoon sun.
Tulips produce tuliposides and tulipalins, chemical substances that induce allergy.
Tulips represent elegance and grace.
Tulips reproduce with seeds in the wild by scattering the seeds at the end of the flowering season.
Tulips require a period of cold while they are dormant and resting between shows.
Tulips require a period of cold while they're dormant and resting between shows.
Tulips require well drained soil and good sunlight.
Tulips symbolize imagination, dreaminess, perfect lover and a declaration of love.
Tulips tend to droop once they've been cut.
Tulips thrive on just plain clean water.
Tulips use photosynthesis.
Tulips vary tremendously in flower and plant size, bloom period, shape, and color.
Tulips work best in a vase all by themselves.
All tulips dislike excessive moisture.
All tulips prefer full sun and exceptionally well-drained soil.
Many tulips only have a one or two year blooming period before only growing foliage then dying off.
Most Tulips come from Holland and they bloom in spring.
Most tulips grow in springs.
Most tulips have color.
Most tulips have distinct color.
Most tulips have flowers in different shades of yellow, orange, pink, red and violet.
Most tulips have flowers.
Most tulips have leaves.
Most tulips have requirements.
Most tulips look better against the backdrop of spring green.
Most tulips use photosynthesis.
Some tulips grow in grassy meadows.
Some tulips grow in meadows.
Some tulips multiply, but most fade away after a couple of springs.
A tulipwood is wood
Tulipwood is similar and striped like steaky bacon.
Tulle netting is nestled in and around the flowers then topped with a airy chiffon ribbon.
Tulle netting is the material that is often used on bridal veils.
A tulle is a network
Tulle is a beautiful fabic gift tie.
Tulle is delicate and adds elegance to any decor.
Tulle is pink irridescent with hearts.
Tulle is the classic fabric for bridal veils.
Tulle is the stuff that's put under wedding gowns to help the skirts stand out.
Tulles are net.
Tulsi basil is easy to grow from seeds.
Tulu folklore speaks of a girl student who tried copying letters on sand and memorize lessons.
A tum is an organ
Tum answers the door.
Tum hears the noise and comes into the room.
Tum isa organ.
Tum later receives a large amount of money and discovers truths about materialism.
Tum opens the book.
Tum walks past.
Tums also are a good source of calcium.
Tums are an inexpensive and good source of calcium.
Tums are basically mint-flavored chalk, or calcium carbonate.
Tums are okay to use and have no effect on mycophenolate.
Tums are tablets that contain calcium carbonate.
Tums contain a variety of compounds, including talc as a binder.
Tums have (part) corpi.
Tums have (part) lobes.
Tums have calcium.
Tumble dryers can also increase indoor humidity and promote mould growth.
Tumble dryers use an enormous amount of electricity.
Tumble pigweed is a small plant, about three feet high at maturity.
Tumble pigweed is common across the entire United States.
Tumble pigweed is found in all counties of Iowa.
Tumble finish with a special glass bead cavity and face treatment.
Tumblebugs role up the wastes and make it round.
Tumbled marble has a more natural appearance than a finished polished marble floor.
Tumbled marble is more popular as is marble without polish to make it look old.
Tumbler locks are also available.
A tumbler is glass
Tumblers are acrobats who exhibit a high degree of skill and creativity.
Tumblers are glass.
Tumblers are good for making quick batches of compost.
Tumblers are gymnasts.
Tumblers are obstructions.
Tumblers are part of locks.
Tumblers are tanks with baffles which can hold up to many tons of injected meat.
Tumblers demonstrate speed, strength and skill while executing a series of acrobatic maneuvers.
Tumblers have a textured surface that's slip-resistant and easier to hold.
Tumblers have to fall in the right order, planets have to align.
Tumblers use crushed corn cobs or walnut shell and they vibrate to clean cases.
Tumblers use ground corncob or walnut combined with a chemical polish.
Tumbleweed is amaranths.
Tumbleweed is an amaranth
Tumbleweed is on the west side of the street just west of the Fox River Mall.
Tumbleweed is weeds.
Tumbleweed recognizes a lack of affordable printing within the publishing community.
Tumbleweed trickles chemicals into the soil.
Tumbleweeds are actually big bushes that break off and start tumbling in the wind.
Tumbleweeds are the skeletons of lost starfish.
Tumbleweeds blow around.
Tumbleweeds blow on the weekends.
Tumbleweeds blow through here like it is a ghost town in an old bad western movie.
Tumbleweeds finishes it with a full button front and inseam pockets.
Tumbleweeds hop across roads.
Tumbleweeds retain tag belts.
Tumbleweeds roll in the wind, shaking seeds out as they travel.
A tumbling is a sport
Tumbling also lengthens the maturation period, allowing flavors to more fully develop.
Tumbling are exercising.
Tumbling can help whip brittle shells into shape.
Tumbling helps to remove empty cells and leaf litter, thus reducing volume.
Tumbling is a simple process where the rough material is put in a revolving barrel with abrasives.
Tumbling is a very important part of the overall process.
Tumbling is easy.
Tumbling is optional.
Tumbling is the simplest and least expensive method.
Tumbling produces a polished, although irregular-shaped or baroque bead.
Tumbling seems to be the theme of late.
All tumbling is spotted for safety by qualified personnel.
Tumescent liposuction contours the surrounding fat.
Tumescent liposuction is currently the standard of care for surgical fat removal.
Tumescent liposuction is done painlessly under local anesthesia with minimal blood loss.
Tumescent liposuction is performed only after a full medical evaluation.
Tumkur district happens to be one of the prominent coconut growing areas in the state.
A tummy is an organ
Tummies are full.
Tummies have (part) corpi.
Tummy isa tissue.
Some tummies break down proteins.
Tumor biology varies widely in prostate cancer.
Tumor board meets monthly.
Tumor boards allow for the pooling of knowledge, skills and past experience.
Tumor cells are also as likely to reside in the lungs.
Tumor cells are cells that have lost the map.
Tumor cells are cytogenetically heterogeneous.
Tumor cells are distinct from the benign stroma.
Tumor cells are osteocytes or osteoblasts and resemble normal osteoblasts.
Tumor cells are present within the vessels and soft tissue of the renal sinus.
Tumor cells are small with small nuclei and readily visible but small nucleoli.
Tumor cells are young, immortal cells that never grow up, mature and die off.
Tumor cells are young, immortal cells that never grow, mature and die off.
Tumor cells can also inhibit normal blood cells from stopping the formation of a clot.
Tumor cells can directly activate the blood-clotting cascade.
Tumor cells can do things with their genes that are amazing.
Tumor cells can induce angiogenesis through a variety of soluble factors.
Tumor cells compete for nutrients, often at the expense of the normal cells' growth.
Tumor cells contain all the possible target proteins.
Tumor cells enter the lymph node via afferent lymphatics.
Tumor cells fight back to beat immune system.
Tumor cells grow faster than normal cells and therefore have an increased demand for nutrients.
Tumor cells have a peroxide intolerance due to insufficient glutathione peroxidase and catalase.
Tumor cells have certain 'markers' that are only found on other tumor cells.
Tumor cells have low nuclear grade, inconspicuous nucleoli, and low mitotic activity.
Tumor cells have oval to round nuclei with stippled chromatin.
Tumor cells indicate dissemination of metastatic or primary brain tumors in the subarachnoid space.
Tumor cells proliferate when that engine fails to operate.
Tumor cells resemble hepatocytes.
Tumor cells secrete a vascular permeability factor that promotes accumulation of ascites fluid.
Tumor cells tell the host to provide a blood supply.
Many tumor cells exhibit strong cytoplasmic PAS positivity which is abolished by diastase digestion.
Most tumor cells have different genes and proteins activated compared to normal cells.
Most tumor cells have high levels of diglyceride.
Some tumor cells are resistant to chemotherapy.
Some tumor cells contain brown melanin pigment.
Some tumor cells contain specific antigens that trigger the production of tumor-specific antibodies.
Some tumor cells contain vacuoles indenting the nucleus.
Tumor grade is the single most important prognostic variable.
Tumor grade is useful as a predictor of outcome.
Tumor grade refers to the degree of abnormality of cancer cells compared with normal cells.
Tumor immunology is just one of several hot topics in the discipline today.
Tumor markers are also useful in selected malignant conditions.
Tumor markers are another example.
Tumor markers are substances present in abnormal amounts in some people who have liver cancer.
Tumor markers are substances present in abnormal amounts in some people who have pancreatic cancer.
Tumor markers are therefore powerful tools for guiding the course of cancer therapies.
Tumor progression involves successful rounds of mutation and natural selection.
Tumor progression is the incremental development of increasingly malignant stated by a tumor.
Tumor promoters are chemicals that can increase tumor growth.
Tumor promoters decrease intercellular communication.
Tumor promotion is a multifaceted process ultimately dependent on cell proliferation for completion.
Tumor promotion is linked with inflammation and oxidative stress.
Tumor proteins are mixed with ones the immune system naturally fights and reinjected into the body.
Tumor specimens have receptors.
Tumor stage is clearly important in anticipating the clinical course of a given patient's disease.
Tumor stage refers to how advanced the tumor is in the entire body.
Tumor suppressor meets oncogene.
Tumor suppressors check cell-cycle progression.
A tumor virus is a virus
Tumor viruses are of two distinct types.
A tumor is growth
Tumor antigens and the immune response to cancer.
Tumor are graded but only after a biopsy.
Tumor arises from the retina and extends into the vitreous cavity.
Tumor burden the size of the tumor or number of abnormal cells in the organ or tissue.
Tumor burden The volume of malignancy that the host, or patient is currently dealing with.
Tumor can invade and exit the kidney as renal vein tumor thrombi.
Tumor cells in a low pH environment are the most difficult to eradicate during therapy.
Tumor cells with abundant pale cytoplasm infiltrate the epidermis individually and in nests.
Tumor escape mechanisms.
Tumor extends beyond the surgical margins either microscopically or grossly.
Tumor extends to the surgical margin.
Tumor grading indicates how quickly the tumor is growing.
Tumor grading is important for prognosis and therapy.
Tumor grows in sheets interspersed with thin-walled vessels.
Tumor invades along perivascular spaces with perivascular cuffing.
Tumor invades muscularis propria.
Tumor invades perivesical fat i. microscopically ii.
Tumor invades the submucosa and muscularis.
Tumor invades through the muscularis propria into the subserosa, or into the perirectal tissues.
Tumor involves the lower third of the vagina with no extension to the pelvic sidewall.
Tumor is present on one side.
Tumor is still there - same size but so far harmless.
Tumor isa illness.
Tumor isa sickness.
Tumor penetrates into and through the muscularis propria of the bowel wall.
Tumor perforates the lingual cortical plate and extends into surrounding soft tissue.
Tumor protrudes into the endometrial cavity.
Tumor registries iv.
Tumor replaces the whole testis.
Tumor simply means abnormal growth.
Tumor simply means growth.
Tumor suppressor genes act like a blueprint.
Tumor suppressor genes act like brakes to regulate the growth and multiplication of normal cells.
Tumor suppressor genes actively stop tumor growth until they are altered or mutated.
Tumor suppressor genes and cancer genes are two areas that depend on the methylation switch.
Tumor suppressor genes block cell division, or instruct cells to die when appropriate.
Tumor suppressor genes control protooncogenes.
Tumor suppressor genes generally slow down the cell cycle.
Tumor suppressor genes produce proteins that can halt the cell growth cycle.
Tumor suppressor genes produce proteins that normally stop cell proliferation.
Tumor suppressor genes tell cells when to stop dividing.
Tumor suppressor genes usually suppress the growth of tumors and control cell growth.
Tumor suppressor genes work by producing a protein that helps prevent run- away cell division.
Tumor suppressor genes work by producing a protein that helps prevent run-away cell division.
Tumors account for a tiny percentage of the headaches seen in office practice.
Tumors account for about one third of all frontal lobe epilepsy cases.
Tumors affecting both of the auditory nerves are the hallmark.
Tumors also can press on the optic nerve, interfering with vision.
Tumors also can spread from the bladder, the adrenal gland or other nearby organs.
Tumors also cause sinusitis.
Tumors also cause slow protrusion.
Tumors also depend on angiogenesis.
Tumors also develop resistance to retinoids.
Tumors also invade host tissues via remodeling of the transitional fibrin gel.
Tumors also occur in the nose and sinuses with sometimes subtle warning signs.
Tumors also shrink when negatively polarized.
Tumors appear a relative short time after transplantation.
Tumors appear anywhere on the skin or mucous membranes as red-purple patches or nodules.
Tumors are abnormal masses of tissue that form when cells begin to reproduce at an increased rate.
Tumors are also a possibility.
Tumors are benign or malignant.
Tumors are cancer.
Tumors are caused by an abnormal multiplication of body cells.
Tumors are either benign or malignant.
Tumors are fast-growing, they demand lots of energy to keep growing.
Tumors are formed when cell division goes wrong and is no longer controlled.
Tumors are generally in the center of the lesion, away from the border.
Tumors are growth.
Tumors are heterogeneous with regard to antigen expression.
Tumors are incredibly American.
Tumors are know to be enormous sugar absorbers.' .
Tumors are life threatening.
Tumors are malignant or benign.
Tumors are more common in strains of guinea pigs that have been inbred.
Tumors are more common in the brain than in the spinal cord.
Tumors are more common in the older rather than in younger pet.
Tumors are most often only of cosmetic significance.
Tumors are neoplasm.
Tumors are of two types, benign and malignant.
Tumors are one potential cause of an over-production of cerebrospinal fluid.
Tumors are polyclonal at the outset, but develop into monocolonal proliferations.
Tumors are rare in the distal extremities.
Tumors are rare, but can grow on the tonsils.
Tumors are round, firm, yellowish to red lesions.
Tumors are the most common space-occupying masses in both locations.
Tumors are uncommon causes of smell disturbance.
Tumors are usually firm, rounded or lobulated, and sharply circumscribed from lung parenchyma.
Tumors are usually large and distinctly red.
Tumors are usually papillary serous carcinomas with similar features to sporadic tumors.
Tumors are usually well demarcated from surrounding tissues.
Tumors are usually well-circumscribed, encapsulated and lobulated.
Tumors are very common in rats, especially females, perhaps owing to their heritage as lab animals.
Tumors are well defined on immediate postgadolinium spoiled gradient echo images.
Tumors arise after the loss or inactivation of the wild type allele in a cell.
Tumors arise as focal lesions in the lung.
Tumors arise in both the major and minor glands, but are more frequent in the former.
Tumors arising from bone and cartilage cells do occur in the spine, although with less frequency.
Tumors arising in or around the joints often cause swelling and tenderness.
Tumors arising in the midbrain usually affect only the nerves supplying the eye muscles.
Tumors arising in the skull and spine are sometimes inoperable.
Tumors begin to form.
Tumors bleed easily.
Tumors can affect the receptors in the brain that tell the stomach if it is full.
Tumors can also become ulcerated and bleed.
Tumors can also cause difficulty swallowing.
Tumors can also damage blood vessels.
Tumors can also grow in the tonsils, but they are rare.
Tumors can also grow on the brain and spinal cord.
Tumors can also originate within the eye itself.
Tumors can also spread to lymph nodes, adrenal glands, and lung, bone, and brain tissues.
Tumors can also weaken the bones thus causing fractures.
Tumors can appear again, which is called recurrence.
Tumors can appear in virtually any tissues of the body.
Tumors can be benign or malignant .
Tumors can be benign or malignant.
Tumors can be benign, meaning noncancerous, or malignant, meaning cancerous.
Tumors can be cancerous or non-cancerous.
Tumors can be either benign or malignant .
Tumors can be either benign or malignant.
Tumors can be either invasive or noninvasive.
Tumors can be either malignant or benign.
Tumors can be locally aggressive or have nodal and hematogenous metastases.
Tumors can be malignant or benign.
Tumors can be malignant or non-malignant.
Tumors can be non-malignant or benign.
Tumors can become quite large, interfering with the ability of nearby organs or tissues to function.
Tumors can cause an attack as well as blood vessel disorders.
Tumors can crowd out and destroy the healthy cells and tissues the body needs.
Tumors can develop anywhere in the colon or rectum.
Tumors can develop in one or both breasts.
Tumors can directly destroy brain cells.
Tumors can double in size every month, and the cancer can spread quickly to other parts of the body.
Tumors can form within the spinal column.
Tumors can grow in the iris causing blindness as well as affecting major organs.
Tumors can grow in vitro as calli on hormone-free media.
Tumors can grow over a turtle's eyes and blind it.
Tumors can grow up into the third ventricle causing hydrocephalus.
Tumors can grow within and behind the iris.
Tumors can invade tissues without alerting the soldiers of the immune system to come out and fight.
Tumors can make it hard for turtles to swim and find food.
Tumors can occur along the surface of the bladder or grow within the bladder.
Tumors can occur in any portion of the brain and spinal cord and can be benign or malignant.
Tumors can occur in the brain of both dogs and cats.
Tumors can occur in the eyes and cause irregularly shaped pupils and blindness.
Tumors can overwhelm the body's defenses with hundreds of millions of cancer cells.
Tumors can produce substances that cause the activation of osteoclastic bone resorption.
Tumors can require further testing through surgical biopsy.
Tumors cause blockage.
Tumors cause deviation.
Tumors come in all shapes, sizes and colors and can get rather huge when left untreated.
Tumors commonly arise in areas of sun damage, and are common on the head, neck, and hands.
Tumors contain large numbers of cells with micronuclei.
Tumors continue to develop for years.
Tumors depend on new blood vessels to grow and spread.
Tumors develop at the site where the snuff is lodged, primarily at the gingivobuccal sulcus.
Tumors develop when abnormal cells start to grow out of control.
Tumors develop when components of the immune system decline or fail.
Tumors develop when the surveillance system breaks down or is overwhelmed.
Tumors elicit emotion.
Tumors enhance after Gadolinium is given.
Tumors evade the immune system by a number of mechanisms.
Tumors exhibit features of cartilage, including abundant ground substance and chondrocytes.
Tumors feed on toxins and the liver removes the toxins.
Tumors generally grow faster than their normal tissue counterparts.
Tumors generally provide no useful function and grow at the expense of healthy tissues.
Tumors grow most rapidly at small tumor volumes.
Tumors grow new blood vessels to support the rapidly growing number of cancer cells.
Tumors grow on the soft body parts of turtles.
Tumors grow rapidly and are quickly terminal unless treated.
Tumors grow very differently in mice.
Tumors grow when cancer cells multiply out of control.
Tumors growing in the corners of the mouth make breathing and eating difficult.
Tumors have a predilection for the eyelid, particularly the inner canthus.
Tumors have a way of tricking cells into making blood vessels grow to nourish it.
Tumors have an abnormal vascular system.
Tumors have an infiltrative growth that is difficult to eradicate completely.
Tumors have basic needs to fill before they can kill.
Tumors have characteristics.
Tumors increase in both number and size.
Tumors increase in number and size, resulting in more drag and making swimming more difficult.
Tumors induce angiogenesis almost continuously until the neoplasm is eliminated or the host dies.
Tumors initially rely on diffusion for nutrient, oxygen, and waste transport.
Tumors invade lymphatics and spread to the local draining lymph node.
Tumors involving the brain or spinal cord are untreatable.
Tumors involving the medulla usually cause swallowing problems and weakness of the arms and legs.
Tumors involving the sacrum are difficult to treat.
Tumors lead to death.
Tumors located in the pelvis can cause constipation and urinary retention.
Tumors make it much harder for a turtle to survive.
Tumors make substances that stimulate angiogenesis, as well as substances that inhibit it.
Tumors occur in organs.
Tumors outsmart the treatment by using several pathways and getting around it.
Tumors perform no useful body function.
Tumors presenting without a distinctive pattern are always a challenge to pathologists.
Tumors promote altered maturation and early apoptosis of monocyte- derived dendritic cells.
Tumors promote altered maturation and early apoptosis of monocyte-derived dendritic cells.
Tumors range histologically from well-differentiated to poorly differentiated.
Tumors require new blood vessels to sustain their rapidly proliferating cancer cells.
Tumors require ongoing angiogenesis to support their growth.
Tumors require the formation of new blood vessels termed, angiogenesis, to grow.
Tumors require treatments.
Tumors result when too much tissue is formed.
Tumors secrete excess cortisol independent of pituitary control.
Tumors See a blue laser beaming into the tumor, making it shrivel and shrink.
Tumors show marked cellular pleomorphism and architectural abnormalities and most are non-papillary.
Tumors shrink or slow their growth as testosterone levels are reduced.
Tumors start out without circulation.
Tumors stimulate the growth of new blood vessels in order to grow.
Tumors take away space in the lungs that are used for gas exchange.
Tumors tend to be variable in their histologic pattern.
Tumors then form and clog the lung, making it difficult for the lung to work properly.
Tumors thus have to force the construction of special blood vessels.
Tumors treated by immunotherapy are usually small and localized.
Tumors trigger angiogenesis to generate their own blood supplies.
Tumors Uncontrolled replication of cells leads to cell overgrowths, that is tumors .
Tumors frequently are multilobulated and are somewhat firmer than ordinary lipomas.
Tumors often cause seizures.
Tumors often grow to cover both eyes.
Tumors often increase in size following radiation because of swelling.
Tumors often invade the gastrointestinal tract, particularly the abomasum.
Tumor usually enhances more than surrounding muscle because of contrast.
Tumors usually develop later in life with an age distribution similar to that of sporadic tumors.
Tumors usually have to be quite large to cause personality changes.
Tumors usually originate in a wound .
Tumors usually shrink within one to two days of therapy.
Tumors usually start to grow at a single site called the primary site.
All tumors blur into the body.
Any tumor can spread by local extension.
Many tumors actually affect platelet function to serve their own needs.
Many tumors are already very large by the time they are even detected through a mammogram.
Many tumors are heterogeneous and contain multiple cell types native to the host organ.
Many tumors are malignant .
Many tumors grow rapidly and can compromise the health and well-being of the research animals.
Many tumors grow slowly, and can often be felt in a digital rectal exam.
Many tumors have inactivating mutations in their tumor suppressor genes.
Many tumors require the production of new blood vessels to support their growth.
Many tumors secrete substantial amounts of mitogenic growth factors.
More Tumors depend on blood supply to grow.
Most tumor specimens have receptors.
Most tumors also contain intra- and extracellular hyaline globules.
Most tumors are adenocarcinomas, although squamous tumors and cholangiocarcinoma occur.
Most tumors are benign and involve the skin and respiratory tract lining.
Most tumors are benign.
Most tumors are deeply invasive.
Most tumors are peripheral.
Most tumors are relatively small and show little change in the early stages.
Most tumors are sensitive to radiation.
Most tumors are the result of a single mutation.
Most tumors arise on the sun-exposed regions of the head and neck.
Most tumors arise within a preexisting pilar cyst.
Most tumors arising outside of the nervous system can travel to the area surrounding the spine.
Most tumors become evident to physicians after surreptitiously existing for some time.
Most tumors cause blockage.
Most tumors cause deviation.
Most tumors contain cells that continue to divide beyond normal limits or indefinitely.
Most tumors derive from a single, slightly aberrant cell.
Most tumors have characteristics.
Most tumors have excellent prognosis and can be treated by surgical removal.
Most tumors have gray-white to tan color and firm consistency.
Most tumors have receptors for chemokines.
Most tumors lead to death.
Most tumors metastasize to the lung before proceeding to the brain.
Most tumors occur at the ampulla in the duodenum.
Most tumors occur in organs.
Most tumors occur in the lower esophagus.
Most tumors present with well characterized syndromes, whereas others appear to be nonfunctioning.
Most tumors require treatments.
Most tumors secrete mucin.
Most tumors tend to be lateral to the spinal cord, with ventrolateral being the most common site.
Some tumors affect adults.
Some tumors affect brains.
Some tumors affect dogs.
Some tumors affect middle age adults.
Some tumors affect organs.
Some tumors are benign and are composed of cells which resemble the normal cells of that organ.
Some tumors are benign, and some children can be cured by surgery.
Some tumors are benign, or non-cancerous.
Some tumors are benign.
Some tumors are curable with surgery, while others recur.
Some tumors are harmless.
Some tumors are monophasic and consist either of the spindle cells or the epithelial cells.
Some tumors are more rapid in their growth and can cause symptoms quickly.
Some tumors are more sensitive to chemotherapy than others.
Some tumors are very aggressive and others are relatively indolent.
Some tumors can cause the bone to expand, also placing pressure on surrounding tissues.
Some tumors can produce hCG or free beta subunits.
Some tumors cause deficiencies.
Some tumors cause excess secretion.
Some tumors cause memory.
Some tumors cause neurological symptoms.
Some tumors cause prolactin secretion.
Some tumors cause secretion.
Some tumors cause symptoms.
Some tumors contain a fluid-filled cyst.
Some tumors develop in women.
Some tumors even break bones.
Some tumors grow rapidly.
Some tumors grow very slowly and others grow rapidly.
Some tumors have activities.
Some tumors have appearances.
Some tumors have features.
Some tumors have high metabolic activities.
Some tumors have liquid centers and , like cysts, get bigger and smaller.
Some tumors have metabolic activities.
Some tumors have more than one histologic pattern.
Some tumors have more than one histologic variant.
Some tumors have special characteristics that can be discovered using special techniques.
Some tumors hide in dense tissue or are outside the area mammography is able to reach.
Some tumors occur in brains.
Some tumors occur in glands.
Some tumors occur in lungs.
Some tumors occur in right lungs.
Some tumors occur in spines.
Some tumors present with well characterized syndromes, while others appear to be nonfunctioning.
Some tumors produce a substance that can cause the kidneys to excrete too little calcium.
Some tumors produce excessive hormones.
Some tumors produce histamine.
Some tumors produce hormones.
Some tumors require surgery to diagnose accurately, ruling out malignancy, or to treat.
Some tumors respond to chemotherapy but after a period the therapy stops working.
Some tumors secrete tumor growth factor-beta which is immunosuppressive.
Some tumors show only one change while others show combinations of two or three.
Some tumors shrink slowly after radiation treatment.
Tumoral calcifications are uncommon in the pediatric age group.
Tumour cells activate their own migration by producing a cell-surface bound chemotactic activity.
Some tumour cells continue to modify their properties as they grow.
Tumour hypoxia is the result of inadequate blood supply to the tumour.
Tumour markers are substances produced by a tumour, or by the body in response to a tumour.
Tumour stage is also of prognostic significance.
Tumour suppressors are another important genetic link to cancer.
Tumour invades intrahepatic branches of the portal vein.
Tumour is growth
Tumours also develop in steroid treated hamsters.
Tumours are also a frequent cause of obstruction.
Tumours are less common than in the Parotid Gland, and malignant tumours are rare .
Tumours can also arise from the bronchial tree.
Tumours can also develop if the animal is exposed to chemical carcinogens .
Tumours can be benign or malignant .
Tumours can be benign or malignant.
Tumours can be either benign or malignant .
Tumours can be either benign or malignant.
Tumours can either be benign or malignant.
Tumours grow around the nerve compressing it and leading to a gradual loss of hearing.
Tumours have a nasty tendency to migrate from their origin to other organs.
Tumours originating from the thymocytes are called thymic lymphomas .
Tumours perform no useful body function.
Tumours tend to be more common in older female rats.
Tumours turtles green sea turtle collection professional satellite mystical.
Most tumours are characterized by regions of necrosis, mild and severe hypoxia and normoxia.
Most tumours can form sclerotic deposits at some stage, even myeloma.
Some tumours are very receptor positive and others less so.
Tumult is commotion
Tumult is outside as well as inside the prison.
Tumultuous home lives.
Tumultuous tides increase as the inverse of the cube of the distance.
A tun is a barrel
All tuns are direct-fired using natural gas burners.
A tuna fish is a saltwater fish
Tuna fish are located in cans.
Tuna fish are located in containers.
Tuna fish are located in oceans.
Tuna fish gather in shoals and migrate inshore to breed, where they are caught in large numbers.
Tuna fish has too much mercury to be eaten regularly by pregnant women and young children.
Tuna fish is a good supply booster.
Tuna fish is a great source of vitamin D, and so are eggs.
Tuna fishermen utilize fish techniques.
Tuna fishermen utilize techniques.
Tuna sandwiches can be great and are a good health choice too.
Tuna adapts to environments.
Tuna contains mercury.
Tuna feeds on fish.
Tuna feeds on prey.
Tuna feeds on small fish.
Tuna gills inside of the head.
Tuna grades integrate effects of harvesting, handling and storage on fish quality.
Tuna has (part) cell membranes.
Tuna has (part) cells.
Tuna has (part) corpi.
Tuna has (part) cytoplasm.
Tuna has (part) nuclei.
Tuna has (part) peels.
Tuna has (part) plasma membranes.
Tuna has (part) sections.
Tuna has (part) vacuoles.
Tuna has fins.
Tuna has instinct.
Tuna has muscles.
Tuna has spiny fins.
Tuna has strong home instinct.
Tuna has strong instinct.
Tuna is a food fish
Tuna is eels.
Tuna is fish.
Tuna is located in cans.
Tuna is located in markets.
Tuna is located in oceans.
Tuna is located in water.
Tuna is meat.
Tuna is part of tuna.
Tuna is prickly pears.
Tuna is saltwater fish.
Tuna isa cactus.
Tuna like to race around at high speeds with dolphins - no one knows exactly why.
Tuna provides food.
Tuna reaches maturity.
Tuna reaches sexual maturity.
Tuna salads and more.
Tuna sandwiches, strawberry smoothies.
Tuna survives in water.
Tunas achieve endothermy by conserving the heat generated through normal metabolism .
Tunas achieve endothermy through high metabolic rates and low rates of body heat loss.
Tunas are agile predators, often feeding on smaller, particularly schooling, fishes.
Tunas are an important export commodity for the area.
Tunas are one of the most consumed fish species.
Tunas are over-fished in different parts of the world, especially in Japan and Australia.
Tunas are remarkable athletes.
Tunas are the fruits that bulge out at the end of the nopalitos.
Tunas are unique among bony fish in their ability to keep key parts of their body warm.
Tunas can travel large distances in a short period of time.
Tunas have a more streamlined body and the motion at the tail acts almost like a propeller.
Tunas have excellent eye sight and are very often line shy.
All tuna go on holiday to Tunisia.
Most tuna contains mercury.
Most tuna feeds on fish.
Most tuna feeds on prey.
Most tuna feeds on small fish.
Most tuna has fins.
Most tuna has instinct.
Most tuna has muscles.
Most tuna has spiny fins.
Most tuna has strong home instinct.
Most tuna has strong instinct.
Most tuna is cooked inside the can.
Most tuna provides food.
Most tuna reaches maturity.
Most tuna reaches sexual maturity.
Some tuna attracts ants.
Some tuna becomes prey.
Some tuna has fish.
Some tuna has heat.
Some tuna has streams.
Some tuna has values.
Some tuna lives for years.
Some tunas have specialized grooves in their tongue.
Tunable cars are optional, depending on the player's preference.
All tunable lasers involve formidable problems of stability and reusability.
Tunable markers provide for accurate readout even with graphical display.
Tunafish casserole is at least as real as corporate stock.
Tundra animals include musk oxes.
Tundra animals include oxes.
Tundra biomes are extremely cold and have very harsh conditions.
Tundra climates are extremely cold and snowy in winter.
Tundra plants get energy.
Most tundra plants are perennials, which helps ensure their long-term survival.
Most tundra plants get energy.
A tundra swan is a swan
Tundra swans add majestic grace to the summer lakes of the Refuge.
Tundra swans are birds.
Tundra swans are common spring migrants.
Tundra swans are monogamous, forming pairs in autumn.
Tundra swans are native to the Bay region, but rely on the Bay only for wintering habitat.
Tundra swans are swans.
Tundra swans are the state's largest migratory waterfowl species.
Tundra swans are very consistent in the times of day they fly and the routes they take.
Tundra swans carry their necks erect when on the water.
Tundra swans feed on shallow water.
Tundra swans feed on the stems, seeds, roots and tubers of submerged and emergent aquatic plants.
Tundra swans feed on water.
Tundra swans form strong, permanent, monogamous relationships.
Tundra swans have a curved or straight forehead.
Tundra swans have bills.
Tundra swans have foreheads.
Tundra swans have heads.
Tundra swans have round heads.
Tundra swans live in Asia, Alaska and Canada.
Tundra swans live in place like lakes, bays, and other bodies of water.
Tundra swans make many stops along their migration route.
Most tundra swans feed on shallow water.
Most tundra swans feed on water.
Most tundra swans have bills.
Most tundra swans have foreheads.
Most tundra swans have heads.
Most tundra swans have round heads.
Some tundra swans have plumages.
Some tundra swans have white plumages.
Tundra wolves have pure white fur.
Tundra wolves sink teeth.
Tundra again is typical of Canadian island surfaces well above the Arctic Circle.
Tundra also contains permafrost, or permanently frozen soil.
Tundra can take centuries to recover from even slight disturbance.
Tundra climates Tundra climates are dry, with a brief, chilly summer and a bitterly cold winter.
Tundra globally holds carbon equal to one-third of that in the atmosphere.
Tundra has natural resources.
Tundra has resources.
Tundra includes arctic tundra.
Tundra includes tundra.
Tundra is a biome .
Tundra is a biome.
Tundra is a fabless semiconductor firm, producing chips for the embedded systems market.
Tundra is a field
Tundra is a fragile plant, and if damaged can take hundreds of years to recover.
Tundra is a more stable breeding area than Prairies, less subject to drought.
Tundra is a Russian word.
Tundra is also a windy place.
Tundra is amazing.
Tundra is an environment characterized mainly by the absence of trees.
Tundra is back home.
Tundra is dangerous .
Tundra is especially fragile.
Tundra is flat and cold with low plants like grass and moss that only grow during the short summer.
Tundra is found in the extreme North of Canada and Asia.
Tundra is found near the poles.
Tundra is free, no fences.
Tundra is fun.
Tundra is generally low, flat and treeless.
Tundra is land that remains frozen throughout the year.
Tundra is plains.
Tundra is separated from the boreal forest of the subarctic region by the treeline.
Tundra is so fuckin' cool.
Tundra is the coldest and driest of all the biomes.
Tundra is the picture of absolute beauty.
Tundra is the primary biome of Antarctica.
Tundra is truly cool, with some stunning vistas.
Tundra is underlain by permanently frozen ground called permafrost.
Tundra is wetland.
Tundra isa plain.
Tundra reindeer live in large herds, though they fragment and become smaller in the winter months.
Tundra swans winter across the United States.
Tundra swans winter on the water and sleep afloat.
Tundra takes several half-hearted steps, and then stops.
Tundra uses a signing bonus and provides stock options.
Tundras are arctic plains that are dominated by sedge, heath, willow, and lichen.
Tundras are areas with short growing seasons and low temperatures.
Tundras are dry with long, cold winters and short, usually cool, summers.
Tundras are extremely cold areas with land that remains frozen year-round.
Tundras are located at very high elevations and are near the poles.
Tundras are most common in the Low Arctic, and polar barrens are dominant in the High Arctic.
Tundras are the biomes found farthest north.
Tundra's no slouch in the corners either.
Tundras typically migrate in large groups.
Most tundra has natural resources.
Most tundra has resources.
Most tundra includes arctic tundra.
Most tundra includes tundra.
Most tundras are lowlands with many lakes, but some also have mountains.
Most tundras are south of the north pole.
Most tundras receive little precipitation.
Some tundra contains fungi.
Some tundra contains plants.
Some tundra covers regions.
Some tundra is dominated by grass.
Some tundra supports hares.
A tune is music
TUNE are better than both, but harder to find.
Tune isa music.
Tunes appear alphabetically in each category.
Tunes are also suitable for fiddle, piano, or guitar.
Tunes are alteration.
Tunes are available as listed on the next page.
Tunes are from Ireland, Scotland, Wales, England, France, Germany and even one from Poland.
Tunes are from Sweden, Germany, Israel, France, Denmark, Canada, Ireland, Venezuela and more.
Tunes are located in jukeboxs.
Tunes are made of notes that go up or down or stay on the same pitch .
Tunes are made of notes that go up or down or stay on the same pitch.
Tunes are music.
Tunes are musical compositions.
Tunes are often simple, catchy melodies, like folksongs.
Tunes are OK, nothing more.
Tunes are organized according to five different categories of music composition.
Tunes are pitch.
Tunes are suitable for all traditional instruments.
Tunes are sweet.
Tunes are traditional unless credited.
Tunes are well sung and clear in quality.
Tunes become simpler to play, volume increases, and the fiddle acquires a richer sound.
Tunes cycle through the sixteen tunes with each keypress.
Tunes eventually open the channels between the conscious and the unconcious.
Tunes gently evolve in a very fluid fashion.
Tunes have melody and harmony and rhythm.
Tunes instrument to specified pitch, using tuning fork, tuning wrench, and handtools.
Tunes is a collection which runs from the serious to the slightly odd.
Tunes is also generous with sound clips from featured albums.
TUNEs is like the name says.
Tunes just seem to fit better with the levels and upon further investigation it all made sense.
Tunes lists etc.
Tunes never play solo but always as plainchant choirs of various sizes.
Tunes Put in some groovelicious tunes.
Tunes range across dub, drum 'n' bass, jungle, beats and breaks depending on DJs and mood.
Tunes range from airs to hornpipes to waltzes.
Tunes range from easy to hard, slow to fast etc.
Tunes range from the whimsical to the PC, but the music is never condescending.
Tunes range in tempos from slow to fast.
Tunes refuse to resolve and can therefore go on forever.
Tunes shoot up and out to no avail.
Tunes start below.
All tunes are good.
All tunes are hummable.
All tunes are in an easy to navigate directory structure, with long file names.
All tunes are in G tuning with notation and tablature.
All tunes are in standard notation.
All tunes are midi format and are long enough to complete the whole dance.
All tunes are originals, written by the members of the band, which disbanded in the same year.
All tunes are quiet, sophisticated and somewhat introspective.
All tunes are quite lengthy, no shorter than nine, no longer than seventeen minutes.
All tunes are traditional.
Every tune contains it's own lessons and many jazz compositions are unique unto themselves.
Every tune evokes strong memories and emotions.
Every tune has a complimentary picture with it, which makes it a feast for the eyes.
Every tune has a great rhythmic drive and propulsion tempered with a laid back, soulful groove.
Every tune has a rhythm that can be tapped .
Every tune has a rhythm that can be tapped.
Every tune is a conscious message aimed primarily at the youths, poor and exploited.
Every tune is a familiar melody.
Every tune is a party in itself.
Every tune is composed with the listeners feelings in mind.
Every tune is different.
Every tune is like a spiritual thing.
Every tune is so different.
Every tune is worthy of airplay, and well thought out in production.
Every tune speaks volumes without stepping on the toes of another.
Many tunes have guitar chords.
Many tunes have more than one way that they can be chorded.
Many tunes intentionally open up for lengthy exploratory passages.
Many tunes published in that period are still part of a living repertoire.
Many tunes sound great without any.
Many tunes still enjoy lasting popularity.
More tunes are available at the classical music archives.
Most tunes are arrangements and improvisations for recorders.
Most tunes contain references to published or recorded versions.
Most tunes reflect pungent, bitter feelings of rejection and painful emptiness.
Most tunes sound nicer at a faster clip.
Some tunes appear on more than one release, though only a primary source is listed.
Some tunes are also available on cassette.
Some tunes are common to both, but with discernable differences.
Some tunes are in a band setting and include backing tracks for improv.
Some tunes are naturals.
Some tunes are old-timey standards, all are favorites.
Some tunes feature a classical quartet playing with fiddle, bagpipe and acoustic guitar.
Some tunes have a dry, almost brittle feel, while others are warm and full.
Some tunes have a universal currency, others are purely local.
Some tunes jingle inside, some tunes jingle outside.
Some tunes just sound way too chirpy.
Some tunes mesh consciousness and ritual murderation.
Some tunes never go out of style.
Some tunes require one to recompile the kernel.
Some tunes start Hawaiian and get a brief country reprise, or vice versa.
Some tunes stick in one's memory, sometimes with remarkable persistence.
Tuned filters are often helpful in resolving any interference.
A tuner is a receiver
Tuners adjust the instrument so that it makes the correct pitch.
Tuners are electronic components.
Tuners are expert systems that can make intelligent and instant decisions to improve performance .
Tuners are expert systems that can make intelligent and instant decisions to improve performance.
Tuners are part of radios.
Tuners are part of tv.
Tuners are products.
Tuners are rock solid.
Tuners are skilled workers.
Tuners are standard ssd's and keep the bass in tune very nicely.
Tuners are the cheap kind.
Tuners are themselves channels, and automatically update themselves once a week.
Tuners are usually tombstones, although others can be requested.
Tuners do their job well.
Tuners first adjust the pitch of the A string.
Tuners have two basic functions.
Tuners install new versions of a channel's files while the current version is running.
Tuners seem durable and the neck is a rock.
Tuners use the same tempered tuning standard as pianos.
Tuners work great as do all the electronics.
Tuners work great for production cheapo's.
All tuners add noise.
All tuners distort the signal to some degree.
Most tuners have only one mode, a compromise between speed and accuracy.
Most tuners talk about thicker reeds when they are actually referring to stiffer reeds.
Most tuners work best when coupled to a relatively HIGH impedance wire.
Some tuners have only LED readouts.
Some tuners use a second set of LEDs to show the tuning.
Some tuners use punches of different size for different notes in the same pan.
Tungsten alloy competes with depleted uranium for use in kinetic energy penetrators.
Tungsten alloy is a dense metal that is more durable than nickel plated or brass.
Tungsten atoms evaporate from the hot filament and move toward the cooler wall of the bulb.
Tungsten barrels are machine-designed for better balance.
Tungsten bulbs are cheaper than quartz-halogen and they last longer.
Tungsten bulbs are the weak link in regular flashlights.
Tungsten carbide is a made up of chemically bonded tungsten and carbide.
Tungsten carbide is also a natural for drilling equipment.
Tungsten carbide is better, but diamond is best.
Tungsten carbide is chemical compounds.
Tungsten carbide is extremely hard and is used for making cutting tools and abrasives.
Tungsten carbide is impregnated to the inside surface of the tips for a secure grasp.
Tungsten carbide is interstitial carbide.
Tungsten carbide is of great importance to the metal-working, mining and petroleum industries.
Tungsten carbide is of great importance to the metal-working, mining, and petroleum industries.
Tungsten carbide is of great importance to the metalworking, mining, and petroleum industries.
Tungsten carbide is used in place of diamond for dies and as an abrasive.
Tungsten carbides are very hard and are used in cutting tools.
Tungsten connectors allow wires to be linked from layer to layer.
Tungsten eyeshadow gilds both lids.
Tungsten film exposed to daylight produces pictures that are blue overall.
Tungsten film exposed under daylight conditions produces cool, bluish tones.
Tungsten film is balanced for artificial lights.
Tungsten film is more expensive than daylight slide film.
Tungsten film is produced for scenes illuminated by a heated tungsten filament.
Tungsten lamps have a similar spectral distribution.
Tungsten lamps show just a colourful band of colour called the continuum.
Tungsten light is the preferred artificial light source.
Tungsten lighting is also available.
Tungsten lighting is less popular than electronic flash but some photographers prefer it.
Tungsten metal is largely unaffected by most acids.
Tungsten metal is used extensively for filaments for light bulbs and electronic tubes.
Tungsten mines are in the area.
Tungsten powder is the starting point for tungsten mill products, including wire.
Tungsten seals are available in nickel or cobalt binder.
Tungsten sources are too yellow, cool white fluorescents are too cool, grow lights are too red.
Tungsten steel is alloy steel
Tungsten steels are tough, hard, and very resistant to wear.
Tungsten trioxide can form intercalation compounds with alkali metals.
Tungsten weighting moves the center of gravity lower and further to the rear.
Tungsten has (part) atoms.
Tungsten has excellent corrosion resistance, and is attacked only slightly by most mineral acids.
Tungsten is metal
Tungsten isa metal.
Tungsten Takes Up The Running For Fully Listed Avocet Mining.
Many Tungusic languages are in danger, and the long-term future of the family is uncertain.
Tunic skirt is brown, with black at torso and short brown sleeves.
Tunic stamps are too faded to read but are from the same grouping.
Tunic tops are good at any size.
A tunic is a cloak
Tunic isa tissue.
Tunics are cloaks.
Tunics are membranes.
Tunics are robes.
Tunics are simple to make, and take little time or talent.
Tunics bear greetings in the Swahili language across the front.
Tunics have (part) corpi.
Tunics have a lower neckline than gowns and no sleeves.
Some tunics contain cellulose.
Some tunics have details.
Tunica County has no practicing veterinarians.
Tunica serosa is the outermost covering of the digestive tube.
A tunica is animal tissue
Tunica has everything a typical small town has, such as, grocery, bank, druggist, etc.
Tunica has nine major casinos in operation there.
Tunica is America's third most popular gambling destination.
Tunicate blood has features.
Tunicate blood has unusual features.
Tunicate blood is particularly interesting.
Most tunicate blood has features.
Most tunicate blood has unusual features.
Tunicate genomes evolve rapidly.
Tunicate growth includes metamorphosis which is very intriguing to observe.
Some tunicate larvae have notochords.
Tunicate tadpoles mature extremely quickly, in a matter of just a few hours.
A tunicate is a chordate
Tunicate isa animal.
Tunicate isa beast.
Tunicate isa creature.
Tunicates are a sessile or mobile organism.
Tunicates are also the only animals able to create cellulose .
Tunicates are animals.
Tunicates are chordates named for the colorful tunic-like covering the adults have.
Tunicates are chordates.
Tunicates are filter feeders that live in salt water.
Tunicates are filter feeders.
Tunicates are filter-feeding marine organisms with a very simple body plan.
Tunicates are hermaphroditic .
Tunicates are hermaphroditic, with ovary and testis usually maturing at the same time.
Tunicates are hermaphroditic.
Tunicates are highly invasive and can become a significant problem in short order.
Tunicates are named for the cloaklike tunics that support their saclike bodies.
Tunicates are named for their protective covering, known as a tunic.
Tunicates are plankton feeders.
Tunicates are protected by a tough covering called a tunic.
Tunicates are sea creatures encased by tough membranes, reminiscent of tunics.
Tunicates are served in seafood restaurants in Chile.
Tunicates are sessile, marine organisms.
Tunicates are small marine chordates that eat plankton they filter from the water.
Tunicates are very interesting small marine animals.
Tunicates are what are known as marine suspension feeders.
Tunicates can be very brightly colored.
Tunicates can form large colonies, or simply live by themselves.
Tunicates can reproduce asexually and sexually.
Tunicates catch meals.
Tunicates contain no lignin.
Tunicates differ strongly in appearance between the adult and larva.
Tunicates differ strongly in appearance between the adult and the larva.
Tunicates go through life.
Tunicates have (part) brains.
Tunicates have (part) cell membranes.
Tunicates have (part) cells.
Tunicates have (part) corpi.
Tunicates have (part) cytoplasm.
Tunicates have (part) ears.
Tunicates have (part) faces.
Tunicates have (part) heads.
Tunicates have (part) nuclei.
Tunicates have (part) plasma membranes.
Tunicates have (part) sections.
Tunicates have (part) skulls.
Tunicates have (part) vacuoles.
Tunicates have a highly developed blood-vascular system with a heart.
Tunicates have ability.
Tunicates have an average life span of one to three years.
Tunicates have an incurrent siphon and an excurrent siphon.
Tunicates have notochords.
Tunicates have predators.
Tunicates have testes.
Tunicates have the ability perform asexual as well as sexual reproduction.
Tunicates have the ability to perform asexual and sexual reproduction.
Tunicates have two prominent openings, one for drawing water in, one for expelling water.
Tunicates have unusual nuclear lamins with a large deletion in the carboxyterminal tail domain.
Tunicates occur throughout the world.
Tunicates possess characteristic features.
Tunicates possess features.
Tunicates trap plankton with a specialized mucus net that lies over the gill slits.
Tunicates undergo a radical metamorphosis to form a sessile adult with few chordate characteristics.
Tunicates sometimes form large colonies, where they all live together, very tightly.
All tunicates are hermaphroditic, and are often self-fertile.
All tunicates can perform sexual reproduction.
Most tunicates are hermaphrodites .
Most tunicates are hermaphrodites.
Most tunicates are hermaphroditic with separate gonads.
Most tunicates are sessile, barrel-shaped, filter feeding animals that live on the sea bottom.
Most tunicates are thought to live about one year as adults.
Most tunicates go through life.
Most tunicates have ability.
Most tunicates have notochords.
Most tunicates have predators.
Most tunicates have testes.
Most tunicates live about one year as adults.
Most tunicates possess characteristic features.
Most tunicates possess features.
Some tunicates exist in oceans.
Some tunicates have capability.
Some tunicates have characteristics.
Some tunicates have female organs.
Some tunicates have female reproductive organs.
Some tunicates have organs.
Some tunicates have pharynxs.
Some tunicates have reproductive organs.
Some tunicates have skin.
Some tunicates have types.
Some tunicates have wrinkle skin.
Some tunicates have yellowish skin.
Some tunicates lead a planktonic existence throughout their lives.
Some tunicates live in shallow water.
Some tunicates live in water.
Some tunicates pose problems.
Some tunicates pose same problems.
Some tunicates possess characteristics.
Some tunicates possess common characteristics.
Some tunicates use cilia.
Tuning are calibrations.
Tunisia is part of Africa.
Tunisia isa thing.
Tunisian airports offer significant storage and transit possibilities.
Tunisian banks are notoriously conservative in their lending practices.
Most Tunisian banks maintain a corresponding relationship with one or more U.S. banks.
Tunisian courts do grant visitation rights to the non-custodial parent.
Tunisian cuisine is delicious.
Tunisian dance is presented with water jugs and hip twists.
Tunisian government dismisses prominent human rights activist.
Tunisian law permits the export of foreign currency declared when entering Tunisia.
Tunisian law permits the prosecution of citizens for their conduct outside the country.
Tunisian law prohibits parties based on religion, race, language or region.
Tunisian law prohibits the existence of any political party based on race, religion, or language.
Tunisian law prohibits the export or import of Tunisian bank notes or coins.
Tunisian lawyers are at the mercy of the judge who has total power over how the hearing is run.
Tunisian meals are social events and the longer the better.
Tunisian sweets tend to be just that, often pastries based on nuts and honey.
Tunisian time is one hour ahead of Greenwich Mean Time in winter with no difference in summer.
Tunisian wine is a revelation.
Tunisian wines are a revelation.
Tunisian women have a solidarity stronger than most others.
Tunisian women work hard both inside and outside of the home.
Tunnel channels dissect the erosion surface and record channelization of earlier sheet flows.
Tunnel City is now Silicon Village.
Tunnel construction begins by excavating the ground.
Tunnel Creek is a natural trunnel gouged through limestone.
Some tunnel diodes have operations.
Tunnel hulls enable the boats to float on air as well as water while speeding down straightaways.
Tunnel vision becomes a thing of the past.
Tunnel vision can be a definite advantage on occasion.
Tunnel vision can be a major stumbling block in the revitalization of our churches.
Tunnel vision follows, and eventual total blindness is possible.
Tunnel vision is a deadly job-search disease worth avoiding.
Tunnel vision is a sign of hypoxia.
Tunnel vision is disability
Tunnel vision is often the reason parents act out at the game.
Tunnel vision is part of being suicidal.
Tunnel vision is the foundation of neurosis and is the opposite of awareness.
Tunnel vision is unnatural and fatiguing to the eyes.
Tunnel vision is visual impairment.
Tunnel vision occurs and, in some cases, double vision.
Tunnel vision sets in.
Tunnel warfare is just one the the many.
A tunnel is a passageway
Tunnel isa passageway.
Tunnels are a cure for constipation.
Tunnels are a great tactics and amazing, almost magical, places.
Tunnels are a wonderful past time, hours of fun.
Tunnels are adjacent to each dugout that lead to the team locker rooms.
Tunnels are also termed crevices, ravines or swim-theorhs.
Tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds, from soft sand to hard rock.
Tunnels are evident in root ball when plant is removed from pot.
Tunnels are evident in the fruit with holes showing outside.
Tunnels are far nicer.
Tunnels are irregular and crooked.
Tunnels are like that.
Tunnels are made by animals.
Tunnels are made by other animals.
Tunnels are much larger than carrot rust fly.
Tunnels are often just beneath the surface, leaving a raised ridge of mounded ground.
Tunnels are often just beneath the surface, leaving a raised ridge.
Tunnels are only practical for smaller canals.
Tunnels are only wide enough for the train itself and a train can come at anytime.
Tunnels are passageways.
Tunnels are underground structures that are critical parts of lifeline networks.
Tunnels are usually deeper in sandy soils than in clay soils.
Tunnels are well-lit and have mirrors at blind corners.
Tunnels can be road tunnels, rail tunnels, or water tunnels.
Tunnels can exist at several protocol layers.
Tunnels can go down as far as , and can extend laterally as much as .
Tunnels can run across the grain of the wood.
Tunnels come in many different varieties from fleece lined to straight tough fabric.
Tunnels connect chambers holding unknown devices and structures.
Tunnels connect the college residence to most buildings on campus.
Tunnels connect the extension to other state buildings.
Tunnels connect tunnels.
Tunnels define a security association between two hosts.
Tunnels disappear in the murky distance in two directions.
Tunnels enable VPNs to support multicast and non-IP traffic.
Tunnels especially can be an appropriate obstacle for a puppy, and maybe flat ramp work.
Tunnels have (part) readsides.
Tunnels have (part) sections.
Tunnels have (part) shafts.
Tunnels have rooms.
Tunnels have the problems as bridges.
Tunnels have water lifting stations.
Tunnels lead in every direction.
Tunnels lead north, northeast, and east.
Tunnels lead off into the blackness.
Tunnels lead out to the infantry positions which are narrow slits which overlook the dry moat.
Tunnels make a base easier and harder to defend at the same time.
Tunnels make setup procedures automatic, eliminating many administrative tasks.
Tunnels occupy hunt territory.
Tunnels occupy territory.
Tunnels provide a different answer to making internal machines addressable.
Tunnels provide entryways for pathogens that cause blackleg and bacterial soft rot.
Tunnels provide pathways.
Tunnels provide protection.
Tunnels provide terminal access below the runways.
Tunnels range from two to six feet in length.
Tunnels reach out like outstretched arms, connecting the various buildings.
Tunnels remain in places.
Tunnels remain one of the most popular scenery items for model railroads.
Tunnels tend to be deeper in drier soils.
Tunnels There are two types of tunnels.
Tunnels Watch out for tunnels ahead.
Many tunnels are just under the matted layer of organic debris.
Most tunnels are at least partly reinforced with concrete.
Most tunnels are made by animals.
Most tunnels are made by other animals.
Most tunnels connect tunnels.
Most tunnels have rooms.
Most tunnels occupy hunt territory.
Most tunnels occupy territory.
Most tunnels provide pathways.
Most tunnels provide protection.
Most tunnels remain in places.
Some tunnels are built for communication cables and some are built for electricity cables.
Some tunnels are near surfaces.
Some tunnels are simply pipes.
Some tunnels are used by prisoners to escape jail.
Some tunnels are used for cars, and others are used for trains.
Some tunnels have debris.
Some tunnels have problems.
Some tunnels have six levels and go all the way through the mountain.
Some tunnels improve aeration.
Some tunnels improve soil aeration.
Some tunnels lead to chambers.
Some tunnels lead to damage.
Some tunnels lead to erosion.
Some tunnels lead to nest chambers.
Some tunnels lead to sleep chambers.
Some tunnels lead to soil erosion.
Some tunnels provide habitats.
Some tunnels require modification.
Some tunnels run for miles, with a maze of side tunnels as well.
Tunneling protocols encapsulate data to handle addressing and improve the chances of delivery.
Tupelo honey is a highly prized and expensive honey with a very mild flavor.
Tupelo honey is a light golden amber color with a greenish cast.
Tupelo honey is more expensive than most honeys because it costs more to produce.
Tupelo honey is prized in the southern United States.
Tupelo honey is regarded as one of the finest honey's in the world.
A tupelo is gum
Tupelo has a low cost of living and cheap, nonunion labor.
Tupelo has pizza, pasta, ribs, burgers, fish, filet mignon, heck, it even has a chicken pot pie.
Tupelo has the worst nightlife.
Tupelo is a cosmopolitan city with many religious, social and moral customs.
Tupelo is a leading honey plant, producing tons of white or extra-light amber honey.
Tupelo is a wonderful American restaurant with a mean martini.
Tupelo is also about an hour away.
Tupelo is also rich in Chickasaw Indian history.
Tupelo is in the poorest county in the poorest state in the United States.
Tupelo is one of Mississippi's most interesting cities.
Tupelo is permeable.
Tupelo is sold in pre-cut kit projects ready to carve.
Tupelo lacks any natural durability.
Tupelo receives tremendous revenues through various taxes, bonds, grants, etc.
Tupelo remains the league's top scoring team.
Tupelo tends to be pretty strongly flavored for it's light color, and matures rather quickly.
Tupelo's a great team, and they did a good job defensively in the second and third periods.
Tupelos are plants.
Tupelos are trees.
Tupelos are wood.
Tupelo always offers creative fine dining in a casual atmosphere.
A tuppence is coin
Tuppence is given some money and asked to return the next day.
Turabian style is required.
Turabian style is to be used for all aspects of the paper.
Turangi land claims.
Turban squash is extremely susceptible.
Turban squash is winter squash
A turban is a clothing
Turban isa headdress.
Turbans are accessories.
Turbans are headdresses.
Turbans are much worn of an evening.
Turbans are part of the national dress in Afghanistan .
Turbans can be very large or quite modest depending upon region, culture, and religion.
Turbans can be very versatile head coverings.
Turbans come in a wide variety of colors.
Turbans have (part) sections.
Turbid fluid containing leukocytes and organisms is obtained on aspiration.
Turbid water decreases sunlight, which is essential for seagrass growth.
Turbid water has a cloudy or hazy appearance.
Turbid water is unsightly, unsuitable for swimming, and undesirable for boating.
Turbid water looks cloudy or muddy.
Turbid water prevents light penetration, thus affecting all plant and animal life.
Turbidity currents are among the most common kinds of density currents.
Turbidity currents are erosive and can form submarine canyons on the continental slope.
Turbidity currents are important agents of transport to the deep sea.
Turbidity currents are important to people because they damage equipment on the ocean floor.
Turbidity currents are submarine avalanches.
Turbidity currents bring sediments down the continental shelf.
Turbidity currents can even flow uphill but normally follow old channels on the continental slope.
Turbidity currents can happen at a range of scales and can travel fast or slow.
Turbidity currents flow because the sediment water mixture is denser than surrounding water.
Turbidity flows have the surprising ability to deposit silt and clay quickly in equal thicknesses.
Turbidity meters can be handheld and field-ready or intended for laboratory benchtop use.
A turbidity is quality
Turbidities are cloudinesses.
Turbidity affects the aesthetic quality of water.
Turbidity analyses on a dailv basis.
Turbidity blocks the sunlight that is so vital to aquatic life.
Turbidity can be an indicator of erosion, excessive nutrient loading and algal growth.
Turbidity caused by phytoplankton is usually highest in late summer - prime growing season.
Turbidity causes drinking water to be aesthetically objectionable.
Turbidity is basically a measure of how cloudy the water is.
Turbidity is cloudiness caused by sediment in suspension.
Turbidity is now a higher concern in stream samples.
Turbidity is when water gets churned up with silt.
Turbidity isa quality.
Turbidity poses big problems in Florida s surface waters.
Turbidity refers to how clear the water is.
Turbidity refers to minute particles suspended in the water.
Turbidity refers to the amount of suspended sediment within the water column.
Turbidity refers to the waters sediment levels.
Turbidity relates to the clarity of water.
Turbidity relates to the effect that suspended particles have on water clarity.
Turbidity serves as an indicator for the effectiveness of the water treatment process.
Turbidity threatens fish and other aquatic life.
Some turbidities indicate erosion.
Some turbidities lead to death.
Some turbidity can mean that there are harmful contaminants in the water.
A turbinate bone is a bone
Turbinate bones cause air to swirl and throw particles into the mucous.
A turbinate is a bone
Turbinates sit in three pairs in the nasal cavity.
Turbine blades are heavy but delicate.
Turbine blades are made stiff to prevent the blades from being pushed into the tower by high winds.
Turbine blades are of two basic types, blades and nozzles .
Turbine blades chew up fish headed to sea.
Turbine engines come in a variety of forms.
All turbine engines have an inlet to bring free stream air into the engine.
Turbine generators are large magnets inside metal rings that are wrapped with wires.
Turbine generators utilize the steam to generate electricity at high voltage.
Turbine manufacturers provide training courses for personnel.
A turbine is a rotary engine
Turbine comes with pool implementations for many of the most popular databases.
Turbine continues to provide additional content to the game, further enriching the users experience.
Turbine is a mechanical rotary component which produces work by action of the working fluid.
Turbine is now a fairly large codebase.
Turbine isa engine.
Turbine provides a framework for developing web applications - specifically the front end.
Turbines are driven by a fluid which acts as an intermediate energy carrier .
Turbines are driven by a fluid which acts as an intermediate energy carrier.
Turbines are engines.
Turbines are expensive to make, requiring precision manufacture and special quality materials.
Turbines are integral to the operation of hydroelectric dams, but they also can injure fish.
Turbines are mechanical devices.
Turbines are more appropriate for electricity generation and are usually more efficient.
Turbines are most effective in shallow water.
Turbines are now much more efficient, reliable and powerful.
Turbines are the most efficient way of converting heat into mechanical work.
Turbines are turbines.
Turbines can range in capacity from several kilowatts to several Megawatts.
Turbines catch the wind's energy with their propeller-like blades.
Turbines contain metal coils surrounded by magnets.
Turbines convert energy.
Turbines convert kinetic energy.
Turbines convert power.
Turbines convert wind energy.
Turbines crank out enough power to light Seattle.
Turbines drive electrical generators.
Turbines drive generators.
Turbines drive wind generators.
Turbines generate current.
Turbines generate electric current.
Turbines generate electricity.
Turbines generate energy.
Turbines generate power.
Turbines have (part) cylinder blocks.
Turbines have (part) engine blocks.
Turbines have (part) field magnets.
Turbines have (part) infrastructures.
Turbines have (part) piston chambers.
Turbines have (part) poppets.
Turbines have (part) power trains.
Turbines have (part) sections.
Turbines have (part) vanes.
Turbines have blades.
Turbines have brakes.
Turbines have fans.
Turbines have heads.
Turbines have limitations.
Turbines have output.
Turbines have power output.
Turbines have shafts.
Turbines have the ability to also extract energy from the stream of gases in a jet engine.
Turbines have the advantage of being relatively small and simple.
Turbines have to be built near gas pipelines with adequate capacity.
Turbines kill juvenile fish.
Turbines make electricity.
Turbines make energy.
Turbines make enough electricity.
Turbines make power.
Turbines move quickly in barrages, and marine animals can be caught in the blades.
Turbines produce electricity.
Turbines produce energy.
Turbines produce enough electricity.
Turbines produce power.
Turbines provide electricity.
Turbines provide enough electricity.
Turbines require assemblies.
Turbines show to best advantage in machines of large size.
Turbines therefore have to be built to very exacting industrial standards.
Turbines to generate electricity.
Turbines turn generators.
Turbines turn metal shafts.
Turbines turn shafts.
Turbines use wind.
All turbines are easy to maintain on-site.
Most turbines change directions as the wind changes.
Most turbines convert energy.
Most turbines convert kinetic energy.
Most turbines convert power.
Most turbines convert wind energy.
Most turbines drive electrical generators.
Most turbines drive generators.
Most turbines drive wind generators.
Most turbines generate current.
Most turbines generate electric current.
Most turbines generate electricity.
Most turbines generate energy.
Most turbines generate power.
Most turbines have brakes.
Most turbines have either two or three blades.
Most turbines have fans.
Most turbines have heads.
Most turbines have limitations.
Most turbines have output.
Most turbines have power output.
Most turbines make electricity.
Most turbines make energy.
Most turbines make enough electricity.
Most turbines make power.
Most turbines produce electricity.
Most turbines produce energy.
Most turbines produce enough electricity.
Most turbines produce power.
Most turbines provide electricity.
Most turbines provide enough electricity.
Most turbines require assemblies.
Most turbines turn generators.
Most turbines turn metal shafts.
Most turbines turn shafts.
Most turbines use wind.
Some turbines are turned by wind, some by water, some by steam.
Some turbines change energy.
Some turbines have load.
Some turbines have magnets.
Some turbines have water-cooled generators.
Some turbines involve conversions.
Some turbines involve energy conversions.
Some turbines reduce impact.
Some turbines spin electric generators.
Some turbines spin generators.
Turbocharged engine is lots of fun to drive.
Turbocharged engines are car engines.
Turbocharged engines are easier to regulate power.
Turbocharged engines are quieter.
Turbocharged models are available.
A turbojet engine is a jet engine
Turbojet engines are used on airplanes .
Turbojet engines are used on airplanes.
Turbojet engines have a gas compressor at the front that takes in air .
Turbojet engines have a gas compressor at the front that takes in air.
A turbojet is a jet
Turbojets are much better than fans for supersonic cruising, and singles have less supersonic drag.
A turbot is flounder
Turbot is a kind of expensive flatfish that is sold well in Europe market.
Turbot is a very high end, firm, white fleshed fish farm-raised in Chile.
Turbot is an outstanding fish, but somewhat expensive.
Turbot is correct and pure, but has little flavor.
Turbot is served with a potato crust, a zucchini mirepoix and tomato coulis.
Turbots are fish.
Turbots are flatfishs.
Turbots are flounder.
Turbots are part of turbots.
Turbotax software is used.
Turbulence models affect the way the flow behaves at very small scales.
Turbulence abroad mandates vigilance at home.
Turbulence affects larger scales primarily through fluxes.
Turbulence allows the system to learn to adapt.
Turbulence also affects the physical performance of a skimmer.
Turbulence also decreases performance at higher tip speed ratios.
Turbulence also increasesheat transfer between a fluid and a surface.
Turbulence can become quite severe and some aircraft have been damaged by turbulence.
Turbulence can cause difficult flight conditions at any time.
Turbulence can cause difficult landing conditions at both the airport and the harbor.
Turbulence can cause particle movement.
Turbulence can cause the pad fibers to break down.
Turbulence can help, but only to a point.
Turbulence can occur when the sky appears to be clear.
Turbulence can rapidly mix away film cooling protection on turbine airfoils.
Turbulence can release radon gas to the atmosphere, lowering the level found in the water.
Turbulence caused by such situations can lead to fumes being drawn into the room.
Turbulence causes another headache too.
Turbulence causes local changes in the refractive index of air.
Turbulence causes outside air to mix with the plume.
Turbulence causes some vibration of course, though a very high frequency one.
Turbulence consists of irregular fluid motions that vary greatly over time.
Turbulence cuts down on magnitude gain.
Turbulence decreases the possibility of using the energy in the wind effectively for a wind turbine.
Turbulence does something that changes the large-scale flow.
Turbulence does, however, increase the variation in the rate of climb from run to run.
Turbulence goes down, and that depth takes surface roiling right down.
Turbulence happens and much of it is unpredicted.
Turbulence is a fact of life.
Turbulence is a fixed condition built into the equipment design.
Turbulence is a key feature of many environmental flows.
Turbulence is a physical phenomenon occurring in most fluids, yet is still widely unsolved.
Turbulence is a physical phenomenon
Turbulence is a point of view.
Turbulence is a primary factor influencing the noise level of a fan.
Turbulence is a random swirling of water in all directions.
Turbulence is also a factor as pump impellers, etc.
Turbulence is always a distressing part of the flight for passengers.
Turbulence is an interesting thing.
Turbulence is an often overlooked factor.
Turbulence is associated with variations in density in the atmosphere.
Turbulence is assumed to be a property of the liquid phase.
Turbulence is atmospheric mixing and thermals are the primary mechanism of atmospheric mixing.
Turbulence is bad weather.
Turbulence is business.
Turbulence is caused by obstructions to the wind, such as nearby trees or buildings.
Turbulence is chaotic behavior and the swirling patterns change unpredictably.
Turbulence is clearly visible even with low flow velocities.
Turbulence is common close to the ground where wind speeds and air pressures fluctuate randomly.
Turbulence is disorder.
Turbulence is due to the friction caused by rocks and steps in the stream's channel.
Turbulence is flow characterized by recirculation, eddies , and apparent randomness .
Turbulence is in a way a vortex phenomenon, an incompressible phenomenon.
Turbulence is in the forecast until spring.
Turbulence is in the nature of business environments.
Turbulence is known to affect the performance of wind turbine blades.
Turbulence is observed.
Turbulence is only light.
Turbulence is physical phenomenons.
Turbulence is prominent in the first and third phases.
Turbulence is required to help disk material lose angular momentum so it can accrete onto the hole.
Turbulence is severe in the squall-line thunderstorms because of violent updrafts and downdrafts.
Turbulence is simulated using a single field-equation model.
Turbulence is the archenemy of wind power.
Turbulence is the equivalent of rocks on a highway.
Turbulence is the flow field that is characterized by eddy motion.
Turbulence is the irregular, random component of fluid motion.
Turbulence is the leading cause of in-flight injuries.
Turbulence is the leading cause of injuries in aircraft, outside of accidents.
Turbulence is the leading cause of injuries on airliners.
Turbulence is the most common aberration around.
Turbulence is the primary cause of nonfatal injuries to airline passengers and crew.
Turbulence is the problem.
Turbulence is the random, chaotic motion of air, caused by changes in air currents.
Turbulence is the reality of our times.
Turbulence is the term used to describe the movement or agitation of surrounding water.
Turbulence is treated as an ensemble of moving magnetic traps.
Turbulence is wasteful beyond words.
Turbulence is what happens when the wind gets bumpy.
Turbulence is when eddies begin to occur at all different scales.
Turbulence makes convective transport dominant.
Turbulence makes such cavities by clearing away material during convective motions.
Turbulence occurs also in biological contexts, e.g. in humans, animals and even some plants.
Turbulence occurs at all scales over which a system can be described as possessing fluid properties.
Turbulence occurs in many kinds of flows and is used in many processes for positive purposes.
Turbulence occurs in most engineering and environmental fluid flows.
Turbulence produced by rapidly moving columns of air also generates low-frequency sounds.
Turbulence produces pressure and drag, inhibiting the free motion possible in water.
Turbulence produces rapid mixing and transport of passive pollutants and particulate matters.
Turbulence provides another way in which electromagnetic energy from a radar can be back-scattered.
Turbulence represents bulk motions, independent of the mass of the atoms.
Turbulence spreads radially in global nonlinear gyrokinetic simulations.
Turbulence tends to increase with engine speed.
Most turbulence occurs with the frontal zones or zones of strong surface convergence.
Some turbulence is mild, but sometimes it's a horrible experience.
Turbulent air can be invisible to both the eye and radar.
Turbulent air cools better.
Turbulent air leads to increased drag.
Turbulent air lifted by the windward portions of the islands promotes cloud formation downwind.
Turbulent chaos allows self-regulation of human communities in a network of cooperative connections.
Turbulent combustion is three-dimensional.
Turbulent combustion plays a critical role in both transportation and energy production.
Turbulent convection is considered as an example of application of the basic equations.
Turbulent diffusion causes the pollutants to become more dispersed.
Turbulent diffusion is described with a two- equation turbulence model.
Turbulent diffusion is represented by one tensor, the same for both heat and composition.
Turbulent dissipation is the viscous conversion of mechanical energy to heat.
Turbulent eddies can transfer momentum over much of flow depth.
Turbulent fields can also develop in the plasma.
Turbulent flow can keep fragments in suspension longer than laminar flow.
Turbulent flow is an example of a chaotic, nonlinear function.
Turbulent flow is caused by channel topography and friction .
Turbulent flow is chaotic with instantaneous changes in both particle direction and velocity.
Turbulent flow is characterised by random fluctuations of speed and direction.
Turbulent flow is composed of coherent patches of swirling fluid called eddies.
Turbulent flow is flow
Turbulent flow is flow.
Turbulent flow is noisy.
Turbulent flow is random and chaotic.
Turbulent flow is simulated and buoyancy effects are taken into account.
Turbulent flow occurs at higher velocities and depths.
Turbulent flows are chaotic and very difficult to model correctly.
Turbulent flows are common in technology.
Turbulent flows are unsteady by definition.
Turbulent flows have high friction losses and reduce the pipes' operating life.
Turbulent flows have their limits .
Turbulent flows lead to higher profile drag coefficients on streamlined bodies than laminar flows.
Turbulent fluctuations occur over many frequencies.
Turbulent intensity can markedly affect feeding success and feeding behavior.
Turbulent jets have applications in such fields as propulsion, combustion and environmental flows.
Turbulent love follows.
Turbulent markets pose considerable risk to investors who have margin accounts.
Turbulent plasmas are the norm, yet to diagnose turbulence has proved difficult.
Turbulent plumes are jets driven by the force of buoyancy.
Turbulent regions can also form.
Turbulent situations require leadership and trust in that leadership.
Turbulent thrill ride through the human body.
Turbulent times create possibilities beyond today's most optimistic views.
Turbulent times require the ability to deal with change and uncertainty.
More turbulent times lay ahead.
Turbulent weather stirs up nutrients from the deep, attracting great shoals of fish.
A tureen is a dish
Tureens are use for soup and special bowls for salads.
Turf aeration is necessary if soil is heavy or compacted or thatch buildup is a problem.
Turf areas require more water than trees, shrubs, and groundcover.
Most turf areas receive one application in the fall and one application in the spring.
Turf aspirant has a tough challenge ahead.
Turf battles are one of Washington's favorite pastimes.
Turf battles arise between different schools and departments.
Turf battles can overshadow efforts to work on behalf of an entire city.
Turf burn is a thing of the past.
Turf care is the cultivation of sod.
Turf care is, of course, a nonstop headache on a practice tee.
Turf care means more than growing grass.
Turf farmers grow grass and sell it to developers for ready-made lawns.
Turf fertilizers range widely in price.
Turf field is behind school.
Turf field is to the right.
Turf grass becomes mud very quickly.
Turf grass is an especially strong competitor.
Turf grass is grass.
Turf grass is the best ground-cover choice for areas with heavy foot traffic.
Turf grass thrives on the same kind of soil found in gardens.
Turf grasses have a natural cycle which tolerates dry weather in the summer.
Turf grasses have the ability to store food in the form of carbohydrates.
Turf grasses lie flat after being walked on.
Turf grasses require more frequent watering and maintenance than most other landscape plants.
Turf grasses tend to be very good competitors when given a proper growing environment.
All turf grass prefers full sun.
Turf irrigation is critical for healthy grass.
Turf issues are common.
Turf issues exist everywhere.
Some turf loss occurs and algae begins to invade the moist surface where grass is thin.
Turf management begins even before the lawn is planted.
Turf management speaks to quality and durability.
Turf management speaks to quality, safety and durability.
Some turf managers prefer to seed in early spring when no tree leaves are present.
Some turf managers try to mask the green by fertilizing.
Turf nutrition plays an important role in the development of several common diseases.
Turf plants are plants that are used as yard coverings like grass.
Turf plugs planted on one foot centers are the most common means of establishment.
Turf professionals can supplement plants with foliar and radicular applications.
Turf professionals use the kind that discharges clippings to the front.
Turf quality is a visual assessment of the turf as a putting surface.
Turf quality is an overall visual rating of turf color, density, and texture.
Turf roots begin to grow in the thatch rather than in the soil.
Turf roots begin to grow in the thatch rather than the soil.
All turf seed sold in Kentucky is required to have been tested within nine months prior to sale.
Turf shoes are fine if they have more then twenty cleats and are determined safe by the referee.
Turf shoes clog in wet conditions.
Turf specialists favor a pre-mixed combination that can be applied with ease.
Turf tires are standard for great traction and a comfortable ride.
Turf toe is a condition in which the toes become tender and irritated when stubbed on the mat.
Turf toe is a painful jam or hyperextension of the big toe.
Turf toe is an irritation of the joint at the base of the first or big toe.
Turf toe sounds innocuous, but it can be serious.
Turf types are low growing and have poor yield.
Turf war is a struggle
Turf war is conflict.
Turf wars are likely to intensify rather then recede.
Turf wars are more pronounced .
Turf wars break out.
Turf wars erupt.
Most turf weeds belong to two principal categories - grasses and broadleaf plants.
Turf is a land
Turf is jurisdiction.
Turf is lands.
TURF is open to all departments and all colleges.
TURF relieves symptoms quickly, typically doubling the urinary flow within weeks.
Turfs are capable of trapping ambient sediment and kill corals by gradual encroachment.
Most turf responds well if fertilized every six to eight weeks.
Turgid cells provide mechanical support for plants.
A turgidity is wordiness
Turgidity is their life's work.
Turgidity is useful in drought studies and plant vigor studies.
Most turgor movements differ from typical growth movements in that they are reversible.
Turgor pressure is the pressure exerted against the cell wall by contents of the cell.
Turgor pressure is when a plant cell is very firm, which is the healthy state for the cell.
Turgor gives structural support to plants.
Turgor is a state
Turgor keeps petals and leaves extended into the air and prevents wilting.
Turgor plays an important role in the support of soft plant tissue.
Turken hens are interesting in that they have virtually no wattles or comb.
Turkey bacon tastes like stool.
Turkey basting is less effective with a spoon.
Turkey beaks can be dangerous to birds and people.
Turkey breast is a delicious, affordable alternative to chicken.
Turkey Breast is sliced and vacuum packaged into approximate one pound packages.
Turkey broods are present in refuge woods.
Turkey burgers are available, too, a rarity.
Turkey burgers take six minutes per side.
Turkey calls are sold commercially but perhaps the easiest for the novice to use is the box call.
Turkey calls are worse.
Turkey calls come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Turkey calls come in various types everything from turkey wing bones to customized snuff cans.
Turkey coffee is greatly preferable in flavor to that of the West Indies.
Turkey Creek flows across Fillmore County from west to east in the central part of the county.
Turkey Creek is a microcosm of the world.
Turkey Creek is offered as an alternative.
Turkey Creek is probably best known for migratory warblers.
Turkey decoys are a blessing and curse.
Turkey decoys are legal in Pennsylvania.
Turkey eggs are pale creamy tan with brown speckles, and twice as large as chicken eggs.
Turkey eggs are tan with brown specks and are larger than chicken eggs.
Turkey eggs are the size of two chicken eggs.
Turkey eggs are twice as big as chicken eggs.
Turkey exports continue to increase and follow many of the same patterns as broilers.
Turkey exports show sharp drop.
Turkey farmers supply quality meat raised responsibly and efficiently.
Turkey feathers are on one end.
Turkey feathers are second only to the eagle in spirit power.
Turkey feathers are wonderful for cleansing auras, the bowels, and the entire digestive tract.
Turkey feathers get their colors from pigments.
Turkey ham has very little fat compared to regular ham.
Turkey ham is another staple in the jail's kitchen.
Turkey ham is skinless, boneless turkey thigh meat that has been cured and smoked to taste like ham.
Turkey hams are available in large, boneless pieces or as cold cuts.
Turkey hens are on their nests laying and incubating.
Turkey hunts are also available.
Turkey hunts are never perfect.
Turkey hunts are two-day hunts.
Turkey hunters are a special breed.
Turkey hunters are worse to find than bow hunters.
Turkey hunters can help reverse the recent trend and make injury rates fall again.
Turkey hunters continue to have success.
Turkey hunters spend a great deal of time preparing for the turkey season.
Turkey hunters use decoys.
Most turkey hunters are deer hunters, and vice versa.
Most turkey hunters judge birds by weight and beard length.
Most turkey hunters use decoys.
Turkey hunting using archery tackle is the same as the zone.
All turkey hunting is on wild birds in their natural surroundings.
Turkey jerky is subject to rancidity, as are other smoked turkey products.
Turkey meat is a great low fat substitute.
Turkey meat is low in fat and high in protein, making it healthier than many other meats.
Turkey meat is politically correct.
Turkey muscle is even more prone to oxidative damage than broiler muscle.
Turkey necks are high in protein and calcium and low in fat.
Turkey numbers are currently low due to habitat loss caused by flooding.
Turkey oak is protected from fire near groves of sand live oak, which act as natural fire breaks.
Turkey oak is red oak
Turkey oaks lose their leaves in winter and tender new leaves emerge in early spring.
Turkey parts are available at the market.
Turkey pointers are the primary flight feather.
Turkey producers rely entirely on artificial insemination as the sole means of reproduction.
Most turkey producers agree that freezing affects the texture and taste of the meat.
Turkey production is unchanged from last month.
Turkey sandwiches are boring.
Turkey season is almost here.
Turkey season is notorious for having the most number of hunting accidents.
Turkey soup sets the stage for a great lunch, or it makes the meal.
Turkey stamp features a cobalt therapy machine.
Turkey strains are apathogenic to chickens.
Turkey tracks are the greatest indicator of a frequently used area.
Turkey trot is a ballroom dance
Turkey trots is a good description of the result.
A turkey vulture is a vulture
Turkey vulture are common during late summer and early fall.
Turkey vulture competes with condor for food.
Turkey vulture Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
Turkey vultures are a common species throughout their range.
Turkey vultures are able to stay within the thermals by flying in tight circles.
Turkey Vultures are affectionate and often make good pets.
Turkey vultures are also common seasonally.
Turkey vultures are an exception, with an excellent sense of smell.
Turkey vultures are birds.
Turkey vultures are carrion eaters.
Turkey Vultures are common overhead.
Turkey vultures are community birds.
Turkey Vultures are considered partial migrants.
Turkey Vultures are different from the other raptors.
Turkey vultures are easy to identify in flight.
Turkey Vultures are fairly easy to identify, even without binoculars.
Turkey vultures are important as scavengers.
Turkey Vultures are large dark birds with long, broad wings.
Turkey Vultures are large, dark brown birds with relatively small heads and tails.
Turkey Vultures are majestic but unsteady soarers.
Turkey vultures are monogamous and mate for life.
Turkey Vultures are more closely related to storks than to the other raptors.
Turkey vultures are named for wild turkeys because they both have bald, red heads.
Turkey Vultures are scavengers, eating nearly any carrion they find.
Turkey vultures are the official clean up squad.
Turkey Vultures are uncommon to rare in the drier portions of the Columbia Basin, even as migrants.
Turkey Vultures are unusual among birds in that they have a well-developed sense of smell.
Turkey vultures are usually secretive birds that don t like interacting with humans.
Turkey vultures are valuable for their disposal of rotting and disease-causing carrion.
Turkey Vultures are very useful to humans.
Turkey vultures are vultures.
Turkey vultures breed once yearly.
Turkey vultures develop warts in front of their eyes as they mature.
Turkey Vultures eat carrion, which they find largely by their excellent sense of smell.
Turkey vultures eat mainly carrion and almost never kill anything larger than a mouse.
Turkey vultures eat mainly carrion, they are scavengers.
Turkey vultures escape a lot of predation by being large birds.
Turkey vultures flap wings.
Turkey vultures get what looks like crusty gunk in front of their eyes.
Turkey vultures have a dark brown body with a red head and white-tipped bill.
Turkey vultures have a keen sense of smell.
Turkey vultures have an easier time finding carrion because they have an excellent sense of smell.
Turkey vultures have an extraordinary sense of smell.
Turkey vultures have bald heads.
Turkey vultures have broad wings.
Turkey vultures have dark brown bodies with a red head and white-tipped bill.
Turkey vultures have feet.
Turkey vultures have heads.
Turkey vultures have quality.
Turkey vultures have ranges.
Turkey vultures have red heads, trailing half of wings silver and wings are held in a V in flight.
Turkey vultures have senses.
Turkey vultures have sight.
Turkey vultures have wings.
Turkey vultures help identify natural gas leaks.
Turkey vultures help to rid the landscape of road kill and other carcasses.
Turkey vultures hover in waterside trees and spring peepers herald the changing season.
Turkey vultures lack the white head and tail of an adult eagle.
Turkey vultures live in the tree.
Turkey vultures locate carrion by smell, and black vultures by sight.
Turkey vultures locate carrion by smell, the smaller black vultures by sight.
Turkey vultures make a big count, too.
Turkey vultures move around a lot in order to find food.
Turkey vultures occupy a wide variety of habitats.
Turkey vultures occupy habitats.
Turkey vultures prefer their food to be as fresh as possible.
Turkey vultures range from southern Canada to South America.
Turkey vultures range over most of North and South America, and the Caribbean.
Turkey vultures ride the currents rising against the rocks.
Turkey vultures rock while in flight.
Turkey vultures sail lazily along, setting their course roughly by the margin of the hill.
Turkey vultures soar in the sky and American crows sweep up and down.
Turkey Vultures tend to congregate in small to large groups, for both roosting and feeding.
Turkey vultures track the stench of decaying flesh to ferret out the carrion they eat.
Turkey Vultures use anthropogenic thermals to extend their daily activity period.
Turkey vultures use current.
Turkey vultures use the mound as a roost site.
Most turkey vultures have broad wings.
Most turkey vultures have feet.
Most turkey vultures have heads.
Most turkey vultures have quality.
Most turkey vultures have ranges.
Most turkey vultures have senses.
Most turkey vultures have sight.
Most turkey vultures have wings.
Most turkey vultures occupy habitats.
Most turkey vultures use current.
Some turkey vultures become birds.
Some turkey vultures conserve energy.
Some turkey vultures eat animals.
Some turkey vultures eat small animals.
Some turkey vultures have calls.
Some turkey vultures migrate in flocks, while others join up en route south.
Turkey wheat becomes a standard variety.
A turkey is a poultry
Turkey adopts law to restrict Web content .
Turkey agrees to Austrian occupation of Danubian principalities until the end of the war.
Turkey agrees to demilitarize the island.
Turkey aims at setting up good relations with all neighbouring countries.
Turkey aims for pace and stability.
Turkey aims to gain total control of the borders.
Turkey alone has more Greek ruins than Greece and more Roman cities than Italy.
Turkey already runs the strongest economy in the region.
Turkey also comes in several varieties here.
Turkey also contains the Sea of Marmara in the northwest.
Turkey also expresses willingness to share intelligence on Afghanistan with the United States.
Turkey also faces a severe shortfall in generating capacity in the very near future.
Turkey also faces major economic problems, including severe inflation.
Turkey also has a relatively high accident rate.
Turkey also has a very fascinating recent history.
Turkey also has close connections with Albania.
Turkey also has two inland drainage basins.
Turkey also objects to the establishment of a federation with two sides and two communities.
Turkey also supports our efforts to bring peace to Bosnia.
Turkey also wants to have a strong role in the force.
Turkey analyzes the country's human rights practices.
Turkey announces closure of Dardanelles Straits to shipping.
Turkey are bad ones.
Turkey are liable for other criteria.
Turkey are yet to have a kick of World Cup finals action since.
Turkey attaches great importance to Georgia's independence and internal stability.
Turkey attaches special importance to developing relations with the Maghreb countries on all levels.
Turkey attributes importance to the independency, sovereignty and integrity of Lebanon.
Turkey bans Kurdish culture, language and place names.
Turkey Be sure the turkey is completely thawed before cooking.
Turkey believes that terrorism is a scourge of our age.
Turkey believes the best way to solve the problems is through talks.
Turkey belongs to Europe.
Turkey belongs to the Northern Mediterranean region.
Turkey bridges the cultures of Europe and the Middle East.
Turkey can act on many items.
Turkey can be a bridge between Europe and Eurasia . . .
Turkey can be quick, convenient and economical.
Turkey can counterbalance Russia in ways that America can never do.
Turkey can find prosperity and status as the go-between in trade and international relations.
Turkey can live without the profits from Caspian oil.
Turkey can take care of itself.
Turkey categorically rejects renegotiation of the Helsinki document.
Turkey comes next.
Turkey comes with a wire clip that holds legs together.
Turkey considers Greece a small regional problem.
Turkey constitutes the world's fastest-growing national market for gas.
Turkey contains less cholesterol.
Turkey contains less fat.
Turkey contains the amino acid tryptophan in spades.
Turkey contains thousands of works of art considered masterpieces.
Turkey continues to be a promising market in Europe.
Turkey continues to emphasize anti-money laundering efforts.
Turkey continues to make more homegrown spots of late.
Turkey continues to rank last with enrollment just under five percent.
Turkey cooks faster and reaches a bacteria-killing temperature more surely if left unstuffed.
Turkey currently has only one other private port capable of high speed discharge.
Turkey currently has the upper hand.
Turkey currently ranks seventh on the list of Iraq's trading partners.
Turkey cuts off exports from Iraqi oil pipeline through Turkish territory.
Turkey declares war on Russia.
Turkey denies any part in genocide and says the death count is inflated.
Turkey denies genocide accusations.
Turkey denies genocide took place.
Turkey denies that a genocide took place, and claims that a much smaller number died in a civil war.
Turkey denies that the event was genocide .
Turkey denies that the event was genocide.
Turkey denies that torture is systematic or widespread.
Turkey denies the claim.
Turkey denies there was any attempt to deliberately wipe out the Turkish-Armenian population.
Turkey deserves the tourist boom that is flooding the country.
Turkey detains illegal immigrants Links to more Europe stories are at the foot of the page.
Turkey does it.
Turkey does notcovet an inch of land from Greece.
Turkey eat berries, small fruit, nuts, seeds and insects.
Turkey eat vegetation in spring and summer as do rabbits .
Turkey encompasses both the European and the Asian dimensions.
Turkey ends capitulations.
Turkey enters the war.
Turkey expressly objects to the guarantee agreement being diluted.
Turkey faces a crisis today.
Turkey faces an increasing flow of narcotics, as production in Afghanistan burgeons.
Turkey favors a solution based on the mutual understanding and mutual contact of the both sides.
Turkey favors the latter, while the United States and all the other allies support the former.
Turkey gets away with it, but it is resented in much of the Muslim world.
Turkey gets control over Haifa, with the help of European fleets.
Turkey goes with anything, try to match the sweetness of the yams or cranberries.
Turkey has a footballing tradition that has been good and bad .
Turkey has a footballing tradition that has been good and bad.
Turkey has a free market economy and the people like it.
Turkey has a high population growth rate.
Turkey has a historical richness like few other countries.
Turkey has a large and dynamic market.
Turkey has a large potential as a transit country for the Caspian oil.
Turkey has a legal system which has been wholly integrated with the system of continental Europe.
Turkey has a long history of bloody repression stretching back to the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey has a long history of earthquakes.
Turkey has a low tax-rate but the advantage of a relatively large population.
Turkey has a magnificent past and is a land full of historic treasures.
Turkey has a magnificent past, and is a land full of historic treasures.
Turkey has a press that in many ways is as lively as any in Europe.
Turkey has a pretty large industry that manufactures almost anything.
Turkey has a rich cultural heritage.
Turkey has a several billion dollar debt.
Turkey has a slightly different taste, but it is good and generally costs less than hamburger.
Turkey has a tragic earthquake history.
Turkey has a variety of animal life.
Turkey has a very high rate of accident fatalities and injuries to pedestrians.
Turkey has a very high rate of accident fatalities.
Turkey has a well-established reputation as a state that abuses human rights.
Turkey has a wrong definition of terrorism.
Turkey has all the ingredients of a tourist paradise.
Turkey has among the worst human rights records on earth.
Turkey has among the worst human rights records on Earth.
Turkey has an active and open system made up of state-owned banks and private banks.
Turkey has an army of approximately one-half million.
Turkey has an interest in a buffer zone between itself and Russia.
Turkey has bitter experiences of such geniuses.
Turkey has difficulties.
Turkey has ethnic and religious ties to Azerbaijan.
Turkey has everything to gain by playing a stabilising role.
Turkey has good relations with the Israeli and the Palestinian parties alike and enjoys their trust.
Turkey has hideous human rights record.
Turkey has high levels of the amino acid tryptophan.
Turkey has ideal locations suitable to become trekking trails.
Turkey has in interesting background on mobile library services.
Turkey has international direct-dial telephones, telegraphs, telex, facsimile, and express mail.
Turkey has less total fat than other meats, including chicken.
Turkey has major public relations problems.
Turkey has many attractions.
Turkey has many beautiful historical places to offer to the world.
Turkey has many important new commercial opportunities.
Turkey has many of the characteristics of a market economy.
Turkey has many of the same virtues as chicken.
Turkey has many other problems.
Turkey has more protein per portion than chicken, beef or pork.
Turkey has much more climbing and in Japan lies somewhere in between.
Turkey has much potential for holiday or vacation.
Turkey has no diplomatic relations with Yerevan.
Turkey has no intellligence capabilities in East Africa.
Turkey has no intention of creating a Minority problem for Greece.
Turkey has no shortage of physicians.
Turkey has no territorial claims from Greece.
Turkey has no territories or colonies.
Turkey has no tropical forest, but nineteen Grade A wetlands according to international definition.
Turkey has one of the world's best preserved ruins in Ephesus.
Turkey has one of the worst records in the world for the use of torture.
Turkey has one of the worst records of human rights violations in the world.
Turkey has one.
Turkey has seven geographic regions.
Turkey has seven river basins.
Turkey has several large state owned conglomerates which are vertically integrated.
Turkey has the largest manufacturing base between Italy and India.
Turkey has the largest number of gum manufacturers.
Turkey has the largest soda factory in the Middle East.
Turkey has the lowest fat content of any other meat, including chicken.
Turkey has the shameful distinction of imprisoning more journalists than any country in the world.
Turkey has to decide on a solution.
Turkey has to take into consideration the evaluations made in Paris and other capitals.
Turkey has two major breweries that are both located in the European side of the country.
Turkey has unbelievable natural and historical beauties.
Turkey has yet to comply with the judgment.
Turkey has yet to start talks.
Turkey have a pattern in the spring much like deer.
Turkey holds Youth and Sports Day.
Turkey hopes to swing the deal at the last moment.
Turkey hosts the World Air Games.
Turkey initially is likely to waive most transit tariffs.
Turkey insists that the genocide never happened.
Turkey intends to join the queue later.
Turkey is a big exporter of laurel leaves.
Turkey is a big state.
Turkey is a blend onto itself.
Turkey is a blend unto itself.
Turkey is a bridge between cultures, continents, centuries and peoples.
Turkey is a bully.
Turkey is a capital exporting country in the region.
Turkey is a case in point.
Turkey is a charmer.
Turkey is a close ally of the United States and Israel.
Turkey is a close and valued ally of the United States.
Turkey is a constitutional state governed by the rule of law.
Turkey is a contra-guerrilla state.
Turkey is a country of origin of heroin seized in Egypt, France, Greece and the United States.
Turkey is a country rich with culture and is worth exploring.
Turkey is a country that has the potential of important transformation dynamics.
Turkey is a country that has undergone major transitions.
Turkey is a country that is passionate about politics, and it holds reasonably free elections.
Turkey is a country that two days ago promised human rights for all.
Turkey is a country where extraordinary style of governance is often applied.
Turkey is a crossroads of civilization, where East and West have met for centuries.
Turkey is a delicious choice any time of year.
Turkey is a democracy, but the current question is how it can be a better democracy.
Turkey is a democratic country and the West is democratic also.
Turkey is a democratic country, committed to seeking a peaceful solution to the Kurdish issue.
Turkey is a European country and our face is open to the west.
Turkey is a excellent choice for a relaxing holiday.
Turkey is a fantastic country, also for the beginning traveller.
Turkey is a fascinating destination that offers a memorable travel experience.
Turkey is a fascist state.
Turkey is a fast growing, populated area.
Turkey is a free market economy oriented to Western markets.
Turkey is a funnier word than loser.
Turkey is a good choice because it's leaner than most red meat and even chicken.
Turkey is a good example of that.
Turkey is a good friend and a trustworthy ally for Bulgaria.
Turkey is a good friend and ally of the United States.
Turkey is a great and leader country in the region.
Turkey is a great place for the budget traveler.
Turkey is a great place to visit with very friendly people.
Turkey is a great place.
Turkey is a great protein choice for swimmers.
Turkey is a great State.
Turkey is a holiday tradition for many families.
Turkey is a huge country.
Turkey is a key ally and plays an important role in the region.
Turkey is a key link in U.S. geopolitical strategy.
Turkey is a land bridge of communication between Europe in the West and Asia in the East.
Turkey is a land of crossroads.
Turkey is a land of many cultures, at the cross-road between Europe and Asia.
Turkey is a land of sun, sea, and history.
Turkey is a land of wonder and mystery.
Turkey is a land that offers many vacation attractions.
Turkey is a land with a huge archaeological heritage.
Turkey is a large country of sixty-five million people.
Turkey is a lawful state.
Turkey is a liberal country.
Turkey is a life size replica of a strutting tom.
Turkey is a likely choice.
Turkey is a low-slung dollar burner.
Turkey is a magnificent country with many treasures to explore.
Turkey is a market.
Turkey is a melting pot, like the States.
Turkey is a military, totalitarian regime masquerading as a democracy.
Turkey is a modern country with up to date medical facilities.
Turkey is a Muslim democratic country.
Turkey is a nutritious, low-fat food.
Turkey is a parliamentary democracy.
Turkey is a parliamentary representative democracy .
Turkey is a popular holiday dish.
Turkey is a power in the Eastern Mediterranean and the Black Sea basins and the Balkans.
Turkey is a predominantly Muslim country, where premarital sex is still scorned at.
Turkey is a primary source and conduit of heroin into Europe.
Turkey is a prime target for trade expansion.
Turkey is a producer.
Turkey is a rapidly growing emerging market at the junction of Europe and Asia.
Turkey is a repressive, brutal, Islamic regime, on a par with Indonesia.
Turkey is a republic .
Turkey is a republic.
Turkey is a safe country.
Turkey is a secular, parliamentary democracy.
Turkey is a society that have never known democracy.
Turkey is a society which has never known democracy.
Turkey is a teacher and student-driven network representing all provinces in Turkey.
Turkey is a textbook example of a terrorist state.
Turkey is a time bomb waiting to implode.
Turkey is a transit country where people from many countries try to migrate to Europe illegally.
Turkey is a treasure house of cultural and historic gems.
Turkey is a truly remarkable country with a unique combination of culture and beauty.
Turkey is a unitary state that brooks no claims for minority status by any group.
Turkey is a unitary state.
Turkey is a valued ally.
Turkey is a valued partner and a strong ally of the United States.
Turkey is a vast country and hence has a grandeur of scenery which is lacking in most of Europe.
Turkey is a very centralized country.
Turkey is a very interesting place.
Turkey is a world state.
Turkey is actually lower in fat and calories than chicken.
Turkey is also a bridge between Europe and the Middle East.
Turkey is also a candidate for membership, although is unlikely to be admitted any time soon.
Turkey is also a principle consumer of oil and gas from the region.
Turkey is also a promising natural gas market.
Turkey is also a republic, but it has often been run by army generals.
Turkey is also a strong supporter of the project.
Turkey is also an arena for Western politics in the Middle East.
Turkey is also an exception.
Turkey is also an important trading partner with the United States.
Turkey is also available in processed products such as cutlets, rolls, burgers, wieners or roasts.
Turkey is also concerned with the escalation of tension in Kosovo.
Turkey is also notorious for the institutionalized use of torture on prisoners of all kinds.
Turkey is also perfect for touring holidays, twin-centres, and of course, an idyllic gulet cruise.
Turkey is also rich in Christian history.
Turkey is also rich in wild animals and game birds.
Turkey is also the directing force behind the drug traffic into Europe.
Turkey is also the only democratic, secular and modern country among all other Muslim countries.
Turkey is also very high in fat.
Turkey is among a few, select countries that produce a surplus of crops.
Turkey is among the leading countries in textiles and ready to wear clothing production.
Turkey is an ally of Israel.
Turkey is an American vassal.
Turkey is an ancient country with many customs and traditions.
Turkey is an attractive market opportunity.
Turkey is an element of stability in an otherwise turbulent part of the world.
Turkey is an excellent choice.
Turkey is an exceptional country where prices are too high and people live in high inflation.
Turkey is an exemplary country for the Islamic world.
Turkey is an important ally and good friend of the United States.
Turkey is an important country at the vortex of a major regional area.
Turkey is an important market for U.S. farmers.
Turkey is an important regional power and it is continuing to move toward the Arab world.
Turkey is an important trading partner with considerable potential.
Turkey is an increasingly important partner in trade, investment, and energy.
Turkey is an independent country.
Turkey is an independent outlet, and Azerbaijan's ally.
Turkey is an Islamic country which has had a secular government for most of the twentieth century.
Turkey is an Islamic country.
Turkey is an occupied country.
Turkey is another meat choice gaining space on the grill.
Turkey is as popular as chicken, but highly seasonal.
Turkey is at a crossroads.
Turkey is at least bluntly honest.
Turkey is at the crossroads of a number of civilizations.
Turkey is at the other end of the spectrum.
Turkey is at the top concerning the violation of human rights.
Turkey is big for holidays in Italy .
Turkey is both a democracy and an important ally of the United States.
Turkey is by far the largest and most complex of the countries seeking membership.
Turkey is civilization's crossroads of culture.
Turkey is clearly a nation at a crossroads.
Turkey is committed to finding a negotiated solution to the problem.
Turkey is completely off the screen.
Turkey is considered a big game animail in both Tennessee as well as North Carolina.
Turkey is consistently one of the top two or three teams in the world.
Turkey is divided into political divisions by tiny dotted lines.
Turkey is done when drumsticks are easy to move up and down.
Turkey is done when drumsticks are easy to move.
Turkey is done when drumsticks move easily or twist out of joint.
Turkey is done when popcorn Blows ass off the bird.
Turkey is done whendrumsticks are easy to move up and down.
Turkey is done with drumsticks are easy to move up and down.
Turkey is equally appropriate for any celebration.
Turkey is especially interested in software and electronic warfare technology.
Turkey is especially rich in good quality clay and feldspar reserves.
Turkey is extremely sensitive to the calan issue.
Turkey is faced with the challenge of reconciling quantity with quality in higher education.
Turkey is fairly vulnerable to sustained international pressure on prison reform.
Turkey is famous for rugs, copperware, and ceramics.
Turkey is fine, but skip the skin.
Turkey is front and center.
Turkey is full of contrasts that present themselves constantly.
Turkey is full of high-quality protein, iron and zinc.
Turkey is geographically very close and a neighboring country to Greece.
Turkey is good.
Turkey is grrrrrreat.
Turkey is gud.
Turkey is happy with all sorts of white and red wines.
Turkey is heavily dependent on oil imports but there is a push to find new reserves at home.
Turkey is high in cholesterol, too.
Turkey is highly sensitive to accusations of genocide.
Turkey is home to Macedonia and Sweden hosts Moldova.
Turkey is home to the richest diversity of ancient cultures yet discovered on the planet.
Turkey is in a different position.
Turkey is in a position to cope with much bigger countries.
Turkey is in a unique position among the world's human rights violators.
Turkey is in an entirely new position today.
Turkey is in our midst.
Turkey is in the midst of a serious crisis of national identity.
Turkey is in the oven roasting.
Turkey is in the process of becoming a regional superpower.
Turkey is in the process of integrating itself into the capitalist system.
Turkey is in the top ten synthetic fiber producers.
Turkey is included in expansion process.
Turkey is inexpensive, easy to prepare and an ideal ingredient for light, delicious appetizers.
Turkey is just a tool for the elaboration of the USA plans.
Turkey is keen to participate in the establishment and operation of such a center.
Turkey is known as the place where Eastern and Western culture meet.
Turkey is known for providing the most protein punch for the caloric intake.
Turkey is largely dependent on imports for oil.
Turkey is like Israel with olive-oil, wine and guns plentiful everywhere.
Turkey is listed by mission experts as the largest unevangelised nation in the world.
Turkey is literally a young nation.
Turkey is located at a point where three continents, Asia, Africa and Europe come together.
Turkey is located between Europe and Asia.
Turkey is located in Southwestern Asia.
Turkey is low in cholesterol and fat, as are chicken and fish.
Turkey is low in fat and high in protein.
Turkey is made with fruit and that's all.
Turkey is modern.
Turkey is much more the focus of German diplomacy today.
Turkey is naturally low in fat and calories.
Turkey is neither a dwarf nor a giant in the region.
Turkey is no longer a 'model' state for Pakistan.
Turkey is no stranger to the coup d'etat.
Turkey is now a republic.
Turkey is now Georgia's principal trading partner, followed by Russia, Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan.
Turkey is now Macedonia's most important trading partner.
Turkey is of course at greatest risk throughout the year.
Turkey is officially a democracy.
Turkey is officially a secular state with a limited amount of religious freedom.
Turkey is officially a secular state with only a limited amount of religious freedom.
Turkey is on Eastern European time, seven hours ahead of New York.
Turkey is on the brink of an economic explosion.
Turkey is on the side of peace.
Turkey is one of the countries in the world that can make enough food to feed itself .
Turkey is one of the countries in the world that can make enough food to feed itself.
Turkey is one of the countries with the most rapid process of urbanization in the world.
Turkey is one of the few countries in the world having a favourable climate for hazelnut production.
Turkey is one of the largest countries in the Mediterranean in terms of size and population.
Turkey is one of the main exporters.
Turkey is one of the most diverse and fascinating countries of the world.
Turkey is one of the most exciting emerging markets in the world.
Turkey is one of the most outspoken proponents of lifting the oil embargo on Iraq.
Turkey is one of the most under-rated travel destinations.
Turkey is one of the most versatile of meats when it comes to wine.
Turkey is one of the U.S. government's largest aid recipients.
Turkey is one of the UK's ten priority emerging export markets.
Turkey is one of the world's leading producers of hazelnuts, raisins, dried fig and apricot.
Turkey is one of the world's major producers of chrome, and tourism is a major industry.
Turkey is one of the worst human rights violators in the world.
Turkey is one such country.
Turkey is our friend.
Turkey is our hero.
Turkey is our heros.
Turkey is prepared to fight, and to risk war, to prevent that happening.
Turkey is present but in fairly small numbers.
Turkey is probably the easiest country to play and Italy is perhaps the most difficult.
Turkey is proclaimed a republic.
Turkey is ranked as currently unsuitable.
Turkey is rated as high risk for investment.
Turkey is ready and willing to play a stronger role in economic affairs.
Turkey is ready now to intervene in any area.
Turkey is ready to cook when it is soft to the touch.
Turkey is ready to discuss all the issues, including the question of minorities.
Turkey is regarded as a country friendly to Japan.
Turkey is regarded as a potential market for natural gas.
Turkey is represented in the Middle East.
Turkey is rich in wild animals, insects and game birds.
Turkey is right to feel aggrieved by a fundamentally misconceived piece of legislation.
Turkey is roasted breast-side up, uncovered, in shallow roasting pan.
Turkey is roughly the size of the State of Texas.
Turkey is said to have one of the largest armed forces in the world.
Turkey is secular democracy.
Turkey is served cold as are all the other meats mentioned.
Turkey is so much more appealing.
Turkey is so versatile that it can be used in soups, sandwiches, casseroles, and salads.
Turkey is so versatile.
Turkey is specious.
Turkey is still a stumbling block.
Turkey is still an important producer in our days, but still better qualities come from Spain.
Turkey is still the largest non-EU steel producer in Europe.
Turkey is stuck in a deep rut.
Turkey is the base camp of the invasion.
Turkey is the best choice for meat.
Turkey is the best of both worlds.
Turkey is the biggest exporter of oregano herb and oil to the world markets.
Turkey is the center of world history.
Turkey is the country most out of kilter in stock performance terms.
Turkey is the country which is the most sensitive to the developments in northern Iraq.
Turkey is the country with the second most journalists in jail, after China.
Turkey is the country, mostly interested in Iraq.
Turkey is the European powerhouse in terms of textiles and garment manufacturing.
Turkey is the fourth largest purchaser of Russian gas.
Turkey is the key to stabilize the region.
Turkey is the latest emerging market to suffer through a financial crisis.
Turkey is the most developed african country.
Turkey is the most likely overland route for transporting such oil and gas to western markets.
Turkey is the obvious candidate.
Turkey is the one of the most important food exporters in the world.
Turkey is the only applicant with a long history of democracy and multiparty politics.
Turkey is the only country in the alliance in which the majority of the population is Muslim.
Turkey is the only country in the world has preserved all the different techniques.
Turkey is the only country that recognizes the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Turkey is the only country to recognize the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Turkey is the only country which recognizes the territory as an independent republic .
Turkey is the only country which recognizes the territory as an independent republic.
Turkey is the only Muslim nation to have concluded such agreements.
Turkey is the political organizing principle of the greater Middle East.
Turkey is the safest route for transporting Caspian Sea oil to the world market.
Turkey is the signatory to many international conventions on human rights.
Turkey is the site of some of the best-preserved relics of the ancient world.
Turkey is the sixth largest weapons buyer in the world.
Turkey is the third largest recipient of U.S. aid.
Turkey is the third largest recipient of U.S. military aid, after Israel and Egypt .
Turkey is the third largest recipient of U.S. military aid, after Israel and Egypt.
Turkey is the third-biggest recipient of U.S. military aid.
Turkey is the traditional center of holiday meals.
Turkey is the traditional dinner item.
Turkey is the world's only Muslim country with a secular democracy.
Turkey is to drag Syria into a fight while Israel reaps the fruits.
Turkey is traditionally the main course of the meal.
Turkey is Turkey.
Turkey is twice the size of . . .
Turkey is uneasy about it.
Turkey is very lucky to have a woman prime minister.
Turkey is very much dependent on Russian natural gas for example.
Turkey is very safe.
Turkey is very sensitive to claims of genocide against minority groups.
Turkey is very similar to that.
Turkey is war weary.
Turkey is well behind the Member States with regard to most health indicators.
Turkey is within the top five countries with the highest demand for gold in the world.
Turkey is yummie.
Turkey isa fowl.
Turkey joins Black Sea alliance.
Turkey knows many internal divisions.
Turkey knows the psychology of the Arab mind.
Turkey lies to the west of Iran.
Turkey likes to claim that it is a democratic government.
Turkey looks on dismayed.
Turkey maintains a very large military force on the island and both sides are already heavily armed.
Turkey maintains import restrictions on meat and livestock products to protect domestic producers.
Turkey makes any meal special.
Turkey makes good nutritional sense all year round.
Turkey makes significant improvements in their relations with Iran.
Turkey needs a booming economy to support a booming population.
Turkey needs bulldozers to dig for corpses.
Turkey needs economic and political security and stability.
Turkey needs Europe as much as much as Europe needs Turkey.
Turkey needs Europe, but Europe needs Turkey even more.
Turkey needs Europe.
Turkey needs to come on line each year, on average.
Turkey needs to cool for a half an hour after it comes out of the oven.
Turkey now faces challenges on many fronts at once.
Turkey now gets high-end U.S. weapons from Israel.
Turkey now has control over the water that Syria so desperately needs.
Turkey now has the status of official candidate.
Turkey occupies a very special place in the Middle East, due to our historical ties with the region.
Turkey offer the perfect example.
Turkey offers a rich past.
Turkey offers a sound demographic outlook.
Turkey offers a still better bargain with a greater proportion of meat to bone.
Turkey offers better value than chicken.
Turkey offers extraordinary diversity in terms of sight, scenery and activities.
Turkey offers good sailing winds and majestic coastal scenery, fjords and islands.
Turkey offers many possibilities to divers.
Turkey offers more nutritional benefits than other meats.
Turkey offers more protein per portion than chicken, beef or pork.
Turkey offers much, much more.
Turkey offers unlimited opportunities for sightseeing in an enjoyable and romantic environment.
Turkey officially denies it blocked such co-operation.
Turkey opens an embassy in Japan.
Turkey opens war on Russia. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Turkey opposes Greece's wish to take Aegean territorial issues to an international court.
Turkey opposes Russia's total domination over oil transportation.
Turkey orders the project to be suspended.
Turkey ought to be willing to sign on to such a course.
Turkey persistently refuses to acknowledge that it has a Kurdish problem.
Turkey plays a pivotal role in advancing U.S. policy goals in the Middle East, Europe, and Eurasia.
Turkey plays a very important role in that history.
Turkey plays the role of the bridge to the Islamic world.
Turkey possesses a rich cultural heritage which is currently underrepresented in mainstream America.
Turkey produces only a small amount of gas, and thus natural gas imports have increased rapidly.
Turkey provides a significant amount of protein as well as other nutrients.
Turkey provides a variety of nutrients.
Turkey provides high quality protein.
Turkey provides many essential nutrients to the body.
Turkey purchases major quantities of natural gas from Russia.
Turkey ranks third among European countries in terms of number of standards.
Turkey readily eat the red berries in the early fall.
Turkey really is part of Europe.
Turkey recognises the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Turkey recognizes the Republic of Macedonia with it's constitutional name.
Turkey refrains from any provocative acts today as in the past.
Turkey refuses adjudication.
Turkey refuses independence for Palestine.
Turkey regularly protests the publication of such maps.
Turkey rejects Russian ultimatum.
Turkey remains a problem for Iranian policy.
Turkey remains a strongly secular country in a region of growing religious conservatism.
Turkey remains neutral.
Turkey remains one of the major transit routes for the flow of Southwest Asian heroin to Europe.
Turkey remains the largest unreached nation in the world.
Turkey retains sovereignty rights over the Turkish Straits.
Turkey sandwiches on whole-wheat bread are better than hot dogs on white buns.
Turkey says the figure is grossly exaggerated.
Turkey seems to have a bad record too.
Turkey sees it as an emblem of resistance.
Turkey sells televisions to Japan and fashion accessories to New York.
Turkey sign a friendship treaty at Ankara.
Turkey spends millions of dollars each year lobbying to deny the genocide.
Turkey stands at the crossroads of the next century of history.
Turkey stands to lose any support or relations with the Arab world it once enjoyed.
Turkey starts building gas pipeline to Iran.
Turkey strongly denies the genocide charge.
Turkey struggles to coordnate relief for epic-level disaster.
Turkey suffers a serious image problem abroad.
Turkey supports Albania with supply only.
Turkey supports peaceful solutions to the two problems.
Turkey supports the territorial integrity of Iraq.
Turkey talk A fingertip guide to the spring hunting season.
Turkey tastes a lot better than salt pork and sea biscuits.
Turkey tends to be socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality.
Turkey threatens military action.
Turkey uses the loan in question to buy military equipment from U.S. companies.
Turkey vehemently denies any such co-operation.
Turkey wants the force to have a more influential yet more appropriate role to play in the region.
Turkey wants to avoid any potential injuries to civilians on the ground.
Turkey wants to move closer to Europe.
Turkey wishes to hold talks and find solutions to the problems through dialogue.
Turkeys adapt to environments.
Turkeys also are everywhere.
Turkeys also have a poor sense of smell but a keen sense of taste.
Turkeys also have caruncles, which are small protuberances of skin on the head and upper neck.
Turkeys also purr loudly when they're angry.
Turkeys also roam the area and provide challenging sport when in season.
Turkeys also seek out corn, wheat, oats, and other grains in agricultural fields.
Turkeys also seek out corn, wheat, oats, and other grains in farm fields.
Turkeys also seem to prefer trees that provide a lot of cover, like pines and cedars.
Turkeys are a challenging animal, and to take one is highly rewarding.
Turkeys are a popular game bird .
Turkeys are able to get around on the snow crust.
Turkeys are abundant.
Turkeys are active during the day, roosting in trees from sundown until sunrise.
Turkeys are also abundant.
Turkeys are also brighter in the wild than in captivity.
Turkeys are also plentiful and upland hunting for pheasants and bobwhite quail has always been good.
Turkeys are birds.
Turkeys are countries.
Turkeys are extremely sensitive to sudden movements.
Turkeys are fat.
Turkeys are flops.
Turkeys are food.
Turkeys are given less than three square feet of cage space.
Turkeys are gregarious and terrestrial, and are found in wooded country.
Turkeys are ground nesters.
Turkeys are highly social and become very distressed when isolated.
Turkeys are inseminated three times over the course of several weeks.
Turkeys are large birds that nest on the ground.
Turkeys are large birds, their nearest relatives being the pheasant and the guineafowl.
Turkeys are large birds.
Turkeys are like deer in that they ll take the easiest path available.
Turkeys are like other wildlife facing adversity in that they do what is necessary to survive.
Turkeys are loaded onto a conveyor belt.
Turkeys are located in fridges.
Turkeys are located in ovens.
Turkeys are located in refrigerators.
Turkeys are located on ground.
Turkeys are much harder.
Turkeys are much simpler to carve than armadillos.
Turkeys are native to the Americas.
Turkeys are no feather-brains.
Turkeys are non-native to all of California.
Turkeys are off the roost during daylight, compounding the hunt.
Turkeys are omnivores.
Turkeys are part of middle easts.
Turkeys are plenty on the shore.
Turkeys are polygamous with males displaying to attract several females for mating.
Turkeys are polygamous.
Turkeys are polygynous with males gathering and defending harems of five or more females.
Turkeys are possible and late summer offers opportunities for unusual post-breeding birds.
Turkeys are poultries.
Turkeys are precocial, meaning they can feed themselves when they are born.
Turkeys are present in every county.
Turkeys are probably the hardest to hunt.
Turkeys are roamers.
Turkeys are seasonal.
Turkeys are smaller than chickens.
Turkeys are smart.
Turkeys are supposedly the least intelligent of all domesticated creatures.
Turkeys are territorial birds.
Turkeys are the bird of the sun and their feathers are sought after by peyote pilgrims.
Turkeys are the largest upland game birds found in North America.
Turkeys are the only breed of poultry native to the Western Hemisphere.
Turkeys are very alert and continually move about while feeding.
Turkeys are very apt to pick at objects in their environment, including litter.
Turkeys are very social animals.
Turkeys are very vocal.
Turkeys are very wary and hard to bring in close enough to shoot with a bow.
Turkeys are wary birds.
Turkeys are wily birds.
Turkeys are wonderful birds.
Turkeys attract hunters.
Turkeys begin moving toward roost trees about two hours before dark.
Turkeys begin scratching out the tubers in the fall, after the tops have turned brown.
Turkeys belong to the wild animals, and are in the woods in flocks like partridges.
Turkeys cackle in a pen while dogs bark.
Turkeys can adapt to widely varying conditions.
Turkeys can and do gobble throughout the year.
Turkeys can be hard to fool and for every one taken by a hunter, many more elude detection.
Turkeys can drown if they look up when it is raining.
Turkeys can fly as well as run at fast speeds.
Turkeys can have a more difficult time scratching the tubers out of hard clay soil.
Turkeys can have heart attacks.
Turkeys can hear low-frequency and distant sounds better than humans.
Turkeys can see in color.
Turkeys can see movement almost a hundred yards away.
Turkeys can withstand cold weather, that much is known.
Turkeys consume a wide variety of foods.
Turkeys continue through the processing either as whole birds or in parts.
Turkeys continue through the system either as whole birds or parts.
Turkeys continue to be seen in flocks.
Turkeys cross farms.
Turkeys currently produce the fewest eggs of any poultry species.
Turkeys depend heavily upon foods produced in forest habitat during much of the year.
Turkeys depend on diets.
Turkeys eat a mixture of corn, wheat and soybeans that are ground up to look like granola.
Turkeys eat corn, rye, oats, alfalfa, soybeans, millet, and buckwheat.
Turkeys eat food.
Turkeys eat grasshoppers and other insects but they also eat berries and acorns.
Turkeys eat insects.
Turkeys eat many kinds of berries.
Turkeys eat nuts, seeds, berries, reptiles and invertebrates.
Turkeys eat rhizomes.
Turkeys feed by picking, scratching, clipping, stripping or ingesting food material whole.
Turkeys feed in fields.
Turkeys feed on insects and young plants in the spring and summer.
Turkeys fill a niche in the food world.
Turkeys flap upward on loud wings.
Turkeys flock together for protection from predators and to feed together on abundant food sources.
Turkeys fly to the ground at first light and feed until mid-morning.
Turkeys forage in fields.
Turkeys go gobble gobble .
Turkeys going to Washington and Texas go on commercial airlines out of Kansas City.
Turkeys graze in fields.
Turkeys graze through meadows lush.
Turkeys has-part beaks.
Turkeys has-part bones.
Turkeys has-part legs.
Turkeys has-part necks.
Turkeys has-part wings.
Turkeys have (part) air sacs.
Turkeys have (part) bird's feet.
Turkeys have (part) brains.
Turkeys have (part) breasts.
Turkeys have (part) cell membranes.
Turkeys have (part) cells.
Turkeys have (part) chest cavities.
Turkeys have (part) chests.
Turkeys have (part) corpi.
Turkeys have (part) cytoplasm.
Turkeys have (part) ears.
Turkeys have (part) faces.
Turkeys have (part) flight feathers.
Turkeys have (part) heads.
Turkeys have (part) lips.
Turkeys have (part) mouths.
Turkeys have (part) nuclei.
Turkeys have (part) plasma membranes.
Turkeys have (part) quill feathers.
Turkeys have (part) rib cages.
Turkeys have (part) second joints.
Turkeys have (part) sections.
Turkeys have (part) skulls.
Turkeys have (part) sterna.
Turkeys have (part) talons.
Turkeys have (part) vacuoles.
Turkeys have (part) wishbones.
Turkeys have a broad diet, including insects, berries, nuts, grain, and grass.
Turkeys have a highly developed social system and forage cooperatively to better elude predators.
Turkeys have a keen sense of hearing and can pinpoint sounds from as far as a mile away.
Turkeys have a long, red, fleshy area called a snood that grows from the forehead over the bill.
Turkeys have a pecking order that is maintained all year long.
Turkeys have a poor sense of smell, so hunters are well served by applying insect repellent.
Turkeys have a varied diet.
Turkeys have a zest for living and enjoying the day.
Turkeys have acute eyesight and detect the slightest movement.
Turkeys have an amazing variety of calls and they all mean something different.
Turkeys have arteries.
Turkeys have better eyesights.
Turkeys have color.
Turkeys have ears.
Turkeys have excellent eye sight and can spot movement quickly.
Turkeys have excellent eyesight and spot movement particularly well.
Turkeys have excellent hearing.
Turkeys have excellent vision and hearing.
Turkeys have exceptional hearing and eyesight.
Turkeys have eyesights.
Turkeys have great hearing, a poor sense of smell, but an excellent sense of taste.
Turkeys have great hearing, but no external ears.
Turkeys have heart attacks.
Turkeys have incredible eyesight.
Turkeys have legs.
Turkeys have many natural predators, most of which prey extensively on eggs and young poults.
Turkeys have more fat and cholesterol than many cuts of beef.
Turkeys have no fear of large, open areas.
Turkeys have problems.
Turkeys have quite a history in America.
Turkeys have quite a sophisticated array of calls and vocal sounds.
Turkeys have some curious features that stand out upon first glance.
Turkeys have strong thick feet.
Turkeys have the ability to know exactly where calls are coming from.
Turkeys have the highest densities in southwestern Wisconsin.
Turkeys have very good hearing and can see in color and tiny movement almost a hundred yards away.
Turkeys have vision.
Turkeys hear much better than humans.
Turkeys help the economy The dramatic growth in turkey business is good for the nation's economy.
Turkeys hide food.
Turkeys lay eggs.
Turkeys lay their eggs in ground nests.
Turkeys like to walk in the clear.
Turkeys live in areas.
Turkeys live in flocks.
Turkeys live in hilly woodlands in areas of ponderosa pines.
Turkeys love to be around people.
Turkeys love to be gently stroked, just like cats.
Turkeys love to eat the seeds in late summer.
Turkeys make a wide range of sounds.
Turkeys make cluck sound.
Turkeys make many sounds.
Turkeys make minimal nests.
Turkeys make sound.
Turkeys make that sound when they're just walking around, eating stuff.
Turkeys move at a pace that maximizes awareness while minimizing effort.
Turkeys move eyes.
Turkeys move legs.
Turkeys move wings.
Turkeys need diets.
Turkeys normally fly near or into a field.
Turkeys now live in states, such as Washington and Hawaii, where they never used to be.
Turkeys possess bodies.
Turkeys possess feathers.
Turkeys possess meat.
Turkeys prefer different habitats.
Turkeys prefer habitat that is a mix of large trees with grassy openings near water.
Turkeys prefer habitats.
Turkeys prefer open woodlands.
Turkeys prefer woodlands.
Turkeys prosper in a mix of forest and agricultural lands.
Turkeys prosper in a variety of habitats, from swamps in the South to dusty scrub in the West.
Turkeys putt when they're nervous.
Turkeys raise one brood of chicks per year.
Turkeys reach weight.
Turkeys readily eat seeds, berries, leaves, mollusks, buds, acorns, pine nuts, and arthropods.
Turkeys require diets.
Turkeys require food.
Turkeys require supplemental food.
Turkeys require water.
Turkeys resemble pheasants.
Turkeys respond to expert calling for a variety of reasons.
Turkeys return to the bottomland where pecan trees and a variety of oaks become overnight roosts.
Turkeys roam earth.
Turkeys roam ground.
Turkeys roam terrains.
Turkeys roost in pine plantations, mixed pine-hardwood stands, and bottomland hardwoods.
Turkeys roost in the trees at night.
Turkeys roost in trees at night, and so depend on woodlands for safety at night.
Turkeys roost on the hillsides, and bears wallow in the wet spots.
Turkeys run in flocks.
Turkeys seek food.
Turkeys seem to be most susceptible to Blackhead.
Turkeys seem to have survived the winter in our area.
Turkeys shed feathers.
Turkeys sit in forests.
Turkeys sit in habitats.
Turkeys sit on eggs.
Turkeys smell worse than chickens too.
Turkeys spend most of the time on the ground and often prefer to run to escape, rather than fly.
Turkeys stay in the pine forests all year.
Turkeys take advantage of what is seasonally abundant when foraging.
Turkeys talk the most during first hour of daylight.
Turkeys thrive in environments.
Turkeys thrive in regions.
Turkeys transmit sound.
Turkeys try to kill humans.
Turkeys use corn fields, bean fields and the like for fall and winter food sources.
Turkeys walk on legs.
Turkeys yelp when they wake from their roost.
Turkeys frequently cluck while feeding and moving around undisturbed.
Turkey often is taken as a country of origin for vast numbers of migrants into Europe.
Turkeys often interbreed and produce hybrids.
Turkeys often stick to ground covering, but they can fly when necessary.
Turkeys sometimes spend the night in trees.
All turkeys are both hormone and steroid free.
All turkeys are hormone and steroid free.
All turkeys fly.
All turkeys have different voices and no two turkeys sound the same.
All turkeys raised in B.C. live in large barns and are free-run.
Every turkey is a bird.
Many turkeys are in danger of regaining consciousness during bleeding out.
Many turkeys eat formulated feeds, which often contain the rendered remains of livestock.
Many turkeys have a timer button that pops up to show when it is done.
Many turkeys live here now, but most of the residents are long gone.
Many turkeys now come with charts for thawing.
Many turkeys receive pre-stun electric shocks.
Most turkeys adapt to environments.
Most turkeys are located on ground.
Most turkeys attract hunters.
Most turkeys come with cooking instructions, and recipes are available in almost any cookbook.
Most turkeys cross farms.
Most turkeys depend on diets.
Most turkeys eat food.
Most turkeys eat insects.
Most turkeys eat rhizomes.
Most turkeys feed in fields.
Most turkeys has-part beaks.
Most turkeys has-part bones.
Most turkeys has-part legs.
Most turkeys has-part necks.
Most turkeys has-part wings.
Most turkeys have better eyesights.
Most turkeys have color.
Most turkeys have eyesights.
Most turkeys have legs.
Most turkeys have problems.
Most turkeys have vision.
Most turkeys hide food.
Most turkeys lay eggs.
Most turkeys live in areas.
Most turkeys make cluck sound.
Most turkeys make sound.
Most turkeys move eyes.
Most turkeys move legs.
Most turkeys move wings.
Most turkeys possess bodies.
Most turkeys possess feathers.
Most turkeys possess meat.
Most turkeys prefer different habitats.
Most turkeys prefer habitats.
Most turkeys prefer open woodlands.
Most turkeys prefer woodlands.
Most turkeys reach weight.
Most turkeys require diets.
Most turkeys require food.
Most turkeys require supplemental food.
Most turkeys require water.
Most turkeys resemble pheasants.
Most turkeys seek food.
Most turkeys shed feathers.
Most turkeys sit in forests.
Most turkeys sit in habitats.
Most turkeys sit on eggs.
Most turkeys thrive in environments.
Most turkeys thrive in regions.
Most turkeys transmit sound.
Most turkeys walk on legs.
Some turkeys are inside freezers.
Some turkeys are known as toms.
Some turkeys are located on farms.
Some turkeys avoid people.
Some turkeys CAN fly.
Some turkeys collect food.
Some turkeys come from supermarkets.
Some turkeys cross boundaries.
Some turkeys cross fields.
Some turkeys cross roads.
Some turkeys cross tracks.
Some turkeys depend on grain.
Some turkeys depend on seeds.
Some turkeys die in counties.
Some turkeys eat acorns.
Some turkeys eat seeds.
Some turkeys enter fields.
Some turkeys escape from cages.
Some turkeys feed in habitats.
Some turkeys fly over ground.
Some turkeys has-part gizzards.
Some turkeys have chances.
Some turkeys have enemies.
Some turkeys have natural enemies.
Some turkeys have problems standing and fall and are trampled on.
Some turkeys have tails.
Some turkeys hear calls.
Some turkeys help economy.
Some turkeys live in cages.
Some turkeys live in counties.
Some turkeys live in districts.
Some turkeys live in fields.
Some turkeys live in forests.
Some turkeys live much longer, but most wild turkeys die young.
Some turkeys make eggs.
Some turkeys move glands.
Some turkeys possess bacteria.
Some turkeys prefer ground.
Some turkeys provide food.
Some turkeys require habitats.
Some turkeys seek corn.
Some turkeys select nest sites.
Some turkeys sit in fields.
Some turkeys sit in ground.
Some turkeys sit in pasture.
Some turkeys sit in regions.
Some turkeys sit in woodlands.
Some turkeys sit on limbs.
Some turkeys sit on nests.
Some turkeys thrive in habitats.
Some turkeys thrive in parks.
Some turkeys turn into dinner.
Turkey'sAegean shores are among the loveliest landscapes in the country.
Turkish airspace is closed.
Turkish army intends to militarize space .
Turkish associations are weak and generally show little interest in Turkish music and culture.
Turkish authorities conduct highly effective counter operations.
Turkish authorities dismiss the strategy as a ploy.
Turkish banks engage in core banking services, securities brokering and other businesses.
Turkish banks have another, important interest in Internet development.
Turkish baths are popular.
Most Turkish believers are men.
Turkish blades are of course acceptable.
Turkish carpet weaving is one of the oldest crafts in the world.
Turkish carpets are among the most sought after household items all over the world.
Turkish Carpets are famous for their beauty and durability.
Turkish carpets are of excellent quality and design and are rivalled only by Persian carpets.
Turkish carpets carry a wide range of symbols.
Turkish cinema is characterised by honesty, naturalism and dry humour.
Turkish citizens can enter Bosnia and stay up to three months without a visa.
Turkish citizens have various ethnic backgrounds.
All Turkish citizens are equal and enjoy the same rights and duties under the constitution.
Turkish coffee has six levels of sweetness ranging from very sweet to black.
Turkish coffee is brought to a boil three times.
Turkish coffee is coffee.
Turkish coffee is highlighted.
Turkish coffee is made from finely powdered beans brewed in a small pot.
Turkish coffee is made of finely pulverized roasted coffee beans.
Turkish coffee is served hot from a special coffee pot calleda cezve.
Turkish coffee is served in demitasses made of porcelain.
Turkish coffee is simple and romantic, the way it was first made.
Turkish coffee means super extra fine grinding.
Turkish coffee refers to a traditional method used to brew coffee.
Turkish coffee requires the finest grind.
Turkish companies are also competitive.
Turkish consumers can expect improved food products.
Turkish contractors are very active in Russia while Moscow is Turkey's main supplier of natural gas.
Turkish cuisine is considered to be among the best in the world.
Turkish cuisine is extremely rich.
Turkish cuisine is one of the best in the world.
Turkish cuisine is one of the richest in the world.
Turkish cuisine is similar to that of surrounding countries and is rich in vegetables and meat.
Turkish cuisine is sophisticated, unusually healthful and delicious.
Turkish cuisine provides quite a few options for morning meals.
Turkish culture offers a unique blend of European and Middle Eastern Cultures.
Turkish dancers sample Belgian waffles at the Festival of Nations.
Turkish database is now available, others are under construction.
Turkish delegations are in Teheran and Egypt.
Turkish democracy is a sham, and it is in reality under the control of the military junta.
Turkish democracy is alive and well.
Turkish desserts are sinfully sweet and have to be tasted to be believed.
Many Turkish dishes excel in twofold contrasts, between bitter and sweet and hot and cold.
Turkish divers have gills.
Turkish drivers drive offensively rather than defensively.
Turkish executioners pose in front of their victims.
Turkish experts insist that the Bosporus Straits are approaching their maximal capacity.
Turkish families go here for a day out.
Turkish firms expect to be rewarded for the loyalty of Turkey during the same.
Turkish food can be really spicy and hot.
Turkish food is a delightful mix of Eastern and Western influences.
Turkish food is excellent.
Turkish food is famous throughout the world.
Turkish food is known throughout the world.
Turkish food is reputedly one of the great cuisines of the world.
All Turkish food is prepared from fresh ingredients.
Turkish fury is aimed at a legislative initiative of the Armenian lobby in Washington.
Turkish girls are under more control in their families than Turkish boys.
Turkish government allows the opening of a Bible bookstore in a major city.
Turkish grammar is complex, but also quite regular.
Turkish habits die hard.
Turkish hospitality demands the offering of coffee or tea as part of the carpet-buying ritual.
Turkish hospitality is known all over the world.
Turkish hospitality is known for being genuine and warm.
Turkish immigrants comprise the largest minority in Germany.
Turkish influence can be subtle.
Turkish influence includes use of the oud, cumbus, and kanun.
Turkish kids have Dutch friends.
Turkish landscape is varied.
Turkish language is offered at all levels.
Turkish law prohibits printing in the Kurdish language.
Turkish law provides for a single-stage consumption tax on a very wide range of products.
Turkish law requires that at least one pharmacy be open in a neighborhood at all times.
Turkish lira are worth less than Monopoly money anyway.
Turkish lira is used as the local currency.
Turkish liras are currency.
Turkish men stop to light their cigarettes in an old Istanbul neighborhood.
Turkish mayor calls for peace.
Turkish mechanics are well trained in the repair of both Turkish and foreign cars.
Turkish mechanics are well trained repair of both Turkish and foreign-cars.
Turkish mobsters are to blame for the introduction of coca crops in the region.
Turkish money has the highest number of zeros in the world.
Turkish money is called liras or lire .
Turkish money is called liras or lire.
Turkish music arises from the melting pot of the Middle East.
Turkish music is a rich mix of powerful vocals and instrumental virtuosity.
Turkish music is written from the staff note G, second line on the treble clef.
Turkish offensive begins at Anzac.
Turkish officials deny any impropriety.
Turkish officials deny that they try to influence any of the selection processes.
Turkish officials have a complex interplay of issues to consider in formulating foreign policy.
Turkish officials reject any comparison between Kosovo and the southeastern Turkey.
Turkish officials say they are satisfied with Syria's actions and tensions have been diffused.
Turkish officials say they routinely hire American scholars as consultants.
Turkish officials see the withdrawal as a climb down by the Greeks and as a victory for Turkey.
Turkish officials shake their heads at the criticism.
Turkish opposition appears motivated more by political rather than military considerations.
Turkish origins are equally improbable.
Turkish parties have no grass roots.
Turkish people are ethnic groups.
Turkish people are open to new tastes.
Turkish people are the most gracious and generous hosts as a result of their natural instincts.
Turkish people are very interesting synthesis because they are part European and part Asian.
Turkish people are very inventive, creating new dances for different situations.
Turkish people have mass power and resistance for fight.
Turkish people love using technological gadgets.
Turkish people wave national flags from a car in Istanbul.
Turkish poetry is an excellent site in multiple languages for all lovers of poetry.
Turkish police seize protesters .
Turkish policy is unfortunately on a collision course with Europe.
Some Turkish politicians accuse critics of double standards.
Turkish prisons are in alarming conditions.
Turkish prisons house the most prisoners when the country's population is taken into account.
Turkish production is often shamelessly imitative of international hits.
Turkish railways offer a more leisurely mode of travel to a number of cities.
Turkish rhubarb is one such plant.
Turkish rugs appear frequently in the paintings of well known artists.
Turkish rugs are still rich in symbolism, with many recurring motifs.
Turkish rugs cover the floor.
Every Turkish schoolchild knows the ensuing events by heart.
Turkish soldiers are seen on the Asian side of Istanbul.
Turkish soldiers pose proudly with their Armenian victims.
Turkish soldiers use Kurdish women as a weapon.
Turkish speakers tend to use.
Many Turkish tales challenge the wits of both their characters and their audiences.
Turkish tea is served throughout the day.
Turkish troops arrive by sea.
Turkish troops cheer the declaration of war.
Turkish trucks come with huge containers strapped to their sides to pick up the gas.
Turkish trucks speed to Munich and Madrid, Moscow and Teheran and all points in between.
Turkish turbans are wonderful and attractive when baked whole.
Turkish volunteers clear the rubble from a destroyed house in Istanbul.
Turkish vowels are in two classes, front and back.
Turkish waters are also home to a large number of wrecks from recent times.
Turkish wines taste good and it cost pretty reasonable.
Turkmenistan gas can reach Turkey without passing through Russia.
Turkmenistan page lists links by subject.
Turkmenistan isa thing.
Turmeric paper is prepared by soaking unglazed white paper in the tincture and then drying.
Turmeric stains utensils and clothes badly.
A turmeric is a seasoning
Turmeric also has strong anti bacterial and anti fungal properties.
Turmeric also reduces the craving for sweet and fatty.
Turmeric also supports liver and gall bladder function by stimulating the flow of bile.
Turmeric can also help improve digestion and balance the flow of bile.
Turmeric can stain fabrics and other materials, so handle carefully.
Turmeric causes stains very easily.
Turmeric has antiseptic properties.
Turmeric has numerous medicinal virtues.
Turmeric helps to reduce pain and inflammation.
Turmeric is also a powerful antioxidant, and helps lowers serum cholesterol.
Turmeric is also anti-inflammatory to the mucous membranes.
Turmeric is also more widely used as a colourant for textiles and food products .
Turmeric is also more widely used as a colourant for textiles and food products.
Turmeric is both an adaptogen as well a bio-protectant.
Turmeric is considered as one of the best gift by nature to mankind.
Turmeric is extremely safe.
Turmeric is found in the spice section of supermarkets.
Turmeric is fragrant and has a bitter, somewhat sharp taste similar to ginger.
Turmeric is highly valuable for the influence it exerts on the digestive system and the liver.
Turmeric is marketed in fingers, bulbs, and splits.
Turmeric is quite effective for the treatment of fibromyalgia as well.
Turmeric is reported to have anti-fertility activity as observed with experimental animals.
Turmeric is rich in iron and is valuable in anemia.
Turmeric is smeared on the face as a symbol of prosperity and power over diseases.
Turmeric is splendid against skin diseases and neem leaves are used to guard against small pox.
Turmeric is stringent and sour the taste.
Turmeric is ubiquitous in Ayurvedic cooking.
Turmeric is very effective in the treatment of skin disease like ringworm and scabies.
Turmeric seems to be added for coloring.
Turmerics are herbs.
Turmerics are part of turmerics.
Turmerics are plants.
Turmerics are spices.
Turmeric'stherapeutic properties manifest as a carminative, antiflatulence and stomachic.
Turmoil can be a creative place.
Turmoil continues in Burundi.
Turmoil continues to rattle the world markets.
Turmoil creates opportunity for few but the masses suffer.
Turmoil is a constant.
Turmoil is always just around the corner, and the U.S. found it at home and abroad.
Turmoil is commotion
Turmoil threatens superjumbo orders Links to more Business stories are at the foot of the page.
Turmoil often results.
More turmoil is in store for the country as it seeks to find a way out of the present chaos.
More turmoil is likely in the coming year.
Turns of fate take many forms in the life of a museum.
A turn is a curve
Turn biscuits every few minutes, adding more butter to prevent sticking.
Turn cupcakes out onto a rack and cool completely.
Turn fills off and look for intersecting lines.
Turn rolls out of pan onto serving platter upon taking rolls from oven.
Turn rolls out onto racks to cool.
Turn steaks only one time while cooking.
Turns analog outputs into pretty graphs.
Turns are a breeze.
Turns are activities.
Turns are at the top and at the mark.
Turns are brisk and steep, with lot's of altitude loss.
Turns are concrete while the straight-aways are asphalt.
Turns are days.
Turns are development.
Turns are due about once every two weeks.
Turns are easy to fill out and orders are simple to remember.
Turns are especially nice, allowing the scarf to flow similar to a flag.
Turns are even more interesting.
Turns are favors.
Turns are hourly.
Turns are instant and crisp.
Turns are limited, and some inventory can sit on the shelf for a long time.
Turns are monthly.
Turns are more complicated.
Turns are much faster, and diving is quite a bit steeper.
Turns are necessary due to one way streets in Fort Lee.
Turns are no longer a mystery.
Turns are often sharp and linked together with no room to snow plow or herringbone.
Turns are one month long.
Turns are parts.
Turns are quick and tight and it handles turbulence well.
Turns are seasonal.
Turns are smooth and stable.
Turns are the key to modeling how conversation works, how conversation is organized.
Turns are tighter and look the same throughout the entire course of the run.
Turns are usually every two weeks.
Turns are walks.
Turns are wide, banked, and smooth as silk.
Turns are wonderful.
Turns call indicator lamp on or off for incoming call notification.
Turns can be powerful as well.
Turns coordinate themselves with natural beauty when a proper dihedral is present.
Turns depth cueing on or off while molecules are rotated.
Turns drive by traffic into buying prospects.
Turns feel different.
Turns flow on or off.
Turns handle to feed specified amount of cloth into machine.
Turns have to be planned well in advance.
Turns increase aircraft loading.
Turns logging of errors on or off, default is true.
Turns mark a change in price behavior or direction.
Turns menu display on and off.
Turns object compression in save file on or off.
Turns progress through a series of six phases where the men move first in turns then fire in turns.
Turns really show the individuality of a dancer.
Turns represent about half a month.
Turns represent one month of time.
Turns run every weekday night, so the action is fast and furious.
Turns run very quickly, and some battles take much less than that.
Turns soap a light tan color.
Turns soap a light vanilla color.
Turns soap a lite tan color.
Turns soap a tan color, and has the strongest of hold in soap.
Turns soap a vanilla pudding color.
Turns soap an off white color.
Turns spoon upside down to place in mouth causing food to fall off spoon.
Turns switch to heat frying tank to desired temperature.
Turns switch to regulate winding speed and film tension according to specifications.
Turns take place once per day.
Turns turtle right specific number of degrees.
Turns valve and directs flow of coolant or cutting oil over cutting area.
Turns valve and observes volume indicators to fill vat with specified volume of water.
Turns valve and starts agitator to heat and blend contents for specified period.
Turns valve handle to direct flow of coolant against tool and workpiece.
Turns valve on cylinder to discharge gas into building through hose.
Turns valve to activate pneumatic bow ejection device.
Turns valve to add solutions to coating vessel until required balance is achieved.
Turns valve to feed mixture into press to form briquettes.
Turns valve to increase or decrease air and gas supply into burners.
Turns valve to lower ram against mold that heats and cures mixture.
Turns valve to regulate pressure.
Turns valve to set burner at specified temperature.
Turns valve to start continuous flush of water into tub to wash foreign materials from stock.
Turns valve to start paint flowing to spray gun and directs spray over surface of glass.
Turns valve to transfer acid solution from still to machine.
Turns valve to transfer solutions to drum during specified processing cycles.
Turns view back to regular view.
All turn opposites with both hands.
All turns are to the right.
All turns are well signposted.
Every turn brings another flash of whimsy, a sparkle of delight, without ryhme or reason.
Every turn brings new views.
Every turn brings something new.
Every turn has a deadline and a grace period.
Every turn is for a higher high.
Every turn is fraught with hazards and unseen opportunities to make the wrong decision.
Every turn is one they never made before.
Every turn lists the command points available.
Every turn looks exactly the same as the one before it.
Every turn offers a new breathtaking vista.
Every turn offers confusing choices of agencies, providers and clinics.
Every turn presents the author with disgust and horror.
Every turn reveals another prime holding spot for rainbow and German brown trout.
Every turn reveals surprises and examples of Old World craftmanship.
Many turns require the follower to turn in place.
More turns are usually better.
More turns make finer cuts.
Most turns involve only a single mouse click.
Turnaround time averages seven working days.
Turnaround time averages ten days to two weeks.
Turnaround time can be a short as one week.
Turnaround time can be as short as one day or as long as a couple weeks.
Turnaround time can be much longer for rare items or problematic requests.
Turnaround time can be too lengthy to lose sales and cause customer dissatisfaction.
Turnaround time can be very slow.
Turnaround time deals mostly with batch processes.
Turnaround time decreases.
Turnaround time depends entirely on the document.
Turnaround time depends on if it's a dayhike or overnight.
Turnaround time depends on job quantity.
Turnaround time depends on meeting a minimum order.
Turnaround time depends on method of delivery and other conditions.
Turnaround time depends on repair volume and the specific repair.
Turnaround time depends on the complexity of the repair and the availability of parts.
Turnaround time depends on the current workload.
Turnaround time depends on the delivery method requested.
Turnaround time depends on their availability.
Turnaround time depends on transaction structure.
Turnaround time depends upon the availability of the item and the cooperation of other libraries.
Turnaround time depends upon the quantity of prints in the edition.
Turnaround time fluctuates depending on volume and increases as the deadline approaches.
Turnaround time is a little slower.
Turnaround time is about a week to ten days.
Turnaround time is about one month.
Turnaround time is about two weeks.
Turnaround time is also a factor.
Turnaround time is approximately four to six weeks, depending on demand.
Turnaround time is approximately one week.
Turnaround time is approximately three working days.
Turnaround time is approximately two weeks.
Turnaround time is based on current workload.
Turnaround time is based on time document is submitted to the print cue by the customer.
Turnaround time is based on type of project.
Turnaround time is currently within seven days.
Turnaround time is dependent on component availability.
Turnaround time is dependent on the current workload.
Turnaround time is determined by the nature of the problem.
Turnaround time is difficult to generalize.
Turnaround time is easily a week.
Turnaround time is facilitated by having all manufacturing and assembly under one roof.
Turnaround time is fast and rates are very reasonable.
Turnaround time is fast.
Turnaround time is four to six weeks.
Turnaround time is from one to seven days.
Turnaround time is from one to three days in most cases.
Turnaround time is generally about three working days.
Turnaround time is generally by return mail.
Turnaround time is generally four to fourteen days.
Turnaround time is generally only a few days.
Turnaround time is generally three to four weeks.
Turnaround time is generally within two days.
Turnaround time is great - most questions are answered within one week.
Turnaround time is immediate.
Turnaround time is important if a business is choosing whether to build or use an existing building.
Turnaround time is increased by method of shipment, and web-delivery is encouraged.
Turnaround time is measured in minutes or hours, instead of days.
Turnaround time is minimized.
Turnaround time is much faster.
Turnaround time is no later than five days after inspection.
Turnaround time is normally within three to five days.
Turnaround time is one month.
Turnaround time is one week.
Turnaround time is one working day.
Turnaround time is only a few days.
Turnaround time is quick.
Turnaround time is rapid and tailored to suit the client's needs.
Turnaround time is rapid and tailored to suit the individual's needs.
Turnaround time is seven to ten working days at our facility.
Turnaround time is short.
Turnaround time is similar to other prototyping methods.
Turnaround time is six to eight weeks.
Turnaround time is the amount of time between writing game code and testing it.
Turnaround time is the day the test materials are received.
Turnaround time is three to five weeks.
Turnaround time is three to four business days.
Turnaround time is two business days to receive the article or a status report.
Turnaround time is two business days.
Turnaround time is two days.
Turnaround time is two hours.
Turnaround time is two weekdays.
Turnaround time is two weeks.
Turnaround time is typically one to two days.
Turnaround time is usually between two to three weeks.
Turnaround time is usually one or two working days, and there are no charges.
Turnaround time is usually one to two weeks.
Turnaround time is usually six days.
Turnaround time is usually the next day.
Turnaround time is usually two to three days.
Turnaround time is usually within two business days, depending on volume of request.
Turnaround time is within three weeks for a run of the mill peptide.
Turnaround time is work time
Turnaround time needs to be improved.
Turnaround time reports for all anatomic pathology sections.
Turnaround time seems too slow.
Turnaround time varies according to the end product requested.
Turnaround time varies according to the item, the lending library, and the time of year.
Turnaround time varies by state.
Turnaround time varies depending on load and the nature of the problem.
Turnaround time varies depending on submissions received.
Turnaround time varies depending on the volume of work at the time of recording.
Turnaround time varies depending upon the complexity of the job and our production schedule load.
Turnaround time varies depending upon the lending library and the materials requested.
Turnaround time varies depending upon the lending library.
Turnaround time varies depending upon the outside vendors' current workload.
Turnaround time varies from job to job.
Turnaround time varies from one lending insitution to another.
Turnaround time varies from several days to several months, depending on the search engine.
Turnaround time varies widely with the lending library.
Turnaround time varies with choice of output.
Turnaround time varies with demand.
Turnaround time varies, but on most searches it's from one to three business days.
Turnaround time varies, depending on the time of year, but averages seven to ten days.
Turnaround time varies.
Turnaround times are an absolute priority.
Turnaround times are contingent upon the artist current workload.
Turnaround times are normally very quick.
Turnaround times are rapid, and researchers are rapidly provided with their sequence data via email.
Turnaround times are typically just a few business days.
Turnaround times are very fast and the prices are cost effective.
Turnaround times begin when the proof is approved.
Turnaround times can be inconsistent.
Turnaround times depend on job quality.
Turnaround times depend on job quantity .
Turnaround times depend on job quantity.
Turnaround times depend on job.
Turnaround times depend on the length and the complexity of the document.
Turnaround times maintains VERY little in stock.
Turnaround times range from two to three weeks, with three weeks being the norm.
Turnaround times vary and urgent requests can be accommodated.
Turnaround times vary based on the complexity of the job and other work in progress.
Turnaround times vary depending on our backlog.
Turnaround times vary depending on the product ordered and the time of year.
Turnaround times vary depending on the repair.
Turnaround times vary for different services.
Turnaround times vary state to state.
Turnaround times vary with the amount of time required to make the various test determinations.
Turnaround times vary, but is generally one week.
All turnaround times are subject to availability.
Turnaround becomes a Raptor reseller .
Turnaround can be lenghty and costly for reproductions.
Turnaround can be many hours or many days.
Turnaround can be quick depending on the problem.
Turnaround is a bit longer on orders by mail.
Turnaround is a couple days.
Turnaround is a process
Turnaround is areas.
Turnaround is critical to all of our clients.
Turnaround is declared to be two or three days with no loaners in the interim.
Turnaround is dependent on the length of the job and is scheduled on a first in first out basis.
Turnaround is extremely quick.
Turnaround is FAST .
Turnaround is fast.
Turnaround is for school buses and emergency vehicles only.
Turnaround is four to six weeks.
Turnaround is normally two weeks.
Turnaround is one of the most critical issues faced by our clients.
Turnaround is only a few days and prices are very reasonable.
Turnaround is part of driveways.
Turnaround is part of roads.
Turnaround is preparation.
Turnaround is slow by comparison.
Turnaround is tight.
Turnaround is two days from receipt of master tape.
Turnaround is usually a week to two weeks, depending on the schedule of our photographer.
Turnaround is usually less than thirty days.
Turnaround is usually two weeks.
Turnaround is work time.
Turnaround is, minimally, one work day.
Turnaround varies depending on the size of the job.
Turnaround varies with demand.
Turnarounds are exceptionally fast and merchandise is represented accurately and at fair prices.
Turnarounds are more than just a quarter away from being done.
Turnarounds are our specialty.
Turnarounds are quite familiar during changes from the chorus to the verse in any jazz setting.
Turnarounds get tighter.
Turnbuckle screws allow adjustment of the lengths.
A turnbuckle is a coupler
Turnbuckles enable careful adjustment of the rods.
Turnbuckles facilitate later adjustment due to guy stretching, etc.
Turndown service includes thick Turkish velour bathrobes with slippers on bedside linen footmats.
Turndown service is offered at night.
Turndown service is provided nightly.
Turner Beach opens two-hours prior to game time and is open to all fans.
Turner syndrome is a chromosomal condition causing short stature and infertility in women and girls.
Turner syndrome is a chromosomal condition that exclusively affects girls and women.
Turner syndrome is a genetic disorder that results from an abnormality of a chromosome.
Turner syndrome is a rare disease that only affects females.
Turner syndrome is equally interesting.
Turner syndrome is rare.
Turner syndrome is seen only in females.
Turner syndromes are diseases.
A turner is a skilled worker
Turners are cooking utensils.
Turners are people.
Turners are skilled workers.
Turners are tumblers.
Turners syndrome patients lack tight junctions between uterine epithelial cells.
Turners use tools right from the grinder, without a lot of honing or stropping.
Some turners have holes or slots to allow liquids or fats to drain off the item being lifted.
Turners syndrome is what the nurse said.
Turning are formations.
Turning are movement.
Turnings are graceful and unadorned with free-flowing, rounded lines and no sharp demarcations.
Turnings are usually long and tangly.
Every turning brings another delightful set-piece composition.
A turnip is a herb
Turnip isa herb.
Turnips also go especially well with cream, butter, lemon, nutmeg, garlic, thyme, or parsley.
Turnips also prove extremely useful in edgeguarding.
Turnips also require a moderately fertile soil and adequate moisture to grow large, fleshy roots.
Turnips are a biennial plant, taking two years from germination to reproduction.
Turnips are a cool-season annual that are extremely high in protein and highly digestible to deer.
Turnips are a good source of potassium.
Turnips are a good winter cover crop for the garden.
Turnips are a root vegetable known for their bitter flavor.
Turnips are also a fair source of potassium and folic acid.
Turnips are also yummy.
Turnips are an excellant source of vitamin C and a good source of dietry fibre.
Turnips are an important root crop throughout the world's temperate zones.
Turnips are biennial plants, which means that their life cycle takes two years.
Turnips are Brassica rapa and rutabagas are Brassica napobrassica.
Turnips are cruciferous vegetables.
Turnips are cruciferous vegetables.
Turnips are easy to grow and can be used for the root, top, or both.
Turnips are easy to grow.
Turnips are eaten as a vegetable after cooking.
Turnips are exceedingly high in chlorophyll and folic acid.
Turnips are good for joint pain.
Turnips are good for soups and stocks and the white spring turnips taste the best.
Turnips are good in soups and stews.
Turnips are good, but they are best mixed with chestnuts.
Turnips are great mashed, especially when blended in equal parts with potatoes or sweet potatoes.
Turnips are high in chlorohyll and folic acid.
Turnips are just one example of the brassica family that include turnips, rape, kale, and swedes.
Turnips are located in refrigerators.
Turnips are low in calories and hence, can form part of an effective weight loss program.
Turnips are often more appropriate.
Turnips are popular, nutritious root vegetables.
Turnips are root vegetables.
Turnips are singularly broad-minded.
Turnips are some of the most versatile projectiles in the game.
Turnips are the edible root of several herbs of the mustard family.
Turnips are the most commonly grown of the forage brassicas.
Turnips are usually direct seeded and can be sown as soon as the soil is workable in the Spring.
Turnips are usually white-fleshed with white or white and purple skin.
Turnips are vegetables.
Turnips are, generally, white at the bottom with a light purple blush on the top.
Turnips boost intake.
Turnips can be hard to find at times.
Turnips can range from predominately leaf to root varieties.
Turnips contain beneficial vitamins.
Turnips contain carbohydrates.
Turnips contain vitamins.
Turnips develop flowers.
Turnips get tough and bitter if left in the ground too long.
Turnips grow best in a temperate climate but can endure light frost.
Turnips grow best in cooler, northern climates or as a fall crop in warmer locations.
Turnips grow in areas.
Turnips have (part) cell membranes.
Turnips have (part) cells.
Turnips have (part) corpi.
Turnips have (part) cytoplasm.
Turnips have (part) nuclei.
Turnips have (part) plasma membranes.
Turnips have (part) sections.
Turnips have (part) vacuoles.
Turnips have flavor.
Turnips have shallow feeder roots.
Turnips have sweet taste.
Turnips have taste.
Turnips lose a lot of their bitterness that way.
Turnips make a nice winter cover crop for the garden.
Turnips produce leafy stems.
Turnips produce roots.
Turnips produce stems.
Turnips provide energy.
Turnips provide nutrients.
Turnips really are rather sweet, as vegetables go.
Turnips really do vary quite a bit.
Turnips tend to be smaller with white flesh.
Turnips thrive in cool temperature.
Turnips thrive in temperature.
Turnips turn green when they become sunburnt.
Turnips vary in size and water content, so the amounts they feed vary greatly.
All turnips have a snowy white flesh.
Most turnips are white-fleshed and have rough, hairy leaves.
Most turnips boost intake.
Most turnips contain beneficial vitamins.
Most turnips contain carbohydrates.
Most turnips contain vitamins.
Most turnips develop flowers.
Most turnips grow in areas.
Most turnips have flavor.
Most turnips have sweet taste.
Most turnips have white flesh, but some offer colorful flesh or skin.
Most turnips produce leafy stems.
Most turnips produce roots.
Most turnips produce stems.
Most turnips provide energy.
Most turnips provide nutrients.
Most turnips thrive in cool temperature.
Most turnips thrive in temperature.
Some turnips have chances.
Some turnips have flesh.
Some turnips have skin.
Some turnips have white flesh.
Some turnips have white skin.
Turnkey project works.
Turnkey projects are available.
Turnkey systems integrate risk reduction, technical expertise, training, and project management.
A turnkey is a keeper
A turnkey is a lawman
Turnkey plans available.
Turnkey projects The ability to provide turnkey projects is also a valuable marketing asset.
Turnkeys have access to maps, phone books, directories and listings of all kinds.
Turnout gear is the special clothing that firefighters wear when fighting a fire.
A turnout is attendance
Turnout demonstrates impressive backing.
Turnout looks like it is going to be pretty dismal.
Turnout tends to be higher in general elections than in primary elections.
Turnout tends to be low if people think that there is going to be an easy victory.
Turnout tends towards minimal at best.
Turnouts allow a player to be in a position to counterattack after being airborne.
Turnouts also ensure safe parking for viewing and ptotographing the mountain scenery.
Turnouts are attendance.
Turnouts are commercial with a couple of special handbuilt exceptions.
Turnouts are electromechanical devices that sometimes fail to operate correctly.
Turnouts are gathering.
Turnouts are good, and often bring smiles of the locals as they see the event in progress.
Turnouts are here in a large variety of sizes, freshly laundered and ready to go at no cost .
Turnouts are part of roads.
Turnouts are parts.
Turnouts are rotation.
Turnouts really take a beating during training classes.
Turnouts often hover below a third.
All turnouts are hand-thrown.
All turnouts are of the power routing kind, enhanced with extra contacts on the switch machines.
All turnouts use ground throws and train crews do all the uncoupling by hand.
Many turnouts offer broad and beautiful vistas.
Turnover ratio is given in parentheses in the production column.
Turnover ratio is the most striking disparity between the teams.
Turnover ratio makes a world of difference.
Turnover ratios show how frequently the assets are converted into sales.
A turnover is a ratio
Turnover actually comes in two parts, resignations and new hires.
Turnover adversely affects the quality and efficiency of service operations.
Turnover affects program continuity and disrupts institutional memory.
Turnover alone is very damaging to the bottom line.
Turnover also means lost revenue.
Turnover becomes an issue.
Turnover can also vary with product cycles.
Turnover can be voluntary or involuntary.
Turnover costs money.
Turnover creates costs for recruitment, agency fees, interview time, etc.
Turnover creates many openings.
Turnover depends to a large degree on the effectiveness with which goods are delivered.
Turnover derails reform efforts and leads to a cycle of reinventing school every two or three years.
Turnover does have a positive side.
Turnover generates hiring costs and undercuts efficiency.
Turnover goes down and with it, retraining time and costs.
Turnover here is high.
Turnover is a big cost to employers, but more for large employers than small ones.
Turnover is a complicated issue with many interesting twists and turns.
Turnover is a factor.
Turnover is a human capital risk.
Turnover is a part of our business.
Turnover is a pivotal moment in the future of each community association.
Turnover is a reality in any business, and certainly so in the property management field.
Turnover is a slippery figure that measures the amount of trading a manager does.
Turnover is a symptom of other problems, especially dissatisfaction with work or working conditions.
Turnover is a term being used to measure the size of the farm business.
Turnover is almost nil.
Turnover is also more moderate than most other domestic equity fund.
Turnover is always an issue as law firms lose lawyers to the allure of a startup and stock options.
Turnover is at an all-time high.
Turnover is bad for business.
Turnover is brisk.
Turnover is caused by cooler water sinking into the warmer water below it.
Turnover is caused by retirements, promotions, moves, and so forth.
Turnover is common.
Turnover is costly in terms of time and effort required to recruit, select, and train new personnel.
Turnover is definitely a challenge.
Turnover is down and the partner pipeline is full.
Turnover is enhanced, in the main, by shortening the phalangeal lever.
Turnover is enormous and caseloads are crushing.
Turnover is especially high among new staff.
Turnover is even greater in urban areas, where much of the population is transient.
Turnover is expensive for both a recruiting firm and the employer.
Turnover is expensive for employers, increasing both training and administrative costs.
Turnover is expensive in terms of recruiting, training, and retaining a workforce.
Turnover is expensive.
Turnover is extremely expensive.
Turnover is extremely low on the copy desk, so there's no way to answer that.
Turnover is fast.
Turnover is frequent, so it is always wise to check ahead.
Turnover is generally higher among representatives who sell non-technical services.
Turnover is great.
Turnover is healthy.
Turnover is high and rapid.
Turnover is high as businesses take turns luring away each other's employees.
Turnover is high because of our demographics.
Turnover is high because the work can be stressful.
Turnover is high because wages are low and working conditions are often tedious and unpleasant.
Turnover is high here.
Turnover is high in congressional offices and think-tanks tend to be slightly more stable.
Turnover is high in nursery work, as people leave to obtain full-time employment.
Turnover is high in the pest control industry.
Turnover is high, a reflection of relatively low skill requirements and low pay.
Turnover is high, and so is the demand for painting services.
Turnover is high.
Turnover is highest in the first ninety days, which is often due to a lack of motivation .
Turnover is important because it is an indicator of the elevator's economic performance.
Turnover is important, too.
Turnover is incredibly high.
Turnover is inevitable in television news.
Turnover is inevitable.
Turnover is less at firms that foster an ethical culture.
Turnover is limited by additional rules.
Turnover is linked to lack of training and low wages.
Turnover is low and employment opportunities are limited.
Turnover is low in the special-care units of hospitals.
Turnover is low, mainly because of the limited opportunities locally.
Turnover is low, with openings occurring occasionally.
Turnover is low.
Turnover is lower and sales cycles are quicker with experienced people.
Turnover is lower for bookkeepers than for other record clerks.
Turnover is lower.
Turnover is massive and recordkeeping a challenge.
Turnover is minimal.
Turnover is natural in the course of any business.
Turnover is now nonexistent.
Turnover is often a sign of other underlying problems.
Turnover is often the result of perceived organizational and operational weaknesses.
Turnover is one of the greatest drawbacks to student assistants.
Turnover is painful at community newspapers when local knowledge goes walking out the door.
Turnover is possible in spring and fall in upper waters of meromictic lakes.
Turnover is quite high due to the hard physical labor and low pay.
Turnover is rampant among key employees.
Turnover is relatively high for broadcast and sound technicians.
Turnover is relatively high for broadcast technicians.
Turnover is relatively high.
Turnover is relatively low among microbiologists as employment opportunities are fairly limited.
Turnover is relatively stable.
Turnover is reportedly minimal and no-one has ever been fired for poor work.
Turnover is slow.
Turnover is small . . .
Turnover is so expensive.
Turnover is so high that . . .
Turnover is something that normally happens.
Turnover is still a problem for large and small businesses alike.
Turnover is still high, mostly in the custodial area.
Turnover is still sky high.
Turnover is such that options vested over four years seem outdated.
Turnover is swift.
Turnover is the attrition of employees through voluntary or involuntary terminations.
Turnover is the fourth phase of motion.
Turnover is the highest among all record clerk occupations.
Turnover is the largest source of increased taxes for investors.
Turnover is the measure of the amount of active trading in a portfolio.
Turnover is the nature of the business.
Turnover is the problem.
Turnover is the relationship between the float and the average monthly volume.
Turnover is the sales, or gross revenue, of the company during the financial period.
Turnover is thin.
Turnover is tremendous and there have been serious injuries.
Turnover is used in contradistinction to volume of shares.
Turnover is usually a sign that something is wrong.
Turnover is usually fairly good, though, with at least one boat per hour returning.
Turnover is vanity, profit is sanity.
Turnover is very costly and being ambivolent about employees can lead to high levels of turnover.
Turnover is very expensive.
Turnover is very high, highest among all record clerk occupations.
Turnover is very high, reflecting the low wages and relatively meager benefits.
Turnover is very important.
Turnover is very low, even among the part-time faculty.
Turnover is very slow here.
Turnover means delay.
Turnover measures how long a fund is holding onto the stocks it buys.
Turnover occurs as the lagoon is heating up in the spring or cooling down in the fall.
Turnover occurs when someone changes jobs.
Turnover plays a key role.
Turnover refers to how many maintenance tasks can be completed within a fixed amount of time.
Turnover Refers to the level of discretionary trading activity in a portfolio.
Turnover refers to the rate at which new users tend to replace old ones, as accounts get deleted.
Turnover remains high as IT personnel swarm to the highest bidder.
Turnover remains high at the agency.
Turnover remains high.
Turnover represents more than a monetary loss.
Turnover represents the amounts received and receivable for sale of goods to third parties.
Turnover represents the invoiced value of goods sold net of returns and allowances.
Turnover represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of returns and allowances.
Turnover represents the value of goods and services supplied and is stated net of value added tax.
Turnover resulting from special operations, however, is deducted from registered turnover.
Turnover rises by Rs.
Turnover shows what percentage of a fund the manager replaced last year.
Turnover tends to be higher among disabled workers than among the workers at large.
Turnover tends to be higher among non-technical services sales representatives.
Turnover there is pretty humongous.
Turnover thus prevents the rapid depletion of the antibodies.
Turnover typically costs one to one and a half times the employee's annual salary.
Turnover upsets routines that comfort animals and affect their health and safety.
Turnover varies, too.
Turnovers also remain a problem.
Turnovers are a key in any series.
Turnovers are a major problem and limit the number of shots North Carolina gets.
Turnovers are a problem for any offense.
Turnovers are a problem.
Turnovers are almost dead even.
Turnovers are an on-court problem.
Turnovers are dishs.
Turnovers are frequent.
Turnovers are inexcusable.
Turnovers are often a result of a lack of mental concentration more then anything.
Turnovers are our key.
Turnovers are the key in any game.
Turnovers are the key.
Turnovers can be vital.
Turnovers can change the momentum of the game.
Turnovers change the course of a ball game.
Turnovers cost money.
Turnovers indicate inefficiency.
Turnovers kill a team's momentum and often give the opposition easy baskets.
Turnovers torch the old man's soul.
Turnover often is the result of disappointed expectations or some misunderstanding of the job.
Most turnovers are too big for a single serving.
Some turnover is attributed to the stressful nature of the work.
Some turnover is positive.
Some turnover is probably unavoidable.
Turnpike Rivalry Heats Up .
A turnpike is a gate
Turnpike now features a spelling checker for news articles and email messages.
Turnpike shows a small rectangle where each backspace character was.
Turnpikes are expressways.
Turnpikes are for East Coast saps.
Turnpikes are gates.
Turnpikes are located in atlases.
Turnpikes are part of roads.
Turnpikes are roads.
Turnpikes are roadways.
Turnpikes are used for driving.
Turnpikes are used for transportation.
Turnpikes are used for turning.
A turnstile is a gate
Turnstiles accept exact change.
Turnstiles are already in use at Worcester and Northampton, where they have been a great success.
Turnstiles are gates.
Turnstiles are located in amusement parks.
Turnstiles are located in stores.
Turnstiles are located in subway stations.
Turnstiles are located in train stations.
Turnstiles are used at a variety of places .
Turnstiles are used at a variety of places.
Turnstiles are used for admission.
Turnstiles are used for counting.
Turnstiles can be especially awkward for law students with large bookbags or backpacks.
A turnstone is a plover
Turnstone is based in Mountain View, California.
Turnstone is one that provides views of Monterey Bay.
Turnstones are plovers.
Turnstones constantly rummage through seaweed and small stones in search of food.
Turnstones do exactly that, turn over rocks and shells in search of a meal.
Turntable History Find out how turntables work and learn all about their history.
Turntable model accomodates twelve round viscometer holders.
Turntable repairs are next.
A turntable is a platform
Turntables are electrical components.
Turntables are mechanical devices.
Turntables are platforms.
Turntables are still out there.
Turntables are trays.
Turntables can be more of a problem, see below for more information.
Turntables can resample their songs to match any tempo.
Turntables work best when on a shelf of their own.
Some turntables have an amplifier built-in.
A turpentine is volatile oil
Turpentine flows from the pine and other cone-bearing trees.
Most turpentine is produced as a by-product of the papermaking process.
Much turpentine is derived from tall oil from the paper industry.
Turquoise Lake is located high above Glacier Lake.
Turquoise light is a combination of green and blue as orange is a combination of red and yellow.
Turquoise people relate well to the 'idea' world and anything that is innovative.
Turquoise pools sparkle within flower-adorned courtyards.
Turquoise squares indicate unread notes.
Turquoise stones accent the beadwork.
Turquoise stones highlight the beadwork.
Turquoise triangles mark P element insertions, and mustard-yellow bars represent transposons.
Turquoise water pouring over three hundred-foot cliffs is a visual and photographic dream.
Turquoise zones show the ground.
Turquoise brings friendship, allegiance, healing, protection and self-definition.
Turquoise calms the mind and is cooling to the nervous system.
Turquoise contains copper and aluminum.
Turquoise helps reduce premature aging.
Turquoise is blue
Turquoise is minerals.
Turquoise is precious stones.
Turquoise occurs as nodules and veins that are either blue or green in color.
Turquoise occurs as small, blue transparent crystals and as thin opaque turquoise veins.
Turquoise occurs as thin veins parallel to the cleavage in the black slates.
Turret rifles have several advantages in common.
A turret is a structure
Turret isa tower.
Turrets are available using hirth gears for greater machining forces and high accuracy.
Turrets are part of castles.
Turrets are towers.
Turrets can see cloaked enemies.
Turrets Check the sizing of the turrets on the barbettes.
Turrets have (part) bases.
Turrets have (part) sections.
Turrets leap into the air.
Turrets look good, real good, and sound good to.
Turrets traverse as gunners and commanders scan for the enemy.
Turrets frequently appear as corner features, thus the skyline is particularly intricate.
All turrets have training arcs of three hundred degrees.
Every turret needs an origin brush.
Some turrets can only be deployed on terrain, others require a metallic surface like a remote base.
Turtle Bay is a small fishing village in the middle of nowhere.
Turtle Beach has a home studio version planned with an additional wavetable set.
Turtle Beach has a long history of producing high quality audio cards.
Turtle Beach have a particularly good reputation for a clean input signal.
Turtle Beach is aware of the problem, but has done nothing to fix it.
Turtle Beach is near the southern end of the key.
Turtle Beach is only a few steps down and across the road.
Turtle Creek has an excellent selection of California wines.
Turtle Creek is very slow.
Turtle geometry has two major advantages.
Turtle graphics is a simple and quick way to learn some of the basics of computer graphics.
Turtle grass covers the greatest area of sea bottom, forming extensive meadows.
Turtle grass has long, leafy blades that usually occur in bundles of three to seven.
Turtle island is a recurrent theme in many origin tales.
Turtle Island is a world entirely beyond time and the pressures of everyday obligations.
Turtle Island is in touch with human values lost in modern society.
Turtle Island is the Blue Lagoon of movie fame.
Turtle Island is the centerpiece.
Turtle Island is their place, and their oral history can no longer be ignored.
Turtle Island welcomes families for a few weeks each year.
Turtle Lake is a wholesome place to raise children.
Turtle Lake offers clients either buffet or sit-down meals and includes full bar facilities.
Turtle Lake sounds like a nice place.
Turtle racing is illegal within the city limits of Key West, Florida.
Turtle shells are hard and bony.
Turtle shells provide protection.
Most turtle shells provide protection.
Turtle soup is consumed throughout the world.
A turtle is a reptile
Turtle are among the oldest living animals on earth.
Turtle become best friends.
Turtle begins as the child no one wants.
Turtle eggshells can be leathery, as in sea turtles, or brittle, as in many tortoises.
Turtle is mild, similar to chicken and very enjoyable.
Turtle isa reptile.
Turtle necks in colors above.
Turtle nesting season also means tourist season.
Turtle nesting season means that there are lighting restrictions on all area beaches.
Turtle shells as an auditory receptor.
Turtle takes a look a the common scents of bowhunting.
Turtle teaches patience,, self-reliance, tenacity, nonviolent defense and the respect of boundaries.
Turtle watching is another thing that brings non-divers to Heron.
Turtles abound by the marina.
Turtles absorb oxygen.
Turtles also eat turtle food.
Turtles also enjoy basking, which is our equivalent of sunbathing.
Turtles also feature on some occasions.
Turtles also feed on sick or dead fish or other animals.
Turtles also find our naturally sandy lakefront to be a perfect place to lay their eggs.
Turtles also have a good sense of eyesight and smell.
Turtles also have an important place in human mythology, religion, and folk medicine.
Turtles also have more cachet than snail darters or or other ugly small fish species.
Turtles also have their value in helping organizations change.
Turtles also have very small brains.
Turtles also migrate from the lake to burrows on land.
Turtles also pose challenges.
Turtles also rely on wave cues to swim offshore, moving toward approaching waves.
Turtles also take advantage of the warm sandbars to lay their eggs.
Turtles also tend to relieve themselves in the water, so monitor it and clean it when necessary.
Turtles appear today much as they appeared hundreds of millions of years ago.
Turtles appear worldwide on land and in oceans with temperate to warm environments.
Turtles are a Darug totem and a symbol of survival.
Turtles are a good example.
Turtles are a green animal with a hard brown and green shell.
Turtles are a lot of fun.
Turtles are a pretty cool creature.
Turtles are actually a rather unsocial animal.
Turtles are also able to distinguish some colors, and they do have a sense of smell.
Turtles are also regular visitors to the reef.
Turtles are amazing and unique creatures.
Turtles are among the longest-lived vertebrates.
Turtles are among the most popular offerings at live animal markets in the United States.
Turtles are an endangered species and are some times called the nice animals of bodies of water.
Turtles are an important component of our marine ecosystems and have great economic value.
Turtles are an important link to the past history of life on earth.
Turtles are ancient life forms.
Turtles are animals.
Turtles are another victim.
Turtles are available in Parchment color only.
Turtles are available in Parchment only.
Turtles are available with almonds, cashews or pecans with milk dark or white chocolate.
Turtles are bands.
Turtles are believed by some to be surviving Anapsids.
Turtles are browsers, mostly.
Turtles are built for swimming, so they appear very slow and clumsy when emerging from the sea.
Turtles are bustin' out all over.
Turtles are capable of pets.
Turtles are characterized by a special bony or cartilaginous shell.
Turtles are chelonians.
Turtles are cold blooded, and temperature in the ocean water column can vary a lot.
Turtles are cold-blooded animals and thus rely on external heat to warm up their bodies.
Turtles are common as are varieties of the colorful Micronesian reef fish.
Turtles are common here.
Turtles are common inhabitants of the reef.
Turtles are covered with a shell of bone.
Turtles are diapsids.
Turtles are distinctive because they live inside shells.
Turtles are distinguished by carapaces.
Turtles are ectothermic animals.
Turtles are evolved from animals.
Turtles are excellent escape artists.
Turtles are famous for the slowness of their movements.
Turtles are fictional characters.
Turtles are found in almost all temperature and tropical regions of the world.
Turtles are found in around the world.
Turtles are freshwater, saltwater or land-dwelling with more than two hundred species.
Turtles are fully mature when their shell length is eight inches long.
Turtles are highly migratory and therefore require protection in all phases of their life cycle.
Turtles are in extreme danger of becoming extinct.
Turtles are inside oceans.
Turtles are interesting in many ways.
Turtles are like little tanks with claws and a hearty appetite.
Turtles are located in boxs.
Turtles are located in coves.
Turtles are located in ponds.
Turtles are located in water.
Turtles are located on beaches.
Turtles are long-lived and are slow to reach maturity.
Turtles are member of families.
Turtles are messy eaters so it is best to move the turtle to a separate feeding tank.
Turtles are messy eaters.
Turtles are nomads of the sea, able to navigate over long distances and still find their way home.
Turtles are often difficult to see on the road due to their darkly colored shells and low profile.
Turtles are omnivorous.
Turtles are particularly vulnerable to discarded litter.
Turtles are perhaps the most regularly hunted type of reptile.
Turtles are plentiful, especially the Hawksbill.
Turtles are potential flying objects.
Turtles are quadrupeds.
Turtles are really slow.
Turtles are regular visitors to the UK and are now protected in our waters.
Turtles are reptiles and are internally similar to lizards and crocodiles.
Turtles are reptiles and their surroundings determine their body temperature.
Turtles are reptiles with short, broad bodies enclosed in a bony shell.
Turtles are reptiles, sensu stricto.
Turtles are reptiles, the same as lizards, geckos and snakes.
Turtles are reptiles.
Turtles are reptiles.
Turtles are safe in either year zone.
Turtles are simply one species in the animal kingdom.
Turtles are slow and take their time at things.
Turtles are slow.
Turtles are soft.
Turtles are some of the most frequently carved fetishes at Zuni.
Turtles are susceptible to pneumonia and other respiratory ailments.
Turtles are swimmers.
Turtles are the beautiful clowns of the ocean.
Turtles are the least specialized of all living reptiles.
Turtles are the longest-lived vertebrates.
Turtles are the most ancient of all living reptiles.
Turtles are the most distinctive group of reptiles alive today.
Turtles are the oldest group of reptiles.
Turtles are the oldest group.
Turtles are the oldest living group of reptiles, dating back to the time of the earliest dinosaurs.
Turtles are the oldest living members of the reptilian class.
Turtles are the only living reptiles with shells.
Turtles are the only reptiles with a shell.
Turtles are thus truly ancient beings-both in geological and mythological terms.
Turtles are too large to shoot through.
Turtles are too unique in their external display to be compared with other reptilian species.
Turtles are usually opportunistic feeders.
Turtles are vertebrates and they have lungs, which is their primary means of respiration.
Turtles are very difficult animals to keep successfully as pets.
Turtles are very interesting animals.
Turtles are very slow to mature and very long lived.
Turtles are warm-blooded.
Turtles are willing to let profits on the table turn into losses.
Turtles are, by and large, omnivores.
Turtles avoid crabs.
Turtles avoid people.
Turtles avoid predators.
Turtles balance on fallen tree trunks.
Turtles bask on rocks.
Turtles become adults.
Turtles begin life.
Turtles breathe air through external nares located above their mouths.
Turtles breathe air.
Turtles bring tourists which means employment and business opportunities for local people.
Turtles bury eggs.
Turtles call the Galapagos Islands home.
Turtles can adjust their current headings to the left or right.
Turtles can also knock the box off when moving between rocks.
Turtles can also transmit disease.
Turtles can be an interesting pet to keep.
Turtles can be illegal in some states.
Turtles can be vigorous - be sure to protect the heater from the turtle.
Turtles can camouflage themselves as rocks.
Turtles can carry salmonella or other infectious diseases.
Turtles can get gout.
Turtles can go two to three months without food.
Turtles can have roundworms.
Turtles can learn a lot of little things and routines, given enough time and food rewards.
Turtles can live all around the world.
Turtles can live in all types of environments.
Turtles can live in saltwater, freshwater and on land.
Turtles can move between views.
Turtles can pop up at any time in every way.
Turtles can put their head and feet and tail into their shell.
Turtles can read magnetic maps .
Turtles can run several hundred pounds in weight.
Turtles can serve as a focal point in general conservation awareness programs.
Turtles can spread salmonellosis.
Turtles can take the bait on trotlines.
Turtles can tell more about the roads than hares.
Turtles carry a protective shell.
Turtles carry organisms.
Turtles carry seeds and parasites between habitats.
Turtles carry shells.
Turtles catch prey.
Turtles catch terrestrial prey.
Turtles Click on the scientific names below for a description and picture of the species.
Turtles climb on top of each other to gain the sunniest spot on a floating log.
Turtles collect food.
Turtles come ashore at night to lay eggs and are easily disturbed by light, noise and movement.
Turtles come from eggs.
Turtles come from oceans.
Turtles come from sea.
Turtles come in many sizes, shapes and colors and occupy a diversity of habitats.
Turtles come into contact.
Turtles come into direct contact.
Turtles come out to sun themselves along the banks on fallen logs.
Turtles come to the sea grass bed to graze.
Turtles come up to the patio to feed, and have been known to try to come on in the back door.
Turtles come yearly to lay their eggs.
Turtles contain three eyelids.
Turtles control buoyancy.
Turtles crawl around another glass enclosure, waiting to become somebody's soup.
Turtles depend on food.
Turtles desire water.
Turtles destroy vegetation.
Turtles develop a regular schedule of sleeping, bathing, sunning and eating.
Turtles develop lungs.
Turtles develop skin.
Turtles dig both water and terra firma.
Turtles dig environments.
Turtles dig grass.
Turtles dig holes.
Turtles dig nests in soft sand above the high-tide line.
Turtles dig pits.
Turtles do best outdoors.
Turtles do enjoy company of other turtles, and, of course, turtles enjoy the mating game.
Turtles do recognize their care provider, but signs of affection are difficult to determine.
Turtles don t move very fast.
Turtles dont nest every year, but when they do, they usually return to the same area.
Turtles drink while having their bath.
Turtles drop off logs.
Turtles drown if they're caught in shrimping nets for extended periods of time.
Turtles eat a wide variety of aquatic plants, as well as dead animals and some fish.
Turtles eat algas.
Turtles eat both plants and animals.
Turtles eat cabbage, leaves and some grass.
Turtles eat flies.
Turtles eat flowers.
Turtles eat food.
Turtles eat insects, and worms, and all types of bugs.
Turtles eat insects.
Turtles eat jelly fish and often mistake plastic bags and deflated balloons as a tasty snack.
Turtles eat lettuce.
Turtles eat little creatures that feed on algae.
Turtles eat living or dead plant and animal matter.
Turtles eat plants and sea junk.
Turtles eat plants.
Turtles eat seaweed.
Turtles eat small animals.
Turtles eat small insects.
Turtles eat snails.
Turtles eat vegetables.
Turtles emerge from eggs.
Turtles emerge from environments.
Turtles emerge from lakes.
Turtles emerge from regions.
Turtles emerge from sea.
Turtles emerge from their nests without an established directional preference.
Turtles emerge from water.
Turtles engage in behavior.
Turtles engage in three types of activities causing three forms of destruction.
Turtles enter ground.
Turtles enter into hibernation.
Turtles enter oceans.
Turtles enter water.
Turtles even fall prey by accident when captured in large fishing nets used by shrimpers.
Turtles excrete urea.
Turtles excrete waste.
Turtles exhibit shells.
Turtles exist throughout the world except in the coldest climates.
Turtles explore our reefs.
Turtles face a daunting variety of man-made threats.
Turtles feed in water.
Turtles feed on diets.
Turtles feed on plants.
Turtles find food.
Turtles find in ponds.
Turtles float in ponds.
Turtles float in water.
Turtles follow current.
Turtles follow ocean current.
Turtles follow the Gulf Stream up north to the Cape, and find a great foraging area here.
Turtles forage for food.
Turtles frequent the area.
Turtles gain mass.
Turtles get diseases.
Turtles get their body heat from their surroundings as they are cold blooded.
Turtles get water.
Turtles give birth to turtles.
Turtles go into open water.
Turtles go into water.
Turtles go to bays.
Turtles go to oceans.
Turtles go to water.
Turtles graze on plants.
Turtles graze on underwater plants.
Turtles grow large, move slowly.
Turtles grow shells.
Turtles grow throughout their life.
Turtles has-part backs.
Turtles has-part beaks.
Turtles has-part bones.
Turtles has-part eyes.
Turtles has-part flippers.
Turtles has-part glands.
Turtles has-part guts.
Turtles has-part jaws.
Turtles has-part legs.
Turtles has-part limbs.
Turtles has-part lungs.
Turtles has-part muscles.
Turtles has-part necks.
Turtles has-part organs.
Turtles has-part skin.
Turtles has-part sphincters.
Turtles has-part toes.
Turtles hatch from eggs, which are fertilized within the female's body.
Turtles have (part) brains.
Turtles have (part) breasts.
Turtles have (part) carapaces.
Turtles have (part) cell membranes.
Turtles have (part) cells.
Turtles have (part) chest cavities.
Turtles have (part) chests.
Turtles have (part) corpi.
Turtles have (part) cytoplasm.
Turtles have (part) ears.
Turtles have (part) faces.
Turtles have (part) heads.
Turtles have (part) nuclei.
Turtles have (part) pedal extremities.
Turtles have (part) plasma membranes.
Turtles have (part) rib cages.
Turtles have (part) sections.
Turtles have (part) shells.
Turtles have (part) skulls.
Turtles have (part) sterna.
Turtles have (part) vacuoles.
Turtles have (part) vertebrate feet.
Turtles have a habit of eating their own stool.
Turtles have a hard beak .
Turtles have a hard beak.
Turtles have a memory, in which they store certain bits of information.
Turtles have a poor sense of smell.
Turtles have a shell of usually fused, long plates covered by large horny scales.
Turtles have a small tail that looks like a skinny leg and they walk very slowly.
Turtles have a struggle.
Turtles have a tough time surviving.
Turtles have a two part shell, with the vertebrae and rib fused to it.
Turtles have a two-part shell, the carapace on top and the plastron underneath.
Turtles have a varied diet which includes fruit and vegetables as well as meat.
Turtles have a well-developed sense of sight and of touch.
Turtles have amazing survival skills and strategies.
Turtles have behavior.
Turtles have black carapaces.
Turtles have bones.
Turtles have carapaces.
Turtles have circular pupils too.
Turtles have color vision.
Turtles have ears.
Turtles have exoskeletons.
Turtles have eyelids.
Turtles have eyes.
Turtles have eyesights.
Turtles have features.
Turtles have feet.
Turtles have flat shells and webbed feet with long claws.
Turtles have flatter backs than tortoises.
Turtles have good eyesight and an excellent sense of smell.
Turtles have good eyesights.
Turtles have great similarity yet great variation as well.
Turtles have habitats.
Turtles have hard shells.
Turtles have heads.
Turtles have jaws.
Turtles have kidneys.
Turtles have layers.
Turtles have leathery skin.
Turtles have legs.
Turtles have life.
Turtles have long life.
Turtles have long necks.
Turtles have lungs.
Turtles have many different types.
Turtles have muscle layers.
Turtles have muscles.
Turtles have necks.
Turtles have nest behavior.
Turtles have no teeth, but they have a beak with a hard, sharp edge that they use to cut food.
Turtles have one of the most distinctive body plans among all vertebrates.
Turtles have options.
Turtles have oval shells.
Turtles have prey.
Turtles have quite an amazing sense of balance.
Turtles have resilient shells and grow quite old unless, of course, they are upended.
Turtles have responses.
Turtles have rigid shells.
Turtles have shape carapaces.
Turtles have shell layers.
Turtles have shells.
Turtles have shields.
Turtles have size.
Turtles have skeletons.
Turtles have skin.
Turtles have soft shells.
Turtles have solid skulls without temporal openings.
Turtles have specific habitats.
Turtles have teeth.
Turtles have temperature.
Turtles have their own unique characteristics and personalities.
Turtles have thin layers.
Turtles have thin muscle layers.
Turtles have to watch out for birds or any other type of animal that is bigger than it.
Turtles have two special sets of respiratory muscles.
Turtles have upper eyelids.
Turtles have values.
Turtles have very hard scales called plates.
Turtles have well-developed ear structures but usually give little evidence of hearing ability.
Turtles hear sound.
Turtles Here are some web sites about turtles, their history, behavior and conservation.
Turtles hide in grass.
Turtles inhabit different environments.
Turtles inhabit environments.
Turtles inhabit freshwater habitats.
Turtles inhabit habitats.
Turtles inhabit oceans.
Turtles inhabit water.
Turtles inhale air.
Turtles killed by passing cars are a very significant loss to populations.
Turtles know when to come out when it is safe.
Turtles lack teeth.
Turtles lay eggs , like other reptiles , which are slightly soft and leathery .
Turtles lay eggs in sandy mounds.
Turtles lay eggs on land, although many species live in or near water.
Turtles lay eggs, frogs jump about and butterflies flutter in nature's playground.
Turtles lay eggs, like other reptiles, and which are slightly soft and leathery.
Turtles lay eggs, like other reptiles, which are slightly soft and leathery.
Turtles lay eggs.
Turtles lay slightly soft and leathery eggs, like other reptiles.
Turtles lay their eggs in sand or dirt.
Turtles lay their eggs in the sand, too.
Turtles lay their eggs on land .
Turtles lay their eggs on land, where predation is high.
Turtles lay their eggs on the beaches.
Turtles lay their eggs on the northern, eastern and southwestern beaches.
Turtles lay their eggs on the northern, eastern and south-western beaches.
Turtles lay their eggs.
Turtles leave tracks.
Turtles leave trails.
Turtles lift heads.
Turtles like to gather.
Turtles like to spend more time in the water.
Turtles live a long time so be prepared for the commitment.
Turtles live a long time.
Turtles live a very, very long time.
Turtles live at habitats.
Turtles live for years.
Turtles live in a variety of environments, from deserts to ponds to the sea.
Turtles live in all the continents except in Antarctica.
Turtles live in and around the water.
Turtles live in areas.
Turtles live in bays.
Turtles live in beaches.
Turtles live in climates.
Turtles live in fresh water.
Turtles live in habitats.
Turtles live in lakes, ponds, salt marshes, rivers, forests, and even in deserts.
Turtles live in oceans.
Turtles live in ponds.
Turtles live in rivers.
Turtles live in seasonal climates.
Turtles live in seawater.
Turtles live in shells.
Turtles live in streams.
Turtles live in swamp.
Turtles live in the pond.
Turtles live in the river.
Turtles live in the water.
Turtles live in underwater structure like brush piles and submerged rock piles.
Turtles live in water and have web feet.
Turtles live in water and tortoises live on land.
Turtles live in water.
Turtles live in wetland.
Turtles live long lives, but in exchange, they are slow moving creatures.
Turtles live longer than any other animal except people.
Turtles live on continents.
Turtles live on every continent except Antarctica.
Turtles live over years.
Turtles live some or most of the time in the water, while tortoises live on land.
Turtles live up to years.
Turtles love food.
Turtles love fruit.
Turtles love oceans.
Turtles love water.
Turtles maintain body temperature.
Turtles maintain temperature.
Turtles make a lot more waste than fish.
Turtles make eggs.
Turtles make homes.
Turtles make journeys.
Turtles make lousy pets.
Turtles make turtles.
Turtles make waste.
Turtles mate in early springs.
Turtles mate in shallow water.
Turtles mate in springs.
Turtles mate in water.
Turtles migrate to lakes.
Turtles migrate to rivers.
Turtles migrate to sea.
Turtles migrate to streams.
Turtles migrate to water.
Turtles mistake plastic bags for jellyfish.
Turtles move at a predictably slow and comfortable pace in an unpredictable and frenetic cosmos.
Turtles move extremely gracefully in the water, a really neat site to see.
Turtles move into areas.
Turtles move into coastal areas.
Turtles move throats.
Turtles need food.
Turtles need humidity.
Turtles need lower humidity.
Turtles need places.
Turtles need vegetables.
Turtles nest annually on the island.
Turtles nest on beaches.
Turtles nest on gulf coast beaches.
Turtles nest places.
Turtles nest sites.
Turtles nest suitable places.
Turtles never leave their home.
Turtles occupy areas.
Turtles occupy large ranges.
Turtles occupy niches.
Turtles occupy ranges.
Turtles occupy specific niches.
Turtles occupy thermal niches.
Turtles occur in environments.
Turtles occur in groups.
Turtles occur in habitats.
Turtles occur in ponds.
Turtles occur in regions.
Turtles occur in rivers.
Turtles occur in sea.
Turtles occur in water.
Turtles play an important part in the folk culture.
Turtles play happy together.
Turtles play important role in carrying energy.
Turtles play important roles in food chains and in the cycles of life within their environment.
Turtles play in ponds.
Turtles play roles.
Turtles plop from their basking logs.
Turtles possess a poison bacteria that they secrete for protection.
Turtles possess beaks.
Turtles possess blood.
Turtles possess hook beaks.
Turtles possess sacs.
Turtles possess skills.
Turtles possess toothless jaws encased in horny beaks.
Turtles prefer diets.
Turtles prefer ecosystems.
Turtles prefer food diets.
Turtles prefer ground.
Turtles prefer habitats.
Turtles prefer live food diets.
Turtles prefer oceans.
Turtles prefer open oceans.
Turtles prefer ponds.
Turtles prefer rivers.
Turtles prefer sea.
Turtles prefer to nest during the high tide to avoid being stranded by the receding waters.
Turtles prefer warm water.
Turtles prefer water.
Turtles produce considerably more solid fecal waste than fish.
Turtles produce many eggs, but few hatchlings survive the difficult journey back to sea.
Turtles produce toxic waste.
Turtles produce waste.
Turtles pull their heads and feet into their shells to protect themselves.
Turtles push off logs as the warmth of the sun fades into the trees.
Turtles range in size from a few inches to as tall as a full-grown man.
Turtles range in size.
Turtles rank high among the world's endangered species.
Turtles reach ages.
Turtles reach length.
Turtles reach their full size in less than ten years.
Turtles react to the market with precise rules.
Turtles Read about the care and husbandry of turtles and tortoises.
Turtles receive dinner.
Turtles receive food.
Turtles rely on ability.
Turtles represent the Colorado River.
Turtles reproduce sexually and sexually only.
Turtles require air.
Turtles require clean fresh water and bedding.
Turtles require food.
Turtles require habitats.
Turtles require humidity.
Turtles require light.
Turtles require more than a small, simple container to ensure proper health and longevity.
Turtles require proteins.
Turtles require special types of light to make sure they are healthy.
Turtles require spectrum light.
Turtles require vegetation.
Turtles require vitamins.
Turtles require water.
Turtles require wetland.
Turtles rest on logs.
Turtles rest on marsh.
Turtles retract limbs.
Turtles retract tails.
Turtles return to beaches.
Turtles return to coasts.
Turtles return to lakes.
Turtles return to ponds.
Turtles return to sea.
Turtles return to shores.
Turtles return to water.
Turtles roam beaches.
Turtles roam earth.
Turtles roam oceans.
Turtles roam shores.
Turtles run the added risk of being collected, either legally and illegally, for the pet trade.
Turtles search for food.
Turtles seek food.
Turtles seek protection.
Turtles seek water.
Turtles seem to enjoy a basking area.
Turtles seize prey.
Turtles share environments.
Turtles share instinct.
Turtles share nest instinct.
Turtles share oceans.
Turtles sit in environments.
Turtles sit in regions.
Turtles sit in wetland.
Turtles sit on bottoms.
Turtles sit on nests.
Turtles spend most of their lives at sea but return to the land to lay their eggs.
Turtles spend most of their lives in the water and have plated shells covering their bodies.
Turtles spend the day underwater, burrowed into gravel deposits or hidden in crevices in the rocks.
Turtles start mating.
Turtles still have to breathe air and they have to come up on land to lay their eggs.
Turtles store food in the form of fat, and they store water in specialized bladders.
Turtles strand on shores.
Turtles submerge heads.
Turtles submerge in water.
Turtles suffer fate.
Turtles suffer same fate.
Turtles sun themselves on rocks along lakeshores.
Turtles survive for years.
Turtles survive on vegetation.
Turtles survive to adulthood.
Turtles swallow food.
Turtles swallow pieces.
Turtles swallow prey.
Turtles swim home.
Turtles swim in bays.
Turtles swim in lakes.
Turtles swim in oceans.
Turtles swim in ponds.
Turtles swim in regions.
Turtles swim in water.
Turtles swim primarily in warm, coastal waters around the world.
Turtles swim to ocean surfaces.
Turtles swim to surfaces.
Turtles swim, feed in water, and love to bask.
Turtles symbolize long life.
Turtles take a long time to adjust to temperature changes.
Turtles tend to be unspecialized in food habits, eating either plant or animal food.
Turtles tend to have mottled shells of green, gold and brown.
Turtles thrive in water.
Turtles to escape predators.
Turtles trade for the big picture, the outsized, huge gains.
Turtles turn over on their backs.
Turtles undertake lengthy migration.
Turtles undertake migration.
Turtles use beaches.
Turtles use camouflage to hide from predators and avoid detection by prey.
Turtles use external strategies primarily in low stress situations.
Turtles use feet.
Turtles use front legs.
Turtles use hind feet.
Turtles use jaws.
Turtles use legs.
Turtles use logs, root wads or large rocks to bask in the sun.
Turtles use nest beaches.
Turtles use same nest beaches.
Turtles use their horned edge of their mouth to rip the meat first into pieces.
Turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food .
Turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food.
Turtles use their mouths to breathe and some have other adaptations to help intake oxygen.
Turtles use tongues.
Turtles vary greatly in size.
Turtles vary in size.
Turtles vertebrates migratory sea turtle site turtle sea.
Turtles visit beaches.
Turtles visit coasts.
Turtles visit islands.
Turtles visit ponds.
Turtles walk on feet.
Turtles wear shells.
Turtles weigh grams.
Turtles Welcome to our Web site.
Turtles win big through discipline in futures markets.
Turtles always return to where they are born to lay their eggs.
Turtles often catch midday rays by basking on a rock or log.
Turtles often cross roads in search of disturbed soils which are attractive nest sites.
Turtles often cross roads near wetlands looking for an upland site to bury their eggs.
Turtles often drown when they become entangled in fishing nets.
Turtles often frequent the wreck, as it is a convenient location for a snooze at night.
Turtles often move around in a home range looking for food, water and a nesting site.
Turtles often swim near the surface and can be hit by boat propellers and jet skis.
Turtles sometimes suffer physical injury resulting in cracks or fractures in the shell.
Turtles usually live in or close to water, and tortoises live in dry places.
All turtles are members of the scientific class Reptilia.
All Turtles are solitary animals that only get together during mating season.
All turtles are tootheless, but have a sharp-edged beak so that they can eat.
All turtles are vegetarians.
All turtles belong to the class of backboned animals known as reptiles.
All turtles have good eyesight and hearing.
All turtles lay eggs and begin life as vulnerable prey items for a vast array of predators.
All turtles lay eggs and never look back.
All turtles lay eggs on land .
All turtles lay eggs on land.
All turtles lay eggs, none produce live young.
All turtles lay their eggs on land, and none show parental care.
All turtles lay their eggs on land, most in a nest that they dig themselves using their hind feet.
All turtles lay their eggs on land.
Every turtle has a body cavity called a cloaca located near the base of the tail, on the underside.
Every turtle has a heading that tells it which way to move on the checkerboard of patches.
Every turtle holds a pointer to the bitmap it is drawing on.
Many turtles also burrow into the mud and become inactive during the colder months.
Many turtles also use the moist surfaces of their cloaca for gas exchange.
Many turtles are killed when they get caught in fishing nets .
Many turtles are killed when they get caught in fishing nets.
Many turtles burrow in the mud at the bottom of the pond or lake.
Many turtles fall victim to floating debris, which they either ingest or become entangled in.
Many turtles follow what is known as the North Atlantic Subtropical Gyre.
Many turtles have powerful jaws, with which they tear food and capture prey.
Many turtles live in the cove and are a real treat to observe.
Many turtles move between land and water.
Many turtles partly compensate for the rigidity of the body by having exceptionally flexible necks.
Many turtles show a stereotypic nest-digging behavior.
Many turtles spend all or most of their lives in fresh water.
More turtles become infected.
Most turtles absorb oxygen.
Most turtles are able to draw their head and limbs into their shell for protection.
Most turtles are distinguished by carapaces.
Most turtles are evolved from animals.
Most turtles are inside oceans.
Most turtles are located in coves.
Most turtles are located in ponds.
Most turtles are located on beaches.
Most turtles are member of families.
Most turtles avoid crabs.
Most turtles avoid people.
Most turtles avoid predators.
Most turtles become adults.
Most turtles begin life.
Most turtles blend in with their surroundings.
Most turtles bury their eggs in ground, under debris, or in burrows.
Most turtles carry organisms.
Most turtles carry shells.
Most turtles catch terrestrial prey.
Most turtles collect food.
Most turtles come from eggs.
Most turtles come from oceans.
Most turtles come from sea.
Most turtles come into contact.
Most turtles come into direct contact.
Most turtles depend on food.
Most turtles destroy vegetation.
Most turtles develop lungs.
Most turtles develop skin.
Most turtles dig chambers in which the eggs are laid.
Most turtles dig grass.
Most turtles dig holes.
Most turtles dig one nest in the ground, lay eggs in the the hole, and cover it with dirt.
Most turtles dig pits.
Most turtles eat algas.
Most turtles eat flowers.
Most turtles eat food.
Most turtles eat insects.
Most turtles eat lettuce.
Most turtles eat plants.
Most turtles eat seaweed.
Most turtles eat small insects.
Most turtles eat snails.
Most turtles eat vegetables.
Most turtles emerge from eggs.
Most turtles emerge from environments.
Most turtles emerge from lakes.
Most turtles emerge from regions.
Most turtles emerge from sea.
Most turtles emerge from water.
Most turtles engage in behavior.
Most turtles enter ground.
Most turtles enter into hibernation.
Most turtles enter oceans.
Most turtles enter water.
Most turtles excrete urea.
Most turtles excrete waste.
Most turtles fed on such diets die within a few months from multiple dietary deficiencies.
Most turtles feed in water.
Most turtles feed on diets.
Most turtles feed on plants.
Most turtles find food.
Most turtles find in ponds.
Most turtles float in ponds.
Most turtles float in water.
Most turtles follow current.
Most turtles follow ocean current.
Most turtles gain mass.
Most turtles get diseases.
Most turtles get water.
Most turtles give birth to turtles.
Most turtles go into open water.
Most turtles go into water.
Most turtles go to bays.
Most turtles go to oceans.
Most turtles go to water.
Most turtles graze on plants.
Most turtles graze on underwater plants.
Most turtles grow shells.
Most turtles has-part backs.
Most turtles has-part beaks.
Most turtles has-part bones.
Most turtles has-part eyes.
Most turtles has-part flippers.
Most turtles has-part glands.
Most turtles has-part guts.
Most turtles has-part jaws.
Most turtles has-part legs.
Most turtles has-part limbs.
Most turtles has-part lungs.
Most turtles has-part muscles.
Most turtles has-part necks.
Most turtles has-part organs.
Most turtles has-part skin.
Most turtles has-part sphincters.
Most turtles has-part toes.
Most turtles have behavior.
Most turtles have black carapaces.
Most turtles have bones.
Most turtles have carapaces.
Most turtles have eyelids.
Most turtles have eyes.
Most turtles have eyesights.
Most turtles have feet.
Most turtles have good eyesights.
Most turtles have habitats.
Most turtles have hard shells.
Most turtles have heads.
Most turtles have jaws.
Most turtles have layers.
Most turtles have leathery skin.
Most turtles have legs.
Most turtles have life.
Most turtles have long life.
Most turtles have long necks.
Most turtles have lungs.
Most turtles have muscle layers.
Most turtles have muscles.
Most turtles have necks.
Most turtles have nest behavior.
Most turtles have options.
Most turtles have oval shells.
Most turtles have prey.
Most turtles have responses.
Most turtles have rigid shells.
Most turtles have shape carapaces.
Most turtles have shells.
Most turtles have size.
Most turtles have skeletons.
Most turtles have skin.
Most turtles have soft shells.
Most turtles have specific habitats.
Most turtles have teeth.
Most turtles have temperature.
Most turtles have thin layers.
Most turtles have thin muscle layers.
Most turtles have upper eyelids.
Most turtles have values.
Most turtles hear sound.
Most turtles hide in grass.
Most turtles inhabit different environments.
Most turtles inhabit environments.
Most turtles inhabit freshwater habitats.
Most turtles inhabit habitats.
Most turtles inhabit oceans.
Most turtles inhabit water.
Most turtles killed are juveniles and sub-adults.
Most turtles lack teeth.
Most turtles lay eggs.
Most turtles leave tracks.
Most turtles leave trails.
Most turtles live at habitats.
Most turtles live for a long time, and diamondbacks are no exception.
Most turtles live for years.
Most turtles live in areas.
Most turtles live in bays.
Most turtles live in beaches.
Most turtles live in climates.
Most turtles live in fresh water.
Most turtles live in habitats.
Most turtles live in oceans.
Most turtles live in ponds.
Most turtles live in rivers.
Most turtles live in seasonal climates.
Most turtles live in seawater.
Most turtles live in shells.
Most turtles live in streams.
Most turtles live in swamp.
Most turtles live in water.
Most turtles live in wetland.
Most turtles live on continents.
Most turtles live on islands.
Most turtles live over years.
Most turtles live up to years.
Most turtles love food.
Most turtles love fruit.
Most turtles maintain body temperature.
Most turtles maintain temperature.
Most turtles make eggs.
Most turtles make homes.
Most turtles make journeys.
Most turtles make turtles.
Most turtles make waste.
Most turtles migrate to lakes.
Most turtles migrate to rivers.
Most turtles migrate to sea.
Most turtles migrate to streams.
Most turtles migrate to water.
Most turtles move into areas.
Most turtles move into coastal areas.
Most turtles move throats.
Most turtles never make it to adulthood.
Most turtles occupy large ranges.
Most turtles occupy ranges.
Most turtles occupy specific niches.
Most turtles occupy thermal niches.
Most turtles occur in environments.
Most turtles occur in groups.
Most turtles occur in habitats.
Most turtles occur in large water bodies like rivers, canals, and large pools in parks.
Most turtles occur in ponds.
Most turtles occur in regions.
Most turtles occur in rivers.
Most turtles occur in sea.
Most turtles occur in water.
Most turtles play in ponds.
Most turtles play roles.
Most turtles possess beaks.
Most turtles possess blood.
Most turtles possess hook beaks.
Most turtles possess sacs.
Most turtles possess skills.
Most turtles prefer ecosystems.
Most turtles prefer food diets.
Most turtles prefer live food diets.
Most turtles prefer oceans.
Most turtles prefer open oceans.
Most turtles prefer ponds.
Most turtles prefer sea.
Most turtles prefer warm water.
Most turtles produce toxic waste.
Most turtles produce waste.
Most turtles range in size.
Most turtles reach ages.
Most turtles reach length.
Most turtles receive dinner.
Most turtles receive food.
Most turtles rely on ability.
Most turtles require air.
Most turtles require food.
Most turtles require habitats.
Most turtles require humidity.
Most turtles require light.
Most turtles require multiple types of habitats to fulfill all of their survival needs.
Most turtles require proteins.
Most turtles require spectrum light.
Most turtles require vegetation.
Most turtles require vitamins.
Most turtles require water.
Most turtles require wetland.
Most turtles rest on marsh.
Most turtles retract limbs.
Most turtles return to beaches.
Most turtles return to coasts.
Most turtles return to lakes.
Most turtles return to ponds.
Most turtles return to sea.
Most turtles return to shores.
Most turtles return to water.
Most turtles search for food.
Most turtles seek food.
Most turtles seek protection.
Most turtles seek water.
Most turtles seize prey.
Most turtles share instinct.
Most turtles share nest instinct.
Most turtles share oceans.
Most turtles sit in environments.
Most turtles sit in regions.
Most turtles sit in wetland.
Most turtles sit on bottoms.
Most turtles sit on nests.
Most turtles sold as such are baby red-eared sliders or other turtles from the same family.
Most turtles spend their lives on or near the land or in fresh water.
Most turtles strand on shores.
Most turtles submerge heads.
Most turtles submerge in water.
Most turtles suffer fate.
Most turtles suffer same fate.
Most turtles survive for years.
Most turtles survive on vegetation.
Most turtles survive to adulthood.
Most turtles swim in oceans.
Most turtles swim in ponds.
Most turtles swim in regions.
Most turtles thrive in water.
Most turtles undertake lengthy migration.
Most turtles undertake migration.
Most turtles use beaches.
Most turtles use feet.
Most turtles use front legs.
Most turtles use hind feet.
Most turtles use jaws.
Most turtles use legs.
Most turtles use nest beaches.
Most turtles use same nest beaches.
Most turtles use tongues.
Most turtles visit beaches.
Most turtles visit coasts.
Most turtles visit islands.
Most turtles visit ponds.
Most turtles walk on feet.
Most turtles wear shells.
Most turtles weigh grams.
Some turtles also die from eating trash which they mistake for food.
Some turtles also feed on seagrasses and algae.
Some turtles appear in islands.
Some turtles appear in water.
Some turtles are carnivores, while others are herbivores.
Some turtles are distinguished from turtles.
Some turtles are inside ponds.
Some turtles are known to bury themselves in soil.
Some turtles are located in rivers.
Some turtles are located in soup.
Some turtles are located in Wisconsin.
Some turtles are located on islands.
Some turtles avoid men.
Some turtles avoid people.
Some turtles can live for more than a year without food.
Some turtles carry bacteria.
Some turtles carry infection.
Some turtles carry pathogen.
Some turtles carry prey.
Some turtles carry salmonella bacteria.
Some turtles carry salmonellas.
Some turtles carry unusual pathogen.
Some turtles carry viruses.
Some turtles catch in net.
Some turtles come from Asia.
Some turtles come from beaches.
Some turtles come out of water.
Some turtles consume fish.
Some turtles contain salt.
Some turtles cross roads.
Some turtles cross runways.
Some turtles depend on beaches.
Some turtles develop kidney problems.
Some turtles develop permeable skin.
Some turtles develop problems.
Some turtles die of dehydration.
Some turtles die within few months.
Some turtles die within months.
Some turtles dig nests.
Some turtles dig water.
Some turtles drown or are killed when caught in fishermen's nets or on long-lines.
Some turtles eat animals.
Some turtles eat berries.
Some turtles eat bread.
Some turtles eat bullfrogs.
Some turtles eat crabs.
Some turtles eat crickets.
Some turtles eat dead animals.
Some turtles eat fish.
Some turtles eat frogs.
Some turtles eat grass.
Some turtles eat jellyfish.
Some turtles eat larvae.
Some turtles eat mammals.
Some turtles eat mangroves.
Some turtles eat perches.
Some turtles eat plankton.
Some turtles eat prey.
Some turtles eat small mammals.
Some turtles eat worms.
Some turtles emerge at nights.
Some turtles emerge from beaches.
Some turtles emerge from ecosystems.
Some turtles emerge from ground.
Some turtles emerge from habitats.
Some turtles emerge from islands.
Some turtles emerge from oceans.
Some turtles emerge from pasture.
Some turtles emerge from ponds.
Some turtles emerge from rivers.
Some turtles emerge from sand.
Some turtles emerge from surf.
Some turtles emerge from swamp.
Some turtles enter hibernation.
Some turtles enter resemble hibernation.
Some turtles escape heat.
Some turtles feed fish.
Some turtles feed in bays.
Some turtles feed on cayman island turtle farms.
Some turtles feed on farms.
Some turtles feed on jelly.
Some turtles feed on jellyfish.
Some turtles feed on larvae.
Some turtles feed on mosquito larvae.
Some turtles feed on nettles.
Some turtles feed on prey.
Some turtles feed on sea nettles.
Some turtles feed on sea sponges.
Some turtles feed on shellfishes.
Some turtles feed on sponges.
Some turtles feed on worms.
Some turtles find on beaches.
Some turtles find problems.
Some turtles float in oceans.
Some turtles follow light.
Some turtles freeze to death.
Some turtles get light.
Some turtles get vitamins.
Some turtles go dormant over winter.
Some turtles graze in regions.
Some turtles has-part noses.
Some turtles has-part tails.
Some turtles has-part tissue.
Some turtles have a keel down the centre of their carapace.
Some turtles have decades.
Some turtles have dietary requirements.
Some turtles have diets.
Some turtles have different dietary requirements.
Some turtles have different requirements.
Some turtles have dishes.
Some turtles have domes.
Some turtles have enemies.
Some turtles have few natural enemies.
Some turtles have flippers.
Some turtles have food dishes.
Some turtles have front flippers.
Some turtles have glands.
Some turtles have illnesses.
Some turtles have many natural predators.
Some turtles have middles.
Some turtles have migration.
Some turtles have natural enemies.
Some turtles have natural predators.
Some turtles have plenty.
Some turtles have predators.
Some turtles have ranges.
Some turtles have relatives.
Some turtles have requirements.
Some turtles have salmonellas.
Some turtles have shapes.
Some turtles have shells with bright markings or unusual shapes.
Some turtles have small glands.
Some turtles have tortoises.
Some turtles have walls.
Some turtles help scientists.
Some turtles hibernate during winter.
Some turtles hibernate, without breathing, in the mud at the bottom of the pond.
Some turtles hibernate.
Some turtles hide heads.
Some turtles hide in ground.
Some turtles hide in mud.
Some turtles hide in weeds.
Some turtles hide their heads by bending their necks sideways.
Some turtles hold breaths.
Some turtles hold underwater breaths.
Some turtles inhabit areas.
Some turtles inhabit pools.
Some turtles inhabit quiet pools.
Some turtles inhabit shallow pools.
Some turtles invade gardens.
Some turtles lack diversity.
Some turtles lay their eggs before biologists arrive.
Some turtles leave oceans.
Some turtles leave sea.
Some turtles leave water.
Some turtles live for centuries.
Some turtles live in Africa.
Some turtles live in aquaria.
Some turtles live in Connecticut.
Some turtles live in counties.
Some turtles live in environments.
Some turtles live in Florida.
Some turtles live in gardens.
Some turtles live in Hawaii.
Some turtles live in houses.
Some turtles live in Illinois.
Some turtles live in islands.
Some turtles live in lagoons.
Some turtles live in lakes.
Some turtles live in marsh.
Some turtles live in Mexico.
Some turtles live in Oman.
Some turtles live in sea.
Some turtles live in vegetation.
Some turtles live in weeds.
Some turtles live on beaches.
Some turtles live on ground.
Some turtles live on land while other turtles live in the sea.
Some turtles live only in water, some live both on land and in water.
Some turtles live only on land, but others spend almost their entire life in the sea.
Some turtles live to ages.
Some turtles live where it is warm all the time.
Some turtles look like fins.
Some turtles lose flippers.
Some turtles lose salt.
Some turtles migrate to beaches.
Some turtles migrate to habitats.
Some turtles migrate to ponds.
Some turtles occur in Africa.
Some turtles occur in bays.
Some turtles occur in Connecticut.
Some turtles occur in gulfs.
Some turtles occur in nests.
Some turtles occur in worlds.
Some turtles play in oceans.
Some turtles play in surf.
Some turtles possess eggs.
Some turtles possess enemies.
Some turtles prefer beaches.
Some turtles prefer patches.
Some turtles produce multiple growth zones per year.
Some turtles produce soluble urea.
Some turtles produce urea.
Some turtles reach maturity.
Some turtles reach sexual maturity.
Some turtles release eggs.
Some turtles release water.
Some turtles rely on cutaneous respiration from around the cloaca during underwater hibernation.
Some turtles rely on hard shells.
Some turtles rely on light.
Some turtles rely on shells.
Some turtles require beaches.
Some turtles require diets.
Some turtles require environments.
Some turtles require heat.
Some turtles require homes.
Some turtles require phosphorus.
Some turtles require ponds.
Some turtles require sunlight.
Some turtles rest on bottoms.
Some turtles return to aquaria.
Some turtles return to areas.
Some turtles return to coastal areas.
Some turtles return to ground.
Some turtles return to islands.
Some turtles return to nest sites.
Some turtles return to oceans.
Some turtles return to same nest sites.
Some turtles return to sites.
Some turtles return to streams.
Some turtles return to zones.
Some turtles seek mates.
Some turtles seek shelter.
Some turtles seize fish.
Some turtles share beaches.
Some turtles share long beaches.
Some turtles share mile beaches.
Some turtles share ponds.
Some turtles share sea.
Some turtles show departures.
Some turtles sit in districts.
Some turtles sit in nests.
Some turtles sit in ponds.
Some turtles sit in sand.
Some turtles sit in sea.
Some turtles sit in water.
Some turtles sit on logs.
Some turtles sit on stones.
Some turtles stand in rivers.
Some turtles stand in water.
Some turtles stay under water.
Some turtles steal food.
Some turtles survive extinction.
Some turtles survive several years.
Some turtles survive years.
Some turtles swallow jellyfish.
Some turtles swallow their food hole.
Some turtles swim in aquaria.
Some turtles swim in habitats.
Some turtles swim in tanks.
Some turtles thrive in environments.
Some turtles transmit viruses.
Some turtles use claws.
Some turtles use the same nesting spot year after year.
Some turtles use urea.
Some turtles ventilate their cloaca and exchange gases over the surface of special cloacal bursae.
Some turtles visit bays.
Some turtles visit gardens.
Some turtles visit reefs.
Some turtles wash up on beaches.
Some turtles weigh lbs.
Some turtles weigh pounds.
A turtlehead is a hydrophytic plant
Turtlehead does well along a stream or pond, in a perennial bed, or in a wild garden.
Turtlehead has dark green foliage and a dense, upright growth habit.
Turtleheads add vertical form and late summer color in moist, shady gardens.
A turtleneck is a sweater
A turtleneck is a tee shirt
Turtlenecks are acceptable.
Turtlenecks are appropriate for both casual and formal events.
Turtlenecks are casual attire.
Turtlenecks are in wool.
Turtlenecks are jerseys.
Turtlenecks are permissible.
Turtlenecks are sweaters with a high, tubular collar.
Turtlenecks are sweaters.
Most turtles shells are dull green, black or brown.
Tuscan beans are wonderfully versatile.
Tuscan braid is used for elaborate sport and lingerie hats.
Tuscan bread has no salt or butter .
Tuscan bread has no salt or butter.
Tuscan bread is provided for dunking.
Tuscan design is now the prevalent theme.
Tuscan food is hearty, with emphasis on olive oil, tomatoes, and meats.
Tuscan hills feature old vineyards and stays in farmhouses and villas.
Tuscan kale has deep green, almost black leaves.
Tuscan oil has a distinct green color and a fruity flavor with hints of aromatic herbs.
Tuscan orders line the walls.
Tuscan winemakers have a host of resources at their disposal for making wines today.
Tush tag is the same.
Tushes are a slightly different composition than tusks.
A tusk is a tooth
Tusk isa tooth.
Tusks are actually elongated teeth.
Tusks are actually giant incisor teeth, which grow throughout the elephant's life.
Tusks are actually long teeth.
Tusks are actually teeth that grow through their skin.
Tusks are also useful to walruses for feeding.
Tusks are an elephant's incisor teeth and are the only incisors an elephant has.
Tusks are elongated and grow throughout the lifetime.
Tusks are enlarged lower and upper canines in males.
Tusks are exceptional and to be avoided when at close quarters.
Tusks are extremely useful, multipurpose instruments.
Tusks are ivory.
Tusks are large  teeth coming out of their upper jaws.
Tusks are large teeth coming out of their upper jaws .
Tusks are like really long pointy teeth that stick out from the upper jaw.
Tusks are long teeth made of ivory.
Tusks are made of ivory .
Tusks are made of ivory, which is an incredibly dense form of bone.
Tusks are made of ivory.
Tusks are occasionally also present in older females.
Tusks are part of elephants.
Tusks are part of wild boars.
Tusks are simply large teeth that protrude outside an animal's mouth.
Tusks are the horns that grow out of the sides of the mouth.
Tusks are the upper incisor teeth and have been known to grow to lengths of two or three meters.
Tusks are tooths.
Tusks are used as digging tools, weapons and for displays.
Tusks can grow up to ten feet long.
Tusks continue growing for most of the elephants life.
Tusks grow continuously.
Tusks grow for most of an elephant's lifetime and are an indicator of age.
Tusks grow from the upper and lower jaws, also larger in males.
Tusks grow throughout life.
Tusks grow throughout lifetimes.
Tusks grow up to seven inches a year and continue growing throughout the elephants' lifetime.
Tusks have (part) bone cells.
Tusks have (part) cell membranes.
Tusks have (part) corpi.
Tusks have (part) cytoplasm.
Tusks have (part) enamel.
Tusks have (part) ground substances.
Tusks have (part) marrow.
Tusks have (part) mast cells.
Tusks have (part) nuclei.
Tusks have (part) plasma membranes.
Tusks have (part) pulp cavities.
Tusks have (part) root canals.
Tusks have (part) sections.
Tusks have (part) tooth roots.
Tusks have (part) vacuoles.
Tusks inflict fatal wounds.
Tusks inflict wounds.
Tusks never stop growing.
Tusks offers casual dining at affordable prices.
Tusks probably play a role in breeding competition.
Tusks to grow throughout life.
Most tusks grow throughout life.
Most tusks grow throughout lifetimes.
Most tusks inflict fatal wounds.
Some tusks are part of boars.
Some tusks are part of elephants.
Some tusks are possessed by elephants.
Some tusks grow skulls.
Some tusks grow throughout lifespans.
Some tusks have axes.
Some tusks help walruses.
Some tusks look like horns.
Some tusks provide information.
Some tusks serve purposes.
A tusker is a mammal
Tuskers are boring.
Tuskless bulls are uncommon.
Tussah silk is a rough, durable, washable fabric known as shantung or pongee.
Tussah silk is similar to shantung, with silk from the wild.
Tussah silk is the most common type of wild silk.
Tustin leaders say they can only do so much for their neighbor.
Tustin soils are similar but the lower part of the solum contains more clay.
A tutee is a scholar
Tutees also work on their math homework.
Tutees are learners.
Tutees can develop some of the protective factors through the tutoring experience.
Tutees submit writing and artwork throughout the year.
TuTh hours are to be arranged.
Tutor groups consist of students who are in the same course and have the same instructor.
Many tutor groups find it useful to summarize the case at the beginning of each new group meeting.
A tutor is a teacher
Tutor attends lectures and meets with American students regularly to review and clarify material.
Tutor covers techniques, reading music and tunes.
Tutor critiques on assignments.
Tutor delivers boys to Medea , who has second thoughts.
Tutor focuses on reading and writing skills.
Tutor is liaison with professor.
Tutor provides each group with information one section at a time.
Tutor starts all year round.
Tutor strives to create custom web sites that are simple to use, informational, and well designed.
Tutor support an assessments are available to fit in with working patterns of the industry.
Tutor works with clients on reading, math, computer, and other skills.
Tutors access the on-line course at their convenience and participate in the interactive lessons.
Tutors act as academic mentors, coaching students to become independent learners.
Tutors advertise frequently on the Notice Boards around the Centre.
Tutors also act as friends and role models to the students.
Tutors also advise students individually.
Tutors also answer specific questions related to concepts.
Tutors also assist students find strategies for improving organization, grammar, and punctuation.
Tutors also assist with extra activitites that help promote family support.
Tutors also attend training workshops each subsequent semester on staff.
Tutors also conduct review sessions prior to exams.
Tutors also evaluate and provide feedback to students.
Tutors also get special training and attend meetings to talk with other volunteers.
Tutors also have expertise in the fields of educational research and curriculum development.
Tutors also have the opportunity to develop their skills, such as collaborative skills with the Web.
Tutors also have the possibility to take a seminar on tutoring in the spring of each year.
Tutors also help students find strategies for improving organization, grammar, and punctuation.
Tutors also help students with the mechanics of citation and documentation.
Tutors also help with lesson planning and child care.
Tutors also hold study sessions for interested students.
Tutors also learn to sequence their questioning in a particular way.
Tutors also listen sympathetically to student requests to change the subjects being studied.
Tutors also make substantial gains in the affective realm.
Tutors also provide in-community role modeling and help youth to link to educational opportunities.
Tutors also receive college credit for literacy training.
Tutors also receive formal training and educational workshops.
Tutors also receive ongoing, on-sight monitoring and instruction by project staff.
Tutors also seek families.
Tutors also serve as role models in the professional socialization process.
Tutors also show students how to count money and make combinations.
Tutors also take cuts in wages in order that the courses go ahead.
Tutors also work on developing student self-esteem.
Tutors answer questions and supplement what clients have experienced in the classroom.
Tutors answer specific pointed questions that students raise.
Tutors are able to answer questions, trouble shoot, and give basic computer help.
Tutors are able to provide assistance in understanding the course material and homework.
Tutors are accessible to learners for individual tutoring.
Tutors are adjunct faculty members in English.
Tutors are advance undergraduates who are exceptional in math, available for assistance.
Tutors are advanced students who have been recommended by the faculty.
Tutors are all practising artists who have excellent, well-tried teaching skills.
Tutors are almost always available during business hours.
Tutors are also able to assist with personal problems and advice on welfare issues.
Tutors are also able to give references over the telephone.
Tutors are also available at other hours which can be arranged by the student and tutor.
Tutors are also available by appointment.
Tutors are also available for consultation at various times during the week.
Tutors are also available for individual help with course work or software troubleshooting.
Tutors are also available for individualized help.
Tutors are also available in a variety of subjects.
Tutors are also available on-line via Internet chat.
Tutors are also available to facilitate small group study sessions.
Tutors are also available to participants if needed.
Tutors are also available to teach English as a second language.
Tutors are also available weekly in the hall for support.
Tutors are also on board about twenty hours a week.
Tutors are also responsible for calling students to set up all meeting times for tutoring .
Tutors are also responsible for marking and returning the students assessed practical exercises.
Tutors are also the program's best ambassadors.
Tutors are always available in the building instead of having to go somewhere else to get help.
Tutors are always pleased to meet parents and discuss any issues relating to work or progress.
Tutors are always willing to provide help on an individual basis.
Tutors are available according to the schedule below.
Tutors are available across campus.
Tutors are available all the hours that the tutoring center is open.
Tutors are available and all instruction is free.
Tutors are available and assistance on extra projects is available.
Tutors are available as well.
Tutors are available at a variety of times and for a variety of subjects.
Tutors are available at each computer lab to help with computer skills as well as writing skills.
Tutors are available at no charge to critique draft assignments and provide various forms of help.
Tutors are available at no cost.
Tutors are available at Provider institution.
Tutors are available at set times and they help students on a first come, first served basis.
Tutors are available at the provider institution.
Tutors are available at the times listed below.
Tutors are available by appointment or on a drop-in basis.
Tutors are available by appointment.
Tutors are available daily.
Tutors are available during lab hours as posted below during the fall and spring semesters.
Tutors are available during scheduled hours to assist students.
Tutors are available during study hall hours.
Tutors are available each semester for most subject areas.
Tutors are available every day through the semester to assist students with their specific tasks.
Tutors are available for a wide range of courses.
Tutors are available for all classes listed to the right, as well as many other classes.
Tutors are available for ALL courses listed during ALL times.
Tutors are available for any course.
Tutors are available for any student-athlete.
Tutors are available for chemistry, English, mathematics, and physics.
Tutors are available for core courses at no cost to the student.
Tutors are available for courses in most academic disciplines.
Tutors are available for elementary, secondary, and college levels.
Tutors are available for help.
Tutors are available for hire .
Tutors are available for many classes, especially introductory level courses.
Tutors are available for many courses on a regular basis.
Tutors are available for many courses.
Tutors are available for many freshman and sophomore level classes.
Tutors are available for many subject areas.
Tutors are available for most classes.
Tutors are available for most courses taught on campus.
Tutors are available for most courses.
Tutors are available for most freshman and sophomore level technical courses.
Tutors are available for most of the general education core courses.
Tutors are available for most undergraduate courses.
Tutors are available for private and group instruction and for study groups.
Tutors are available for selected courses.
Tutors are available for students who are having academic difficulties.
Tutors are available for university courses.
Tutors are available for walk-in assistance or by appointment.
Tutors are available free of charge and are often available during the evening.
Tutors are available free of charge for any student seeking extra help.
Tutors are available free of charge for core curriculum and basic studies courses.
Tutors are available free of charge.
Tutors are available in a number of subjects.
Tutors are available in a variety of subjects and tutoring is FREE to all students.
Tutors are available in a variety of subjects.
Tutors are available in all subject areas.
Tutors are available in all subjects.
Tutors are available in many subjects.
Tutors are available in most subjects.
Tutors are available in nearly all academic subjects at no charge.
Tutors are available in selected cases.
Tutors are available in the math lab.
Tutors are available in the undergraduate laboratories to help students with programming problems.
Tutors are available in writing, basic math and science, and other subjects.
Tutors are available most hours of the day and evening to help students with individual problems.
Tutors are available on a limited basis through other units.
Tutors are available on an individual, small group, and walk-in basis.
Tutors are available online throughout the week.
Tutors are available through a number of avenues.
Tutors are available through the individual departments.
Tutors are available through various academic departments.
Tutors are available throughout the day.
Tutors are available to all students who want to improve their grades.
Tutors are available to answer queries and check progress.
Tutors are available to answer questions and provide personalized feedback on students' work.
Tutors are available to answer questions.
Tutors are available to answer specific questions for math courses.
Tutors are available to answer student questions and provide guidance.
Tutors are available to assist customers with academic preparation.
Tutors are available to assist in any subject area, and a computer lab is on site.
Tutors are available to assist students in all levels of lower division math.
Tutors are available to assist students with assignments.
Tutors are available to assist students with math assignments and answer math-related questions.
Tutors are available to assist students writing problems.
Tutors are available to assist the groups as they work.
Tutors are available to assist with homework.
Tutors are available to facilitate small-group study sessions in addition to individual tutoring.
Tutors are available to facilitate understanding.
Tutors are available to give feedback on writing or to answer questions.
Tutors are available to help students with their homework.
Tutors are available to help students with their work in the lab.
Tutors are available to help students.
Tutors are available to help with computer questions.
Tutors are available to help with math and statistics problems.
Tutors are available to help with most lower-division undergraduate mathematics courses.
Tutors are available to meet the needs of the faculty member, such as review sessions before a test.
Tutors are available to meet with students and offer help in all stages of the writing process.
Tutors are available to provide additional or special instruction.
Tutors are available to provide remedial instruction in all subject areas.
Tutors are available to work with each child on and individual basis.
Tutors are available to work with students individually.
Tutors are available two hours per weel.
Tutors are available, but it is far more effective to recruit a study buddy.
Tutors are available.
Tutors are both peer mentors and graduate professionals.
Tutors are certainly members of staff well worth knowing.
Tutors are certified teachers who complete an extensive program of professional development.
Tutors are college students.
Tutors are committed to helping students become more effective writers and learners.
Tutors are competent in a variety of subjects.
Tutors are eager to help students achieve their academic goals.
Tutors are eligible for participation.
Tutors are enthusiastic and reliable, but accidents, illness and natural disasters happen.
Tutors are essentially volunteers, with particular expertise.
Tutors are facilitators, coaches.
Tutors are faculty recommended in their specific majors.
Tutors are faculty, cadets, and a graduate student.
Tutors are familiar with the general and specific learning objectives of the module.
Tutors are flexible enough to work around a busy person's schedule.
Tutors are free of financial charges for student-athletes.
Tutors are free of financial charges.
Tutors are friendly, supportive and encouraging.
Tutors are from a variety of cultural backgrounds and many are fluent in other languages.
Tutors are generally free to set their own work schedule.
Tutors are graduate assistants familiar with the materials and demands of the courses.
Tutors are graduate teaching assistants and professors.
Tutors are graduate teaching assistants.
Tutors are highly qualified students who have been recommended by the faculty.
Tutors are highly qualified upper-division and graduate students.
Tutors are in constant demandby undergraduates.
Tutors are instructors.
Tutors are junior, senior and graduate students who have been recommended by their professors.
Tutors are most effective and successful when they are trained and well coordinated.
Tutors are much more personable.
Tutors are neither plentiful nor cheap.
Tutors are often available in real-time.
Tutors are often hard to find later on in the semester.
Tutors are on duty at all hours.
Tutors are on file for many undergraduate courses.
Tutors are on hand to assist with queries.
Tutors are on hand to assist.
Tutors are ops in the channel along with the teacher.
Tutors are part time and paid hourly by the university.
Tutors are peers who are trained and referred by academic departments.
Tutors are present to comment and help.
Tutors are primarily responsible for conducting regular drill sessions.
Tutors are professional writers and teachers with graduate degrees in English.
Tutors are professional writers.
Tutors are proficient in the content area of their tutoring responsibilities.
Tutors are qualified and endorsed by academic departments.
Tutors are qualified native speakers.
Tutors are quite expensive.
Tutors are ready at all times to assist students at no cost.
Tutors are ready to help and there is no charge to the student.
Tutors are relatively easy to spot.
Tutors are responsible for attending all training and orientation sessions.
Tutors are responsible for being on time and prepared.
Tutors are responsible for being prepared to discuss material.
Tutors are responsible for observing and interpreting the students' body language.
Tutors are responsible for their own lesson plans.
Tutors are second and third year law students.
Tutors are second year students who have successfully completed the course.
Tutors are skilled and enthusiastic.
Tutors are specialist staff from research establishments, higher education, business and industry.
Tutors are students chosen by the department.
Tutors are students specially selected by faculty members to work in the centers.
Tutors are students too.
Tutors are students who are successful learners.
Tutors are students who have been recommended by the departments for which they tutor.
Tutors are students who have demonstrated competence in a specific course.
Tutors are students with expertise in a particular field.
Tutors are subject to availability and change without notification.
Tutors are the ones on the front line with the students.
Tutors are the students' advocates.
Tutors are to act as role models.
Tutors are to keep written records of tutoring sessions.
Tutors are to maintain a professional attitude in dealing with tutees.
Tutors are to report in and out with the study hall monitor.
Tutors are trained peers.
Tutors are upper division students, many of whom plan to become teachers.
Tutors are upper-class students who have excelled in the subjects they tutor.
Tutors are upper-grade students, secondary students and adults.
Tutors are usually available for most courses.
Tutors are usually fifth graders, but some schools have used fourth graders.
Tutors are usually students who have excelled in the subject.
Tutors are usually university students who plan to teach English overseas.
Tutors are usually upper division or graduate students.
Tutors are usually upperclassmen who are obtaining a major in the particular field of study.
Tutors are very busy people, often with dozens of appointments and meetings to keep track of.
Tutors are very flexible in the kind of assistance they can give.
Tutors are very knowledgeable in their subjects.
Tutors are very much a 'mixed bag', some are good and some a really crap.
Tutors are very much on their own when they are at work.
Tutors are very nice people.
Tutors are volunteers from the community who are patient and flexible.
Tutors are volunteers trained to help others learn to improve reading skills.
Tutors are volunteers who devote their time and literacy skills to help people reach their goals.
Tutors are volunteers.
Tutors are welcome as well.
Tutors are welcome to attend.
Tutors are well qualified, fully committed to the programmes and, above all, supportive of students.
Tutors are Western students who are eager to listen, offer support and provide help.
Tutors are willing to consider other times in order to accommodate the needs of the students.
Tutors arrange a schedule with the school supervisor around their class schedule.
Tutors arrange for a place and time for their students to take the test with another tutor.
Tutors ask and listen.
Tutors assist children in grades pre-K through the third grade.
Tutors assist on the playground, computer lab, library, and resource room.
Tutors assist students by explaining concepts, answering questions, and working sample problems.
Tutors assist students with lecture and lab problems in a lab setting.
Tutors assist the student-athletes in classroom like sessions.
Tutors assist with remedial to advanced levels of writing in all fields.
Tutors assist with study techniques and learning strategies, as well as course content.
Tutors attend lectures, and tutor individuals and small groups.
Tutors attend staff meetings at the schools in which they work.
Tutors attend support sessions with their team, lead by a reading coach.
Tutors attend the three parts of the training before beginning their tutoring.
Tutors become more mature and more sympathetic toward youngsters perspectives.
Tutors begin helping students to improve basic skills in reading, math and English.
Tutors benefit academically from the time spent reviewing and practicing material with their tutees.
Tutors can access the account either from home or from the writing lab.
Tutors can access the results to read off marks or to get detailed reports.
Tutors can adapt the writing workshop approach used by many teachers in the primary grades.
Tutors can also be very helpful in learning how to study.
Tutors can also help students read the texts for assignments.
Tutors can also help with the conceptualization of the paper and with organization and unity.
Tutors can also initiate a new topic.
Tutors can also review a previously graded assignment to help students improve future performance.
Tutors can also teach students how to use memorization techniques .
Tutors can also teach students how to use memorization techniques.
Tutors can also tutor in more than one subject area.
Tutors can also view their students' portfolios and store comments against particular work items.
Tutors can assist with remedial to advanced levels of writing in all fields.
Tutors can choose a variety of formats in which to work.
Tutors can choose and view educational articles, reviews, news, statistics, etc.
Tutors can choose to use any lesson at any time.
Tutors can combine notebooks with other media.
Tutors can create custom spelling lists.
Tutors can create tests for their students to take online.
Tutors can directly interact with the user's desktop and provide the required training.
Tutors can discuss sessions only if the student client has waived confidentiality.
Tutors can get defensive too.
Tutors can help children experience writing as an ongoing process that evolves over time.
Tutors can help children learn to use decoding strategies to figure out new words.
Tutors can help many people understand math, science and social studies.
Tutors can help students to get started with a writing assignment and to revise a paper.
Tutors can help their students to make such a distinction.
Tutors can help with varying subjects from computers to foreign languages.
Tutors can make a big difference to a student s learning success.
Tutors can perform a valuable service when they assist students to figure out answers by themselves.
Tutors can register in nonacademic subjects and skills, as well as traditional subjects.
Tutors can review a previously graded assignment to help students improve future performance.
Tutors can review the hints and solutions before presenting a problem to students.
Tutors can serve from one hour to eight hours per week.
Tutors can set the hours that they tutor.
Tutors can specify which modules are required to provide the necessary foundation for the course.
Tutors can tailor teaching to the student s needs.
Tutors can teach children how to make meaning in what they read.
Tutors can teach classes varying from how to fix cars, to foreign languages.
Tutors can view information about individual students.
Tutors can volunteer weekdays, evenings or Saturdays.
Tutors can work on a short-term basis and in any area.
Tutors cite many benefits for the children they visit.
Tutors come before or after work and in the midst of their college schedule.
Tutors come from area high schools and the community.
Tutors come from the English and other departments on campus.
Tutors come right to the hall and help students with questions and homework.
Tutors come to the building on a regular basis.
Tutors commit one night per week to help the child, to whom they are assigned, in their studies.
Tutors commit to between three to six hours weekly.
Tutors commit to one hour a week with a student and have on-going training at a monthly meeting.
Tutors commit to teaching one adult student for at least six months, four hours each week.
Tutors complete a day-long workshop before being matched up to an adult learner.
Tutors complete bi-weekly progress logs to provide feedback to project coordinators.
Tutors complete faculty reports describing what was covered during tutoring sessions.
Tutors complete training each semester and are certified at regular, advanced and master levels.
Tutors conduct review sessions prior to mid-terms and final exams.
Tutors conduct small focussed discussions with students.
Tutors confer with the student's teacher and, in many cases, become friends with their tutees.
Tutors consistently report that the experience is a positive one. . .
Tutors contact the student-athletes to arrange a mutually convenient time to meet.
Tutors cost money but they are often more than worth the extra cost.
Tutors covering a wide range of subjects are available for extra assistance.
Tutors critique it.
Tutors customarily work five to ten hours per week, with all varieties and stages of writing.
Tutors decide how much time they can commit each semester.
Tutors demonstrate effective writing across disciplines.
Tutors derive benefits from the program, as well.
Tutors design curriculum to meet the individual needs of learners.
Tutors develop an expanded vision of life.
Tutors develop personal connections.
Tutors discuss grammar only when it affects meaning.
Tutors do their best to offer advice on gaining funding for the module.
Tutors do their utmost to ensure that no student's Cambridge degree is at risk for lack of funds.
Tutors donate two hours every other week for two months.
Tutors earn better grades.
Tutors enhance learners' confidence in themselves as their knowledge and skills increase.
Tutors enjoy helping a child succeed.
Tutors enjoy talking to other students and learning about different classes and writing assignments.
Tutors enjoy teaching and helping others.
Tutors enjoy the opportunity to practice their teaching skills with a motivated learner.
Tutors enjoy the satisfaction of working with motivated learners, at convenient times and locations.
Tutors establish new relationships.
Tutors face many challenges and obstacles.
Tutors facilitate group work and provide both academic content and pastoral care.
Tutors facilitate the learning process and build an equal partnership with the learner.
Tutors feel better about school.
Tutors fill out weekly notes on their students to track progress.
Tutors focus on English language skills as well as material covered in content-area courses.
Tutors gain valuable skills, build resumes, meet new people and connect with their communities.
Tutors give individual remedial instruction, and readers grade papers and exams.
Tutors grow in math skill and understanding as they assist others.
Tutors guide students through course material, which students study at home in their own time.
Tutors guide the formation of the student's Plan of Study.
Tutors guide their choices.
Tutors have a lot of guess work to do.
Tutors have access only to the records of their own tutees.
Tutors have an excellent opportunity to try new software and to experiment with existing programs.
Tutors have both day and evening hours.
Tutors have choice of working with children, teens, or adults.
Tutors have disks available and can introduce students to writing on the computer.
Tutors have more time to think over their response.
Tutors have ongoing training and meet periodically to evaluate and reflect.
Tutors have the option of earning course credit.
Tutors have the option of tutoring one student at a time or a group of students.
Tutors have three business days to review and make written comments on each hard copy.
Tutors have varied industrial and academic experience.
Tutors help adult learners to read, write, improve their mathematics skills or learn English.
Tutors help adults with reading, writing, math, social studies and science.
Tutors help clients acquire literacy skills as they learn to live a clean and sober life.
Tutors help fellow students develop effective strategies for coping with ongoing course assignments.
Tutors help promote literacy in the home, thus breaking the cycle of illiteracy.
Tutors help strengthen reading skills with games, reading, and activities.
Tutors help students acquire basic vocabulary and textual skills.
Tutors help students learn in the tutorial setting.
Tutors help students understand, express, and apply course concepts.
Tutors help students with problem solving, understanding concepts, and exam preparation.
Tutors help students with varied academic goals and with learning effective study skills.
Tutors help the children with their homework, and encourage extra reading, writing and math.
Tutors help their clients with basic math and reading skills.
Tutors help to clarify points from lectures, labs, discussion or assigned readings.
Tutors help to clarify points from lectures, labs, discussions or assigned readings.
Tutors hold regular one-hour tutorial classes in their subjects.
Tutors informally assess the progress of their students.
Tutors involved in the program enjoy the benefits of working with self-selected, motivated adults.
Tutors know to use that list for referral purposes.
Tutors learn a specific method and tutor-student pairs are carefully matched.
Tutors learn different ways to help a child who is having difficulty with reading.
Tutors learn dramatic reading techniques and how to make and use learning games.
Tutors learn much about reading instruction as they assess, set goals and deliver instruction.
Tutors learn the complexities of urban public schooling.
Tutors lecture less and encourage active student participation in course content and presentation.
Tutors lend support and practice during evening classes under a teacher's supervision.
Tutors liase carefully with teachers and parents to ensure effective progress.
Tutors look at a number of pieces of information when they are assessing candidates.
Tutors make a difference.
Tutors make house calls.
Tutors make some appointment hours available weekly that fit their schedules.
Tutors make their own hours and are flexible.
Tutors mark assignments and give support and advice throughout the course.
Tutors mark written assignments and provide valuable feedback.
Tutors meet at least weekly with students who choose to participate.
Tutors meet for ongoing training throughout the semester.
Tutors meet frequently and keep minutes of their meetings.
Tutors meet regularly as a group with a local professional for support to learn teaching strategies.
Tutors meet regularly with classroom teachers to design tutoring plans for students.
Tutors meet weekly with students in small group session.
Tutors meet with children on an as needed basis.
Tutors meet with learners twice a week for an hour each time.
Tutors meet with students at least once a week for one hour.
Tutors meet with students each week for one hour.
Tutors meet with students in weekly small group sessions, each week, all quarter.
Tutors meet with students once a week and help with speaking, listening, reading and writing.
Tutors meet with students privately or in small groups on a weekly basis.
Tutors meet with the family in the home every other week for ten weeks.
Tutors meet with their assigned students twice a week for and hour each time.
Tutors meet with their peers on a weekly basis.
Tutors move from student to student in an open style atmosphere.
Tutors never do classwork for students.
Tutors never grade individual exercises and final writing assignments.
Tutors now have more quality time to spend on students.
Tutors offer help in a variety of ways.
Tutors offer individual help with all academic writing.
Tutors offer students individual attention something in short supply in crowded classrooms.
Tutors offer students instruction in research methods, documentation, and composition skills.
Tutors offer their assistance with all aspects of the writing process.
Tutors operate from the UK, China, India and Kenya.
Tutors operate independently, allowing the widest variety of pricing and hours available.
Tutors oversee their academic and social wellbeing and are accessible throughout the year.
Tutors participate in a training program designed specifically for their needs.
Tutors participate in orientation and weekly training sessions.
Tutors participate in training and attend monthly meetings with the tutor coordinator.
Tutors participate one day a week.
Tutors pay for their advertisement on our site.
Tutors pay only when there are tutees.
Tutors provide a short biography, a qualifications list, and a suggested hourly rate.
Tutors provide academic help within their area of expertise.
Tutors provide additional instruction and practice.
Tutors provide assessments of tutorial performance to students following each case.
Tutors Provide assistance to students in various subjects.
Tutors provide assistance with writing at any stage, from initial notes to final drafts.
Tutors provide critical guidance and advice to students individually throughout the semester.
Tutors provide educational services and child care.
Tutors provide feedback to teachers on their tutoring experiences.
Tutors provide human-contact and support.
Tutors provide individual and group study sessions.
Tutors provide individual assistance in one or more designated disciplines.
Tutors provide individualized instruction based on each student's needs and goals.
Tutors provide instruction in basic reading, writing, spelling and math.
Tutors provide more history, physical exam findings, labs, etc.
Tutors provide students with set-up instructions and ongoing support.
Tutors provide support for the mission's recovery program clients.
Tutors provide their own transportation.
Tutors provide tutorial assistance to individuals or small groups during designated study hours.
Tutors readily agree that they learn as much they teach.
Tutors receive a stipend for the tutoring that they do.
Tutors receive additional training each semester in workshops conducted by the professional staff.
Tutors receive an educational stipend along with an hourly wage for tutoring time.
Tutors receive an hourly honorarium for their services.
Tutors receive an hourly wage and generally find tutoring to be an excellent learning experience.
Tutors receive an orientation at individual schools by the tutor coordinator.
Tutors receive an orientation, training, and continuing education.
Tutors receive bi-weekly checks.
Tutors receive cases about a week before students during special review sessions.
Tutors receive extensive instruction and training in tutoring before being assigned a client.
Tutors receive formal and informal in-service training throughout the year.
Tutors receive ongoing guidance from the Literacy Coordinator.
Tutors receive ongoing training from tutor coordinators in effective tutoring skills.
Tutors receive salary adjustments each semester based on their performance evaluations.
Tutors receive their courses free.
Tutors receive training in methods that help students learn.
Tutors receive tuition scholarships and an hourly wage.
Tutors receive wages that are more than regular work-study wages.
Tutors recognize the limitations on their jobs.
Tutors regularly conduct conversation classes in Spanish, French, German, and Russian.
Tutors regularly join students for meals.
Tutors reinforce classroom instruction and allow time for practice to identify problem areas.
Tutors reply with comments and suggestions for improvement.
Tutors report that they acquire skills that are useful even after college.
Tutors represent expertise across all academic disciplines.
Tutors require either tests or essays, sometimes both.
Tutors review the students classroom work and correct their written and spoken language.
Tutors say things are going well.
Tutors schedule their own hours.
Tutors see students by appointments which are scheduled at half-hour intervals.
Tutors see their pupils socially at regular intervals, and are available at any time if needed.
Tutors select the school and time they want to tutor.
Tutors send an assignment and a schedule of due dates.
Tutors send lessons to tutees at their convenience.
Tutors serve a minimum of three hours per week at an assigned site according to their preference.
Tutors serve as role models for academic success.
Tutors serve as role models to at-risk youth while helping students improve their math skills.
Tutors serve as role models to youth while helping students improve their reading skills.
Tutors serve from one to four students daily.
Tutors serve more than one child.
Tutors serve one or more children each week.
Tutors show up for school.
Tutors sign an agreement of commitment.
Tutors spend only a short amount of time with each student.
Tutors start work in the third week of the semester and stop at the end of the last week of classes.
Tutors stay in school.
Tutors stress the learning process itself and place an emphasis on the acquisition of study skills.
Tutors submit evaluation sheets for each contact with a student athlete.
Tutors support teachers in their attempts to foster literacy skills.
Tutors teach at adult education and various locations.
Tutors teach in the prison schools and work out a schedule with the school staff.
Tutors teach individually appropriate strategies which cross the disciplines.
Tutors teach Japanese by having casual conversations with foreigners face to face.
Tutors tells of their experiences working with adult learners.
Tutors then have an opportunity to practice what they have learned.
Tutors there are a mix of university staff and student volunteers.
Tutors there offer free, ungraded, non-credit tutorials.
Tutors thus enjoy the benefits of working with adults who are self-motivated.
Tutors travel once a week to a center in South Boston.
Tutors Tutoring for reading and math is available to all telecourse students on each campus.
Tutors undergo a rigorous selection process and receive extensive training.
Tutors undergo approximately two hours of orientation and four hours of training.
Tutors use past exams as guides to review fundamental principles introduced throughout the semester.
Tutors using pets as a springboard for developing language or reading is a great motivator.
Tutors volunteer at the library of their choice and arrange times to fit their schedule.
Tutors volunteer at their convenience.
Tutors volunteer in Eugene and Springfield schools.
Tutors volunteer to work every other week for two hours.
Tutors volunteer two to six hours per week each term.
Tutors wear a badge when they are on duty.
Tutors wearing name badges are available in a congenial, unthreatening environment.
Tutors work at one of seven nonprofit agencies with preschool and elementary school children.
Tutors work at seven local shelters.
Tutors work closely with instructor to learn more effective means of teaching.
Tutors work either in the classroom as teachers aides or in an after school homework center.
Tutors work in a partnership with students to improve their written work and general writing skills.
Tutors work in both rural and urban school districts.
Tutors work in close conjunction with instructors, but run their tutoring sessions independently.
Tutors work in public and private schools, and nonprofit organizations.
Tutors work in small groups and individually to meet the academic needs of each student athlete.
Tutors work in the classroom with the teacher, usually two hours a week.
Tutors work more closely with teachers.
Tutors work off-campus in public schools or community centers.
Tutors work on an assigned basis within their available hours.
Tutors work one hour a week, evenings.
Tutors work one on one with students under the supervision of the classroom teacher.
Tutors work six to ten hours a week on their own schedule.
Tutors work under the direct supervision of the teachers.
Tutors work up to twenty hours per week in the classroom during the school day.
Tutors work with children ranging from pre-school age to fifth grade.
Tutors work with elementary students in the public schools to improve their reading skills.
Tutors work with individual clients to meet their specific reading difficulties.
Tutors work with individual or small groups of children.
Tutors work with one or two children on devotions, homework, crafts, and academic games.
Tutors work with reading groups, provide one or one tutoring, and assist with classroom assigments.
Tutors work with small groups of students, and classmates who often work in the same tutoring group.
Tutors work with students in collaborative groups.
Tutors work with students individually and in small groups at mutually convenient times.
Tutors work with students individually or in groups.
Tutors work with students individually, in small groups, and in classrooms.
Tutors work with students on assignments from only that class.
Tutors work with students on homework assignments and practice reading and math skills.
Tutors work with students on improving specific skills such as spelling, math, and languages.
Tutors work with students on the process of writing from earliest brainstorming to final polishing.
Tutors work with students to improve their conversation, reading, and writing skills.
Tutors work with teachers to address each child's needs.
Tutors work with teenage learners on basic English, math social studies and science.
Tutors work with the children's and youths' teachers to tailor academic work to the students' needs.
Tutors work with the faculty and in turn academically assist the students.
Tutors work with the same student all year.
Tutors work with the same student throughout the semester.
Tutors work with the same student weekly throughout the year.
Tutors work with their assigned students about three hours per week.
Tutors work with their learner once or twice a week for at least six months.
Tutors work with their students for one hour after school, three to four days a week.
Tutors work with two children for an hour each, at the school site, in an after-school program.
Tutors write papers for players everywhere, but at Minnesota, it was systematic.
Tutors often comment how tutoring improves their own writing.
Tutors often work for the program for years, creating a sense of continuity and dedication.
Tutors usually are only accessible for general courses.
Tutors usually assist students in math, but tutors in science and other areas are also needed.
Tutors usually begin their training during their sophomore year.
Tutors usually call the morning before a session to check if any appointments have been scheduled.
Tutors usually can tutor several individuals at once.
Tutors usually help students better understand course material and make better grades.
Tutors usually meet for one hour per week.
Tutors usually meet with their students at the child s school two or three times a week.
Tutors usually receive a stipend to be determined according to specific arrangements.
Tutors usually work with one teacher and selected students.
Tutors usually work with the same inmate each week, which makes dedication and attendance essential.
All tutors are academically qualified and trained in tutoring skills.
All tutors are available to any student based on the tutors schedule and time available.
All tutors are community volunteers.
All tutors are either native or near-native speakers.
All tutors are highly qualified and experienced.
All tutors are human beings.
All tutors are in a position to hear information about a student's personal and academic life.
All tutors are on probation during their first semester of tutoring.
All tutors are professional mathematical specialists ready to assist students at any level.
All tutors are professionally trained teachers.
All tutors are state-certified with at least two years of classroom experience.
All tutors are students recruited by the center based upon faculty recommendations.
All tutors are students that have an advanced level of skill in a particular course.
All tutors are students.
All tutors are upperclass students who have been recommended by appropriate department chairs.
All tutors are volunteer undergraduate economics students.
All tutors are volunteers.
ALL tutors are welcome.
All tutors are well published writers.
All tutors are willing to work with writers on all levels.
All tutors complete a training program that focuses on both teaching and social awareness.
All Tutors conduct a few workshops during operating hours each semester.
All tutors cover lower-division courses.
All tutors go through extensive on-going training.
All tutors have a college degree and tutor in their degree area.
All tutors have a college degree or have teaching experience with learning disabled students.
All tutors have a maximum number of hours that can be reported per payperiod.
All tutors have at least two years experience editing.
All tutors have at least two years experience evaluating application essays.
All tutors have at least two years experience evaluating essays.
All tutors have experience teaching writing and evaluating application essays.
All tutors have relevant experience and at least ten hours of tutor training.
All tutors have relevant experience.
All tutors have student consultation hours at set times.
All tutors have training and experience in dealing with the special needs of international students.
All tutors have writing-intensive experience and are trained specifically for the Workshop.
All tutors hold a minimum of a bachelor's degree, and many have master's and doctorates.
All tutors post sign-up sheets with their available times.
All tutors receive intensive, on-going training.
All tutors receive training and are supervised by certified staff at the schools.
All tutors share an interest in working with others, and developing their own writing skills.
All tutors teach on in-sessional courses as well.
All tutors then attend the weekly practicum.
All tutors undergo a continuing staff development programme.
All tutors use common tutorial materials are.
All tutors working in the in-home program are trained volunteers.
Any tutor can refuse to read a paper if it is handwritten or illegible.
Every tutor is responsible for some type of documentation.
Every tutor needs back-up.
Many tutors are too qui to answer their own questions.
Many tutors choose to be involved in more than one format.
Many tutors feel so much anxiety that they are unable to effectively assist the student.
Many tutors form special bonds with the tutees.
Many tutors meet with kids on weekends and during the summer.
Many tutors object to the term 'drop-out' being applied to all students who fail to complete.
Many tutors tend to talk too much during a tutorial session.
Many tutors use a combination of lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Most tutors also have background in working with elementary level students.
Most tutors appreciate students' questions and contribution to the lesson.
Most tutors are eager to assist their students with obtaining proper credit and or placement.
Most tutors are graduate students in English who hold bachelor's degrees.
Most tutors are honors upperclassmen, graduate students, administrators or professors.
Most tutors are local volunteers.
Most tutors are native speakers of the language.
Most tutors are undergraduate students, usually psychology or education majors.
Most tutors can credit their success in school to their fine research skills.
Most tutors can help with math, English, and study skills.
Most tutors meet at least once a week with their students, and spend at least one hour per session.
Most tutors meet individually with students for approximately an hour twice a month.
Most tutors pick up a second child and tutor two children individually.
Most tutors provide reading lists.
Most tutors remain silent as long as the student is making good progress toward a solution.
Most tutors start at the beginning of the academic term.
Most tutors talk about how much they've learned.
Most tutors work for pay, some for academic credit and some volunteer.
Most tutors work two days a week.
Most tutors work with one child solely.
Some tutors also work with children at local community after-school programs.
Some tutors also work with individual students as well.
Some tutors are especially proficient in math, others in English, and some are excellent in both.
Some tutors are excellent specialists.
Some tutors are from the local schools, too.
Some tutors conduct small group tutorials within a similar schedule.
Some tutors explicitly speak against any twisting and uneven movements of the bellows.
Some tutors have degrees in the subject area, or are professionals in their fields.
Some tutors have optional accompanying audio tapes or CDs that can be most useful.
Some tutors have some time flexibility.
Some tutors serve more than one child at different times.
Some tutors suggest hanging the instrument from a cord around the neck.
Some tutors work in areas across section borders.
Some tutors work on a volunteer basis.
Some tutors work with ten or more students in a semester.
Tutored students receive marked, annotated exercises and model answers.
Tutorial activities overview is available here .
Tutorial activities provide additional help when needed.
Tutorial advice is given for overseas students.
Tutorial allocations begin.
Tutorial arrangements are unchanged.
Tutorial assistance can greatly improve time management and organizational skills.
Tutorial assistance is also available in a wide range of subject areas.
Tutorial assistance is also available in English, math, and other subjects.
Tutorial assistance is also available in various subjects.
Tutorial assistance is also available to project participants.
Tutorial assistance is available by telephone, email and a web-based discussion forum .
Tutorial assistance is available by telephone, email and via the web- based discussion forum.
Tutorial assistance is available for help with any necessary revision before possible publication.
Tutorial assistance is available for students, if they have a deficiency in a course.
Tutorial assistance is available in reading, writing and mathematics.
Tutorial assistance is available throughout the academic year.
Tutorial assistance is available to all students for some classes.
Tutorial assistance is available without charge to all medical students.
Tutorial assistance is available.
Tutorial assistance is limited to the school's ability to locate qualified tutors.
Tutorial assistance is offered to assure that students experience success in their academic classes.
Tutorial assistance is payable to reservists.
Tutorial assistance is provided for students in freshman and sophomore level mathematics courses.
Tutorial assistance is provided for students who experience particular difficulty in the classroom.
Tutorial assistance is provided to seniors on an individual basis.
Tutorial assistance is provided to students to reinforce and enhance their course work.
Tutorial assistance is provided upon request as needed.
Tutorial assistance is provided, materials furnished, and progress monitored by the instructor.
Tutorial assistance is provided.
Tutorial assistance provides support motivation, and encouragement students.
All tutorial assistance is at a basic level, clearly designed for first-time project managers.
Some tutorial assistance is available.
Tutorial attendance is compulsory, as is submission of work by the deadline set by the tutor.
Tutorial attendance is compulsory.
Tutorial attendance is limited.
Tutorial attendance is mandatory .
Tutorial attendance is mandatory.
Tutorial attendance is open to all meeting registrants at no extra charge.
Tutorial attendance is recorded.
Tutorial books are available in the lab for reference.
Tutorial CD installs all necessary software.
Tutorial class is almost same as the seminar in Japan.
Tutorial classes are limited to small groups, and meet once per week.
Tutorial courses are available for separate purchase.
Tutorial dates are subject to change.
Tutorial demo shows the obscure code needed. .
Tutorial descriptions are available here .
Tutorial documentation is also available.
Tutorial exercises are available on the web here .
Tutorial exercises facilitate skill development and concept assimilation.
Tutorial experience is a valuable contribution to CVs and professional learning.
Tutorial fee covers a set of tutorial notes.
Tutorial fee includes a copy of the course notes, continental breakfast and coffee breaks.
Tutorial fee includes tuition and study material only.
Tutorial fee includes tutorial notes, lunch and refreshments during breaks.
Tutorial files are all in a downloadable format.
Tutorial groups are never larger than three students.
Tutorial groups are small, allowing for considerable individual attention and active participation.
Tutorial groups meet on a weekly basis up until the start of the project.
Most tutorial groups are considerably smaller.
Tutorial help can pull a child through a rough spot academically.
Tutorial help is also available after an incorrect answer.
Tutorial help is also available for computer, mathematics, or other courses.
Tutorial help is also available.
Tutorial help is available in many subjects.
Tutorial help is made available for individualized or group support in understanding the material.
Tutorial help is provided for classes such as college algebra, statistics and calculus.
Tutorial homework is due at the beginning of the class.
Tutorial information is available at the site.
Tutorial information is available for common tasks.
Tutorial instruction is provided by Israeli faculty and professional experts.
Tutorial instruction is used extensively to develop the student's ability to solve problems.
Tutorial instructors are eligible for some reimbursement of expenses and a modest fee.
Tutorial language provides other ideas for the student.
Tutorial lesson explaining the template is forthcoming.
Tutorial lessons are lessons.
Tutorial lessons are self-paced, guided, and provide constructive feedback.
Tutorial lessons build on each other, steadily increasing in sophistication.
Tutorial letter is a booklet providing guidance to the students regarding their assignments.
Tutorial levels range from beginner to advanced.
Tutorial lists are available here.
Tutorial manuals tend to be longer and less useful as a reference guide.
Tutorial material is also available here .
Tutorial material is available.
Tutorial material is emphasised.
Tutorial methods ensure real learning, educational progress, and even accelerated advancement.
Tutorial mode instructs students on basic math facts.
Tutorial mode provides help with the game's interface and objective.
All tutorial pages are in HTML form.
Tutorial participants are welcome to stay for the workshop at no additional cost.
Tutorial programs are typically less expensive.
Tutorial programs can work with more flexible schedules.
Tutorial programs provide computer-assisted instruction in all basic skill subject areas.
Tutorial programs provide review and enrichment in math and science.
Tutorial programmes are available.
Tutorial proposals are due before papers.
All tutorial purchases come with full customer support by email.
Tutorial questions are to be completed before attending a tutorial.
Tutorial registration covers admission to the tutorials only.
Tutorial registration covers admission to the tutorials.
Tutorial registration includes the tutorial notes.
Tutorial registration includes tutorial materials, continental breakfast, lunch, and coffee breaks.
Tutorial registration is independent of conference registration.
Tutorial screens offer students on-line grammar explanations and paradigms.
Tutorial service is available for development and improvement of math skills.
Tutorial services are also available.
Tutorial services are also most valuable throughout the training of a health professional.
Tutorial services are available for a fee through a lab course.
Tutorial services are available to any student experiencing difficulty in a course.
Tutorial services are available to athletes at no cost.
Tutorial services are available.
Tutorial services are free of charge.
Tutorial services are free to all student-athletes.
Tutorial services are subject to availability of funds.
All tutorial services are free of charge and no appointment is necessary.
All tutorial services are free of charge.
Tutorial sessions assist students in remedying weaknesses in grammar, spelling, and punctuation.
Tutorial sessions function very well, especially for students working in pairs.
Tutorial sessions introduce relevant topics for engineers and scientists.
Tutorial sessions take place on a daily basis.
Most tutorial sessions meet at least once a week.
Tutorial software is available for many math classes.
Tutorial software is available for student use.
Tutorial software is operational.
Tutorial space is limited, therefore early registration is recommended.
Tutorial speakers have four obligations.
Tutorial style is helpful.
Tutorial style look at forces with sections on motion, stability, pressure and more.
Tutorial style makes the material easy to understand.
Tutorial success is gauged by the level of satisfaction achieved by the participants.
Tutorial support continues at stage three focussing on dissertation supervision.
Tutorial support is also available at additional cost.
Tutorial support is available throughout the course.
Tutorial support is given throughout.
Tutorial support is offered through videoconferencing.
Tutorial support is provided and assignments are marked with feedback to students.
Tutorial support is provided by means of telephone, fax and electronic mail.
Tutorial support is provided by telephone, fax and e-mail.
Tutorial support is provided in a small group setting.
Tutorial support is provided.
Tutorial support is usually available by fax or Internet.
Tutorial system is accomodated with voice support .
Tutorial system is supplemented with voice support very soon.
Tutorial text is strictly exam-related and flows with minimal interruption.
Tutorial topics can come from any area of cognitive science.
Tutorial topics range from practical guidelines and standards to academic issues and theory.
Tutorial training is available in equipment use, fieldwork methodologies, and editing.
Tutorial use includes expository learning, demonstration, and practice.
Tutorial videos are also available from the business school offices.
Tutorial videos are available for download at our web site.
Tutorial work forms an important part of the second year along with study of biological statistics.
A tutorial is a session
Tutorial builds from a basic skill level to an intermediate level.
Tutorial covers dirt and grime, quick cleaning, and deep cleaning.
Tutorial gives examples and insider details. .
Tutorial gives examples and insider details.
Tutorial isa auditory communication.
Tutorial leads to the pages that explain in more detail how imp is supposed to work.
Tutorial slides The slides version of the tutorial.
Tutorial takes about an hour.
Tutorial teaches how.
Tutorial teaches translating from English to Latin.
Tutorials acquaint the user with the basic concepts of mole cricket control.
Tutorials aim to develop students ability to learn biochemistry on their own and in small groups.
Tutorials allow for detailed analysis of sequences from the films shown during the unit.
Tutorials allow more flexibility.
Tutorials allow presenters to provide an in-depth look at specific human factors areas.
Tutorials also begin in the first week of the semester.
Tutorials also lack the human aspect of instruction and discussion.
Tutorials appear frequently.
Tutorials are a crucial element in the teaching programme of all three years.
Tutorials are about materials and Mapping using any software.
Tutorials are all by appointment through a computerised booking system.
Tutorials are all by appointment.
Tutorials are also a means of accelerating content.
Tutorials are also a very effective way of getting to know other students with similar interests.
Tutorials are also accessable from the page.
Tutorials are also available and are included in the price.
Tutorials are also available at our web site, and at periodic workshops presented for the public.
Tutorials are also available for landscape lighting .
Tutorials are also available, separately.
Tutorials are also available.
Tutorials are also divided up by quiz questions, so the use of section markers is optional.
Tutorials are an essential feature of the course.
Tutorials are an excellent way to get started developing web pages.
Tutorials are an informal venue for questions about lectures, and to discuss related issues.
Tutorials are an integral part of course structure and hence student attendance is compulsory.
Tutorials are an integral part of the unit.
Tutorials are another good way to learn.
Tutorials are available as usual, and their purpose remains unchanged.
Tutorials are available by appointment.
Tutorials are available for computer skills.
Tutorials are available for different subjects.
Tutorials are available for some mathematics classes.
Tutorials are available for some programs.
Tutorials are available for users to experiment with the software before implementing the system.
Tutorials are available in all the subjects listed below.
Tutorials are available in the microlab.
Tutorials are available on a variety of subjects and there are even lessons available for kids.
Tutorials are available on campus, or via telephone or Internet mediated contact.
Tutorials are available on how to use the stock market and how to pick good stocks.
Tutorials are available on the techniques behind Buxom and the use of Buxom .
Tutorials are available online.
Tutorials are available to assist faculty and staff with dial-in and other software questions.
Tutorials are available to first year graduate students.
Tutorials are available to members only and are priced without the membership fee.
Tutorials are available to train the true beginner.
Tutorials are available.
Tutorials are brief, instructional pieces on topics or issues of relevance.
Tutorials are by appointment during daytime, evening and occasional weekend hours.
Tutorials are by individual arrangement.
Tutorials are by-appointment during daytime, evening and occasional weekend hours.
Tutorials are compulsory for first-year students.
Tutorials are compulsory.
Tutorials are concise and very easy to understand.
Tutorials are constantly under revision.
Tutorials are currently available.
Tutorials are due on the day they are introduced or by the beginning of the following class.
Tutorials are easy to arrange for humanities or social science majors including Bible.
Tutorials are easy to follow through.
Tutorials are easy to use.
Tutorials are effective.
Tutorials are especially useful to give students practice with complex concepts.
Tutorials are explanations.
Tutorials are for the finite mathematics material only.
Tutorials are free, but do require registration.
Tutorials are good at introducing the features of a tool peppered with examples.
Tutorials are great as well.
Tutorials are groups of ten people.
Tutorials are important and so on.
Tutorials are improved by input from users.
Tutorials are in full swing in the mornings.
Tutorials are in graphic form so loading can be long on some topics.
Tutorials are linear presentations of concepts with questions interspersed.
Tutorials are longer sessions lasting up to four hours.
Tutorials are manuals.
Tutorials are meetings of usually two or three students with a tutor to discuss historical problems.
Tutorials are more sedate, and more substantial.
Tutorials are most often online, but are common in printed form as well.
Tutorials are now complete.
Tutorials are on both sides.
Tutorials are one hour in length and are conducted weekly.
Tutorials are ongoing.
Tutorials are open to conference registrants only.
Tutorials are open to the public and are free of charge.
Tutorials are optional.
Tutorials are perfect for one or two people.
Tutorials are popular.
Tutorials are possible in Sanskrit, Pali and Sinhala.
Tutorials are readily accessible as well as links to other resources.
Tutorials are self-paced programs.
Tutorials are sessions.
Tutorials are short lessons that are meant to support all of the projects.
Tutorials are short multimedia lessons on topics that interest all levels of educators.
Tutorials are small-group discussions.
Tutorials are somewhere on the track towards that.
Tutorials are term length projects designed by students with approval from participating faculty.
Tutorials are the wave of the future.
Tutorials are time intensive so please be patient.
Tutorials are to be submitted electronically via the web page, with the indication tutorial.
Tutorials are very useful and the help function is practical.
Tutorials are well written and easy to follow.
Tutorials are where concepts are discussed by students in a less formal setting.
Tutorials Ask at the Information Desk desk for details of tutorials.
Tutorials begin in second week of classes.
Tutorials begin in the first week of term.
Tutorials begin in the second week of semester.
Tutorials begin in week one and attendance is required.
Tutorials begin the second week of classes.
Tutorials Below are a few simple examples which show how to use Channels.
Tutorials can also be on an individual basis with a student discussing their work with a tutor.
Tutorials can be about any subject as long as it is computer related.
Tutorials can be at an introductory, intermediate, or advanced level.
Tutorials can be beginner level or very advanced depending on the topic and the intended audience.
Tutorials can be even more intimidating.
Tutorials can be fun too.
Tutorials can be group sessions or one on one.
Tutorials can be versions of existing courses only in the art department.
Tutorials Click on brief tutorials in the Scope paragraph.
Tutorials Click on one of the following to learn more about how to use PC-PLUS .
Tutorials comprise a variety of group and individual tasks, including preparation of moot arguments.
Tutorials concentrate on the development of problem-solving skills.
Tutorials contain concrete information along with many pictures and diagrams in the explanations.
Tutorials contain interactive lessons, special strategies, and quiz questions.
Tutorials contains links to online educational sites for the software used in the course.
Tutorials continue through all four years of the program.
Tutorials cover a wide variety of subjects pertaining to the field of anesthesiology.
Tutorials cover areas like group working and communciation skills.
Tutorials cover general searching, looking for specific company and industry information, and more.
Tutorials cover hands on advice on well elaborated themes .
Tutorials cover the rest of the fly tying world.
Tutorials cover the same material and have the same number of credits as regular course offerings.
Tutorials Discuss existing tutorials or suggest new tutorials here.
Tutorials emphasize different approaches, from overview to theory to methodology to how-to.
Tutorials emphasize methods used to reconstruct phylogenetic relationships.
Tutorials enroll between five and eight students.
Tutorials examine the application of the theory to practical examples.
Tutorials exist for designers at all levels.
Tutorials explain each section of the r sum and offer tips and suggestions.
Tutorials explain how to expand the existing package.
Tutorials explain the implementation and usage of some features.
Tutorials fill quickly.
Tutorials Find out how to make the most of the Internet.
Tutorials focus on case studies from different tropical regions and cultures.
Tutorials focus on introductory to moderate-level instruction for network operators.
Tutorials focus on skeletal and nonskeletal structures.
Tutorials follow principles of instructional design throughout.
Tutorials generally follow principles of instructional design.
Tutorials generally last half a day.
Tutorials Get help along the way by visiting sites that provide some tutorial assistance.
Tutorials give an opportunity for individual feedback.
Tutorials give general instruction or provide examples.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on breast cancer.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on cytopathology.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on diabetes mellitus.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on diseases of iron metabolism.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on firearm injuries.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on inflammatory bowel diseases.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on myocardial infarction.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on osteoporosis.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on prenatal diagnosis.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on prostate pathology.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on systemic lupus erythematosus.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on tuberculosis.
Tutorials Go to the tutorial on urinalysis.
Tutorials guide through complex statistical situations.
Tutorials have the great advantage that they are a very personal way of learning.
Tutorials Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Tutorials Help, how-to's, and articles that take an instructive approach to the topic.
Tutorials Here are some other nice tutorials on the internet.
Tutorials Here is a bunch of handy tutorials.
Tutorials Here is where everyone can learn from each other.
Tutorials Here lie assorted documents about FreeBSD and FreeBSD related software and hardware.
Tutorials instruct the user in concepts of chemical and biological mole cricket control.
Tutorials introduce many components of the development environment.
Tutorials involve discussions of classical and recent literature.
Tutorials involve much reading, careful writing, and the oral, reasoned defense of a position.
Tutorials is another search engine for online lessons and tutorials.
Tutorials lead students to an understanding of important mathematical concepts.
Tutorials Learn about tracert, ping, whois, uptime, telnet and more at our tutorials page.
Tutorials Learn more.
Tutorials Learn the basics of HTML and web design through our basic tutorials.
Tutorials let faculty and staff customize their training to suit their specific needs.
Tutorials list .
Tutorials Make use of the tutorials and online help provided with the software.
Tutorials meet as usual to concentrate on the final stages of essay preparation.
Tutorials meet early today.
Tutorials meet once a week for approximately two hours of discussion and analysis of readings.
Tutorials meet once a week for two hours.
Tutorials meet one hour per week.
Tutorials meet the needs of specific course assignments and orientations.
Tutorials meet three hours a week.
Tutorials meet weekly for ten weeks.
Tutorials meet weekly to discuss predetermined topics.
Tutorials move at a much slower pace.
Tutorials normally begin in either the second or third week of term.
Tutorials normally begin in the second week of semester.
Tutorials offer comfort, convenience, usefulness and immediate results.
Tutorials offer step by step explanation of how to create something specific.
Tutorials offer three academic credits.
Tutorials play two roles.
Tutorials preceding the actual tests provide instructions for taking the tests on the computer.
Tutorials prepare students for later parts of the problem or immediately following problems.
Tutorials presents a hands on approach.
Tutorials prevail, but there are also lectures-sometimes two per day.
Tutorials promote a close reading of a relatively small body of material.
Tutorials provide an opportunity to discuss problems and answer questions in a small group setting.
Tutorials provide examples and steps to follow.
Tutorials provide extra help in math, reading, spelling, composition and study skills.
Tutorials provide help with questions.
Tutorials provide knowledge about the software and an opportunity to develop fundamental skills.
Tutorials provide opportunities to develop confidence in expressing ideas, no matter how tentative.
Tutorials provide summaries.
Tutorials provide that needed bit of extra help.
Tutorials Provides instruction on how to use the various communication tools.
Tutorials Provides instruction on how to use the various resources.
Tutorials range from basic to advanced providing a little bit of something for everyone.
Tutorials range from introductory guide to more advanced database manipulation topics.
Tutorials require an additional registration fee.
Tutorials require little or no technical background.
Tutorials require oral presentations.
Tutorials See navbar on the right to navigate inside the tutorials.
Tutorials Show What To Listen For Experiment with the computer playing intervals or chords.
Tutorials start during the third week of classes and run for about ten weeks.
Tutorials start on day one.
Tutorials start on the second week of the semester and finish on the last week of teaching.
Tutorials start the first week of classes.
Tutorials Stay on top of the latest technology.
Tutorials supplement lectures in many courses.
Tutorials teach users how to navigate and operate the technology of the course.
Tutorials tend to be chatty, spread out and best worked through cover to cover.
Tutorials total eight hours per week.
Tutorials Try the interactive tutorials.
Tutorials try to stimulate clear thinking by solving problems.
Tutorials use computer simulations and problem sets.
Tutorials Write a small thermodynamic database using data from the literature.
Tutorials usually cater to junior high and high school students.
All tutorials are at the anonymous ftp site as described above.
All tutorials are different.
All tutorials are easy to follow with clear screenshots and easy to understand steps.
All tutorials are executable files.
All tutorials are free unless otherwise noted.
All tutorials are free.
All tutorials are full.
All tutorials are full-day.
All tutorials are half-day.
All tutorials are interactive.
All tutorials are one hour long.
All tutorials are well planned and easy to follow.
All tutorials featured here overlap to some degree in their coverage of topics.
All tutorials link to instructions for obtaining and installing the software.
All tutorials provide the basics of accessing serial based devices using the corresponding software.
Every tutorial contains simple instructions on how to unsubscribe quickly and easily.
Many tutorials also sound like they'd be a lot of fun.
Many tutorials are also available as downloadable versions.
Many tutorials are also available in the computer lab.
Many tutorials are appropriate for novices.
Many tutorials are available on the internet.
Many Tutorials are here.
Many tutorials are just a kit that the student assembles.
Many tutorials exist on the Web in addition to the assigned text.
Many tutorials permit students to learn at an individualized rate.
More tutorials are available.
More tutorials are on the way too so stay tuned.
More tutorials are under construction.
Most tutorials are at the beginning level but there are also many advanced tutorials too.
Most tutorials are available as downloadable .PDF's for easy reading, searching and printing.
Most tutorials are games.
Most tutorials feature hands-on training.
Most tutorials provide summaries.
Some tutorials also provide troubleshooting tips.
Some tutorials are already available on the left.
Some tutorials are fee-based as outlined on the workshop and tutorial page.
Some tutorials provide descriptions.
Some tutorials show words in Hebrew and ask for the English translation.
Tutorings are teaching.
Tuvalu isa thing.
Tuvaluan society is egalitarian, democratic, and respectful of human rights.
Tuvinian folklore is like another spring of reviving water.
Tuweep soils have pyroclastic material and have skeletal material in the lower part.
A tux is a dress
Tuxes are rarer than in most U.S. houses.
Some tux logos original to the site.
A tuxedo is a dress
Tuxedo also adds public-key encryption, so that encrypted transactions can be handled seamlessly.
Tuxedo is in Orange County, north of New York City.
Tuxedo is the middle tier.
Tuxedo pick up and delivery from downtown hotels is available.
Tuxedos are a rare find on formal nights with most men opting for dark suits.
Tuxedos are also available for purchase.
Tuxedos are also available for the formal occasion.
Tuxedos are also available.
Tuxedos are attire.
Tuxedos are available for men.
Tuxedos are available in all sizes, fabrics, and styles for men and boys.
Tuxedos are available on rent on-board the ship.
Tuxedos are films.
Tuxedos are formal wear.
Tuxedos are just male torture devices.
Tuxedos are located in operas.
Tuxedos are our standard attire.
Tuxedos are suits.
Tuxedos give an air of elegance to the whole affair, much more so than a regular suit and tie.
Tuxedos have a smooth rounded lapel.
Tuxedos usually come with jacket, shirt, pants, tie and cummerbund or vest.
All tuxedos come complete with jacket, pants, shirt, shoes, bow tie, cummerbund, studs and links.
Tuxedoes also are available for purchase or rent.
TV ads are great for promoting an image, though.
TV ads can deliver a message containing text, audio, and video for about a penny per person reached.
TV ads can have a tremendous impact on a new company.
TV Ads Check out our latest television ads being aired nationally.
TV ads show people mainly as consumers, tourists, players, and freedom seekers.
Many TV ads use a flashing, short-duration, rapidly changing image technique.
Most TV ads feature both girls and boys, but boys tend to be the dominant ones.
TV addiction has a great hold on many.
TV advertising begins several weeks prior to the show.
TV advertising encourages a demand for material possessions.
TV advertising has negative demand.
TV advertising is also very expensive.
TV advertising is similarly annoying, but people are used to it.
TV advertising is the most appropriate means to reach the urban middle and upper classes.
TV anchors have the same thing inside of their heads as all people have inside their heads.
TV anchors read a government statement in Mandarin, then in English.
Many TV anchors read their scripts off a TelePrompTer.
All TV animation has some aspect of production overseas in Asia.
TV antennas do double duty as the 'masts' of a fully rigged 'schooner'.
Most TV antennas use square tubing as the boom.
TV broadcasts are also available in French , Spanish , German , Russian and other languages.
TV cable is available by arrangement with our cable vendor.
TV cable is used for downloading while phone line is used for uploading.
A tv camera is electronic equipment
TV cameras capture images of police brutality.
TV cameras pick that up real well.
TV cameras record the event.
TV cameras roam the streets capturing personal tragedies and triumphs.
TV cameras see everything.
TV cameras zoom in as the captains meet at midfield.
TV cards transform a PC into a multi-function device.
Some TV cards comes with remote control.
TV channels can now have user-assigned English names.
TV channels join renamed group of independents.
TV channels keep in touch, uBiquiT is what they want. .
TV channels replaying the scenes underline how hard the disaster has been to comprehend.
Many tv channels passes by, just to transfer their own production from our studio.
TV commercial is easily the funniest commercial on TV right now.
TV commercials appear nightly.
TV commercials are a part of it, but the dawdling has something to do with it, too.
Tv commercials are commercials.
TV commercials are expensive though.
TV commercials are one of the greatest offenders to our feeling content.
TV commercials awaken our desires for certain foods and products.
TV commercials depict dad as a bumbling buffoon.
TV commercials have their own issues when it comes to detailing risks.
TV commercials sell the style of the product rather than the substance of the product.
TV Commercials Try it for free.
TV commercials use animated text sparingly, and it can also be used on web sites.
Every TV commercial is aimed at our insecurities.
Many TV commercials use the clicker method with different animals.
Most TV commercials are basically dishonest.
Most TV commercials are on film.
Most TV commercials are pricey.
Some TV commercials do.
TV crew is afraid to go south.
TV crews are expensive and want to get a story quickly.
TV crews are regular visitors to the Australian stand.
TV crews break down in tears, unable to maintain the mask of impartiality.
TV crews scurry to cover the arrival of delegates.
TV crews step into the ring.
Every TV critic has a guilty pleasure.
TV evangelism Send more shit.
TV evangelists come to mind.
TV evangelists do more than lay people.
Many TV films are of cinematic quality and many TV companies are involved in film productions.
TV guides are great.
TV land lives in fear of itchy fingers on the remote.
TV Lines Learn how to use patterns to create TV lines.
TV Listings Find out what's on tonight.
TV Listings Find out what's on TV tonight.
TV listings Find out what's on.
TV Listings Get local TV listings here.
TV Listings Get tv listings.
TV Listings have very few numbers.
TV Listings See what's playing all week long.
TV movies are an art form like any other.
TV movies are fine.
TV movies are similar to feature films in terms of their length and, often, their themes.
Many TV movies try to tell stories about mothers and daughters.
TV Nation goes where no TV magazine has gone before.
TV Nation has many supporters.
TV Nation tells the story of an African-American who has trouble with the local police department.
TV network buys genealogy Web site.
TV network links A long list of providers of cable and broadcast programming.
Tv networks are capable of air shows.
TV networks break into national programming.
TV networks fail to produce family-friendly shows.
TV networks require ratings.
TV networks use it.
TV news alienates kids, lacks details.
TV news does run short stories, but that's the nature of the medium.
TV News Has Chosen Sides.
TV news has the same problem attracting younger people.
TV news is a follower.
TV news is available as a separate section.
TV news is driven by ratings, period.
TV news is more disturbing.
TV news is much more volatile than print.
TV news is pabulum.
TV news is perfect for people who want nothing else but an all-consuming career.
TV news is too brief to be comprehensive.
TV news is too demanding.
TV news is too unstable to justify a move.
TV news is very half-assed.
TV news provides the theater.
TV news reduces all events to nearly the same level of importance.
TV news seems to have strayed greatly from a focus of responsible news presentation.
TV news shows all have lists of spots that are going to run during each broadcast.
TV news speeds too fast.
TV news succeeds because of timeliness and vividness.
TV news tells the truth.
All TV news stinks.
TV One can only wonder what lessons our nation's youth are learning from such near madness.
TV Personalities Learn about the lives of famous television celebrities.
TV presenters are now as famous as most of the people they interview.
TV producers can learn to create on the internet.
TV producers know how to make a compelling story, even when working with unscripted material.
TV producers rate their shows based on language, sexual content and violence.
TV production is good background for Web or industrial TV positions.
TV production requires students to combine writing skills with technical skills.
TV productions cost a lot of money.
TV program Find out what's on today.
TV programs are available in a few areas.
TV programs can serve as a springboard for a child s creativity.
TV programs have an underlying economic purpose.
TV programs offer a wide variety of audiences to choose from.
TV programs show what the heart of man wants to see.
Most TV programs have a very brief lifespan.
Some TV programs are bad for children.
Some TV programs are harmful to young viewers.
Some TV programs give misleading information about science as well as about scientists.
All TV programmes have ceefax subtitles.
TV programming is a tempting subject for demagoguery.
TV programming is central to American culture.
TV ratings are above last year.
TV ratings are also higher than ever.
TV ratings are down almost across the board.
TV ratings are down.
TV ratings are generally accurate.
TV ratings are up.
TV ratings are very low.
TV ratings fall while Internet connectivity soars.
TV receivers are dumb - in particular, they are forgetful.
TV reception is accessible in each room.
TV reception is horrible.
TV reception varies wildly in Maine.
Most TV remotes use infra-red.
TV screen steams up every time.
TV screens are everywhere.
TV screens are more forgiving than movie theaters.
TV screens are ubiquitous.
TV screens are wider than they are tall.
TV screens do a poor job of displaying text.
TV screens help visitors relive the earliest recorded moments of the tragedy.
TV Screens Learn how TV screens produce the images that draw our attention every day.
TV screens offer the ability to deliver broadcast television style ads to public venues.
TV screens produce awful pictures compared to PCs.
Every TV season has one.
TV series are usually very systematic.
TV series episodes to the manga volumes.
TV series is in early development.
A tv set is a receiver
Tv sets are films.
Tv sets are located in garages.
Tv sets are located in houses.
TV sets are more discrete than annoying.
Tv sets are solids.
TV sets cover the walls.
TV sets survail whether they are on or off.
TV show gives reason to Prop.
Tv shows are capable of comedies.
TV shows are dialogue driven.
Tv shows are located in television.
TV shows are mortal, too.
TV shows are very successful.
TV shows are, after all, only a distraction for the culture.
TV shows become more risqu and sexually provocative.
TV shows can be very helpful.
TV shows do it.
TV shows fail when their character's cool runs out.
TV shows fail when their leading characters start to look ridiculous.
TV shows have a lot of characters who are women hating other women.
TV shows have cheap budgets.
TV shows have interactive programs.
TV shows have shorter shooting schedules, the pace is faster and the energy level is extremely high.
TV shows have the same economic characteristics.
TV shows have too much violence.
All TV shows die.
Most TV shows have Black people as the bad guy .
Most TV shows have the same craft service table for use by everyone.
Some TV show portray a young girl who is overweight as unhappy, boyfriendless, and unpopular.
TV sites thrive on breaking news.
TV spots are one way to do that for a media culture.
TV station pays travel, hotel and miscellaneous expense.
TV stations are few and far between in the West and reception is often snowy or nonexistent.
TV stations are, however, much more expensive to launch.
TV stations can downlink and access video stories about top U.S. and international events.
TV stations can have a heart.
TV stations change their URLs too frequently.
TV stations deal in a perishable commodity - time.
TV stations do it all the time.
TV stations engage in intense and cutthroat competition, as do newspapers.
TV Stations Find television stations online.
TV Stations Get scheling information and more.
TV stations go live on breaking news stories because they can.
TV stations have chaser - on air meteorologist positions.
TV stations have the option of using clips or entire stories.
TV stations like to know they have made a good decision.
TV stations make money by selling audiences to advertisers, which are, of course, other businesses.
TV stations promote sexism,violence, anti-social behaviour and gross consumerism.
TV stations report crime.
TV stations rise or fall based on their dedication to quality local news and programming.
TV stations tend to like to do the camera work at least two to four hours before the newscast.
TV stations transmit their programs at the same time.
TV stations use live streaming to capture real-time events for their audiences.
TV stations use the viewership numbers to determine advertising prices.
Every TV station claims their radar is bigger and better.
Many TV stations give a banner or two away as an added bonus for a TV commercial buy.
Many TV stations have several units in strategic locations.
Most TV stations are have-nots.
Most TV stations have special computers which print out the latest weather information.
Most TV stations provide the most reliable views.
Some TV stations airing Dallas tend to cut off scenes to make it fit into their schedule.
TV time is limited, junk food is banned.
TV time is perfect for stretching or working out with hand weights.
TV today has a profound influence on our society, and especially young children.
TV today is a wasteland.
TV translators reside inside too.
TV transmission is now an 'old' technology.
TV trays are another idea.
TV tuner is good.
TV tuner is OK and with a bonus time shifting recording.
TV tuners are also available as add-in cards.
TV writer is saddled with loans and revolving debt from college and grad school.
TV accentuates good and bad facial features.
TV actually sedates the brain.
TV adds a form of entertainment while working out.
TV affects social and emotional behavior.
TV again is responsible.
TV also can get into the act during trops.
TV also makes kids fat.
TV also proves particularly fertile for author brand leveraging.
TV also requires stories that can be reduced to a couple minutes.
TV also smooshes the texture and delineation of the thousands of flowers on every float.
Tv are amazing.
TV becomes a bigger time sucker than ever before.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some access long distance either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some african irises either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some ariston either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some body skin paint either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some books either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some brazil telecommunication either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some business calling card either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some buslogic scsi either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some cable modem firewall either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some chico the man either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some colonial day either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some computer carrying case either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some computer consulting either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some computer hardware review either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some computers either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some day of the week either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some death row statistics either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some desktop pointer either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some diagram of the eye either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some discount long distance either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some electronic either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some fall flower either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some feminine boy either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some financial either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some flowers either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some free bible program either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some free gif builder either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some free long distance either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some future technology either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some getting in to college either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some golden harvest either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some greek theater los angeles either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some health either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some jewish new years card either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some kansas supreme court either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some lavender flower either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some leann hunley either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some linux programming either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some long branch new jersey either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some long distance either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some long distance telephone either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some making stink bomb either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some mileage between city either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some mobile telecommunication either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some national library australia either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some personal electronics either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some personal portal website either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some phone service either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some rabies shot either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some realestate either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some rena mero sable either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some restaurant website design either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some royal worchester either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some ruptured achilles tendon either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some shopping either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some sword knife either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some telecom either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some telecommunication tax either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some texas christian university either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some toys either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some tulipanes either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some unlimited long distance either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some vancouver city map either push beneath some illustration.
TV borrow Neck to partners by some vba access either push beneath some illustration.
TV broadens the horizon of our daily milieu.
TV can afford failures.
TV can also be a trigger to engage in other addictive patterns of behavior such as eating or sex.
TV can also be harmful to our minds.
TV can be a blond wasteland.
TV can be a family affair.
TV can be a good source of information and literacy skills.
TV can be a great teaching tool - or it can be a big problem.
TV can be a learning experience if TV watching is made interactive by nature.
TV can be a vast wasteland as someone famous once said.
TV can be an effective teaching tool.
TV can be educational, enriching and entertaining.
TV can become quite harmful when it is abused as a babysitter.
TV can bring families together.
TV can distort viewers.
TV can do it better.
TV can do what it wants.
TV can extend that to hours.
TV can only have a mind-numbing and alienating effect on people.
TV can only run replays.
TV can produce wonderful, fast-moving shapes, colors, sounds that command viewer attention.
TV can promote cooperative behavior.
TV can provide wonderful programming for children.
TV can t do it.
TV captioning is wonderful-except when it's awful.
TV carries no commercials.
TV causes problems facing American families.
TV combines a recognisable image with movement and sound.
TV comes along to spoil the success of the city's cinemas.
TV comes into our lives everywhere.
TV comes to the web.
TV comes with a series of demonstration terrain files and on-line support.
TV competes with studies, physical activity, and social interaction.
TV constantly models put-down humor.
TV contains links to third party websites.
TV continues to fight competition from streaming Web feeds.
TV continues to sink to our level.
TV creates immediate consensus, subject to immediate change.
TV creates violence, drug use, sexual problems - or it mimics reality.
TV delivers that point.
TV depresses educational achievement.
TV derives much nourishment from literary masterpieces.
TV deserve Illness below a tip until any degree.
TV devotes more commercial time to food than to any other product area.
TV discourages more creative play.
TV displaces other activities.
TV does have the capacity to debunk racial and ethnic bias.
TV does offer.
TV does the following very well.
TV does the same thing.
TV dwarfs the net in both popularity and income.
Tv eat popcorn and exchange foot rubs person.
TV eats our substance.
TV eats up so much material.
TV embodies our fear of the dark, of the night, of the other side of things.
TV encourages frivolity and gossip rather than focusing on cricket and the cricketers.
TV encourages poor health habits.
TV epitomizes the very popular culture it so effectively promotes.
TV Establishes Internet Presence See the press release for more details.
TV exerts an overwhelming influence on society.
TV exists so glamorous people can be on it.
TV expects to sign more distribution agreements, but for the moment is mum on who with.
TV experiences a plus.
TV exposes people to news, to information, to knowledge, to entertainment.
TV Get free and low cost advertising from our web site.
TV gets four timeouts in each half.
TV gets more exciting, the Internet gets easy, and email becomes even more powerful.
TV gets more exciting, the Internet gets easy, and e-mail becomes even more powerful.
TV gets no respect.
TV gives complete internet access and e-mail capability right on the television screen.
TV gives school news.
TV gives so much and asks so little.
TV goes better with food.
TV goes much better that way.
Tv has (part) aerials.
Tv has (part) antennas.
Tv has (part) bases.
Tv has (part) circuits.
Tv has (part) electron guns.
Tv has (part) picture tubes.
Tv has (part) resistors.
Tv has (part) sections.
Tv has (part) television tubes.
TV has a bad influence the children.
TV has a lot of haram programming.
TV has a selection of youth representations but TV also has low viewing figures for the teen market.
TV has a similar problem but overcomes it through the personality of human voices.
TV has a tremendous impact on our society.
Tv has antennas.
Tv has channels.
TV has enormous impact.
TV has forms stuff.
TV has hours to fill, too many hours.
TV has internet access.
TV has many advantages to national advertisers, but it is expensive.
TV has more reach than any other medium in terms of all segments of society.
TV has no monopoly to the news.
TV has only one fixed vertical resolution it can use.
TV has other advantages.
TV has personalities galore.
TV has short-circuited both military thinking and diplomatic maneuvering.
TV has some amazingly campy shows and soaps.
TV has something to do with it.
TV has that critical mass.
TV has the highest daily and weekly reach of any medium in Canada.
TV has the same advantages as radio and a few additional disadvantages.
TV has the same repeats, including the news - all violence.
TV has to worry about making sure the people they use look okay, and sound okay.
TV have a serious influence on the sport.
TV held inside some items therefore offend rca television.
TV here is also a mixed bag.
TV here is entertainment, and the news is no exception.
TV hire locally.
TV holds a very special place in the national consciousness.
TV includes many violent cartoons, which make our children more inhuman.
TV interferes with conversation and discussion time.
TV is a bad model for interpersonal relationships.
TV is a big tool, and inexpensive.
TV is a case of image taking precedence over the word.
TV is a contradiction and a paradox.
TV is a cult.
TV is a cyclical beast, as trendy as the clothes in a junior-high cafeteria.
Tv is a Developer.
TV is a family's greatest enemy.
TV is a forum that dramatizes and facilitates cultural change.
TV is a good way to learn about which subjects are on fire.
TV is a great communication device.
TV is a habit.
TV is a household appliance.
TV is a huge distraction.
TV is a huge thing in Brazil.
TV is a laid back, passive, and sometimes even lying-down, experience.
TV is a little box.
TV is a lousy baby-sitter.
TV is a major part of American culture.
TV is a major part of stage one.
TV is a mass medium.
TV is a mass reach medium.
TV is a medium because anything well done is rare.
TV is a mirror.
TV is a narrow pipe.
TV is a new technology, utterly different from newspapers.
TV is a one to many technology.
TV is a passive medium.
TV is a passive, one-way medium over which the viewer has little control.
TV is a pervasive entity.
TV is a poor parent.
TV is a poor reward for good behavior.
TV is a poor substitute for human companionship.
TV is a powerful medium.
TV is a powerful tool for changing the environment of people and thus their behaviour.
Tv is a receiver
TV is a social evil.
TV is a tricky thing.
TV is a useful tool if used in moderation and with the right programs.
TV is a very competitive market to work in.
TV is a very poor substitute for a PC monitor as a computer graphics display device.
TV is a very powerful device which has an effect on many public concerns.
TV is a very social experience.
TV is a very very involving medium and it is a form of inner trip.
Tv is a visual medium.
TV is a visual medium.
TV is a way of life.
Tv is a way to connect with a lot of people.
TV is a world recognized term and easy to remember.
TV is a writer's medium.
TV is a 'zero-sum' world.
TV is about leisure and entertainment.
TV is about showing the news.
TV is about sound and pictures.
TV is about the dialogue, movies are about the actions.
TV is about to become more powerful than ever in a new digital era.
TV is about visual impressions and entertainment.
TV is absence.
TV is acceptable as a shortened second reference in most uses.
TV is addictive because it focuses our attention .
TV is addictive because it provides a temporary escape .
TV is addictive because it's easy .
TV is addictive.
TV is again an option after lunch.
TV is all lies all the time.
TV is all over it.
TV is also about audio and writing.
TV is also very visual, personal, emotional.
TV is also viewable from forward berth.
TV is amazingly repetitive.
TV is an absolute wasteland for cancer information.
TV is an expensive mass medium.
TV is an industry governed by fear.
TV is an industry of copycats.
TV is an instant, universal communicator.
TV is another.
TV is as bad as anything at sometimes confusing news with entertainment.
TV is at the beginning of a transformation.
TV is available for purchase.
TV is available.
TV is bad for society.
TV is banned and family activities are monitored with an iron fist.
TV is based in Pennsylvania, in the United States of America.
TV is basically a monopoly in Canada.
TV is basically a passive form of entertainment.
TV is boring.
Tv is broadcast networks.
TV is built-in.
TV is by nature a passive experience.
TV is captivated in a situation where the rating orientation steers away from future demands.
TV is censored.
TV is certainly no exception.
TV is cheap because people watch so much of it.
TV is close-captioned.
Tv is communication devices.
TV is compatible with today's digital set-top boxes.
TV is contracted during the warmer, humid summer months.
TV is controlled by the state.
TV is crap.
TV is dangerous for two reasons.
TV is dedicated solely to internet navigation and E-mail communication.
TV is democratic.
TV is different.
TV is dumb.
TV is easy.
TV is embedded in a socio-cultural matrix.
TV is entertaining, but that's all it is - entertainment.
TV is environmental and imperceptible, like all environments.
TV is especially worrisome.
TV is event-driven, and Internet based events can be equally as successful.
TV is evil.
TV is far more harmful to adults than children.
TV is fast.
TV is for everyone.
TV is for exposure, the web is there to consummate sales.
TV is for filling up time and numbing the neurons.
TV is forbidden.
TV is free, but advertising pays for delivery.
TV is full of ancient American soap operas or dancing Congolese musicians.
TV is full of mayhem caused by motor vehicles or handguns.
TV is good for the soul.
TV is good, too.
TV is good.
TV is Good.
Tv is good.
TV is great, obviously.
TV is harder.
TV is hesitant to cover it because it steps on their own toes.
TV is homophobic.
TV is huge, much bigger than the big screen.
TV is ideal for misery and war, just like local news programs stress murder, rape, and fire.
TV is ideal for the misery of war, just as local news programs always stress murder, rape, and fire.
Tv is imagination.
TV is immediate.
TV is in demand.
TV is in sweeps, see the list below.
TV is in the lab.
TV is in virtually every home.
TV is indeed at a lower resolution than film.
TV is inside the table.
TV is just a form of communication, with no morality, positive or negative.
TV is just another factor among many, including poverty, drugs and mental disturbance.
TV is just another great big high-tech bother.
TV is like any other device or medium.
TV is like any other kind of tool.
Tv is located in apartments.
Tv is located in bedrooms.
Tv is located in family rooms.
Tv is located in houses.
Tv is located in sports bars.
Tv is made of glass.
Tv is made of plastic.
TV is made to forget.
TV is merely a symptom of violence in life.
TV is mind numbing.
TV is more challenging because it's so complicated.
TV is more important than family time.
TV is more rigid.
TV is more structured than film in terms of there being standardised rates of pay.
TV is more vulnerable because it is normally connected to the outdoor antenna.
TV is mostly regional and is actually incompatible from country to country.
TV is no island of long hours.
TV is nothing but ideas flying through the air anyway.
TV is now the principal vehicle of our popular culture.
TV is one of the most influential teachers young children have, second only to parents.
TV is only available in cities.
TV is only one way communication.
TV is pagan idolatry.
TV is part of contemporary reality.
TV is part of the problem, notorious for inculcating short attention spans and over-consumption.
TV is part of their normal everyday life.
TV is partly to blame, but TV was only a jab compared to what the Internet is doing to newspapers.
TV is passive by contrast.
TV is passive, deadening.
TV is passive.
TV is pervasive.
TV is plugged into the electric outlet.
TV is popular, powerful, and here to stay.
TV is presented as shallow and manipulative, wedded to a moronic and passive audience.
TV is pretty bad.
TV is provided in all rooms which are also equipped with ceiling fans and heaters.
TV is provided in each cabin.
TV is racist.
Tv is radio receivers.
TV is real life.
TV is really powerful.
TV is really the last non-interactive mass medium.
TV is really the way.
TV is regulated.
TV is relaxing and prayer is work.
TV is reported to be one of the most relaxing of the activities they looked at.
TV is set up in the office.
TV is set up with N at the bottom and E to the right.
TV is sexist.
Tv is short names.
TV is shown on a small screen that presents faces and close-ups better than landscapes.
TV is simply an easy target.
TV is so distracting.
TV is so fractialized now.
TV is so important, the common denominator for our culture.
TV is so much more about control.
TV is so pervasive it has become a lifestyle.
TV is something candidates can measure.
TV is something they've been watching all of their lives.
TV is stronger than the music industry.
TV is such a terrible influence on people and it is completely unnecessary.
TV is such an aggressive-passive medium.
TV is supported by advertising - it's a business decision, pure and simple.
TV is supposed to be entertaining.
TV is supposed to be visual so a good TV news show has guns, fires, crack babies, etc.
TV is surely, in many ways, superior to mere radio.
Tv is television stations.
TV is the cause of current Japanese bad movie business.
TV is the chief purveyor of our nation's stories.
TV is the cornerstone.
TV is the country s first Internet channel serving the government sector.
TV is the cultural literacy of the coming generations.
TV is the fearful thing, because it turns people into monkeys.
TV is the first internet site based in Tuvalu.
TV is the future of interactive telecommunications.
TV is the greatest communications medium ever designed by man.
TV is the lingua franca here.
TV is the location in which election campaigns are fought out.
TV is the major source of information.
TV is the most consuming leisure activity in history.
TV is the most obvious case.
TV is the most popular appliance in the history of the world.
TV is the most popular electronic appliance on the globe.
TV is the most popular means of mass communications.
TV is the most popular, dynamic and recognised art form in the world.
TV is the number one cause of escalating violence in American culture.
TV is the only acceptable escape.
TV is the place where our opinions are given voice.
TV is the place ya oughta be.
TV is the premier web site offering digital media entertainment in areas of music, film and more.
TV is the primary source of information for the vast majority of the citizenry.
TV is the quickest way to influence masses to buy a product or service.
TV is the same way.
TV is the shit between the commercials.
TV is the surrogate parent.
TV is the ultimate time-waster.
TV is the world s most effective selling tool.
TV is the worst.
TV is their best friend, their babysitter, their community.
TV is there, families no longer sit at a table and have dinner and talk.
TV is tiny.
TV is unable to portray thinking and character development within the character's head.
Tv is used for advertising.
TV is used for entertainment and for education.
Tv is used for entertainment.
Tv is used for relaxation.
Tv is used for video games.
Tv is used for watching.
TV is used to teach critical thinking about the media and advertising . . .
TV is usually at a lower rez that film.
TV is very big in Asia.
TV is very much about repeating patterns.
TV is very popular.
TV is violent.
TV is visual.
TV is what they 'do' every night, so it is what they are every night.
TV is where people of any age can go any old time to hide from their problems and worries.
TV is where the mass audience is.
TV is wonderful as a pure storyteller's medium.
TV is worse, being even more passive and currently more time-consuming.
TV is, after all, an entertainment medium.
Tv isa receiver.
TV join it.
TV keeps doing the same thing over and over.
TV leads general news coverage with newspapers and the Internet close behind.
TV leads the list.
TV leaves more time for creative effort, banter with a partner, and a more conversational approach.
TV likes em young.
TV likewise punishes complex ideas and messages, which are the core of liberalism.
TV Listings Most larger search engines today run their own pages devoted to television listings.
TV Living focuses on issues of gender, identity, new technologies and life change.
TV Looks Back.
TV looks realistic because it is an analog device which displays millions of colors.
TV looks the same on all televisions.
TV looms over the future of the awards, worrisomely.
TV loves banners.
TV loves nothing more than someone famous in the docket.
TV loves retro.
TV loves shootings and heart attacks but has ignored mental illness.
TV loves visually exciting events.
TV makes celebrities larger than life, the larger the better.
TV makes couch potatoes.
TV makes everybody a coach.
TV makes no representations about the results to be obtained from using the Immerse.
TV makes our lives busy, just like time tables, schedules, deadlines.
TV makes people sound the same.
TV makes violence seem normal and acceptable.
TV manipulates a standard midi file in real time using various chaotic, fractal and other patterns.
TV means money.
TV means television in almost every language.
TV mixes the red, green, and blue signals together.
TV needs a pop culture diva.
TV needs interesting pictures.
TV never comments.
TV now is the role model for children.
TV offers a range of subscriber and advertising options.
TV offers a ready-made outlet for finding such performers.
TV offers a wide range of positive and negative role models.
TV offers a wide range of potential role-models, both positive and negative.
TV Offers free television service, internet service and a computer.
TV offers incredible amounts of psychic data.
TV offers rapid, disposable programs, therefore more work.
TV only delivers pictures.
TV permits no such chance.
Tv plans to increase the visibility of minorities.
TV plays a part as well.
TV portrays most officials as the enemy of the whole hoop process.
TV presents a false reality.
TV presents a false view of marriage.
TV prevents kids from learning to think for themselves.
TV promotes the sin of materialism.
TV provides a common theme in all our lives, at once.
TV provides background knowledge and a common experience.
TV provides both distraction and the message at the same time.
TV provides the highest standard of quality programming.
TV provides total immersion.
TV puts a lot of reporters under pressure to be first with the news.
TV puts the viewer into a passive hypnotic state.
TV raises children now more than parents do, and television caters to children's violent fantasies.
TV raises levels of delinquency.
TV reacts to the internet.
TV really can be part of a balanced lifestyle.
TV really does have an effect on younger kids.
TV really has a great batting average.
TV really is a vast wasteland.
TV really is mindless.
TV requires little effort and provides little opportunity for family members to interact.
TV rules the world.
TV runs at few darkness but frighten knight golf.
TV s their window on the world.
TV sabotages much of the already-limited time families spend together.
Tv says donuts are high in fat.
TV See tranny.
TV seems ashamed of our cities.
TV seems to be the home device that people want peripherals attached to.
TV seems to highlight it even more, so it is a real issue.
TV serves northern and central New Mexico, eastern Arizona and southern Colorado.
TV serves that purpose pretty well.
TV set sellers have to make the case that today's TV set is a terrific value.
TV shows . . .
TV shows age and are forced to reinvent themselves.
TV shows anyway.
TV shows children wrapped into warm clothes and blankets in frozen homes.
TV shows current and past favorites.
TV shows etc.
TV shows every day.
TV shows from the past.
TV shows happen to fall into that category.
TV shows hitting the big screen are nothing new, of course.
TV shows popularize it.
TV Shows Sit back and enjoy some t.v show midi's from old to the new ones.
TV shows that feature ordinary people in unscripted situations.
TV shows their hero.
TV shows today reflect a whole different type of family.
TV shows touch on angels.
TV shows use numerous gimmicks to attract viewers during ratings periods.
TV Shows with web sites listed in the credits.
TV simply adjusts the duration and start offset of the exposure-level readouts.
TV starts to look very, very good.
TV still lends itself more to that kind of experience.
TV substitutes an artificial world in place of the real thing.
TV supports vary screen modes.
TV takes away our inner space and our capacity to think.
TV takes on a whorish existence in our culture.
TV takes too long, however the money's great, so never say never.
TV teaches that some people are more important than others.
TV tends to normalize sin.
TV tends to relax people quickly while they are watching it.
TV threatens to change all that, in the eyes of some Bhutanese.
TV transmits messages one-way to a passive audience.
TV tries to remake our image utilizing whatever behavior value happens to be in at the moment.
TV turns human anguish into entertainment.
TV typically reaches a broader audience than newspapers or radio.
TV use the computer without the worries of work.
TV uses both verbal and non-verbal expression.
TV uses high production values.
TV uses the same principle.
TV warms the spirit.
TV watching time can be as good a time as any to do conditioning, especially light weight lifting.
TV Welcome to LastNightOn.
TV wins by a wide margin in both categories.
TVs are available and newspapers can be ordered and delivered daily.
TVs are inescapable.
TVs are no longer uncommon even in African shanty towns.
TVs are one way.
TVs Are Rotten Let's start with the complication of technology.
TVs are usually for sharing.
TVs certainly have no problems being cycled on and off.
TVs circle the bar overhead and get their volume elevated whenever local sports teams are playing.
TVs contain many of the same components that computers do.
TVs contain the same type of tube.
TVs Find out more about our rentals.
TVs give way to conversation, radios give way to reading.
TVs have a filament so electrically charged it arks out like lightning.
TVs have trouble with bright, heavily saturated colors like brilliant reds and yellows.
TVs have volume control buttons.
TVs link to satellites.
TVs only display alternate scan lines on each vertical refresh.
TVs outsell PCs by a factor of about four to one.
TVs provide Internet access.
TVs squawk, flickering foreign images to a score of spectators each.
TVs use S-video, composite or coaxial connectors.
TV always gets the headlines.
TV often fails to provide it's most loyal fans with role models.
TV often ignores the consequences of violence.
TV often oversells patterns of personal gratification and under tells the risks of such behaviors.
TVs often have VCRs.
TV usually gets it all wrong.
All TV is passive, sedentary and non-experiential.
ALL TVs are off.
All TVs have an off switch.
All TVs have screens where the picture is viewed.
All TVs have some local oscillator signal present at the antenna terminals.
All TVs use an interlacing technique when painting the screen.
Every TV is turned on.
Many TV shows as audio mix and systems engineer.
Many TVs use a miniplug adapter for convenient usage with selected camcorder brands.
More TV means more exposure, another recruiting tool.
Most TV just display the same signal quality as they receive it.
Most TVs only support a composite signal, where the entire signal is joined into one cord.
Some TV shows already use the site as a regular source.
Some TV shows film and some tape, and many use a combination of the two.
Some TV shows with their own sites.
TVCC students are active in a lot of community efforts, especially in the public schools.
TVGuardian owners submit TVGuardian results of new movie releases.
TVMA membership is clearly a bargain.
TVSs are also evident in a few of the images.
A twaddle is nonsense
Twaddle comes in many shapes and sizes.
A twain is a two
Twain also uses a lot of irony.
Twain applies a modern politico-economic discussion to a sixth century scenario.
Twain asks pointedly.
Twain clearly paints the picture of Camelot as a collection of simple, believing characters.
Twain comes to mind.
Twain compares the river with a never ending book.
Twain creates the vernacular voice, and it's a very important moment.
Twain criticizes the adult attitudes and behaviors throughout the novel.
Twain croons a touching ballad almost as well as an attitude-driven tune.
Twain describes the accounts of locals who continued to find arrowheads for years after the affair.
Twain does use many similes throughout the book, especially during descriptive passages.
Twain exceed the earth and heaven in greatness.
Twain finally realizes that there is much more out there in life than the beauty which it holds.
Twain gets jiggy with a group of Celtic artists in what appears to be a flood zone.
Twain is a long-time vegetarian.
Twain is a man of medium height and size with a rather calm and serene looking countenance.
Twain is a master of language, making every situation come to life.
Twain is also up for single, song, female vocalist and two separate video nominations.
Twain is an American icon.
Twain is buried here.
Twain is famous as an author, satirist, essayist, newspaper contributor, and lecturer.
Twain is married to one of the best-known names behind the scenes of the music industry.
Twain is thought of today in many circles as a great humorist.
Twain Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.
Twain looks great in each, looks swell eating a banana, and even better rolling around the floor.
Twain means two.
Twain Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
Twain satirizes many things in Huck Finn.
Twain says that the creation of a new CD brings with it a whole new set of circumstances.
Twain scanning software is included.
Twain shows the adults behaving no better than the children, and all being motivated by vanity.
Twain takes a poke at the nature vs. nurture questions regarding personality development.
Twain There are worse crimes than burning books.
Twain uses to beat pity out of the reader.
Twain Welcome to water politics in California and the arid West.
Twain works as a newspaperman in California.
Twain Write a short story based on the above quote.
Twain writes about a time when people often took the law into their own hands.
Twain Always do right.
Twang can do much better than that.
Twang gives a citrus twist to any beef, chicken, or fish dish, and is indispensable as a marinade.
Twang is modeled after a product available throughout the deserts of northern Mexico.
Twang is on sale at most newsstands.
Twang is sound
Twang is sound.
Twang is subjective.
TWDB data are the magenta diamonds bearing white IDs.
A tweak is a squeeze
Tweak isa event.
Tweaks are for the user interface, system performance, and the internet.
All tweaks customizable by server.
More tweaks are possible.
Most tweaks used are the ones found here, unless otherwise stated.
Tweed Heads am . . . . .
Tweed buzzes forth like a fly through the house.
Tweed challenges the governor's line item vetoes as beyond the scope of the governor's authority.
Tweed is accustomed to the dream-girl thing.
Tweed is cloth
Tweed is cloth.
Tweed is fabric.
Tweed is located in closets.
Tweed is located in clothing stores.
Tweed is located in clothing.
Tweed is only three days old.
Tweed is used for hats.
Tweed searches out the great bluesman.
Tweeds are desirable for outer wear, being moisture resistant and very durable.
Tweeter column is shipped in two sections to be assembled.
Tweeter fuse is located at the back of the cabinet.
Tweeter horns are very small and front-facing with a straight horn axis.
A tweeter is a speaker
Tweeter is ferrofluid cooled for increased power handling.
Tweeters are located in speakers.
Tweeters are loudspeakers.
Tweeters are much smaller units, designed to produce the highest frequencies.
Tweeters are the most important part of getting good staging.
Tweeters specialize in producing high frequencies.
A tweezer is a hand tool
Tweezer isa tool.
Tweezer starts up after a reasonable Sparkle.
Tweezers are a good idea here.
Tweezers are a great assistant when handling some of the more delicate images.
Tweezers are a kind of lever .
Tweezers are available in the stockroom.
Tweezers are essential for removing cactus spines.
Tweezers are very cheap but it is time consuming and there is a risk of ingrown hair.
Tweezers come in handy for adjusting and applying decals.
Tweezers have (part) handles.
Tweezers have (part) sections.
Tweezers is an affecting journey, with lots to do and see along the way.
Tweezers make picking up and sorting seeds for planting easy.
Tweezers Remove splinters and ticks.
Tweezers Use to hold small buds and to remove insects.
Tweezers work well, especially in removing deer ticks.
Twelfth grade can be especially hectic.
Twelfth graders show a higher lifetime rate for cigarette smoking.
Twelfth hole is the signature hole and the toughest with a second shot over water.
Every twelfth light is powered by a generator.
A twelve is a large integer
Twelve is a Biblical number, too common to reiterate.
Twelve is a good example.
Twelve is a good size.
Twelve is a lot older than eight.
Twelve is a magic number.
Twelve is a number of perfection in the physical and human world, governmental perfection.
Twelve is a perfect number, signifying perfection of government , or of governmental perfection .
Twelve is a sign of maturity and of completeness.
Twelve is a typical class size only when the method is lecture and demonstration.
Twelve is a very divisible number.
Twelve is against the wall back there.
Twelve is an interesting short par four.
Twelve is at top right.
Twelve is enough.
Twelve is ideal.
Twelve is nice, has lots of factors, and thirteen, by contrast, seems to be a spoiler and prime.
Twelve is plainly Israel.
Twelve is the best.
Twelve is the maximum number for a cell group.
Twelve is the number of completely.
Twelve is the number of teachers needed to run the immersion program at the primary level.
Twelve is the number of tribes of Israel.
Twelve is the order of perfection of what is to come.
Twelve is the original number of significance and completion.
Twelve is the sensitive, artistic child.
Twelve is tractable and intelligent.
Twelve seems an auspicious number.
Twelve seems to be a lucky number.
Twelve seems to be the magic number for conferences.
Twelve shows a year, usually organized and selected by local curators.
Twelves are capable of bes.
Twelves are numbers.
All twelve are exactly the same.
Every twentieth caller wins a free pen, so call often.
A twentieth century is a century
Twentieth century go and sleep.
Twentyfive experts look at architectural decoration from a variety of angles.
Twentyfive years experience working with trees.
Twig blight can continue to infect fruit-bearing twigs at all stages of development.
Twig blight causes death and browning of twigs tips.
Twig blight causes the stems of plants to die and can result in reduced fruit production.
Twig blight is a problem on some varieties, especially the yellow-twig types.
Twig blight is blight
Twig blight is blight.
Twig blight is caused by several fungi and is worse in rainy seasons.
Twig blight is often a serious problem.
Twig dieback is common in moderate to extreme cases.
Twig dieback occurs if defoliation is severe.
Twig pruner causes twigs to drop off in late summer.
Twig pruner causes twigs to drop off in the summer.
Twig pruners have slender bodies that are elongated with a basic coloring of yellowish-gray.
Twig tea is naturally quite low in caffeine and can be enjoyed at any hour.
A twig is a branch
Twig die back.
Twig does IMAP and newsgroups.
Twig feels smooth and looks rounded and neat.
Twig go to stay with their grandmother after being abandoned by their mother.
Twig is one of the pups.
Twig isa stem.
Twig receives hearing aids and is registered in a school for the deaf.
TWIG works like any other internet email service.
Twigs also are reddish-brown and somewhat rough.
Twigs also float on water.
Twigs are also hairy.
Twigs are angular and hairy.
Twigs are bright brown in color.
Twigs are bright yellow-green.
Twigs are brown and densely hairy.
Twigs are brown and scaly with red-brown buds.
Twigs are brown, stout and hairy with large terminal buds showing loose outer scales.
Twigs are brown-gray and pubescent.
Twigs are brown-gray with reddish hair.
Twigs are brown-gray, stout and sometimes with corky wings.
Twigs are dark brown, some tendrils or shredding in stirps.
Twigs are dark with orange lenticels and black lateral buds with two overlapping scales.
Twigs are densely woolly, or hairy, and bright brown in color.
Twigs are fairly flexible where black willow twigs snap easily.
Twigs are four-sided, finely hairy and brownish when young.
Twigs are fragrant.
Twigs are glabrous and cylindrical, and young leaves and twigs are red in colour.
Twigs are glabrous and slightly angled.
Twigs are glabrous or only slightly hairy.
Twigs are glabrous, or only slightly hairy, and a glossy, dark brown.
Twigs are glabrous, or only slightly hairy, when young and have a light reddish-brown color.
Twigs are glabrous, shiny, and reddish-brown in color.
Twigs are glabrous, slender, reddish, and shiny.
Twigs are glabrous.
Twigs are golden-yellow, especially in winter and early spring.
Twigs are gray and glandular.
Twigs are gray and glaucous with shield-shaped leaf scars containing a single bundle scar.
Twigs are gray and pubescent.
Twigs are gray and smooth.
Twigs are gray, zigzag, armed with spines, and with raised leaf scars and sunken lateral buds.
Twigs are gray-brown and scaly.
Twigs are grayish in color and smooth, with enlargements at the joints.
Twigs are grayish in color.
Twigs are gray-white and smooth.
Twigs are green and smooth with prominent, hairy, red-brown buds.
Twigs are green to light gray with lenticels.
Twigs are green to purplish-green with white fuzzy lateral buds.
Twigs are green to red-brown and scurfy.
Twigs are green to red-brown.
Twigs are green.
Twigs are green-yellow with spines.
Twigs are hairless and have blunt hairless buds.
Twigs are hairless, green or red, end bud present.
Twigs are hairy with white-brown hairy buds.
Twigs are in a upright position.
Twigs are killed.
Twigs are light brown to gray with prominent lenticels.
Twigs are light gray and hairy when young.
Twigs are light gray and pubescent with lenticels.
Twigs are located in trees.
Twigs are lustrous.
Twigs are maroon to black and zigzag.
Twigs are moderate in diameter, brown, with half-round leaf scars with three bundle scars.
Twigs are moderately stout and slightly angled.
Twigs are moderatley stout, orange-tan in color.
Twigs are much stouter and glabrous, or only slightly hairy, when young with orangish-brown bark.
Twigs are often minutely pubescent.
Twigs are often shiny or somewhat glaucous.
Twigs are often shiny or somewhat waxy.
Twigs are often spiny-tipped and rather slender.
Twigs are often thorny.
Twigs are olive brown in color, pubescent, stout, and heavily lenticeled.
Twigs are orange-brown to gray.
Twigs are pale red-brown and peeling.
Twigs are pubescent and have a red-brown covering or hairy bloom.
Twigs are red and scaly.
Twigs are red-brown and hairless.
Twigs are red-brown and hairy with prominent lenticels.
Twigs are red-brown and smooth with pubescent, angled terminal buds clustered on the ends of twigs.
Twigs are red-brown and smooth.
Twigs are red-brown and waxy, often with thorns.
Twigs are red-brown with a very pointed, slender terminal bud fringed with hair.
Twigs are red-brown with a waxy bloom.
Twigs are red-brown with hair and conspicuous lenticels.
Twigs are red-brown with lenticels.
Twigs are red-brown, hairy and with spur shoots often showing thorns.
Twigs are red-brown, slender, and zigzag.
Twigs are red-brown, smooth and slender.
Twigs are red-brown.
Twigs are reddish brown and tend to droop.
Twigs are reddish brown to gray, smooth or occasionally sparsely hairy.
Twigs are reddish-brown and glabrous.
Twigs are reddish-brown and glossy.
Twigs are reddish-brown when young, becoming gray with age.
Twigs are reddish-brown.
Twigs are reddish-gray in the fall.
Twigs are relatively stout with stellate pith and clustered buds at the end of the twig.
Twigs are round.
Twigs are shrunken and brown to black.
Twigs are silvery-brown and scaly.
Twigs are slender and light brown, becoming grey at maturity.
Twigs are slender and stunted.
Twigs are slender to moderately stout.
Twigs are slender with yellow valvate buds.
Twigs are slender, light orange in color and bear short, sharp thorns.
Twigs are slender, red, glabrous, and often end in a spine.
Twigs are slender, reddish or greenish, covered with many raised warts and often zigzag.
Twigs are slender, reddish-brown, smooth.
Twigs are slender, shiny, greenish brown to reddish brown.
Twigs are slender, zigzag, and red-brown.
Twigs are slender.
Twigs are slnder, reddish-brown, slightly hairy at first becoming smooth.
Twigs are smooth and angled with chestnut brown buds, shield-shaped leaf scars and one bundle scar.
Twigs are smooth and purple-brown.
Twigs are smooth and zigzag with wooly lateral buds and leaf scars surrounding the bud.
Twigs are smooth with round, pubescent buds.
Twigs are smooth, exuding milky sap when broken.
Twigs are smooth, zigzag, and shiny chestnut brown with chestnut brown buds.
Twigs are spiny.
Twigs are stout .
Twigs are stout and gray-brown with light brown hairy buds with valvate scales.
Twigs are stout and gray-brown with notched leaf scars.
Twigs are stout and green-gray with lenticels and wooly maroon hair.
Twigs are stout and red-brown in color.
Twigs are stout and smooth with velvety hairy white buds and stipular scars surrounding the twig.
Twigs are stout and stiff.
Twigs are stout and vigorous.
Twigs are stout and zigzag with large sometimes branched thorns.
Twigs are stout with a large, pointed, sticky, green terminal bud.
Twigs are stout with monkey-faced leaf scars and a brown chambered pith.
Twigs are stout with paired stipular spines at each node.
Twigs are stout, angular, smooth, and covered with a whitish coat that can be wiped off.
Twigs are stout, green and flat with stout, sharp thorns.
Twigs are stout, green with yellow hairs when young and have scattered blackish spines.
Twigs are stout, never reddish.
Twigs are stout, orange-brown and are usually densely hairy.
Twigs are stout, red-brown and hairy with large hairy terminal buds.
Twigs are stout, red-brown and scaly with prominent silvery white buds.
Twigs are stout, reddish to greenish brown and without hairs.
Twigs are stout, smooth and generally grey in colour.
Twigs are stunted and die back.
Twigs are the easiest to find.
Twigs are thin and zigzag.
Twigs are thin, reddish.
Twigs are tree branchs.
Twigs are unwhitened.
Twigs are used to clean teeth, while the bark is said to be useful for toothaches.
Twigs are usually green or red.
Twigs are usually reddish, with smooth, white trunk, gray-green evergreen foliage.
Twigs are usually spindly and stunted.
Twigs are very important in telling apart trees , shrubs and vines , especially in wintertime .
Twigs are very important in telling apart trees, shrubs and vines, especially in wintertime.
Twigs are wiry, extremely slender, covered with tiny hairs, light brown to reddish brown.
Twigs are zigzag and green to red, yellow, or brown.
Twigs are zigzag with 'dunce-cap' buds and leaf scars encircling the buds.
Twigs are zigzag, hairy and with lenticels and triangular leaf scars.
Twigs bear bright yellow valvate buds.
Twigs become dark green and oily looking when infected.
Twigs become orange-brown with age.
Twigs break easily from the branches.
Twigs break in the distance, torches crackle in stereo, and footsteps creep across concrete.
Twigs break off with a sharp crack.
Twigs break off, walking against the wind impeded.
Twigs can show distortion.
Twigs contain a wide, yellowish-brown pith and yield a milky sap when cut or bruised.
Twigs die back and large, diffuse, targetlike splotches form on canes.
Twigs die back due to girdling cankers.
Twigs die back in late summer.
Twigs die back.
Twigs end in spines.
Twigs extending out at odd angles from massive limbs appear decorated by an unseen hand.
Twigs fall from trees.
Twigs fall off the trees.
Twigs finally become reddish or orange-brown in color when mature.
Twigs giraffe .
Twigs gradually die back from the tips.
Twigs hang perpendicular to the earth and the tree is very droopy.
Twigs have (part) bark.
Twigs have (part) corpi.
Twigs have (part) leaf nodes.
Twigs have (part) sections.
Twigs have a bitter, almond taste.
Twigs have a light brown spotted stem which turns red towards the top.
Twigs have appearances.
Twigs have buds.
Twigs have conspicious zig-zag pattern.
Twigs have conspicuous corky wings that protrude one-half inch.
Twigs have conspicuous lateral buds but lack terminal buds.
Twigs have diameters.
Twigs have flat, corky wings which disappear with older growth.
Twigs have light reddish-brown bark.
Twigs have no end buds and very small side buds.
Twigs have orange bark.
Twigs have rag appearances.
Twigs have rough appearances.
Twigs have sessile, pointed axillary buds.
Twigs have thornlike spurs.
Twigs have thorns or spines.
Twigs hold tightly packed buds that contain next spring's foliage.
Twigs look like branches , look like trees .
Twigs look like branches, look like trees.
Twigs offer valuable clues about the identitdy of a tree, expecially in the winter.
Twigs purplish in winter.
Twigs reddish brown when young, graying with age, densely hairy, becoming glabrous.
Twigs reddish brown.
Twigs reddish too.
Twigs reddish, as petiole.
Twigs reddish, long, slender, angled, drooping.
Twigs reddish, slender.
Twigs show gumming and dieback.
Twigs smell somewhat bad when crushed.
Twigs snap, unseen creeks burp and hiss.
Twigs stay green throughout winter.
Twigs taste like wintergreen.
Twigs tend to be a bit stouter and the seeds proportionately larger in the helicopters.
Twigs typically take the shape of cones, with the skinniest part being near the top.
Twigs welcomes visitors from the United States and Canada and the rest of the world.
Twigs wither and die back from girdling cankers or a crown rot.
Twigs yield birdlime.
Twigs often curve inward from the midpoint, tracing the outline of a wine goblet.
Twigs often have corky, winged projections.
Twigs often zigzag slightly from node to node.
Twigs usually pubescent or glandular-pubescent.
Many twigs end in a thorn.
Most twigs fall from trees.
Most twigs have appearances.
Most twigs have buds.
Most twigs have diameters.
Most twigs have rag appearances.
Most twigs have rough appearances.
Some twigs become trees.
Some twigs look to have a corky texture.
Twilight anesthesia is given.
Twilight golf is available at an additional cost.
Twilight hours are guidelines only and are subject to change depending upon demand.
Twilight rate is available.
Twilight sleep is also available.
Twilight sleep is general anaesthesia
Twilight start varies.
Twilight times vary with season.
Twilight times vary.
Twilight transitions promote circadian entrainment to lengthening light-dark cycles.
Twilight begins next month, with full sunlight pouring into the area several months later.
Twilight chills in the puddles left by evening's rain.
Twilight comes, slime-green and eerie.
Twilight descends on worry as the approaching darkness brings only comfort and relaxation.
Twilight drifts, silent lips, by the river hand in hand.
Twilight feels real, no waxy build-up here.
Twilight is a continuous, controlled discharge of censure and opprobrium.
Twilight is a different kind of venture, but almost as satisfying.
Twilight is a hour
Twilight is a mysterious harp tune.
Twilight is a particularly good time to watch the large birds from the reed beds in flight.
Twilight is a spare, gentle mood piece.
Twilight is albums.
Twilight is also a great time to paddle because the reservoir becomes glassy calm.
Twilight is also nice when landing lights on runways begin to glow.
Twilight is declines.
Twilight is good, good, good.
Twilight is grey-hair noir.
Twilight is hours.
Twilight is light.
Twilight is medication given to induce light sleep and reduce pain sensation.
Twilight is on, and the hunting animals are out.
Twilight is part of evenings.
Twilight is sacred in Hinduism .
Twilight is shorter at the equator.
Twilight is soundtracks.
Twilight is such a carnival and seems so hectic.
Twilight is time of day.
Twilight is when magic seeps into the air.
Twilight lasts almost two hours.
Twilight provides additional illumination.
Twilight retreat on suffering and loss.
Twilight slides down the western sky followed by black night's enfolding mantle.
Twilight starts or ends.
Twilight still lasts about one hour.
Twilight thaws the sky.
Twilights lengthen, and night never gets truly dark at all for a while around midsummer.
Twilight always lasts about one hour at the equator.
Twill fabric has no stretch to it.
Most Twill patterns are extremely well suited for cushions, runners and bags.
Twill tape secures the full back snap closure.
A twill weave is a weave
Twill weave is more complex .
Twill weaves are very durable and firm.
A twin bed is a bed
Twin beds adorn the third bedroom with a full bath next to it.
Twin beds are available by prior arrangement.
Twin beds are available in an adjacent sleeping alcove.
Twin beds are available in the yellow room upon request.
Twin beds are available.
Twin beds are beds.
Twin beds are in all bedrooms.
Twin beds are in the large guest bedroom with a private bath.
Twin beds are in the three other bedrooms as well as ceiling fans.
Twin beds are standard, but some locations also offer suites or on-campus apartments.
Twin beds are used for bunk beds too.
Twin beds convert to king.
Twin beds convert to queen, if desired.
Twin beds provide family accommodations Each room has access to e-mail.
Most twin beds are setup individually.
All twin bedrooms have a balcony with lake views.
Twin births are common in good habitat range.
Twin births are rare.
Twin births are relatively rare in humans and vary in frequency with the ethnic group.
Twin births are the norm, and all family members help rear the infants.
Twin births are very rare for omm-was.
Twin births can occur, but are rare.
Twin births occur on rare occasions.
Some twin brothers die of attacks.
Some twin brothers die of heart attacks.
Twin calves are very rare.
Twin conceptions are extremely common.
Twin engines are a requirement of The Race, so the huge-sailed catamarans can motor out of danger.
Twin engines are available.
Twin engines driving centerline thrust propellers avoid the known hazards of conventional twins.
Twin engines provide the necessary safety in the event of inclement weather or engine failure.
Twin engines require twice the maintenance, fuel and room of a simple single engine design.
Twin eyes glare through the darkness, heralding the approach of a squat yellow vehicle.
Twin fawns are common, and they are a reddish color camouflaged with white spots.
Twin fawns are common.
Twin fin set up is used for most boards with an extra forward position for a small fin if required.
Twin fins pockets.
Twin flower is really close.
Twin gestation is diagnosed from ultrasound images.
Some twin grandsons have cord.
Twin grief is very different due to the bond that had developed while womb.
Twin hoses allow the tank to be used in-line for reserve air, or as a portable tank.
Twin jets appear to be shooting away from the pulsar perpendicular to the ring.
Twin keels improve speeds .
Twin knobs allow high degree of flexibility while new compound keeps their edges sharp.
Twin Lake is stocked with cutthroat trout.
Twin Lake overlook.
Twin language is unique in several ways.
Twin lead has two wires in it, one on either side.
Twin loudspeaker ouputs.
Twin master suites at opposite ends of the home.
Twin motors create air cushions and great puck speed.
Twin otter planes have windows.
Twin pregnancies are either fraternal or identical.
Twin pregnancies are high risk.
Twin pregnancies increase the risk of complications, in younger and older moms.
Twin prime is prime.
Twin primes are a pair of primes with differnce two.
Twin primes are consecutive prime numbers that differ by two.
Twin primes are prime numbers that differ by two.
Twin rooms are generally more expensive than rooms with a double bed.
Twin rooms are only available if two students are travelling together and wish to share a room.
All twin rooms are the same size.
Twin ropes are a more difficult choice, as the diameter varies from manufacturer to manufacturer.
Twin ropes are similar to half ropes with one major difference.
Twin ropes are uncommon in the United States.
Twin sets are cardigans and knit tank tops, instead of cardigan and sweaters.
Twin sets are great starting pieces.
Twin shaft features one-piece extruded chrome steel.
Twin side brushes.
Twin sister has all of the same symptoms.
Twin sister is in advanced stage of ovarian cancer.
Twin sisters share their battle against breast cancer.
Twin size is best.
Twin souls are the last two souls to individualize.
Twin souls have the same vibrations.
Twin stars dance with each other.
Twin studies are available showing that genetic factors probably play a role in schizophrenia.
Twin studies attempt to quantify the non-quantifiable aspects of human nature.
Twin studies can produce information about the heritability ratio.
Twin studies help to reveal epigenetic differences related to various aspects of psychology.
Twin studies indicate a strong genetic contribution.
Twin study links genes to homosexuality.
Twin suite is available.
Twin suspension holes original to piece.
Twin tanks are another option for rows too narrow to fit gondolas.
Twin towers flank a porch with a very wide ogive.
Twin towers rise above a columned portico.
Twin turbofans propel the ship left, right, backward, and forward.
Twin web joins two webs as one.
A twin is a sib
Twin crowns for winding the watch and controlling the alarm are both original and signed.
Twin isa sibling.
Twin lays down a ferocious pace to fashion an effectively dark sound.
Twins alter both the quantity and quality of silence.
Twins are a genuine rarity, and only a few births of three or more foals have ever been recorded.
Twins are a rare occurrence.
Twins are also available as singles without a supplement.
Twins are also more likely to be left-handed than singletons.
Twins are always of the same sex.
Twins are at a marked increased risk for becoming concordant, suggesting a strong genetic component.
Twins are at substantially higher risk of antepartum and intrapartum complications.
Twins are available for single occupancy.
Twins are bands.
Twins are capable of complete sentences.
Twins are common enough to have inspired myths in every culture.
Twins are common in Cotton-Top Tamarins.
Twins are common in good habitat, and triplets have been documented.
Twins are common, which the mother can easily raise, and often there are triplets.
Twins are common.
Twins are complex machines.
Twins are crystal.
Twins are different persons with distinct bodies and souls and personalities.
Twins are double the blessing but also double the work.
Twins are extremely rare, but have been known to occur.
Twins are extremely rare.
Twins are frequent and the lambs fatten rapidly.
Twins are frequent in adult ewes and most people are successfully breeding their ewe lambs.
Twins are great fall musky producers.
Twins are high risk.
Twins are in essence clones as they share the same genetic blueprint.
Twins are in the news.
Twins are lookalikes, and maybe thinkalikes to a degree.
Twins are more common with urials than with some other sheep species.
Twins are more likely to occur in larger families as well.
Twins are most common in African-American women.
Twins are most common, followed by singles and triplets.
Twins are most commonly of similar age and single lineage.
Twins are natural clones.
Twins are occasional reported.
Twins are often an interesting mix of competitor and companion.
Twins are often twice the fun, but they are also twice the work and stress.
Twins are one of nature's wonders.
Twins are part of snakes.
Twins are particularly interesting because they tend to speak later than singletons.
Twins are possible but single births are most common.
Twins are possible, but rare.
Twins are possible, but very rare.
Twins are prohibitively expensive.
Twins are rare but do occur occassionally.
Twins are rare but they do happen.
Twins are rare in the wild.
Twins are rare, although they have been reported.
Twins are rare.
Twins are relatively rare.
Twins are siblings.
Twins are slightly more common when pregnancy is assisted with clomiphene.
Twins are the ideal.
Twins are the most common.
Twins are the most natural human clone known to man.
Twins are the norm for healthy adult cows.
Twins are the norm for older does, while young does usually give birth to a single fawn.
Twins are the norm, but they frequently have triplets.
Twins are the norm, though single births and triplets are sometimes seen.
Twins are the norm.
Twins are the result.
Twins are the rule, although young does often have only single fawns.
Twins are together in the womb.
Twins are twice as much work, but also twice as much fun.
Twins are uncommon but do occur.
Twins are undesirable because of the difficulty, of extracting whole kernels.
Twins are unusual for manatees and a very special event indeed.
Twins are very common among lorises.
Twins are very common and often there are triplets and quadruplets.
Twins are very interesting. .
Twins are very rare.
Twins are very safe.
Twins are very special.
Twins attached at the head occur only once in two million births.
Twins bridge the gap between the world of the gods and the world of humans.
Twins can also form after a crystal has grown.
Twins can also form their own special world together.
Twins can be clones.
Twins can be identical, if they result from the division of one fertilized egg.
Twins can be overwhelming, especially in the beginning.
Twins can have either one placenta, which is most common, although they can have two.
Twins can look different bc of environment.
Twins carry substantially more risk than a normal pregnancy.
Twins communicate, touch, and even caress each other in the womb.
Twins count as two pregnancies, and which twin was first-born is needed.
Twins develop the same way, though unaided, in nature.
Twins differ very little from non-twin siblings.
Twins fascinate people, especially if they are identical.
Twins Find out what life is like for the parents of twins fron conception on.
Twins generally born in spring, single births are less common.
Twins hang from the same spot in a triangle, and identical twins are then connected as well.
Twins have (part) arms.
Twins have (part) body substances.
Twins have (part) cell membranes.
Twins have (part) cells.
Twins have (part) corpi.
Twins have (part) cytoplasm.
Twins have (part) heads.
Twins have (part) human bodies.
Twins have (part) legs.
Twins have (part) material bodies.
Twins have (part) necks.
Twins have (part) nuclei.
Twins have (part) personality.
Twins have (part) plasma membranes.
Twins have (part) sections.
Twins have (part) vacuoles.
Twins have a higher risk of complications and premature birth .
Twins have bonds.
Twins have differences.
Twins have different fingerprint patterns.
Twins have different patterns.
Twins have fathers.
Twins have fingerprint patterns.
Twins have identities.
Twins have life.
Twins have membranes.
Twins have patterns.
Twins have special bonds.
Twins have tough choice with No.
Twins hold fascination for many people.
Twins improve at an equal rate.
Twins interact with each other in the womb.
Twins lose each other in many ways.
Twins make trips.
Twins need nutrients.
Twins never rat each other out.
Twins never survive in the wild as the mothers only have room for one baby to ride on their backs.
Twins play an enormous role.
Twins play first Minnesota game the next spring.
Twins play on a different wavelength than everybody else.
Twins raise in different environments.
Twins raise in environments.
Twins receive one complimentary case of powder formula per child.
Twins result when a mare ovulates and conceives on two follicles during a heat cycle.
Twins run in every third generation.
Twins run in the family.
Twins seem to be born more frequently in captivity, when artificial insemination is used.
Twins serve an important function for one another.
Twins share a very special bond that no one else can ever understand.
Twins share habitats.
Twins share identical patterns.
Twins share patterns.
Twins share their journey, valuing and being challenged by their partnership.
Twins show patterns.
Twins skip generations.
Twins struggle for supremacy and inheritance.
Twins suspected for dementia are all worked-up for a diagnosis and followed to autopsy.
Twins take both credits from both parents.
Twins take part in the bending of the knee.
Twins talk, hold onto a pin night.
Twins to share life stories.
Twins to share stories.
Twins weigh pounds.
Twins often appear to consist of two or more individual crystals symmetrically united.
Twins often fall into the patterns of one being dominant and the other passive.
All twins share the same environment for nine months.
Any twin can become an exile, just bring money into the mix.
Many twins develop a pattern of helping each other through both academic and social predicaments.
Most twins have bonds.
Most twins have differences.
Most twins have different fingerprint patterns.
Most twins have different patterns.
Most twins have fathers.
Most twins have fingerprint patterns.
Most twins have identities.
Most twins have life.
Most twins have membranes.
Most twins have patterns.
Most twins have special bonds.
Most twins make trips.
Most twins raise in different environments.
Most twins raise in environments.
Most twins share identical patterns.
Most twins show patterns.
Most twins weigh pounds.
Some twins become sources.
Some twins can have conditions.
Some twins have chances.
Some twins have diabetes.
Some twins have different disease status.
Some twins have godparents.
Some twins have impact.
Some twins have lots.
Some twins have profound impact.
Some twins have status.
Some twins marry brothers.
Some twins marry other twins because they know what it is like to have a twin.
Some twins produce a great deal of alpha, causing their spectra to have a peak.
Some twins raise in homes.
Some twins require blood type or DNA testing after delivery to determine if they are identical.
Some twins see images.
Some twins vary in height.
Twine decoration continues to be the dominant decorative mode.
Twine tie is available on almost all balers.
Twined baskets have flexible weavers that are twined around the spokes in a variety of patterns.
A twinflower is a bush
Twinflower is a low creeping, mat-forming plant with delicate twin bell flowers.
Twinflower is just out.
Twinkle lights are up.
Twinkle lights enhance the mood.
Twinkle lights look lovely when strands are placed down the center of a tabletop.
Twinkles are albums.
Twinkles entertains with balloons, magic or face-painting.
A twinkling is a moment
Twinkling is actually a serious problem for astronomers.
Twinkling is produced by unsteadiness in the atmosphere.
Twinkling is the entry into a world filled with tips, tricks and assistance in developing web sites.
Twinmound soils are frigid.
Twinnings are births.
Twirl is rotation
Twirl strands together to make the wire equivalent of a knot.
Twist capsules are available in a wide range of sizes and capacities.
Twist cherry stems from the tree carefully to avoid damaging the fruits.
Twist factor is defined by the following formula.
Twist Form See chair, boat, twist.
Twist pattern is sort of self-explanatory.
Twist stem ends together.
Twist stopper is a solid glass swirl.
Twist ties are easier.
Twist wire ends around hanger to secure.
Twist wire ends together, and shape leaf.
A twist is development
Twist affects the performance, texture and look of the carpet.
Twist also assists injured players in getting back into game shape.
Twist also changes the structural weight by modifying the moment distribution over the wing.
Twist biscuits about three or four times, twisting in one direction.
Twist controls a rotation along the viewer's z axis.
Twist covers so many great points.
Twist ends once and lay over bottom of circle.
Twist ends securely to seal.
Twist ends to hold in place.
Twist ends to hold.
Twist ends to make a loop hanger.
Twist ends to seal.
Twist ends together a few times.
Twist ends together once.
Twist ends together to make stem.
Twist ends together.
Twist follows upon twist, death upon death.
Twist gently clockwise.
Twist is a defect that is common in the heart-center portion of the tree.
TWiST is a digital workflow software solution that automates labor intensive and repetitive tasks.
Twist is a magazine full of answers to questions that teens ask.
Twist is a magazine that just hit the newsstands about two years ago.
Twist is a nice broodmare.
Twist is a really fantastic magazine.
Twist is definitely the best magazine for teens today.
Twist is excellent as well.
Twist is filled in, but without noticeable deposition of fatty tissue.
Twist is here to work.
Twist is how many times the fiber is twisted together in a one-inch length.
Twist is jam-packed.
Twist is just at one turn the full length of the bbl.
Twist is never one-sided, but shows all sides to every issue.
Twist is required in head mesenchyme for cranial neural tube morphogenesis.
Twist is right hand.
Twist is specially ground to give maximum chip clearance.
Twist is tapered to correspond to threaded portion of screw.
Twist is the best mag for teenagers.
Twist is the coolest mag.
Twist is the curvature of the leech.
Twist is the number of complete revolutions that one strand makes about the duplex axis.
Twist is the number of times per inch that the carpet yarn is turned.
Twist is the reduction of angle of attack from the root to the tip.
Twist is tied onto the dowel for hanging.
Twist is used in helicopters to improve hover performance and to delay retreating blade stall.
Twist lids on and transfer to water.
Twist lock the bulb assembly back into the lens.
Twist lock the hand-held gunite adapter into the opening where the nozzle was removed.
Twist provides extra power.
Twist refers to the curved line made by the leech of the sail.
Twist refers to the winding of yarn around itself.
Twist resides in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Twist seems more pronounced in the center portion of a log.
Twist serve A service played with topspin and side spin.
Twists are movement.
Twists are rotation.
Twists are social dancing.
Twists face and mouth.
Twists Use enough dough for a normal, unbraided loaf of bread.
Twists wrench until wrench mechanism releases and notes corresponding indication on scale.
Every twist is set up early.
Every twist is telegraphed.
More twist just gives more go with no complaints, backed up with a perfect bark.
More twist reduces the force on the upper part of the sail.
More twists follow and finally, the villains meet their end.
Twisted ankles are the most common injury on mountain trails.
Most twisted ankles occur when the toes are pointed slightly in and the body is moving forward.
Twisted chicory stems bear little knobs at each joint.
Twisted fabric is stronger and wears better than other grades.
Twisted fibre yarn within the round sling to reduce wear between fibre.
Twisted form anticipates the late Sarmatian art of Siberia.
Twisted gastrulation marks the sixth.
Twisted hair generates torsion.
Twisted helix is the name used to describe the shape of the DNA molecule.
Twisted leaves work great in any potpourri.
Twisted metal handle.
Twisted metal is recovered from the fires the likes of which never seen before in the world.
Twisted minds find their own justification.
Twisted nylon is dyed black and bonded.
Twisted pair comes with each pair uniquely color coded when it is packaged in multiple pairs.
Twisted pair forms the backbone of local telephone infrastructure.
Twisted pair is common in telephone wiring and is increasingly common in data networks.
Twisted pair is common in telephony applications and is increasingly common in data networks.
Twisted pair is inexpensive and easy to work with, and is the best choice for most systems.
Twisted pair is the most common transmission medium for both analog and digital signals.
Twisted pair is very flexible and easy to work with.
Twisted pair refers to the concentric twisting of two insulated conductors.
Twisted pair takes extra time and labor in stringing and tensioning.
Twisted Reality Welcome to our world of ecstacy.
Twisted satin trims the sleeves and the hem of the skirt.
Twisted shepherds use little lambs.
Some twisted souls find it a turn-on .
Twisted strands result in a rather strange looking end product.
Twisted tables sprout from the floor.
Twisted vortex rings with left and right rotation are models of particles and anti-particles.
Twisted wicks are useful for some applications and are commonly used in birthday candles.
Twisted wing makes down lift.
Twisted wire features a double scrolled heart design.
Twisted wire has constant cross section and resistance.
Twisteds are software.
Twister damages roofs.
Twister has (part) storm centers.
Twister has (part) storm centres.
Twister is a cake
Twister is good movies.
Twister is names.
Twister isa windstorm.
Twister sweeps through central business district, Fort Worth.
Twisters add excitement whenever it spins in the breeze.
Twisters ain' no strangers roun' here.
Twisters also vary greatly in length, width, direction of travel, and speed.
Twisters are most common in spring and summer.
Twisters are most likely to occur there in the spring and summer.
Twisters can hit so suddenly and do such awful damage.
Twisters have a documented history of spreading radioactive material.
Twisters tend machines that twist together yarn, thread, twine, or cordage.
Some twister destroys properties.
A twit is a person
Any twit can come up with a personal anecdote.
Twitch newsletter is located in the lower right column of the Web page below.
Twitch properties vary widely, and depend heavily on the muscle's activation history.
Twitch is cramp
Twitches are evident throughout the embryo.
Twitches have no refractory periods.
A twitter is sound
Twitter is a social networking resource that allows users to communicate in short, frequent posts.
Twitter is an online social networking and micro-blogging service utilizing SMS text messaging.
Twitter is in full attack mode.
A two is a figure
Twos appreciate the security of a routine, so be consistent with nap time each day.
Twos are better for contact fighting.
Twos are digits.
Twos are empathetic, sincere, and warm-hearted.
Twos are gentle by nature and have a tremendous imagination.
Twos are numbers.
Twos are partly wild and can be used to represent a card of equal denomination to another.
Twos are seductive, and they focus on the other person so as to avoid dealing with their own needs.
Twos are skilled at deceit.
Twos begin to roll their play dough into balls and snake shapes.
Twos display cunning minds and the ability to find and exploit others' weaknesses.
Twos like to feel strong and in control of as much of their environment as practical.
Twos see time as a chance to interact with others.
Twos tend to be person - oriented , altruistic and generous in serving others.
All twos get inside of the circle.
Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever.
Every TWRA officer has the authority to stop and board any vessel, issue citations and make arrests.
TXT file accompanies it there.
TXT files are everywhere.
TXT files show the counts for the number of records for each record type by county for a state.
TXT files show the counts for the number of records for each record type by county.
A tycoon is a businessman
Tycoons grab more and more .
All tycoons are millionaires.
A tyke is a person
Tykes can have their picture taken with Santa and receive a gift.
Tykes can put away a grilled cheese or a burger for two or three dollars.
Tykes can watch the animation while the music plays.
Tykes gallop and cavort merrily along their destructive ways as parents beam with pride.
A tympanic membrane is animal tissue
Tympanic membrane is intact and vibrating, auditory nerve transmitting signals.
Tympanic membrane is red, bulging with predominate blood vessels.
Tympanic membranes appear normal.
Tympanic membranes are clear and intact bilaterally.
Tympanic membranes are clear bilaterally.
Tympanic membranes are clear.
Tympanic membranes are intact.
Tympanic membranes are normal in appearance.
Tympanic membranes connected by nerves to the nervous system are assumed to be auditory organs.
Tympanic membranes is intact.
Tympanic thermometers measure the infrared heat waves emitted by the tympanic membrane.
A tympanum is animal tissue
Tympanum are membranes that can detect vibrations caused by sound.
Tympanum has tracery and elaborately carved garland surround and foliate carving.
Tympanum means drum.
Tyndale scholarships are also available.
Type ABs are susceptible to infections, heart disease and various forms of cancer.
Type annotation enhances readability of code.
Type annotations require more information than other annotations.
Type c unix then press enter.
Type c unix to connect to a unix server.
Type classes address a number of classic and new problems which arise in structuring programs.
Type coercion is performed, using the specified iterator.
Type colour is a useful design tool in map typography.
Type conversion is automatic in most useful cases.
Type conversion is discussed in greater detail in a later section describing type conversion.
Type D has an intermediate hardness value.
Type D has many underground pools of water coming off the main tube.
Type D icludes ascending lines as well descending ones.
Type d is also fairly marginal.
Type D is an atmosphere too dense to breathe, but habitable at high altitude.
Type D is for deep-drawing applications and is used infrequently for cans.
Type D is very thin nickel foil with a copper backing, without warranty as to porosity.
Type D occurs when there is distance, disagreement, distrust, disapproval, criticism, and hostility.
Type declarations have no effect on method lookup.
Type declarations make the text so much more clear.
Type declarations use the Pascal-style colon syntax.
Every type declaration introduces a new type totally distinct from any other type.
Type design has as much effort as a melody of a song.
Type design is one of the most underestimated skill areas in desktop publishing.
Type design plays with repetition of a few forms.
Type design takes a long time and and experienced designer.
Type designers invest their artistic skills in their creations.
Many type designers knock off designs from contemporary competitors.
Type diets include grain.
Type E can affect waterfowl and fish and can be fatal to humans.
Type E is again a further development thereof.
Type enforcement strikes a balance between security and flexibility.
Type face is a little small.
Type faces are also varied.
Type faces are more consistent.
Some type faces are more appropriate to some topics than others.
Some type faces are more readable than others, for example.
Type fonts come in all shapes and sizes, which convey different impressions on the audience.
Type inference can also take place in a declaration, if it is combined with an assignment.
Type inference is a process of constraint satisfaction .
Type inference is one way to do points-to analysis.
Type inference is the problem of finding a typing for a given term, if possible.
Type locality is within the park.
Type material is housed in a separate room along with a file of all of the original literature.
Type material is illustrated for each species.
Type metal is metal
Type metal is one of the oldest unchanged industrial materials.
Type names are camel-case with an initial capital.
Type names are completely at the users discretion.
Type names are the textual XML tags.
Type names begin with a capital letter.
Type names start always with an upper case letter.
Type O is one of the types where supplies are critically low.
Type Os find they can eat grains.
Many types of antidepressants are available, but none are magic bullets.
Many types of bacteria are at work in the compost pile.
Many types of bacteria are helpful, even necessary, for the proper functioning of our bodies.
Many types of bacteria are pathogenic in humans.
Many types of bacteria can even be helpful in some ways.
Many types of bacteria can infect the skin.
Many types of bacteria grow best in a warm, moist place.
Many types of bacteria live as parasites on higher organisms.
Some types of bacteria have an additional layer outside the cell wall.
Some types of bacteria help with digestion and other bodily process.
Some types of bacteria produce a toxin or poison, which can cause illness.
Types of bridges can vary, sometimes the bridge is a word, a whistle, a tone, or a clicker.
Many types of buildings can provide the environment needed for rabbit production.
Many types of business related degrees are available.
All types of businesses are eligible for participation through the captive legislation.
All types of businesses attend so the networking opportunities are unbelievable.
All types of businesses suffer criminal losses, but retail businesses are especially susceptible.
Many types of businesses are cyclical.
Many types of businesses generate hazardous waste.
Many types of businesses produce hazardous waste.
Most types of businesses can be successful on the Internet.
Some types of businesses are more limiting than others.
Some types of businesses gravitate toward clever names.
Some types of businesses have major sales during particular months.
Some types of businesses have special requirements.
Some types of businesses require both.
Types of cameras Fixed-focus cameras, the most basic of all cameras, have a nonadjustable lens.
All types of cameras welcome.
All types of cancer affect our cells, the body's basic unit of life.
Most types of cancer are more likely to affect people as they get older .
Most types of cancer are more likely to affect people as they get older.
Some types of cancer are more likely to spread to the brain.
Some types of cancer can depress immune function.
Some types of cancer require a combination of radiation and chemotherapy for effective treatment.
Some types of cancer seem to track in families.
Many types of cancers have a very high affinity for glucose when compared to normal tissue.
Many types of cancers have an increased use of glucose when compared to normal tissue.
Some types of cancers use different staging systems.
All types of cars are available at competitive rates.
All types of cars are eligible.
Many types of cells possess receptors that bind steroid hormones.
Some types of cells are more prone to abnormal growth than others.
Many types of cheese are fine to eat, but always check that they're made from pasteurised milk.
All types of chocolate covered by the Directive have to state their minimum cocoa solids content.
Some types of clouds cause a negative feedback.
Some types of clouds form over land, and waves can bounce off of a shore and travel out to sea.
Types of companies covered include industrials, utilities, transportaiton, banks, and insurance.
Many types of computers can store and play AIFF files.
Types of Contracts Learn the difference between implied and express contracts.
Many types of contracts exist.
All types of corporations have boards of directors.
Many types of crystals are harmless and can be seen in the normal patient.
Some types of depression do seem to run in families, suggesting a biological vulnerability.
Some types of depression run in families.
Many types of depressions have significant biological components.
Some types of dogs are more likely to get joint disorder.
All types of dresses are available, including unique and hard to find pieces.
All types of families make up the fiber of America.
Types of fish known to be important in some areas include menhaden, smelt, anchovies.
All types of fish can benefit from flake foods, including carnivores, herbivores, and omnivores.
All types of fish live with many large species.
Many types of fish are below the level at which they can replenish themselves easily.
Many types of fish can be hot-smoked.
Many types of fish live in it .
Many types of fish live in it.
Many types of fish live in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Georgia.
Many types of fish use the huge kelp forests to hide from predators.
Most types of fish are quick and easy to prepare.
Most types of fish contain little or no cholesterol.
Most types of fish have edible skin e.g. cod, plaice and blacksole skin.
Some types of fish disappear and their loss can lead to overgrowth of corals by seaweeds.
Some types of fish jump up and catch the flying or perched dragonfly in their mouth.
Some types of learning occur implicitly, that is without conscious awareness.
All types of loans are available.
Many types of loans exist.
Some types of loans have better rates than others.
All types of metal are attracted to magnets .
All types of metals can be effectively and reliably reclaimed.
All types of motorcycles are welcome.
Types of music covered include jazz, rock and roll, classical, and world music.
Types of music offered by the different groups varies.
Types of music performed include sacred and secular as well as choral literature of all periods.
All types of music are available.
All types of music are great, so here's some great sites about music.
All types of music can benefit from.
All types of music have their merit.
All types of music is available.
All types of music is catered for.
All types of music is planned for the day.
Many types of music promise stress reduction.
Some types of music can easily influence adolescents.
Types of mutation are similar in both genes.
All types of pain are real and can be treated.
Some types of pains initiate an immediate operation.
All types of patterns are available.
Some types of plastic are carcinogenic, others migrate from packaging into our food and water.
Some types of plastic give off smells which, to the cat, smells as though the food is contaminated.
All types of poetry are welcome.
Most types of rice grow in flooded fields.
Many types of rock exist around the world, but some are better than others for bonsai.
Some types of rocks have higher than average uranium contents.
Types of services provided, levels of service, quality of service and such are acceptable.
Some types of sheep have horns, which are often curved.
Some types of spiders use auxiliary eyes to detect polarized light.
Some types of spiders use the tents to jump down on unsuspecting prey.
Types of sugar are lactose, glucose , fructose , and sucrose .
Types of sugar are lactose, glucose, fructose, and sucrose.
Types of Toilets Consider the room size, toilet area, and design.
Types of transportation provided are for medical and nutritional needs.
Some types of unemployment have more impact on the economy than others.
All types of vehicles are available in our inventory.
All types of vehicles are welcome from highly modified off-road machines to stock four wheel drives.
All types of waste are to be disposed of in deep repositories.
Many types of websites are now possible.
Many types of wood comes from trees grown in the rain forest.
Most types of wood have a specific gravity of less than one.
Some types of wood are better than others to burn.
All types of writing are important.
Type one is to build walls on new roadways or roadways that are to be widened.
Type parameters can have a description as well.
Type qualifiers are const and volatile .
Type qualifiers have no meaning for function return values.
Type safety is certainly a key language feature in Java.
Type safety is normally a necessary step towards proving stronger things about programs.
Type safety pays off.
Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent .
Type sites are often the first or foundational site discovered about the culture they represent.
Type soundness is proved using operational semantics and an analysis of typing derivations.
A type specimen is an example
Type specimens are an essential foundation for all of plant classification.
Type specimens are models.
Type specimens are placed in museums for study by taxonomists.
Type specimens are present.
Type specimens are the embodiment of species, both living and extinct.
Type specimens are the original, preserved animals collected decades, or even centuries, earlier.
Some type specimens have bones.
Some type specimens have limb bones.
Some type specimens have slender bones.
Type strain is designated - Type.
Type systems are an important aspect of programming language design.
Type systems are the central organizational theme of the dicussion.
Type systems are useful both at providing documentation and at reducing the potential for errors.
Type systems provide a very elegant separation of concerns.
Type t is made a subtype of type s .
Type theory is the study of so-called typed lambda calculi.
Most type theories assume that types de- pend on heredity.
A type is a kind
Type according to layout, i.e. allow a line for each type face change or size of type face.
Type actually can be one of bitmap , gradient or xpm .
Type add pelott and press Return.
Type Adds the Type variable to the list of type keywords.
Type ahead find dialog.
Type ahead is permitted, even if the characters get interspersed with output.
Type am at the prompt.
Type appears along the path, parallel to the baseline.
Type appears along the path, perpendicular to the baseline.
Type arc-scan.sun to run.
Type are during an hall therefore feed jets cap.
Type based alias analysis is enabled by default.
Type borrow or lend to display the batch form.
TYPE Brings up console.
Type can be allow or deny.
Type can be any integer or floating type, plus others to be learned later.
Type can be any integer or floating type.
Type can be emotive, expressive, illustrative and interpretive.
Type can be highly expressive.
Type can make it come to life.
Type capmake to see all the options.
Type cast to an array type makes a new array of the specified type and copy the elements to it.
Type ce to change the current word from beginning of the word to the cursor.
Type cheat at the main menu to enable cheat mode.
Type checking asks whether a term can be given a particular type.
Type Checking Consider the following simplified grammar of expressions over strings and integers.
Type choose hollis to view a list of databases.
Type Click to display the Boundary Mod.
Type code a second time to see enemies die.
Type connect dante at the first prompt, then follow instructions.
Type dds at the debugger command prompt to display the stack contents.
Type defines the counting method that is employed by the reader.
Type defines the distribution to be used.
Type defines the type of Operator.
Type defines the type of the lock.
Type deny across that total and purchased guy.
Type depends on purpose and exposure of finished product.
Type Describes either a put or call.
Type describes the format of the map.
Type describes the type of object selected.
TYPE designates the kind of variables held by the group.
Type determines durability of end product.
Type determines whether the rule allows or denies access.
TYPE display alphanumeric instruction document.
TYPE displays the value of a variable or any arithmetic expression.
Type do uscn, press Enter.
TYPE double.class Double.
Type eject to eject the disk from the disk drive.
Type endorse underneath little hard day's night.
Type endorse underneath little hard labour.
Type enter after clicking on the shapes, which can be made of many parts.
Type Enter key.
Type Enter on the main keyboard before each example.
Type enter to accept the value then type E to exit the config menu.
Type enter to enter the record.
Type escape sequence to abort.
Type exists to start with.
Type explain a and press Enter for more detailed information about author searching.
Type explain and for details.
Type explain k and press Enter for more detailed information about keyword searching.
Type explain k to see a complete list of stopwords.
Type explain mail for more information.
Type explain or e .
Type explain request for more information.
Type explain s and press Enter for more detailed information about subject searching.
Type explain t and press Enter for more detailed information about title searching.
Type explain update for more information.
Type faces with fairly heavy and uniform strokes are most legible.
Type Find a particular type of item such as a sculpture or a table.
Type Find espresso and see what happens.
Type find out the status of the laser-printer queue type lpq .
Type find qc followed by the citation.
Type Find the number units of a particular product in a particular store as the description.
Type following screen appears.
Type follows Tk convention to specify which event is being bound.
Type footnotes at the bottom of manuscript page on which they are cited.
Type footnotes at the bottom of the manuscript page on which they are cited.
Type footnotes at the bottom of the page to which they refer, separated from text by a line.
Type footnotes double - spaced on pages following the end of the text .
Type footnotes on the bottom of the page on which they are mentoned.
Type footnotes on the manuscript page on which they occur.
Type footnotes separately on pages following the text.
Type footnotes to a table directly beneath the table.
Type footnotes together at the end of the manuscript.
Type footnotes under the tables.
Type forms the foundation of clear communication.
Type get Alt.folklore.urban.faq.
Type get dir to obtain a directory listing of all the files on the switch.
Type get filename .
Type get filename to get a file.
Type get foldername to copy a particular folder to the floppy disk.
Type get resnet.exe and press Enter .
Type get temp.dat and press the enter key.
Type get xxx to copy the file xxx from cscraz to eos.
Type GET, make the desired changes, then resend.
TYPE Gives the type of year in which the rule applies.
Type go and press Enter.
Type Go door .
Type go place to go somewhere.
Type go to run the program, reload to reload it, and quit to quit.
Type go to the frame .
Type go women.
Type goes here.
Type has beyond little gym dandy.
Type has beyond little hard hombre.
Type has beyond little hard rain.
Type has the following possible values.
Type headings a.
Type help boolean operators for more information.
Type help command for help with using a specific command.
Type help customizing displays for more information.
Type help doc for details.
Type help format for more information.
Type help guide for more information.
Type help imcontour for more information.
Type help jobs for more info on jobs.
Type help keyword to begin a tutorial on keyword searching.
Type help large result for other tips.
Type help newsgroups-list for a list of all newsgroups currently available.
Type help pcond for the definition, as well as an explanation of the output parameters Dsize and D .
Type help ppp at the shell prompt.
Type help spec mklepha for more information on the use of the program.
Type help spec xplot to access the online help.
Type help subplot for info.
Type help timfilter for instructions.
Type help timing xronos to access the online help.
Type help wavelet to see the available commands.
Type ho to display full status information for multi-volume items.
Type hol to see volume holdings.
Type hol to see which specific issues the library has.
Type Hold all the known types of celestial projections.
Type Holds the type of control.
Type Ia supernovae derive their energy from a runaway nuclear fusion of a carbon-oxygen white dwarf.
Type identifies a variable as numeric or character.
Type implies certain transformations between the time of data storage and data transfer.
Type includes more than is in the individual.
Type includes size, whether air-conditioned, and number of inhabitants.
TYPE indicates that the type of item is a text box.
Type indicates the basic role of the weapon, or basic weapon type.
Type Indicates the data type of the resource.
Type Indicates the garnishment code.
Type Indicates the size of the establishments from which the survey data is collected.
TYPE Indicates the type of order, usually P - Purchasing.
Type indicates type of material, such as book or periodical.
Type indicates what type of document it is.
Type Indicates whether the control is a pop-up menu or a scrolling list.
Type Indicates whether the object is a pop-up menu or a scrolling list.
Type Indicates whether the transaction is a change or merge.
Type inferencing allows compile time type checking through type inferencing.
Type is a category of person as defined by such factors as sex, age, occupation, and personality.
Type is a creation of both art and science.
Type is a four-character code.
TYPE is a full-text searchable field that contains the translation of the record type code.
TYPE is a further specification of Category.
Type is a model for exhibited behavioral styles at a given time.
TYPE is a required attribute.
TYPE is a shorthand way of describing four sets of mental processes.
Type is a string that describes the resource.
Type is a symbolic constant describing the information that is fed back for each vertex.
Type is a tool for communication Type is the single most used method of communication.
Type is a vector format.
Type is about our innate, usually unconscious, preferences.
Type is abstract.
Type is an arbitrary lisp object which is the type of encapsulation.
Type is an indicator of the functions the metadata is intended to support.
Type is an optional attribute identifying type information about the decrypted content.
Type is as defined in the function.
Type is assigned to each object or function as part of the declaration .
Type is by photo composition.
Type is compared with eq .
Type is constructed by given name and type class.
Type is copy constructed by given type.
Type is created in the currently selected foreground color.
Type is declared with the data and is easier to type-check.
Type is defined by determining each of the four preferences individually.
Type is defined by the space around it, whether between letters, words, or lines.
Type is definitely here to stay.
Type is dependent on application.
Type is dependent on the application.
TYPE is designed for continuous output, either for printing or for saving to disk.
Type is determined on the basis of species plurality of all live trees that contribute to stocking .
Type is determined on the basis of species plurality of all live trees that contribute to stocking.
Type is displayed on each page in a reader-friendly fashion.
Type is double.
Type is either 'c' or 'd'.
Type is Event.
Type is existent and r.
Type is float and specifies the size in points.
Type is float.
Type is flush left unless otherwise indicated.
Type is in Arial font.
Type is invaluable for everyone in issues of career, family, relationships and spirituality.
Type is invaluable for everyone in issuesof career, family, relationships and spirituality.
Type is -l.
Type is large and clarity is good.
Type is large for young people to easily read.
Type is measured by measuring a captial letter from the baseline to the top of the cap.
Type is measured in a variety of ways, including points or pixels.
Type is measured in points.
Type is molded in reverse, so the printer can still spell in the correct order.
TYPE is normal or dashed.
Type is one important component of the complex human personality.
Type is one of following.
Type is one of several options, depending on the state of the session.
Type is one time only and copy it one time only.
Type is only one of the ways of describing the dimensions of an individual's personality.
Type is optional.
Type is readable.
TYPE is required, though admittedly virtually all browsers are happy enough without it.
Type is set from the desktop publishing file.
Type is set to void.
Type is set using brass masters for each legend.
Type is short.
Type is simply the label of the event.
Type is standard, usual unless indicated as different.
Type is still mostly under construction.
Type is still paramount over color.
Type is the attribute type, given as a string.
Type is the basic form code.
TYPE is the command.
Type is the foundation of graphic design.
Type is the ideal or standard of perfection for the breed.
Type is the item type.
Type is the kind of t test to perform.
Type is the kind of t-test to perform.
TYPE is the option string.
Type is the specific code for the type of facility.
Type is the subtype for the category as defined above, and is required.
Type is the tool that gives form to communication.
Type is the type of the drive or media.
Type is the type of the parameter.
Type is the voice of the printed page.
Type is used to categorize the nature or genre of the content of the resource.
Type is used to group projects for project, management, and accounting reports.
Type is very early information, but dtrs.
Type is very large so readers can easily sit back and relax.
TYPE is what kind of support is offered.
Type isa kind.
Type isa sort.
Type learn at the system prompt in either system for a menu of options.
Type legends double-spaced consecutively on a separate page.
Type legends double-spaced consecutively on a separate sheet.
Type legends double-spaced, with Arabic numerals corresponding to the illustrations.
Type legends to tables in numerical order on a separate sheet.
Type link here.
TYPE Lists the contents of a text file.
Type ll to further inhibit corrosion even when exposed to sea water.
Type log showing primary and secondary objectives.
Type looks great in big font sizes.
Type lt and press return.
Type make , and wait for it to finish making.
Type make .
Type make all, then make install .
Type make alp .
Type make and enjoy.
Type make and hit enter.
Type make at the command line, and run coolapp.
Type make at the prompt.
Type make binary-dist .
Type make bindist to recreate the files of the binary distribution in the directory bindist .
Type make clean .
Type make clean first.
Type make config .
Type make config.
Type make depend to generate dependency lists.
Type make docs .
Type make draw to compile the file.
Type make halt .
Type make Icon.
Type make in the current directory to compile or use the precompiled executable that's included.
Type make in the nexusrmi directory.
Type make in the src directory.
Type make install .
Type make install and wait for it to finish installing.
Type make install to copy the commands, man pages, and support files.
Type make install to copy the executable and files to the appropriate directories.
Type make install to get a basic installation.
Type make install to install procmail into the system.
Type make install to install the software.
Type make install.
Type make install.man to copy the manual pages to the appropriate directory.
Type make install.man to install the man pages.
Type make menuconfig and hit enter.
Type make test .
Type make test to run a short test sequence.
Type make to build all files.
Type make to build dhisd.
Type make to build the program.
Type make to compile and link the program.
Type make to compile it.
Type make to compile the package.
Type make to compile xfig .
Type make to compile zlibc.
Type make to generate all the executables.
Type make to get an executable named mml.
Type make to invoke the makefile, which compiles bcast.f , to create the executable.
Type make to produce fitsblink program.
Type make xconfig .
Type makes a difference.
Type Now is a typing tutor in arcade game format.
Type observe .
Type opens .
Type possesses a strange attraction.
Type receive , and press Enter.
Type receive to receive the file from the host system.
Type refers to the classification of issues as either tasks, defects, features, or enhancements .
TYPE refers to the general type of symbol.
TYPE refines the definition of the data element itself.
Type register to begin the registration process.
Type relates to the established season or hunting dates for the hunt area.
Type remains editable when warped as long as it stays on a text layer.
Type Remember to activate the wireless communication service.
Type rendering is covered at the beginning of the course in typography.
TYPE Reports the data that are associated with a curve.
TYPE Returns the type of server the client presently synchronizes to.
Type reversed out of a pale blue box has no contrast.
Type s again to enter the Signature window.
Type s for subject or n for name.
Type s for the save command.
Type s to access the Setup options.
Type s to access the Signature file.
Type s to define one side of a new sample region, and s again to define the other side.
Type s to got back to small characters.
Type s to set mail forwarding.
Type save without an argument.
Type See schemes for DC.Type.
TYPE Send a message to screen and output file.
Type send filename to receive the file from the host system.
Type send filename.
Type send to send the message.
Type set dhcp server enable , and press Enter .
Type Sets the input type of the field.
TYPE short.class Short.
Type Show to see options.
Type show to see the current message, next to see the next message, and so on.
Type Shows the partition's type.
Type Shows the type of object selected.
Type sketch a b, where a and b are letters.
Type slides each with species list.
TYPE specifies one of ten valid attribute types.
Type specifies the device used.
Type specifies the technology of the font representation.
TYPE specifies the type bullet or number in front of the item.
Type specifies the type of variable, character or numeric.
Type Specify the definetion type.
TYPE Specify the type of elements for homogenous array.
Type stop to disconnect.
Type submit to run the program.
TYPE Supply the appropriate leave type.
Type suppose through a exception when start trauma center.
Type TELL userid message .
TYPE tells it what kind of item it is.
Type then root at the prompt.
Type There can be an arbitrary number of types for a plot.
Type trn to read news.
TYPE Tunable half-wave dipole with continuously adjustable telescoping elements.
Type understands the basics .
Type understands the basics.
Type Use a single main font for the entire text.
Type Use c for printed scores.
Type Use to restrict the search result set to a specific type of publication.
Type used in many classified sections is just too hard to read.
Type waring messages usually indicate errors in user programs.
Type WORK to return to the worksheet.
Type write , and press Enter .
Type write mem or copy running startup to commit the changes.
Type write mem to commit the changes.
TYPE writeb blah blah blah Type 'help here' for useful room instructions.
Type written copy has a blank space.
Type written letters are preferable.
Type wvvww to remove the car, leaving only the shadow in the view.
Type xv to start the program.
Type z to delete the sample region nearest the cursor.
Types  clicks.
Types  thinks.
Types affect activities.
Types affect almost all aspects of object behavior.
Types affect patterns.
Types agendas for staff meetings of professionals and patients.
Types are abstractions.
Types are blocks.
Types are categories such as punctuation, currency symbols, letters, and so on.
Types are categories that resources are placed in according to their format, medium, or source.
Types are characters.
Types are conventional high explosive or chemical.
Types are cpu, fpu, dcache, icache, memory, and qic.
Types are defined by the presence and placement of subsidiary cells.
Types are defined in .
Types are descriptions of objects with a common specification.
Types are discontinuous categories that have qualitative differences .
Types are discontinuous categories that have qualitative differences.
Types are either atomic or built with constructors like set, bag, list, array, structure.
Types are emergent by use.
Types are finite sets of classes and subtyping is set inclusion.
Types are first-class citizens.
Types are higher-order uniformities which cut across basic uniformities.
Types are illustrations.
Types are implicit in programs.
Types are interface specifications enriched with concurrency control annotations.
Types are kinds.
Types are motivated by the goal of communicates.
Types are motivated by the goal of writes.
Types are names for sets of syntactic values.
Types are preferred and common, and any number of classes thereof.
Types are sets of classes, subtyping is set inclusion, and genericity is class substitution.
Types are shadows.
Types are specifications.
Types are symbols.
Types are terms of a process algebra that describes dynamic aspects of the behaviour of objects.
Types are the specimens upon which scientific names are based.
Types are the subject, and the depth is great.
Types are thus finite sets of classes, rather than just single classes.
Types are unknown.
Types are useful form of documentation.
Types are values only, existing without regard to time or place, and remaining forever immutable.
Types are Web chat services.
Types arise from differences.
Types arise informally in any domain to categorize objects according to their usage and behaviour.
Types arise naturally, even starting from untyped universes.
Types Assemble two short duct runs using different types of duct.
Types bool and int .
Types can also make things less effective .
Types can also make things less effective.
Types can appear on variable declarations and in function definitions.
Types can be either primitive or complex types.
Types can be mixed.
Types can have impact.
Types can keep pointers to all instances or tokens of themselves.
Types can overlap, and objects can belong to two or more types.
Types commands on computer keyboard to update files and maintain logs.
Types commonly encountered include ornaments, amulets, jewelry, weapons, insignia, and vessels.
Types commonly offered are disability, unemployment, and life.
Types consist of domain upgrade and restructure, domain upgrade only, and domain restructure only.
Types cost reports of work completed or in progress.
Types define module boundaries.
Types defined as qualified types inherit their type qualifications.
Types depend on circumstances.
Types depend upon conditions.
Types differ widely from each other in their tails.
Types Differentiate between architectural and engineering scales.
Types emerge with greater clarity in their delineations, and the ray qualities begin to dominate.
Types exist in places.
Types Explain differences between voltmeter, ammeter, and ohmmeter.
Types flow charts, tables, and labels for originally produced media.
Types follow initial treatments.
Types follow responses.
Types follow treatments.
Types follow undesirable responses.
Types Following is a summary of the general drug types used in food animal production.
Types form letters and other materials from rough drafts.
Types form letters and prepares rough and final report narratives and tabulations.
Types form letters, manuscripts and information on standardized forms and records.
Types forms using a typewriter.
Types Go forward to Symbol Tables .
Types grade into other types.
Types have beautiful color.
Types have black color.
Types have certain characteristics.
Types have characteristics.
Types have characters.
Types have color.
Types have considerable economic potential.
Types have considerable potential.
Types have definition.
Types have different color.
Types have economic potential.
Types have energy.
Types have excellent fruit quality.
Types have excellent quality.
Types have high potential.
Types have impact.
Types have many different color.
Types have potential impact.
Types have potential.
Types have purposes.
Types have quality.
Types have same average energy.
Types have significant impact.
Types have specific characteristics.
Types have specific purposes.
Types have unique characteristics.
Types have use.
Types have yield potential.
Types Identify the types of landing gear systems.
Types influence results.
Types involve bonds.
Types involve chemical reaction.
Types involve complicate chemical reaction.
Types involve reaction.
Types is a group of letters designating the types of tags affected.
Types is a term whose subfields describe the types of the fields to be read.
Types name and plugin names.
Types Name the three types of inventory systems.
Types notices to government, specifying changes to loan documents, such as discharge of mortgage.
Types only become apparent at run time.
Types perform certain tasks.
Types perform tasks.
Types play important role.
Types provide deer habitats.
Types provide good deer habitats.
Types provide habitats.
Types provide important habitats.
Types provide suitable habitats.
Types provided by the language are intrinsic types.
Types ptrdiff A signed integral type of the result of subtracting two pointers.
Types range from a small magnetic mount rotator to a full-size lightbar.
Types range from mantle and table clocks to wall hanging models.
Types refine the core element itself.
Types report logs of police activities during shift.
Types reports and other correspondence for the commander.
Types reports using medical records to substantiate and verify reported information.
Types reports, memorandums and completes various forms in draft and final form.
Types require knowledge.
Types retain characteristics.
Types rundowns and formats for newscast.
Types show cognitive skills.
Types show effects.
Types show potential.
Types show skills.
Types then are like object lessons.
Types There are a variety of balanced fund styles, though all have the same basic goals.
Types There are numerous forms of cancer that affect the human body.
Types There are several different types of osteoporosis.
Types use electricity.
Types used include local, regional, general, and intravenous sedation.
Types vary from quality hotels to camping areas.
Types Welcome to the free trends application.
Types frequently overlap, and some cultivars can be classified under multiple categories.
All type is assumed to be upper case non-italic sanserif unless otherwise stated.
All type is black and is thermographed for a raised effect.
All type is black.
All type is centered left to right unless otherwise specified.
All type is centered left to right.
All type is centered.
All type is dark, crisp and large enough for microfilming.
All type is flush right.
All type is in the typeface shown.
All type is initial cap and lowercase and prints in black.
All type is one size.
All type needs to be the same size.
All types accept built-in locks and padlocks.
All types accommodate a cross-sope on the walkway.
All types appear full-formed when first present.
All types are available as trout food items at certain times.
All types are available during the day and evening.
All types are available for institutional loans to taxon experts.
All types are available in clear and tinted.
All types are available within a few days.
All types are available.
All types are capable of being viewed by internet web browsers.
All types are comments are welcome by mail.
All types are drought tolerant , low maintenance plants, and are pest free.
All types are equally valuable, with their own natural strengths and potential blind spots.
All types are good, all types are normal, and none is superior to the others.
All types are incredibly loud unamplified.
All types are instances of type Type.
All types are of some importance.
All types are simple showing an influence from Mexico.
All types are strings reguardless of the type in the file.
All types are subject to other charges such as landing or special opening fees.
All types are victims.
All types are welcome, even from different animes.
All types are welcome.
All types break easily into bits.
All types burn propane from refillable tanks.
All types can have either straight or curved blades.
All types can occasionally become severe.
All types contain a sperm-killing chemical.
All types develop over time - and in a pretty predictable and logical fashion.
All types do best in a rich, moist soil mulched to maintain adequate moisture.
All types do well in Kansas flower gardens, though the double types are the most popular.
All types enjoy our ranches - families, couples, singles, seniors, and youngsters.
All Types Enter a value to match or leave blank for flattest gain.
All types follow a similar format, which is unique to the scientific community.
All types give patterns with the same characteristics.
All types have a default value.
All types have a special relationship with the others.
All types have a sprawling growth habit.
All types have five sets of contacts in various forms and are suitable for use with PLCs.
All types have long, thin wings and legs, and most are black in color.
All types have merit.
All types have one or two internal sleeve bearings.
All types have six-piece bodies.
All types have their merits and problems and are described in detail in the referenced locations.
All types have two internal sleeve bearings.
All types have two translation symmetries which define a lattice.
All types involve redness and burning or itching eyes.
All types occur.
All types probably work equally well and are safe to use as needed on a chronic basis.
All types require a neutral to acid soil.
All types require less water during the dormant period than when in active growth.
All types shear off growth in a straight line, regardless of branch collar or bark ridge location.
All types sunfish.
All types support rotation and viewing height adjustment.
All types use a continuous loop where the heat transfer fluid is circulated.
All types vinyl siding installed on new homes or over brick, wood homes.
All types welcome.
All types withstand low light but appreciate brighter conditions.
Any type can enter any simulation object.
Any type headers up or down.
Any type is fine but try using light colors.
Any type lettering is permissible.
Every type can contain the same directives.
Every type has a constructor of the same name, which is currently exported, too.
Every type has a printed representation.
Every type has pluses and minues.
Every type has strengths and weaknesses which are usually flip sides of each other.
Every type is a subtype of void.
Every type is either a specific type, a class-wide type, or a universal type.
Every type is handled differently by different browser on different platform.
Many type hasten happily, nor whatever wall off a ladder prove.
Many types are also hardy outside.
Many types are available and each has unique characteristics.
Many types are available for all age groups.
Many types are available for both retail and commercial users.
Many types are available for protection against various gases and vapors.
Many types are available from various manufacturers.
Many types are available in rings, cubes and mushroom shapes.
Many types are available, as mentioned above.
Many types are available, ranging in size from a few inches to a few feet in height.
Many types are available.
Many types are avairable.
Many types are blended or supported by other forms.
Many types are commercially available.
Many types are dangerous to the eyes but are safe and useful in low amounts.
Many types are pure hydrocarbons.
Many types are scarce and some are very rare.
Many types are very easy to bend around corners or up and down in elevation.
Many types exist.
Many types grow very poorly in vitro.
Many types spread freely in the garden, requiring little care after planting, and bloom for years.
Many types still fall in that category.
Most type comes from the print world.
Most types affect activities.
Most types affect patterns.
Most types also grow best in slightly acidic soils.
Most types are available in assorted colors for batch identification.
Most types are delicate and expensive.
Most types are harmless, feeding upon decomposing or- ganic material and other soil organisms.
Most types are self branching and cleaning so no trimming is required.
Most types are treatable.
Most types arise from differences.
Most types borrow aspects from both types.
Most types can have impact.
Most types depend on circumstances.
Most types depend upon conditions.
Most types exist in places.
Most types follow initial treatments.
Most types follow responses.
Most types follow treatments.
Most types follow undesirable responses.
Most types grow naturally in rocks and roadcuts, so they like good drainage.
Most types have beautiful color.
Most types have black color.
Most types have certain characteristics.
Most types have characteristics.
Most types have characters.
Most types have color.
Most types have considerable economic potential.
Most types have considerable potential.
Most types have definition.
Most types have different color.
Most types have economic potential.
Most types have energy.
Most types have excellent fruit quality.
Most types have excellent quality.
Most types have good salt tolerance, some types also have good waterlogging tolerance.
Most types have high potential.
Most types have impact.
Most types have many different color.
Most types have potential impact.
Most types have potential.
Most types have purposes.
Most types have quality.
Most types have same average energy.
Most types have significant impact.
Most types have specific characteristics.
Most types have specific purposes.
Most types have unique characteristics.
Most types have weak symptoms , such as breathing problems , similar to the common cold .
Most types have weak symptoms, such as breathing problems, similar to the common cold.
Most types involve bonds.
Most types involve chemical reaction.
Most types involve complicate chemical reaction.
Most types involve reaction.
Most types lead far less splashy lifestyles, however, and are overlooked by most people.
Most types perform certain tasks.
Most types perform tasks.
Most types provide deer habitats.
Most types provide good deer habitats.
Most types provide habitats.
Most types provide important habitats.
Most types provide suitable habitats.
Most types require knowledge.
Most types respond to being lightly dabbed with a cotton bud dipped in methylated spirits.
Most types retain characteristics.
Most types seem to have no harmful effect at all.
Most types show cognitive skills.
Most types show effects.
Most types show potential.
Most types show skills.
Most types use electricity.
Some types act as a sponge, storing and releasing contaminants at various times.
Some types affect animals.
Some types affect behaviour.
Some types affect chances.
Some types affect friction.
Some types affect mature animals.
Some types affect outcomes.
Some types affect people.
Some types affect retention.
Some types affect slide friction.
Some types affect young people, while others affect adults.
Some types also feature a raised bar or stop between the flanges.
Some types also have flowers with fringed edges and double petals.
Some types also have hairs, spikes, or spots.
Some types also help keep a victim's face out of the water.
Some types are able to transmit the causes of diseases from one host to another.
Some types are as accurate in coarser textured soils as tensiometers.
Some types are available commercially to plant in butterfly gardens.
Some types are caused by accidents or genes, others by worry or extreme unhappiness.
Some types are caused by bacteria.
Some types are caused by mutation.
Some types are easier to turn than others.
Some types are expensive while others are substantially less.
Some types are hardy.
Some types are mirror-polished, but most types are supplied with a fine matt finish.
Some types are more efficient than others.
Some types are more resistant to degradation of signal over a long distance than are others.
Some types are mounted entirely on the outside of the panel-frame structure.
Some types are much more active then others.
Some types are of major importance in the food industry.
Some types are permanent while others are only temporary, albeit the time scale can vary enormously.
Some types are quite rugged, while others can require realignment after a little rough handling.
Some types are risk factors for cancer, and others can cause relatively harmless genital warts.
Some types are self-fruiting.
Some types are simple and convey the message quickly and clearly.
Some types are softer and some are more ridgid.
Some types are stronger than others are.
Some types are subtypes of other supertypes .
Some types are temporary and have fairly simple causes.
Some types are undifferentiated.
Some types are worse or better than others.
Some types base on information.
Some types boost immune responses.
Some types boost responses.
Some types can cause cervical cancer.
Some types can cause genital warts while others can cause cervical cancer.
Some types can cause male hormone-like changes, such as acne, reduced breast size, and facial hair.
Some types can establish persistent infections in the tonsils, adenoids, and intestines.
Some types can even convert sunlight into electricity.
Some types can remain in place for a long time, if there are no problems.
Some types carry more risk than others.
Some types cause death.
Some types cause diseases.
Some types cause flu outbreaks.
Some types cause gastroenteritis.
Some types cause human diseases.
Some types cause instant death.
Some types cause outbreaks.
Some types cause seasonal flu outbreaks.
Some types cause seasonal outbreaks.
Some types cause warts on any part of the body.
Some types closely resemble Tasmanian stone implements.
Some types come with prefilled disposable applicators.
Some types contain fluorine.
Some types contain lactose.
Some types contain nutrients.
Some types contain proteins.
Some types contribute to energy.
Some types depend on ability.
Some types depend on body size.
Some types depend on choices.
Some types depend on factors.
Some types depend on male body size.
Some types depend on several factors.
Some types depend on size.
Some types depend on such factors.
Some types describe in paragraphs.
Some types determine types.
Some types disperse more easily than others.
Some types drive forces.
Some types eat slugs and snails.
Some types ensure protection.
Some types even come with a primer.
Some types exhibit colorful fall foliage.
Some types exist in hemispheres.
Some types exist in western hemispheres.
Some types explain actions.
Some types explain facts.
Some types feature a side loop to further assist hafting.
Some types feature thread.
Some types form and cool deep within the earth and are exposed by weathering.
Some types gain weight in their lower body.
Some types generate power.
Some types grow in colonies that can be large.
Some types grow in fields.
Some types grow in various fields.
Some types grow tall and some grow as mats.
Some types hang and feature perches.
Some types have a bypass in the center to route fibers around the central hole.
Some types have a poorer prospect than others.
Some types have a strawberry flavor, others are sweetish tart, and all make great snacks.
Some types have arms.
Some types have basic shapes.
Some types have basic strategies.
Some types have cancer.
Some types have capacity.
Some types have children.
Some types have definite shapes.
Some types have distinctive flavor.
Some types have distinctive symptoms.
Some types have ethical significance.
Some types have feelers.
Some types have flavor.
Some types have flowers.
Some types have horizontal arms.
Some types have ideas.
Some types have impurities.
Some types have legs.
Some types have modification.
Some types have muscular legs.
Some types have mushroom shapes.
Some types have open arms.
Some types have opportunity.
Some types have origins.
Some types have patterns.
Some types have peanuts.
Some types have photosynthetic surfaces.
Some types have round shapes.
Some types have same basic strategies.
Some types have shapes.
Some types have significance.
Some types have similar patterns.
Some types have similarity.
Some types have social structures.
Some types have strategies.
Some types have strong legs.
Some types have strong muscular legs.
Some types have structural similarity.
Some types have structures.
Some types have style.
Some types have surfaces.
Some types have symptoms.
Some types have taxonomic significance.
Some types have thin coatings of aluminum oxide or are designed to hold oxide crucibles.
Some types have to be written for a specific os which can be time consumming.
Some types have unique flavor.
Some types have venom.
Some types have voice capabilities.
Some types have white flowers.
Some types help companies.
Some types illustrate levels.
Some types indicate growth.
Some types indicate rapid growth.
Some types influence weather.
Some types involve actions.
Some types involve bone marrow production.
Some types involve deletions.
Some types involve friction.
Some types involve generalization.
Some types involve production.
Some types just keep the sprinklers from operating in the rain.
Some types kill aphids.
Some types lead to death.
Some types lead to murder.
Some types leave a fine webbing on the underside of leaves or between fruit.
Some types lend themselves to achieving all of the objectives or goals, while others are limited.
Some types limit activities.
Some types live in trees .
Some types live in trees.
Some types live near the coast, while others venture far from shore.
Some types make recommendations.
Some types mature rapidly.
Some types occupy habitats.
Some types occur in former smokers.
Some types occur in patients.
Some types occur in places.
Some types occur in same places.
Some types occur in smokers.
Some types occur in vegetation where they prey on plant pests.
Some types pack very hard while others remain loose and dusty.
Some types play crucial roles.
Some types play important roles.
Some types play major roles.
Some types play roles.
Some types play significant roles.
Some types play unique roles.
Some types produce attractive flowers.
Some types produce electricity.
Some types promote conservation.
Some types promote growth.
Some types promote weed growth.
Some types provide insight.
Some types put women at greater risk than others.
Some types recognize patterns.
Some types release toxins that a painful to prey and swimmers alike.
Some types represent an important food source for other animals, particularly reef fishes.
Some types represent characteristics.
Some types require additional keywords to be present.
Some types require applications.
Some types require cook methods.
Some types require different applications.
Some types require different cook methods.
Some types require different methods.
Some types require fire.
Some types require heat.
Some types require methods.
Some types require microscopic examination of tissues or of sores.
Some types require nailing to secure it.
Some types require occasional lubrication to prevent excessive wear of springs and bushings.
Some types require protection.
Some types require specific foods of definite qualities.
Some types require technology.
Some types respond to chemotherapy, some to radiation therapy, some to both, and some to neither.
Some types shatter, dropping seeds on the ground.
Some types show activations.
Some types show similarity.
Some types shun light for protec- tion and for reduction of heat produced in their bodies.
Some types spit a small stream of water when they are first turned on.
Some types spread more quickly than others.
Some types take a parameter.
Some types take advantage.
Some types take places.
Some types use cameras attached to computers while others are stand alone videophones.
Some types use chlorophyll photosynthesis.
Some types use for photosynthesis.
Some types use for purposes.
Some types use photosynthesis.
Some types use rules.
Some types use simple rules.
Some types use vectors.
Any typeable characters are acceptable.
Typed material is preferred but clear handwriting is acceptable.
Typeface designers do have that control.
Typeface designers spend months, even years, developing each design.
Typeface can truly make or break a successful web site.
Typeface describes a distinctive design applied to a set of visually related symbols.
Typeface is a type
Typeface is meant to reflect the types of the entities involved in expressions.
Typeface is the style of lettering.
Typeface is too big in the reference section making it too bulky and hard to quickly look stuff up.
Typeface means characters with a common design and shape.
Typefaces are also divided into two categories in another way.
Typefaces are either serif or sans serif.
Typefaces are the foundation of graphic design.
Typefaces are transcendent as well as historical and cultural.
Typefaces can have a variety of widths.
Typefaces come in two basic types, serif and sans serif.
Typefaces easiest to read are bold, sans serif and solid.
Typefaces fall into certain classifications based on their design characteristics.
Typefaces Go to the home page .
Typefaces grow with typography and graphic design, and they change all the time.
Typefaces have specific attributes.
Typefaces Keep it simple.
Every typeface has a heritage, too.
Many typefaces also have shilling fractions with denominators that descend.
Many typefaces are available in light or narrow or bold or extra bold.
Most typefaces are available in different variations or type styles.
Most typefaces excite an emotion in the reader.
Most typefaces have a bold face.
Some typefaces are dark and heavy, others, light and slender.
Some typefaces are more deserving of the reference 'original typeface design' than are others.
Some typefaces speaks in quiet, dignified tones, others shout out loud.
Types case reports so that the results of analyses are available to submitting agencies.
A typescript is matter
Typescript copy on yellow paper.
Typescript copy with the editor's comments.
Typescript deals with conservation themes and attitudes to animals.
Typescripts accompany many of the letters.
Typescripts are available for all letters in the collection.
Typescripts are matter.
Typescripts are programming language.
Typescripts are scripting language.
Typescripts exist of most of the articles and short stories, and duplicate copies are retained.
A typesetter is a pressman
Typesetters are able to work with most of the current software.
Typesetters feed that tape into a different machine which puts the metal type in order.
Typesetters look in the margins for changes.
All typesetting fees are due when the ad is approved for publication.
Typewriter carriage is part of typewriters.
Most typewriter carriage is part of typewriters.
Typewriter effect writes a label on a button.
Typewriter keys are directly proportionate to the script they produce.
Typewriter keyboards are part of typewriters.
Most typewriter keyboards are part of typewriters.
Typewriter ribbons are part of typewriters.
Most typewriter ribbons are part of typewriters.
A typewriter is a serial printer
Typewriter isa machine.
Typewriters are a thing of the past, and electronic form technology is the future.
Typewriters are a thing of the past, but a nifty laptop computer is bound to be well received.
Typewriters are also available.
Typewriters are also liable to be confiscated and only returned on departure.
Typewriters are available at both buildings.
Typewriters are available for a fee.
Typewriters are available for in the library use free of charge.
Typewriters are available for in-library use at most libraries.
Typewriters are available for patrons.
Typewriters are available for student use.
Typewriters are available for use free of charge.
Typewriters are available in the microforms room on the third floor.
Typewriters are available.
Typewriters are complex machines, and do require regular maintenance.
Typewriters are duty-free.
Typewriters are gone and cameras that require film are quickly following.
Typewriters are in the decline stage of the product life cycle.
Typewriters are largely irrelevant.
Typewriters are located in antiques shops.
Typewriters are located in desks.
Typewriters are located in museums.
Typewriters are located in use.
Typewriters are machines.
Typewriters are used for labels.
Typewriters are used for typing.
Typewriters are very territorial creatures.
Typewriters are work.
Typewriters are, of course, the answer.
Typewriters can t multitask.
Typewriters have (part) action mechanisms.
Typewriters have (part) sections.
Typewriters have (part) space bars.
Typewriters have (part) tab keys.
Typewriters have (part) typewriter carriage.
Typewriters have (part) typewriter keyboards.
Typewriters have (part) typewriter ribbons.
Typewriters have no place in a world dominated by computers.
Typewriters have ribbons.
Typewriters have souls.
Typewriters never crash.
Typewriters produce a legible newsletter.
Typewriters respond to the tough-love method of discipline.
Typewriters still exist, but they're less important.
Typewriters use two.
Typewriters use wheels instead of keys.
Most typewriters are old fashioned.
Typewritten answers are preferred.
Typewritten copy is recommended.
Typewritten format is mandatory.
Typewritten letters are preferred, because they allow faster handling with less chance of error.
Typewritten orders are preferred.
Typewritten pages are preferred.
Typewritten statements are preferred.
Typewritten summaries are available with the journals.
Typhoon shelters are normally open at all times.
A typhoon is cyclone
Typhoon adds no overhead or administration fees to the quoted per man month cost.
Typhoon is a relational database management system.
Typhoon is the most serious disaster in Vietnam in which strong wind contributed an important part.
Typhoon sells at several different venues in Southern California.
Typhoon winds fan fires set by quake.
Typhoons are common.
Typhoons are cyclone.
Typhoons are identical in nature to hurricanes.
Typhoons are located in sea.
Typhoons are part of the landscape in Taiwan, which is frequently hit by the deadly storms.
Typhoons are rare , as Palau is outside the main typhoon zone .
Typhoons are rare, as Palau is outside the main typhoon zone.
Typhoons are the storms that form in the tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean.
Typhoons are thunderstorms.
Typhoons are very severe storms with powerful winds and heavy rains.
Typhoons are very strong storms with wind velocities of two to three hundred kilometers per hour.
Typhoons can occur in the rainy season.
Typhoons come a couple times during the summer.
Typhoons develop west of the international date line, while hurricanes are spawned east of the line.
Typhoons occur almost every year.
Typhoons occur both north and south of the equator.
Typhoons occur in Japan every summer and are a feature of the Japanese climate.
Typhoons occur throughout the year in the Northwest Pacific but are most frequent in summer.
Typhoons try to blow the antennas down, and sometimes succeed.
Typhoons vary in size from tropical storms to severe super-typhoons.
Typhoons often cause extensive damage in the west and southwest Pacific.
Typhoons usually cause little disruption to public utilities and few casualties.
Typhoons usually have little serious after effect.
Many typhoons go east side of the island.
Most typhoons blow themselves out.
Most typhoons strike in the autumn.
Typical accommodation requests Alternative testing procedures .
Typical accounts are for tracking a checking account, a credit card or cash on hand.
Typical accounts are salaries, office supplies, machinery and equipment.
Typical accuracy is within a factor of two.
Typical acne appears in the oil-producing areas of the body namely, the face, chest, and back.
Typical actions initiated by a participant include grabbing an object and moving it through a scene.
Typical activities involve scientific computing, data analysis, and laboratory or field work.
More typical activities are here.
Typical additions are arrows, markers and text.
Typical adhesives have a long-term upper temperature limit below that of some of the membranes.
Typical adsorbates are acetone, trichloroethane, and compounds of mercury.
Typical advertising is designed to be intrusive.
Typical agreements deal with matters of economic, cultural, scientific and technical co-operation.
Typical algorithms construct kd-trees by partitioning point sets.
Typical allergens are pollens released into the air from grasses, trees and weeds.
Typical american diets contain meat.
Typical american diets contain sodium.
Typical amplitude is approximately one third of the total width of the vocal fold.
Typical analysis consists of the following.
Typical analysis involves looking for breakouts, new highs and lows, and divergences.
Most typical animals are reindeers, ptarmigans and mosquites.
Typical antennas consist of numerous light absorbing molecules like chlorophylls.
Typical antipsychotics can cause unpleasant movement problems and other distressing side effects.
Typical apartments accommodate six or eight guests in private bedrooms.
Typical apartments make at least two students share one bath as well as phones.
Typical appearance is a single radiopaque shadow with no trabecular pattern.
Typical appetizers are chicken teriyaki, crab rangoon, egg rolls and even sushi.
Typical application is ground source heat pumps or above any air handler for electric heat.
Typical application is large military or commercial vessel, or work boat.
Typical application is large sail boat, cabin cruiser or work boat.
Typical application is small sail boat or cabin cruiser.
Typical application is used on an indoor blimp with a helicopter tail.
Typical application is used on an indoor blimp with or without rudder.
Typical application is with a pump up garden sprayer.
Typical application is with a subsurface spray blade into premade beds.
Typical applications are at the infeed of dryers, ovens, freezers, surge bins and conveyors.
Typical applications are automated deduction and logic programming.
Typical applications are battery operated device.
Typical applications are compute servers, database servers and multi media servers.
Typical applications are conveyor housing, yard storage and chemical plant yards.
Typical applications are data assimilation and sensitivity analysis.
Typical applications are data assimilation, model tuning, and sensitivity analysis.
Typical applications are engineering and simulations, above all watch assembly.
Typical applications are extruders and conveyors.
Typical applications are factory automation and material distribution.
Typical applications are for shunting of components leads and PCB edge components.
Typical applications are games and Sorting trees and lists.
Typical applications are heat conduction and heat conduction in a flow.
Typical applications are i.e. intranet-applications providing information and maps companywide.
Typical applications are in electroplating, to improve machinability, and leak-tightness.
Typical applications are in histology and laser scan microscopy.
Typical applications are in manufacturing, processing and distribution.
Typical applications are in semiconductors, chemical industries, and the environmental field.
Typical applications are measurement while drilling in downhole tools and aircraft landing gear.
Typical applications are mining and construction equipment as well as ag machinery.
Typical applications are on curtain walling, corrugated roofs and aluminum roller blinds.
Typical applications are plant layout, computer integrated manufacturing and solids modeling.
Typical applications are plastic molding, extrusion and molding presses.
Typical applications are residential, commercial, and industrial.
Typical applications are storm water and effluent in a waste treatment plant.
Typical applications are the following.
Typical applications are vacuum controls and evaporative emissions controls.
Typical applications are watches and revolution counters.
Typical applications are word processors, spreadsheets, web browsers, and games.
Typical applications are word-processors, spreadsheets, web browsers and games.
Typical applications are work in progress tracking, material movements and labour tracking.
Typical applications comprise filtration of crystalline slurries and washing of the filter cake.
Typical applications concern the access to buildings, networks or secured data.
Typical applications consist of radar systems for aircraft, missiles, ships and medical systems.
Typical applications require the video sources to multiple boards to be in sync.
Some typical aquifers are illustrated below.
Typical areas targeted include the pap smears, mammograms, and diabetic eye exams.
Typical argument starts with it being fake.
Typical articles represent the consensus of outstanding clinicians.
Typical artifacts are houses, clothing, tools, etc., made and utilized by man.
Typical aspects needing improvement are general project management and contingency planning.
Typical assessments Write a brief study of the different types of books for children.
Typical assets are computers and laser printers.
Typical assistance includes emergency transportation or equipment.
Typical associates are Carex aquatilis var.
Typical attack is every day.
Typical attacks are identity spoofing leading to unauthorised access.
Typical audiences are elementary school children in the school district.
Typical audiences are hesitant to ignore the nuance of robotic characters.
Typical authentication requires matching numbers with code words.
Typical awards consist of loans and departmental scholarships.
Typical awards cover resident fees and tuition and a stipend to entering students.
Typical awards cover tuition and fees and provide a stipend to entering students for one year.
Typical awards cover tuition and fees and provide a stipend.
Typical baskets have tight fitting lids with a carving lashed to the center to form a handle.
Typical behavior is to hide the chest when in public or shun others.
Typical blazes have a stripe down the middle of their head continuing down their back.
Typical blisters can range from pea-size up to the size of a quarter, or even larger.
Typical book offers range from zero to one hundred thousand dollars.
Typical breezes are mild.
Typical bullies have attitude.
Typical bullies have negative attitude.
Typical bullies have problems.
Typical bullies have resolve problems.
Most typical bullies have attitude.
Most typical bullies have negative attitude.
Most typical bullies have problems.
Typical bundles contain one to two dozen papers.
Typical caches contain more than a single word per cache line.
Typical call is a raspy, hissing screech.
Typical CAMs are small, both in the number of bits per entry and the number of entries.
Typical candidates have electrical engineering degrees.
Typical candidates study music, architecture, painting, sculpture, and other fine arts.
Typical careers combine the excitement of discovery with the satisfaction of helping people.
Typical cases are two or three days including the jury selection day.
Typical cases involve drugs, household cleaners, cosmetics and pesticides.
Typical cases involve innocent construction of fences beyond the boundary line.
Typical cases involve multiple small, asymptomatic papules and nodules on the scrotum.
Typical cases involve the involuntary administration of psychiatric medications.
Typical cases occur in the late summer when hot conditions favor cyanobacterial growth.
Typical cases require no imaging.
Typical cat build, on a large scale.
Typical categories are lawn and garden equipment, small utility and construction equipment.
Typical categories are travel, meals, parking, rent or mortgage, groceries, and utilities.
Typical cause is bad permissions.
Typical causes are Animal dander's, house dust mite, feathers, pillow stuffings and molds.
Typical changes are mood swings, bloating, breast tenderness, headaches, and cramping.
Typical characteristics associated with fluency or stuttering disorders include the following.
Typical children have problems.
Typical childhood illnesses such as chicken pox, strep throat, ear infection.
Typical class starts with Less than devout prayers.
Typical classes are ten weeks long, two hours each night, with at least ten students in a class.
Typical classes are three semester hours.
Typical classes last two days and can be tailored to meet customer-specific requirements.
Typical client is has multiple locations.
Typical clients are banks, banking syndicates, and others seeking recovery.
Typical clients are farmers, ranchers, homeowners, and private and government organizations.
Typical clients are insurance companies, plantiff and defense attorneys.
Typical clients have multiple departments, large employee groups and complex scheduling rules.
Typical closure combines a typical functional and a typical structural closure.
Typical clubs meet as often as three times a week for skiing, outings, clinics, or club meetings.
Typical CMEs are prominent and have a loop-cavity structure.
Typical coaches have previous gymnastics or cheerleading experience as well as coaching experience.
Typical collateral includes equipment, inventory, or accounts receivable.
Typical collateral ranges from jewelry, to cars, to electronic equipment to guns.
Some typical colonies contain queens.
Typical colors are yellow, red, black, grey, dark green, orange, light pink, purple, and light blue.
Typical colors produced are the following.
Typical colors used in Tibetan hats are yellow, red, and black.
Typical coloration is a mottled mixture of brown and yellowish-white.
Typical coloration is black and white.
Typical coloration is brown, shaggy fur with a whitish neck and mane.
Typical coloring is olive-green to dark brown on the back with silvery sides and pale spotting.
Typical comets remain visible for periods of several weeks up to several months.
Some typical comments follow.
Some typical commerce includes a pharmacy and post office.
Typical committees are membership, promotion and financial.
Typical committees have four or five members.
Typical communities are ethnic, tribal, occupational, regional or religious groups.
Typical comparisons are illustrated below.
Typical complications involving the genitals include both urinary and sexual dysfunction.
Typical components used with passive crossovers are capacitors inductors and resistors .
Typical components used with passive crossovers are capacitors inductors and resistors.
Typical computers become obsolete in five years.
Typical conditions are cold winters and warm wet summers.
Typical configurations are either rotary or boom-type motion.
Typical configurations are two or three leaves laid side by side.
Typical conifers are pine, fir, yew, redwood, and spruce.
Typical construction begins with curved panels carefully cut out of thin, marine grade plywood.
Typical content includes individual's name, company, address, occupation, region, and district.
Typical contents are paint, strip-x, alcohol, and flux remover.
Typical contracts are in the areas of food service, clerical work, assembly, or custodial service.
Most typical contrast is dental vs. alveolar.
Typical costs are about a quater per minute of access.
Typical costs vary with the length and destinations of various expeditions.
Typical course runs a year or two with gradual loosening of the tightly ordered diet.
Typical course sequences for undergraduates and graduate students are also available.
Typical courses are windward - leeward.
Typical courses range from photography to painting to cartooning.
Typical courses use proctored exams.
All typical coverages are available as in the U.S. market.
Typical crops are corn, potatoes, wheat, and barley.
Typical crops are sorghum, cotton and groundnuts.
Typical crops planted to benefit waterfowl include grain sorghum, corn, duckwheat, and millet.
Typical culprits are chimney and plumbing chases.
Typical customers are churches, offices, schools and banks.
Typical customers are financial institutions.
Typical customers are grocery stores, motels, hospitals, warehouses and manufacturing facilities.
Typical customers come from both luxury saloon and luxury off-road vehicle segments.
Typical daily diets consist of salad.
Typical damage causes silvering and even death of the leaves.
Typical damage causes silvering and withering of the seedling leaves.
Typical damage is shown in photo.
Typical damage is skelotonization of foliage .
Typical databases have keyword values.
Some typical data is shown below.
Typical day includes lecture and discussion, and guided excursion.
Typical day involves putting it in the cradle for synching anyway.
Typical days are rare.
Any typical day is spent more on the business side than the shooting side.
Typical delivery is by common carrier with offloading to site by fork lift truck.
Typical demographics are shift, age, length of service, job level, department, location and more.
Typical deployment involves copying files from a development server to a productions server.
Typical designs are in the shape of old wooden barrels.
Typical destinations are England, Mexico and Spain.
Typical details are available for treating corners, roofline, base and other applications.
Typical detection ranges.
Typical development covers a wide variety of behaviours.
Typical devices acting as gateway are cellular phones and modems.
Typical devices are the size of a hand-held calculator with an alphabet keyboard.
Typical diagnosis is to look at the history and see how the pain progresses over time.
Typical diagrams covered include use case, class, activity, state, sequence, and collaboration.
Typical diets are unsustainable because they go against the grain of our natural instincts.
Typical diets consist of fruit.
Typical diets consist of matter.
Typical diets consist of salad.
Typical diets contain amounts.
Typical diets contain fruit vegetables.
Typical diets contain meat.
Typical diets contain sodium.
Typical diets contain vegetables.
Typical diets include fruit.
Typical diets provide proteins.
Many typical diets contain hidden fats.
Most typical diets consist of fruit.
Most typical diets consist of matter.
Most typical diets consist of salad.
Most typical diets contain amounts.
Most typical diets contain fruit vegetables.
Most typical diets contain meat.
Most typical diets contain sodium.
Most typical diets contain vegetables.
Most typical diets provide proteins.
Some typical diets contain carbohydrates.
Typical dimensions are product names, region, age groups, or time.
Typical diseases attacking the leaves and fruit on apple and pear trees are scab fungi.
Typical dishes are stir fried lamb with spring onions, spring onion pancakes and egg rolls.
Typical dishes includes baked chicken, imported Dover sole and fresh Maine lobster.
Some typical dishes using locally grown food are on the restaurant menu.
More typical distances are from a few meters to a few kilometers.
Typical dosage is two or three capsules with meals two or three times daily.
Typical dress is western or traditional, with businessmen usually preferring a business suit.
Typical drugs used include valproic acid, clonazepam, vigabatrin , felbamate and topimirate.
Typical dualists believe in a fixed or single truth that is available to all.
Typical duration is four to ten days.
Typical duration is one semester.
Typical duties can include client counseling on insurance needs, claims management and policy sales.
Typical Duties Performs a wide range of automated services duties.
Typical Duties Prepares medications for distribution.
Typical effects are disinhibition, drowsiness, tension reduction, relaxation.
Typical effects are steady state errors and oscillations.
Typical effects can be heart attacks, allergic reactions or food poisoning.
Typical efficiency ranges of irrigation pumps.
Typical electives taken by pharmaceutics majors include the following.
Typical electrolytes are solutions of acids, bases, salts, and molten salts.
Typical employers are consultants, government authorities and research institutions.
Typical employers are farmers, ranchers, dairies, and private or state game farms and preserves.
Typical employers are foundries, equipment manufacturers, pattern shops, and manufacturers.
Typical Employers Sign production and manufacturing businesses.
Typical employment is with park systems, private and public nature centers, zoos and museums.
Typical encasements are wrap and fill, epoxy molded, preformed box and metal enclosed.
Typical encasements are wrap and fill, preformed box, epoxy or durez dipped and metal enclosed.
Typical energies are many orders larger than e.g., power station generators.
Typical engagements run from one to four weeks for each major deliverable.
Typical engagements run from two to four weeks for each major deliverable.
Typical engineers know how to weld.
Typical entrees run the spectrum of the sea's bounty.
Typical entries are title, author, and subject.
Typical entries contain addresses, phone numbers, number of employees, and annual sales.
Typical entries contain one lengthy or several smaller paragraphs and a bibliography.
Typical entries list the linguistic and ethnic root of a name.
Typical entries provide the linguistic and ethnic root of a name.
Typical entry is a long, multi-page article.
Typical envelope is opened carefully, some with slight edge reductions.
Typical equipment used in training includes typewriters, computers, and transcribers.
Typical errors are much smaller when averaged over the exposure time of the observation.
Typical estimates are that government uses twice the inputs to get the same output.
Typical events are annual large conferences that the student groups do.
Typical exams do little more than evaluate how well a student has memorized answers.
Typical examples are argon and helium.
Typical examples are bands of Jupiter.
Typical examples are bankruptcy and economic depression.
Typical examples are books and CDs.
Typical examples are carrots, parsnips, fennel, cumin, and celery.
Typical examples are case study methods and syndicate group work material.
Typical examples are climate change, fresh water, clean air and soil erosion.
Typical examples are collaboration environments.
Typical examples are composite pipe, electrical conduit, and composite tanks.
Typical examples are coral reefs and rocky coasts.
Typical examples are current DV camcorders.
Typical examples are devices which increase the bus length, bus speed and number of devices.
Typical examples are dispersion relations, characteristic curves and coordinate transformations.
Typical examples are engineering design activities, office procedures, and banking systems.
Typical examples are guilt feelings, safety fears, and feelings of non-deservingness, among others.
Typical examples are help with walking or personal care.
Typical examples are ibuprofen, morphine, mebendazole, and ampicillin.
Typical examples are letters or other forms of correspondence addressed to a prospective client.
Typical examples are loans to young adults with no credit record.
Typical examples are mail and news spools.
Typical examples are multipath and the ionosphere, both a function of time.
Typical examples are oil-water separation, particle removal and salconcentrations.
Typical examples are option pricing, term structure calculations etc.
Typical examples are pages that have tables listing office locations or phone numbers.
Typical examples are paper products and miscellaneous office supplies.
Typical examples are poor staff training and non-existent work manuals.
Typical examples are postscript files, figures etc, needed when working on a publication.
Typical examples are programs that do simulations and mathematically intense solutions.
Typical examples are programs written in interpreted languages.
Typical examples are property and sales taxes.
Typical examples are rational numbers, real numbers or complex numbers.
Typical examples are recognition of objects in the scene against a database, template matching, etc.
Typical examples are reports of survey results or short-term applied research.
Typical examples are retinotopic maps, occular dominance, and orientation columns.
Typical examples are state-dependent impulse reward measures.
Typical examples are the climate change and the loss of biodiversity.
Typical examples are the electric eel , the electric catfishes , and electric rays .
Typical examples are the fates of two vessels out of local ports.
Typical examples are the manufacturing, high-technology and entertainment sectors.
Typical examples are the matrimonial home , furniture, and car.
Typical examples are the transistor and the integrated circuit.
Typical examples are unusually high deductions for medical or business expenses.
Typical examples are urbanisation or environmental change.
Typical examples are variance, mean absolute deviation, etc.
Typical examples are wind, geothermal and water power.
Typical examples are wind, geothermal, and water power.
Typical examples are world atlas maps and highway maps covering the larger states.
Typical examples are x-ray equipment, particle accelerators and electron microscopes.
Typical examples exist in all countries but none more so than in India.
Some typical examples appear below.
Some typical examples are computer languages, foreign languages, leadership skills.
Some typical examples are news internet, news basketball, news election, news canada, etc.
Some typical examples are web shopping carts, discussion forums, online product catalogs, etc.
Some typical examples exist in countries.
Typical exclusions are cosmetic surgery and going to the emergency room for non-emergency care.
Typical exercises are brief essays and calculations.
Typical expenditures are travel, books, supplies and materials, and photocopying.
Typical experiences require service-learning projects, internships and study abroad.
Typical experiments involve distances of a few meters.
Typical experiments involve measurements of fluid velocity, gas composition, and flame structure.
Some typical experiments involve beams.
Some typical experiments involve laser beams.
Typical extensions are .jpg or .jpeg.
Typical fabrication proceeds as shown below.
Typical facilities are a series of ponds, with most of the sediment settling in the first pond.
Typical facts Consider the following.
Typical factors are trends, drivers, barriers, strategies, suppliers, surveys, case examples.
Typical failures are power outages, sewer system and sump system failures.
Typical failures prove that safety is an active choice.
Typical fare includes continental and regional specialties and the freshest of seafood.
Typical fare is herb baked chicken with garlic roast potatoes and marionberry pie.
Typical fare is herb-baked chicken with garlic roast potatoes and marionberry pie.
Typical fare is pizza, chicken fingers, nacho chips, veggie trays, and free soda pop.
Typical fatigue fracture surface on copper polycrystal broken under load control.
Typical feature is strong winds, which lower temperatures significantly.
Typical features are interlace, spotted animals, foliage and imitations of black-letter script.
Typical features are to detect when schedules conflict or arrange a meeting that suits for everyone.
Typical feedback includes asking the DragSourceContext to change the cursor.
Typical feedlots resemble small cities.
Typical fellowships are for a minimum of two years.
Typical fellowships cover tuition and fees and provide a stipend for the first year.
Typical fields are physics, biology, and general science.
Typical fields are the first name, last name, age, address, etc. of that person.
Typical films are made of wax or related hydrophobic compounds.
Typical films feature space topics, nature films and technology films.
Typical findings depend on the severity of the disease and where it is located.
Typical finishes are smooth, woodgrain or cedar grain.
Typical fish are sunfish, bass, crappies, minnows, shiners, carp, and catfish.
Typical fish weigh a pound or less.
Typical fixtures send up to one-third of their light into the sky, rather than onto the roadway.
Typical flavors range from sour green apples all the way to ripe pineapples.
Typical flora includes grasses and annuals, most of which are alien species.
Typical flows are supersonic.
Typical fluids are blood, semen, and saliva.
Typical food is served in the restaurant where second-floor tables overlook the village square.
Typical forests occupy constantly changing, often resource limited environments.
Typical forests produce a great diversity of products.
Typical forms are brides chests, hanging wall cabinets and wardrobes.
Typical forms are of a black snake with either no bands or faint yellow to cream bands.
Typical formats are single and multiple column lists.
Typical frequency is about once a month.
Typical functions incorporated include muxing, clock generation and clock recovery.
Typical functions involve field collection and analysis of substructures in the earth.
Typical funds own a few dozen to a hundred securities.
Typical gains vary widely among men.
Typical galaxies shine with one solar luminosity.
Typical garb is a light tunic and loose pants.
Typical geode specimens contain quartz with either calcite, dolomite or barite.
Typical gifts are flowers, wine, candy, note cards, and home-made goodies.
Typical gigs can include swing, standards, oldies, classic rock, country or any combination.
Typical graduates find jobs as supervisors or entry-level managers.
Typical grants are for multi-year general operational support.
Typical grants cover the cost of modems, software, leased line service fees and subscriptions.
Typical grants range from three months to one year.
Typical grass cover crops for warm conditions include sudangrass and sorghum.
Typical grasses are little blue stem, switch grass, Indian grass, and sand reed grass.
Some typical grassland has shapes.
Some typical grassland has upright shapes.
Typical growth is approx.
Typical guides are sites that compile information on a specific subject.
Typical habit is granular or massive with no distinct form.
Typical habitat includes rivers, estuaries, lagoons, lakes, swamps and pools.
Typical habitat is canyon and mesa country, and most sightings are near water.
Typical habitat is forest, woodland or brush.
Typical habitat is in rich forest, fields, meadows, and thickets.
Typical habitat is relatively wet, with dense ground cover and understory.
Typical habitat is steep, rocky canyon country, or mountainous terrain.
Typical habitats are grasslands, woodlots, and brush piles.
Typical habitats consist of pasture.
Typical habitats include areas.
Typical habitats include landscapes.
Typical habitats include rivers.
Typical habitats include savannahs.
Most typical habitats consist of pasture.
Some typical habitats are near structures.
Typical hardware ranges from the very cheep to the very very expensive.
Typical herons feed during the day.
Typical homes are below.
Typical ICs provide their own insurance.
Typical illustrations follow.
Typical image has bright background and roots are dark elongated objects.
Typical image has complex background of soil and roots are bright elongated objects.
Typical implementations send the encoding table to the decoder as part of the encoded file.
Typical incidents involve workplace contamination hazards, hydrocarbons, and chlorine.
Typical inclusions are glossaries, footnotes, indexes, author and illustrator biographies, etc.
Typical inclusions are veil type or small scattered crystals.
Typical incumbents hold a huge advantage over challengers in campaign fundraising.
Typical indicators are smooth, sometimes polished, but pitted surfaces.
Typical information includes site name, location, and details necessary to develop the program.
Typical information is lively debate and news on Egypt.
Typical information is name, last login time, idle time, and can include a user-created plan.
Some typical information is listed below for reference.
Typical injuries are amputation, bone fractures, lacerations, electrical shock.
Typical injuries compensated are anaphylaxis, paralytic polio, and encephalopathy.
Typical injury appears as spreading patches of brown, dead grass.
More typical injury is produced by egg-laying punctures, shaped as crescent slits in the skin.
Typical insecticides kill pests by attacking their nervous system.
Typical installation is a few hours with one person.
Typical installation is on an outdoor concrete pad in a rural or urban setting.
Typical installation is on the underside of the hood or headlight frames and doors.
Typical installation requires hefty licensing fees.
Typical installation takes only minutes without disrupting existing network clients and servers.
Typical installations are stables, kennels and catteries.
Typical instances are certain types of painful musculo-skeletal conditions.
More typical instances are easier to recognize as belonging to any particular concept.
Typical instructors treat their courses as well defined, well structured for learning.
Typical instrumentation includes banjo, fiddle, mandolin, guitar, dobro and bass.
Typical instrumentation includes percussions, congas, maracas, tamboras, horns and trumpets.
Typical interior has red velvet interior with full lenght mirror on lid.
Typical internships involve planning, working on and completing a specific project.
Typical intervals are one to three hours.
Typical intervals range from minutes to hours.
Typical interviews are a notoriously poor predictor of later performance in the job.
Typical inventions are physical objects, procedures, methods, and products.
Typical issue contains aphorisms and essays on freethought and anarchism.
Typical issues contain community news articles, photos and a spiritual reflection.
Typical issues contain papers clustered around a theme.
Typical issues involve fears about repeated medical follow-up and diagnostic tests.
Typical issues involve road upgrades, county safety improvements and concerns.
Typical items are listed for each category and a cost analysis of each vendor is provided.
Typical items consist of furniture, roofing materials, and carpet.
Typical items used are tin lids for wheels and soda pop cans for the boiler.
Typical jellyfish have stinging tentacles that trail from the edge of their bell.
Typical jobs deal with bookkeeping, office records and information processing.
Typical jobs range from waiting tables to retail sales to secretarial work.
Typical kids have the chance to be on sports and feel good about themselves.
Typical kits report on potassium, phosphorus, nitrogen, and pH levels.
Typical landscaping requires a large amount of irrigation water.
Typical latency is less than one millisecond.
Typical lathes are around four to seven per cent.
Typical length is about sixteen inches.
Typical lengths are four, six or eight feet.
Typical lesions are white to yellow plaques or raised masses.
Typical lesions occur at an area of skin abrasion or by accidental means when vaccinating.
Typical lessons involve younger students in role-playing, craft activities, and classroom elections.
Typical life is much greater than that.
Typical lifetimes are very short, for example if then .
Typical light bulbs convert electrical energy.
Typical light bulbs convert energy.
Typical lizards are hardy and easily kept in captivity though they move very quickly.
Typical loads are drills, saws, water pumps, rotating antennas, generators, and so forth.
More typical loans are for dairy cows, honey bees, chickens, barber shop equipment and rickshaws.
Typical localization is the sigma, but the right- sided colon and cecum can also be affected.
Typical locations are local public libraries, town halls, or public health offices.
Typical locations are the various national parks.
Typical loot is very good.
Typical lunch consists of fatty meat.
Typical lunch consists of meat.
Most typical lunch consists of fatty meat.
Typical machines used for punching operations are power presses and iron workers.
Typical macules occur in the fingers, elbows, knees, lower back, and genital area.
Typical mail is handled with sendmail, a highly customizable mail exchange server.
Typical mammals are brown bear, elk, wolf, beaver and badger.
Typical manifestations occur in the brain, skin,eye, heart, kidney, bones, lungs and intestine.
Typical marathoners walk as little as possible in their runs.
Typical markets are home or consumer applications.
Typical markets are service centres, pipe, tube and conduit, construction, automotive and others.
Typical markups are double what the weaver gets, and there's little room for bargaining.
More typical marshals are Louisville television personalities.
Typical materials filtered out of the air are pollens, carbon particulates and blowing dust.
Typical matrix has rows and columns.
Typical meals add curry and a spicy raw vegetable salad.
Typical meals are high in fat and cholesterol.
Typical meals consist of dishes.
Typical meals consist of food.
Typical meals consist of many small dishes.
Typical meals consist of small dishes.
Typical meals consist of vegetable dishes.
Typical meals include meat.
Typical meals include meaty stew.
Typical meals include plenty.
Typical meals include stew.
Typical meals range from grilled steaks and chicken to pizza, lasagna, and salads.
Typical meals vary between regions.
Most typical meals consist of dishes.
Most typical meals consist of food.
Most typical meals consist of many small dishes.
Most typical meals consist of small dishes.
Most typical meals consist of vegetable dishes.
Some typical meals consist of rice.
Some typical meals consist of steam rice.
Typical measurement is with three-wire RTDs.
Typical medicaments are antibiotics.
Typical meditation consists of a simple recursive technique.
Typical meetings consist of round table discussions on conversion topics lead by a featured speaker.
Typical meetings occur prior to drywall, before carpeting is installed and upon completion.
Typical member is a person who is interested in purchasing a franchise or dealership business.
Typical members have deep roots and small, mealy or hair-covered alternate leaves.
Typical membership begins at the student chapter level.
Typical metal finishing processes produce air emissions, wastewater effluent, and solid waste.
Typical meteors are bright with medium speed.
Typical methods are composite video, composite sync, and horizontal or vertical sync.
Typical methods deal with all scales on a fine grid which wastes resources.
Typical methods range from mild reprisals to terminating reprimands.
Typical methods used to find depth are triangulation and time of flight.
Typical microbes live within a relatively narrow temperature range.
Typical minerals found in geodes include quartz and chalcedony, calcite, and selenite.
Typical minors are chemistry, chemical engineering, mathematics, computer science, and management.
Typical minors are psychology, sociology, women's studies, criminology or related social sciences.
Typical molecules have atomic separations of just a few Angstroms.
Typical monitors display a very low range of RGB color.
Typical moods are relaxed, tense, grouchy, annoyed, cheerful, downhearted, or nostalgic.
Typical motion is constrained, however, to some finite maximum speed of the camera position.
Typical mushrooms are the fruiting bodies of some forms of fungi.
Typical mycobacteria fall into four main patterns of their mycolic acid composition.
Typical needs are English classes, translators, housing, education and health care.
Typical networks have a limit on the size of messages they can transmit.
Typical norms used in computer graphics are the norms, but also more general norms can be employed.
Typical numbers contain papers clustered around a theme.
Typical nutrients are nitrogen, phosphorous, potash, iron, and boron, etc.
Typical objects are beams, shafts, and parts of a mechanism.
Typical objects are clones, genes, alleles, papers, sequences, etc.
Typical objects employed include a candle flame or a flower.
Typical observations indicate hourly rates of only one to two per hour.
Typical offerings are the French film, the German film, the Russian film, and so on.
Typical offerings consist of overstock merchandise and equipment.
Typical offerings involve Web training on managing conflict, team-building and sales techniques.
Typical offsets vary according to tank configuration and requirements.
Typical onset is during late adolescence and early adulthood.
Typical operations are addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , and square root .
Typical operations are addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and square root.
Typical operators can be unary or binary.
Typical options are 'y' and 'n'.
Typical orders are for Air photos, paper or mylar maps, software on CD media, etc.
Typical organizations are businesses, government agencies, universities, and nonprofit groups.
Typical output is shown below.
Typical outputs are production rate, machine utilization, efficiency, performance measures, etc.
Typical owls vary greatly in size .
Typical owls vary greatly in size.
Typical pagers are more , less , and page .
Typical painkillers work, but have side effects.
Typical parameters are the position and kinematics of articulators.
Typical parameters are the same as for startup.
Typical parameters are weight, power , computer memory capacity, and similar items .
Typical part runs range from a few hundred to several thousand.
Typical parts are radomes, custom auto bodies, boat hulls, and jigs and fixtures.
Typical participants are coffee shops and alternative grocers.
Typical participants are mid-career journalists who actively report on European affairs.
Typical partnerships vary in scale.
Typical passenger is more active, and creates their own fun, rather than waiting to be entertained.
Typical patient is teenager or child with gastrointestinal bleeding.
Typical patrons are after-work yuppie groups, couples, and some families.
Typical patterns emerge in all abuse cases.
Typical peers serve as great role models for socialization purposes.
Typical peers volunteer their time as peer tutors in the areas of academics and social skills.
Typical pests are caterpillars, thrips, snails, and parasitic nematodes.
Some typical phrases are.
Typical pieces are wainscot, slat and banister chairs, trestle tables, chests and settle.
Typical pieces cover politics, scandal, ethnicity, and culture.
Typical pinworm infection causes serious problems.
Typical placements are with federal, state and local environmental agencies.
Typical plans can include a combination of employment, job search, training, and other pursuits.
Typical plans have three tiers.
Typical plants are heath shrubs, sphagnum moss, and sedges.
Typical plants found are sagebrush, greasewood, rabbit and antelope bush, and bunch grass.
Some typical plants are dogwood, willow, and elderberry.
Typical planter has few slaves, but typical slave is on big plantation.
Typical plastics provide noise reduction similar to that for glass of the same mass.
Typical play begins by betting, followed by the deal.
Typical polyurethanes consist of hard and soft alternating segments.
Typical positions are in quality assurance, product development and processing.
Typical positions serve as project team leaders.
Typical powder is traditional black powder.
Typical practices consist of drills and scrimmaging.
Typical practices yield multiple benefits.
Typical preachers strain to please the crowds.
Typical presentation favours bacterial pneumonia.
Typical presentation includes swelling and pain in a single joint accompanied by fever.
Typical presentation is asymmetric swelling of an isolated muscle, with exquisite pain and fever.
Typical prey are the larvae of caddisflies, mayflies, two-winged flies and shrimps.
Typical prey includes agouti , pacas and capybaras .
Typical prey includes flies , crickets , grasshoppers , beetles , and caterpillars .
Typical prices are below.
Typical problems are rotator cuff impingement , carpal tunnel syndrome and elbow tendinitis.
Typical problems are white salty deposits around cracks.
Typical problems are wordiness, using jargon, and using the passive voice.
Typical problems involve right censoring, missing data, and repeated observations.
Typical problems require a search space of dimensions from a few thousands to a few million.
Some typical problems have the following symptoms.
Typical procedures entail heating aqueous solutions of alumina and silica with sodium hydroxide .
Typical products are centrifuge ware, filterware and safety shields.
Typical products are chips, flakes, cereals, peanuts and vegetables.
Typical products are insulators, substrates, sensor housings, seals, wear plates, and threadguides.
Typical products are narrow band optical filters used in fibre-optic communications.
Typical products are plastics, petrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, food, and energy fuels.
Typical products are prepared salads, recipe meals, pizza, pasta, dips, bread snacks and desserts.
Typical programs are special events such as banquets, receptions and ceremonies.
Typical programs read file input and then write file output.
Typical programs vary in length from two days to three weeks.
Typical programming includes all musical styles, from classical to jazz.
Typical projects address economic development, safety, and congestion.
Typical projects are a brochure, annual report, package design and an ad campaign using storyboards.
Typical projects are formal and informal speeches, interviewing, and outline work.
Typical projects are greater than one week and less three weeks in length.
Typical projects are large-scale application oriented problems.
Typical projects are replacement of the roof, heating system, water heater, sewer line, etc.
Typical projects are subdivisions, multifamily projects and commercial developments.
Typical projects involve a variety of partners and perspectives.
Typical projects involve adapting available equipment to perform a specific task.
Typical projects involve communications, interactive media, and direct end user involvement.
Typical projects involve communications, interactive media, and direct end-user involvement.
Typical projects involve electronics, optics, software, mechanical design, and packaging.
Typical projects involve graduate students from both academic departments working jointly.
Typical projects range from fundamental research to design optimization.
Typical projects range from user interface design to data acquisition and analysis.
Typical projects require analysis of a substantial data set using advanced statistical software.
Typical properties are for natural, unpigmented resins unless otherwise stated.
Typical properties shown in the property sheet are color and font selections.
Typical proteins emit thousands of signals, one for every hydrogen atom in the molecule.
Typical provisions show the extent of the flood plain on maps.
Typical pyrotechnics are shellcrackers, rope firecrackers, and racket and whistle bombs.
Typical quacks are produced by females.
Typical queries are in regard to software, hardware, peripherals, or Internet resources.
Typical queries have to do with health, behavioural or customer-service issues.
Typical questions involve statistical, legislative or judicial information.
Typical questions range from employment opportunities to driving privileges.
Typical questions refer to course projects, special options or work placements.
Typical radiators are single.
Typical range is about six feet.
Typical range is approx.
Typical rates are even lower.
Typical reaction includes pain.
Typical reactions are first shock, and then depression.
Typical reactions are skin rash, etc.
Typical reactions can include headaches, dizziness and fatigue.
Typical reactions can include itching, burning, chafing, and stinging.
Most typical reaction includes pain.
Typical readers take regular riding lessons at schools and attend equestrian summer camps.
Typical receiver architectures.
Typical recommendations are to limit groups to an age range of no more than three months.
Typical reconstructions require thousands of shots.
Typical recovery is four to six weeks.
Typical recovery occurs within one to two weeks.
Typical reefs are expanses of rugged limestone with numerous ledges, tunnels, and canyons.
Typical regeneration is carried out in kilns using electricity, natural gas or other fuel.
Typical regulators get a little flaky at pressures below that.
Typical relationships are one too many, where one parent entity has many children.
Typical reports comprise lists of materials, components, etc.
Typical requests are for instance 'subscribe', 'review', 'unsubscribe'.
Typical requests are for safety equipment, boots, or gloves.
Typical requests come from high schools, universities, and civic organizations.
Typical requirement is one semester of introductory statistics.
Typical research is hypothesis-testing.
Typical residents are teachers, secretaries, police officers, nurses and blue-collar workers.
Typical resins used are polyester, vinyl ester, and epoxy with many being UV cure initiated.
Typical resolutions increase, therefore, as larger memories and displays become more affordable.
Typical response is within a few hours.
Typical results are in files such as colsrep.txt for image column data.
Typical results are shown.
Typical results are the daily battles to win that day, or even that meal.
Typical results vary depending on the competitiveness of the category among other factors.
Typical returns are concise but informative.
Typical reviews describe what a product can do and what's good about it.
More typical rhizomes are the larger type, which span up to an eighth inch in diameter.
Typical rivers begin with a flow from headwater areas made up of small tributaries, such as springs.
Typical road designs form drainage and stability.
Typical roots are global variables, other static data, and the control stack .
Typical rosettes are formed.
Typical sanctions are fines, community service, probationary status, etc.
Typical satellite recieve only configuration.
Typical savings resulting from the use of the translator is measured in thousands of dollars.
Typical scams involve multiple family trusts, limited partnerships and offshore banks.
Typical scanners can easily display either horizontal or vertical cross sections of the object.
Typical schedules are biannually, annualy or every three years.
Typical schemes involve stuffing envelopes.
Typical screens are perhaps half of that.
Typical sealers are coal-tar based.
Typical searches target property types, characteristics, or locations.
Typical sectors are the mobile communication, wireless data transfer, military, avionic and space.
Typical sediments are coarse immature alluvial debris and fluvial deposits.
Typical selections are as follows.
Typical selections are new paperback releases.
Typical sensitivity is in the ppb range.
Typical sentences range from six months in a county jail to several years at a state prison.
Typical servers generate the headers dynamically, but use stored document content.
Typical servers run forever, accepting and servicing requests as they arrive.
Typical service is from the front of the cabinet.
Typical services are foreign exchange trunks and lines and off premises station lines.
Typical services provided under a lease system include a place to camp, water and firewood.
Typical sessions are on an hour and a half duration, weekly.
Typical sessions are two to three hours.
Typical setups use an evacuated glass tube that is gradually heated in a controlled manner.
Typical shapes are ovoid, globose or cylindrical.
Typical shift varies dependant on the school year.
Typical shift varies.
Typical shots are below.
Typical sign is one of a sensory level below which sensation is diminished.
Typical signs are diarrhoea and poor body condition.
Typical signs are flashbacks which come involuntarily.
Typical signs are redness of the eyelid lining, squinting, and discharge.
Typical sites are the liver, spleen and kidney.
Typical sites are tourist islands in Caribbean, Mediterranean and Pacific seas.
Typical size is an inch or more for females, with males being slightly smaller.
Typical size is slightly less than an inch.
Typical sizes range from microscopic to at most a few millimeters in diameter.
Typical sizes range from two and a half to four inches.
Typical sliders can be heavy and difficult to remove for cleaning.
Typical soils allow rapid, downward movement of water and many nutrients.
Typical soils are sandy, acidic, and low in organic matter.
Typical solution is to replace the pots with digital encoders.
Typical solutions require thousands of timesteps to reach convergence.
Typical solvents are diethyl ether and tetrahydrofuran .
Typical solvents are diethyl ether and tetrahydrofuran.
Typical songs are well under three megabytes in size.
Typical sources are a button click, keyboard press, programmatic event, etc.
Typical sources are motor vehicles, power plants, industrial boilers and other fuel-burning sources.
Typical sources are state and regional seed funds.
Typical sources are the lottery and various local sources.
Typical sources are unrefrigerated ham, poultry, potato or egg salad, and custards.
Some typical specifications call for operations.
Typical spray dried products include infant formula, powdered milk, blood, and powdered cheese.
Typical stems are the trunks and branches of shrubs and trees, and the stalks of nonwoody plants.
Typical steps are acid rest, protein rest, saccharification rest and mash out.
Typical stock includes standard circular, low profile, and micro styles.
Typical strategies are more mid-range, medium term.
Typical strategies are relatively close range and focus on the short term.
Typical strategies are value based, contrarian or momentum based.
Typical students are engineering, science, mathematics and quantitative sciences majors.
Typical students are highly motivated and highly capable in mathematics.
Typical students are in engineering and related disciplines.
Typical students are interested in applications of engineering and technology.
Typical students are prisoners of time too.
Typical students are respiratory therapists, pharmacists, physicians, nurses or paramedics.
Typical students come from all ages and backgrounds.
Typical students have tunnel vision, at least at the outset of their academic careers.
Typical students make a variety of choices.
Typical students use the material, often showing problems with the initial design.
Typical sufferers are male and they tend to be aggressive in behavior, showing little or no remorse.
Typical summaries range from breed, age and sex to institution and year.
Typical summers feature workshops for teachers of all grade levels.
Typical support is a small travel grant to enable researchers to gather data first-hand.
Typical supports are task structuring, and access to information, advice, and learning.
Typical supports used are activated carbon, alumina or other speciality materials.
Typical surface mixing ratios vary considerably depending on meteorological conditions.
Typical symptoms are a rheumatic type of pain and general weakness.
Typical symptoms are a shortness of breath and a headache.
Typical symptoms are cough, weight loss, and fatigue.
Typical symptoms are delays in getting dial tone and a rapid busy signal.
Typical symptoms are fever, headache, lethargy, muscular pains and rash.
Typical symptoms are floaters and decreased vision.
Typical symptoms are gastro- enteritis with diarrhoea, abdominal cramps.
Typical symptoms are headache, fever, muscle aches, vomiting, diarrhea and nausea.
Typical symptoms are inflammations, pain and numbness in the afflicted areas.
Typical symptoms are loss of vision, motor strength, coordination, and bowel and bladder control.
Typical symptoms are nausea, hives, skin rash, nasal congestion, and wheezing.
Typical symptoms are numbness or burning in the fingers or wrist.
Typical symptoms are ophthalmoparesis and DE exercise intolerance.
Typical symptoms are pain and a pinching or tingling feeling in the fingers , hand and wrist.
Typical symptoms are pain and a pinching or tingling feeling in the fingers, hand and wrist.
Typical symptoms are small brown spots that are surrounded by a light-green or yellow halo.
Typical symptoms are stiffness and soreness around the elbow and pain when throwing.
Typical symptoms are stuffed-up nose, poor appetite, headache and mild tiredness.
Typical symptoms are the obvious, such as ear pain, ear drainage, or diminished hearing.
Typical symptoms are white bands on one or more leaves.
Typical symptoms are white humps, dry mouth, difficulty swallowing, and an altered sense of taste.
Typical symptoms can include shortness of breath, tightness in the chest, wheezing, and coughing.
Typical symptoms resemble the common cold.
Typical system can monitor up to six doors and thousands of employees.
Typical system designs hardware costs are also discussed.
Typical systems are electromechanical devices containing embedded computer controllers.
Typical systems are rare gases on layer compounds and other similar systems.
Typical systems can support a minimum of five real time connections.
Typical systems combine two supplies to provide redundant power.
Typical systems involve a three-tier architecture with a central or distributed database.
Typical systems pay for themselves on the production increase in less than six months.
Typical tasks are design of the process and the system and planning of the production operation.
Typical tasks are diagnosis, planning, scheduling, configuration and design.
Typical Tenants are expatriate families and reputable Russian business people.
Typical tenses are past, present, and future.
Typical textures are sand, clay or a mixture of the two.
Typical times are anywhere from a few seconds to a few minutes.
Typical tips are approx.
Some typical titles are customer engineer and field service engineer.
Typical topics are history of transformational grammar, anaphora, logical form.
Typical topics are neural networks, natural language processing, articifial life.
Typical topics are neural networks, natural language processing, artificial life.
Typical topics covered are career planning, resume writing, job search methods, and interviewing.
Typical topics covered include foods, kinship, animals, trees and plants.
Typical topics range from gays in the military to the environment.
Typical tour includes a dorm visit, classrooms, labs, and time at the recreation center.
Typical tours are about two hours long but can be shortened.
Typical tours are to secluded island spots or the basic, more popular sites.
Typical tracks are from east to west at low latitudes.
Typical training is provided by the employers of security personnel at various levels.
Typical treatment includes the following areas.
Typical treatment is an emollient, especially one that can improved the general health of the skin.
Typical treatment is radiation and surgery.
Typical treatment is two hours per day, five days a week.
Typical triggers are specific dates or a certain number of system starts.
Typical trips are approximately one week long and include sight-seeing opportunities in Moscow.
Typical trips have several moving days and one or two layover days for relaxing and exploring.
Typical turnaround is five business days.
Typical types are gif's and jpg's.
Typical undergrowth includes willow, alder, fern, berries, grasses, and mosses.
Typical units are parts per million per volt and percentage per volt.
Typical uses are container classes such as collections, lists and stacks.
Typical uses are for automated data loading and exception reporting.
Typical uses are grain drying, aeration, and sometimes pressure duct air distribution.
Typical uses are in the slag, glass processing, and metal revert industries.
Typical uses are milk, soda, shampoo, and detergent bottles.
Typical uses are printers, scanners, digital cameras, keyboards, mice, monitors and speakers.
Typical usage defines it as any energy source that is replenished at least as fast as it is used .
Typical usage defines it as any energy source that is used faster than it is replenished .
Typical usage has two stamps on cover to meet the air mail postage rate.
Typical usage involves a heavy object thrown while the instructor stands on the board.
Typical usage involves holding the steel brick in one hand and hitting the brick with a hammer.
Typical usage is a mass-download.
Typical usage is for one winter season.
Typical usage is in multiple arrays, automatically recorded by a field data logger.
Typical usage is to first compile the source file install.java to a class file install.class .
Typical usages are ads, billboards, vehicles and products.
Typical use is for cal constants, etc.
Typical use is from the stove to the masonary or insulated chimney.
Typical use is one to three capsules two or three times daily.
Typical use is to generate a gray-scale version of a color image.
Typical use is to indicate the unit of measurement to the user.
Typical use is to start a new paragraph element when inside a paragraph.
Typical use requires addition to a pre-viscosified fluid, having adequate suspending properties.
Typical uses are automobile showrooms, automotive service facilities and warehouses.
Typical uses are for feedback or enquiries.
Typical uses are to provide comments the Web surfer can enter.
Typical uses are to show road works and areas known to be particularly heavily congested.
Some typical uses are remote controls for televisions, etc.
Typical users are doctor's surgeries, hospital departments, maintenence staff or equivalent.
Typical users are lawyers, real estate agents and accountants.
Typical users are oil exploration, forestry and power distribution.
Typical users are traders, risk managers, gas and power marketers, utilities, brokers, and auditors.
Typical users range from grade school students to college students to curious web surfers.
Typical users vary based on the individual's needs.
Typical value is km .
Typical values are .
Typical values are and a few , respectively, allowing an integration time of a few seconds.
Typical values are around a minute or so.
Typical values are personal time, freedom, and challenge.
Typical values are salary, real estate, or stock holdings.
Typical values differ for lotteries of different countries.
Typical values provide supplemental information beyond guaranteed specification limits.
Typical vegetation includes cattails.
Typical vegetation includes live oak, red maple and swamp tupelo.
Typical vegetation includes swamptimothy, pricklegrass, and watergrass.
Most typical vegetation includes cattails.
Typical verbs found in objectives include to write, to list, to analyze, to solve, and to discuss.
Typical viewers are affluent professional males and females who are college graduates.
Typical violations have density values below the minimum requirement.
Typical visits are for one to two weeks but can be longer or shorter.
Typical visits are less than one week.
Typical visits are two hours in length.
Typical vitiligo shows areas of milky-white skin.
Typical volunteers offer one shift per week, with the option to work two or more.
Typical wages are difficult to assess as they vary widely.
Typical waste includes wipes, tape, cardboard, paper towels, gloves, bags, plastic suits, and tools.
Typical water flow through the household.
Typical weakness lies in a tendency toward impracticality, very conspicuous in extreme types.
Typical weddings produce three or four times as many pictures.
Typical western diets contain amounts.
Typical wetlands are swamps, marshes, or bogs.
Typical windmills are made up of a base, a shaft, blades, and a generator.
Typical work activities Collects and analyses data from GPs on health needs.
Typical work activities Instructing, tutoring and resourcing courses.
Typical work includes audio and copy typing, filing, faxing, billing and organising diaries.
Typical work includes construction of new theme park rides and updates of existing attractions.
Typical work includes participation on project teams, programming and writing.
Typical zones are the oceans or the tropical rain forests.
Typification is a habit many people seem to have.
Typification is a representation
Typification is discussed.
Typing errors are another cause.
Typing errors are frequent.
Typing errors are minimal.
Typing errors are still errors.
Most typing errors are a matter of coordination and timing.
Most typing programs allow a pretest.
Typing  misspell words.
Typing  reads.
Typing  thinks.
Typing are activities.
Typing are skills.
Typing are subjects.
Typing are used for communication.
Typing are used for fun.
Typing are used for using computers.
Typing are used for writing.
Typing are writing.
Typing cause books.
Typing cause communicating.
Typing cause communication.
Typing cause errors.
Typing cause lesions.
Typing cause letters.
Typing cause pain.
Typing cause printed paper.
Typing cause printed words.
Typing cause stories.
Typing cause text.
Typist job is to report any new information to the group.
A typist is an employee
Typists are available to assist with the preperation of resumes.
Typists are employees.
Typists can retype a valuable document in a few minutes.
Typists can sight-type and shadow very well.
Typists do it in triplicate.
Typists do it with their fingers.
Typists generally receive higher salaries if they have word processing experience.
Typists set up and enter letters, bills, reports, and memos.
Typists strike the keys with four to seven times the force necessary.
All typists are independent contractors.
Some typists take out their aggressions on the keyboard.
A typo is a mistake
Typo fixes in comments.
Typos abound in chat sessions.
Typos appear here and there like stains on a white linen tablecloth put down for a feast.
Typos are common mistakes.
Typos are everywhere and so try to deal with that.
Typos are human, yes.
Typos are inevitable, and web addresses seem to shift like ships on the sea.
Typos are inevitable.
Typos are no extra charge.
Typos are rare.
Typos are unacceptible.
Typos give character and flavour.
Typos mean carelessness, and no employer wants a careless employee.
Typos always destroy good sarcasm.
All typos are computer errors.
All typos are optical illusions.
All typos are sic.
Any typos are the fault of the captioner.
Any typos are unintentional, but the commas, punctuations and indents are as on the original record.
More typo fixes and area file corrections.
Some typo fixes.
Typograhical errors are the most common occurence, especially with passwords.
A typographer is a pressman
Typographers are individuals concerned with the creation of new letterforms.
Many typographers feel that a serif face is more easily readable for text.
Most typographers stick to two typefaces in a book or report.
Some typographers use the same term for the lowercase r .
Typographical controls are available, but are unreliable to the point of being counter-productive.
A typographical error is a mistake
Typographical errors abound.
Typographical errors are an instant turn-off.
Typographical errors are random.
Typographical errors are sometimes common.
Typographical errors are subject to correction at the time an order is placed.
Typographical errors are subject to correction.
Typographical errors are unacceptable.
Typographical errors can include omissions, repetitions, double strikes, or transpositions.
Typographical errors do probably exist.
Typographical errors result in confusion, and the flashy formatting gets in the way of the content.
Typographical errors take away from the quality material that is found therein.
All typographical errors are subject to correction.
Any typographical errors are from the source.
Any typographical errors are the result of retyping.
Typographical style changes with the model chosen.
Typological allegory points to a story.
Typological studies focus on describing tool shapes.
A typology is a classification
Typologies are categorizations.
Typologies facilitate a gain in the general understanding by making clear what commonalties exist.
Typology identifies the principal types of farming, which are then further broken down.
Typology is a mode of thought and of rhetoric.
Typology is an important form of prophecy.
Typology is classical.
Typology is one major reason.
Any typology easily runs roughshod over multiple variations and overlap between types.
A tyramine is amino acid
Tyramine causes release of a chemical that stimulates brain activity.
Tyramine is in cheese, wines, and anything aged or fermented.
Tyrannical death seems so invincible, so universally victorious.
Tyrannical governments kill far more people than private criminals.
Tyrannical states attack the family.
Tyrannids abound in rainforests and disturbed areas.
A tyrannosaur is a dinosaur
Tyrannosaurs also show a good many more maniraptoran autapomorphies, particularly in the skull.
Tyrannosaurs have tiny arms, with only two clawed fingers.
A tyrannosaurus is a dinosaur
Tyrannosaurus indulge in a ritual called 'courtship feeding'.
Tyrannosaurus is feared by most of the herbivores and small carnivores in the game.
Tyrannosaurus is one of the playable dinosaurs in Primal Carnage , and the toughest of any class .
Tyrannosaurus isa theropod.
Tyrannosauruses has-part teeth.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) brains.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) breasts.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) cell membranes.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) cells.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) chest cavities.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) chests.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) corpi.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) cytoplasm.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) ears.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) faces.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) heads.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) nuclei.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) pedal extremities.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) plasma membranes.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) rib cages.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) sections.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) skulls.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) sterna.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) vacuoles.
Tyrannosauruses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Tyrannosauruses have feet.
Tyrannosauruses have keen vision.
Tyrannosauruses have leg muscles.
Tyrannosauruses have mass.
Tyrannosauruses have muscles.
Tyrannosauruses have relative mass.
Tyrannosauruses have vision.
Tyrannosauruses kill prey.
Tyrannosauruses need food.
Tyrannosauruses possess teeth.
Tyrannosauruses share ability.
Tyrannosauruses weigh tons.
Most tyrannosauruses has-part teeth.
Most tyrannosauruses have feet.
Most tyrannosauruses have keen vision.
Most tyrannosauruses have leg muscles.
Most tyrannosauruses have mass.
Most tyrannosauruses have muscles.
Most tyrannosauruses have relative mass.
Most tyrannosauruses have vision.
Most tyrannosauruses kill prey.
Most tyrannosauruses share ability.
Most tyrannosauruses weigh tons.
Some tyrannosauruses appear in films.
Some tyrannosauruses have arms.
Some tyrannosauruses have brains.
Some tyrannosauruses have enamel.
Some tyrannosauruses have health.
Some tyrannosauruses have ranges.
Some tyrannosauruses have senses.
Some tyrannosauruses have short arms.
Tyrannous rulers begin to fear for their positions, or their lives or both.
Tyrannous rulers begin to fear for their positions, or their lives, or both.
Tyranny asks interestings question of the player.
Tyranny comes cheap.
Tyranny dehumanizes and degrades people.
Tyranny encompasses the evils of both democracy and oligarchy.
Tyranny grows with what it feeds upon.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom.
Tyranny is autarchy
Tyranny is events.
Tyranny needs fear, whether it's tyranny of the mind and spirit or of the person.
Tyranny occurs because the citizenry are unarmed.
Tyranny offers reform guidelines that keep both stake-holder and stockholder in mind.
Tyranny shows how to fix the scorecard.
Tyranny always fails because it is coercive, and coercion is incompatible with human nature.
All tyrannies are wrong, including tyranny by the majority.
Most tyrannies subsist less by committing atrocities than by creating dependents.
A tyrant flycatcher is a bird
Tyrant flycatchers are the largest family of birds.
A tyrant is a potentate
Tyrants are certainties made flesh.
Tyrants are consummate liars.
Tyrants are dictators.
Tyrants are heads of state.
Tyrants are impervious to logic.
Tyrants are leaders.
Tyrants are like mad dogs and wolves.
Tyrants are militiaphobic.
Tyrants are most dangerous when they are wounded and dying.
Tyrants are people.
Tyrants are powerful only when they have mobs of fools to carry out their tyrannies.
Tyrants are rulers.
Tyrants call such thinkers mush- heads, and then they try to crush the heads.
Tyrants can fool themselves as thoroughly as they fool everyone else.
Tyrants can kill the body.
Tyrants never feel secure until they have disarmed the people.
Tyrants never reveal their true agenda up front.
Tyrants never reveal their true agenda upfront.
Tyrants never take away liberties all at once.
Tyrants retain power by crushing dissent.
Tyrants rule Anatolia.
Tyrants still dictate.
Tyrants sujim safest in a crimson flood.
Tyrants take the power.
Tyrants tend to get sloppy and play fast and loose with the rules.
Tyrants try to kill criticism.
Tyrants always wave the flag.
All tyrants are liars.
All tyrants are mendacious persons.
Tyre has (part) sections.
Tyre is a ring
Tyre is made of rubber.
Tyre isa artifact.
Tyre modelling Tyre behaviour is often the 'hot topic' in vehicle dynamics research.
Tyres also suffer from long term storage of the car.
Tyres are also a big issue.
Tyres are black because they contain carbon black.
Tyres are in good condition.
Tyres are made using moulds, where the molten rubber is poured into the mould and then left to set.
Tyres are the secret of motorsport sucess.
Tyres are virtually non-degradable and spread noxious fumes when burnt.
Tyres Check the pressure with a gauge.
Tyres come in a variety of tread designs to provide traction in all driving conditions.
Tyres lose pressure at different rates, so look at all the tyres on a regular basis.
Tyres make up about two thirds of sales, sports goods one quarter.
Tyres smoke and squeal on corners, and the best thing - no dust.
Some tyre fills with air.
A tyrolean is a hat
Tyrolean continues to capitalize on opportunities.
Tyrosine kinase is an enzyme required for tumor growth.
Tyrosine kinase is an enzyme that is required for most tumor cell proliferation.
Tyrosine kinase is protein kinase.
Tyrosine kinase is proteins.
Tyrosine kinases are a class of enzymes that are implicated in a range of cancers.
Tyrosine kinases play a permissive role in glucose-induced insulin secretion from adult rat islets.
Tyrosine phosphatases are unaffected by okadaic acid.
Tyrosine also appears to have a mild stimulatory effect on the central nervous system.
Tyrosine also does all of the above except for one factor.
Tyrosine also helps with mood, alertness and stress resistance.
Tyrosine appears as fine, delicate needles in clusters or sheaves.
Tyrosine appears to have a mild stimulatory effect on the central nervous system.
Tyrosine appears to stimulate the libido.
Tyrosine can act as a mild appetite suppressant.
Tyrosine confounds oxidative electrochemical detection of nitric oxide.
Tyrosine enters the melanosomes and the enzyme tyrosinase catalyses it into dopaquinone.
Tyrosine has an OH and so do serine and threonine.
Tyrosine is a chemical found in all protein rich foods.
Tyrosine is a mild antioxidant, reacting with free radicals that can cause damage to cells.
Tyrosine is a non-essential amino acid synthesized from phenylalanine in the body.
Tyrosine is a nonessential amino acid that is manufactured by the body or absorbed from food.
Tyrosine is a precursor for the catecholamine norepinephrine.
Tyrosine is a precursor of the neurotransmitter norepinephrine and dopamine, which regulate mood.
Tyrosine is a precursor to a class of neurotransmitters called catecholamines.
Tyrosine is amino acid
Tyrosine is amino acid.
Tyrosine is an amino acid and hence is a component of proteins.
Tyrosine is an amino acid and is a building block for thyroid hormones.
Tyrosine is an amino acid involved in the formation of norepinephrine which is a neural transmitter.
Tyrosine is an amino acid synthesized in the body from phenylalanine.
Tyrosine is an amino acid that works effectively when taken with glutamine.
Tyrosine is an amino acid which is found in most animal and plant proteins.
Tyrosine is an appetite suppressant and helps reduce body fat.
Tyrosine is chemical compounds.
Tyrosine is important to the structure of almost all proteins in the body.
Tyrosine is made by a similar transamination reaction as that seen in phenylalanine synthesis.
Tyrosine is needed for brain function.
Tyrosine is phenols.
Tyrosine is the immediate metabolite of phenylalanine.
Tyrosine is the precursor for both dopamine and noradrenaline.
Tyrosine is the precursor for dopamine, epinephrine, norepinephrine, thyroxines and melanin.
Tyrosine isa compound.
Tyrosine kinase dependent modulation of calcium entry in rabbit colonic muscularis mucosae.
Tyrosine kinase ii.
Tyrosine kinase inhibitors - potential for the treatment of primary brain tumours.
Tyrosine kinase phosphorylates tyrosine of target protein.
Tyrosine reverses a cold-induced working memory deficit in humans.
Tyrosine travels through the bloodstream to the brain, where it becomes L-dopa.
Tzintzuntzan data offer a unique opportunity to connect demography with quantitative anthropology.
U j are the saved statistics for person j .
U lines give the beginning of the sequence.
U merchandise flies off the racks in places like Singapore and South Africa.
U p Waking up is hard in middle school.
U r Find the pronouns hidden in the puzzle.
U series dating of carbonates is also available.
Most U students are here to learn, meet people, and have fun.
U t is the inclusion .
U turns are illegal.
U U is for universe.
U values measure heat transfer - the lower the better.
An u is a letter
U asks for four imprints of a finger.
U denotes a significant increase in performance from last year.
U knows lots of instructors who teach seminars all the time, all around the country.
U pdates to the deep space archives is now complete.
U picks up the context of f and restarts it.
U Seek U Find The middle school student's ultimate math guide.
U Seek U Find.
U sells books for babies, children and adults.
U sounds like bun.
U stands for ugly .
U stands for unconditional election .
U stands for unconditional election.
U stands for unresolved.
U stands for Uplifting sound.
U stands for Using drugs can kill.
U turn at lights, club is at the second driveway.
Us are capable of reads.
Us are letters.
Us are part of alphabets.
Us are vowels.
All u have to do is read genesis a few more lines further.
All u stay safe.
U.L. fitting is tested and approved.
U.L.-rated combination lock high security key lock assure maximum protection and convenience.
U.S citizens are ineligible but fellows can study at American universities.
U.S citizens seem reluctant to forgo the challenge to communism.
U.S.-based teams benefit from national advertisers who saturate markets shotgun style.
U.S.-brand products are market leaders.
U.S.-built Destiny is the most intricate piece of the space station.
U.S.-Chinese relations are in flux and on a downward path.
U.S.-Cuba policy remains an anachronistic remnant of the Cold War.
U.S.-flag carriers can prepare bills of lading.
U.S.-Iranian relations are hostile and tense.
U.S.-Latvian relations are strong.
U.S.-led coalition launches air war against Iraq.
All U.S.-made blinds carry warning labels about the strangulation hazard.
U.S.-made components enjoy.
Most U.S.-manufactured computers ship with English as the default browser setting.
Most U.S.-produced mutton is exported to Mexico.
U.S.-Russian relations are at a very critical stage.
U.S.-Russian relations are in danger too.
UAH professors take their research into the classroom.
Many UAH researchers use computational methods to develop better rocket systems.
All UAH students are eligible to submit their work for publication.
Some UAH students have opportunities to gain experience in a medical setting.
UAHQ membership consists of professionals from all areas of health care.
Uakari isa monkey.
Uakaris have (part) brains.
Uakaris have (part) breasts.
Uakaris have (part) cell membranes.
Uakaris have (part) cells.
Uakaris have (part) chest cavities.
Uakaris have (part) chests.
Uakaris have (part) corpi.
Uakaris have (part) cytoplasm.
Uakaris have (part) ears.
Uakaris have (part) faces.
Uakaris have (part) heads.
Uakaris have (part) nuclei.
Uakaris have (part) pedal extremities.
Uakaris have (part) piluses.
Uakaris have (part) plasma membranes.
Uakaris have (part) rib cages.
Uakaris have (part) sections.
Uakaris have (part) skulls.
Uakaris have (part) sterna.
Uakaris have (part) vacuoles.
Uakaris have (part) vertebrate feet.
Uakaris have tails.
UAlbany faculty is recognized nationally.
UAlbany magazine welcomes letters to the editor.
All UAMS departments participate in the program and it offers a wide variety of topics.
UAMS police provide services that address the safety concerns of the campus community.
UAN solutions are approximately one-half urea.
Ubaid pottery derives from remains near the southern Iraq city of Ur.
Ubalanced drops cause excessive delays for some users.
Ubangi river connects the country with the outer world.
An ubiquinone is a benzoquinone
An ubiquinone is a coenzyme
Ubiquinone is found everywhere in nature.
Ubiquinone is made by the body and is present in many common foods.
Ubiquitin conjugates take the form of one or more multimeric chains.
Ubiquitous access continues to drive what appears to be a nearly insatiable demand for bandwidth.
Ubiquitous access is available from home, office, lab, and school.
Ubiquitous communications is the fourth driving concept.
Ubiquitous fractures reveal that the rock mass has been subjected to brittle deformation.
Ubiquitous presence is one such vision.
An ubiquity is presence
Ubiquities are presence.
Ubiquities are software.
Ubiquity can be bad, but, then again, so can bananas.
Ubiquity contains announcements about upcoming events, as well as a variety of content.
Ubiquity defines geographic dispersion of potential damages.
Ubiquity drives increasing returns in the network economy.
Ubiquity equals innovation .
Ubiquity is based in Newport, South Wales, UK and Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Ubiquity is the concept of something appearing to be in all places, all the time.
Ubiquity is what's needed for emoney to work, worldwide.
Ubiquity means users are open to it.
UBiquity oversees the disks throughout the semester.
Ubiquity works a strange magic upon a society.
UCDA members influence decisions about paper, printing, software, and hardware every day.
UCDNet connection is required.
UConn employees can contribute through payroll deduction or with a one-time contribution.
UConn students assist with Teen Night activities every week.
UConn women drop to No.
UCPT members do their job well.
All UCRP distributions are subject to applicable federal and state taxes.
UCSB site is a searchable online glossary of anthropological terms.
UCSB students are able to examine the role of the teacher from a different perspective.
UCSD chemists find extraterrestrial 'anomaly' in Earth's rocks .
Most UCSD courses are open for concurrent enrollment on a space-available basis.
UCSD credit is available for all programs.
UCSD employees are also exempt.
UCSD expeditions take place in Israel, Turkey, and other parts of the world.
All UCSD majors are open to students from all five colleges.
UCSD pagers can receive both numeric and alphanumeric messages.
UCSD physicians record approximately half a million patient visits a year.
UCSD Researchers create a home for liver cells on a silicon chip.
UCSD students are now the classroom minority, however.
UCSD students have an excellent reputation as renters in the community.
Every UCSD student is invited to drop in on a meeting.
Most UCSD students live within a ten mile radius of campus.
UCSD users can get that information here .
UD search works as a current awareness feature.
UD survey finds much uncertainty .
Udaho soils are loamy-skeletal.
Udaho soils occur on sideslopes.
An udder is a mamma
Udders are better than breasts for milking without immediate consumption.
Udders can extend themselves greatly to hold high volumes of milk.
All udders are subject t'years uh relentless bun tonin'.
Udergraduate students are welcome.
Udhaya observations are great.
Udifluvent soil has very dark gray fine sand.
Udifluvent soil is a common type of soil to build homes on and other buildings.
Udon dough is made from wheat flour and salt .
Udon dough is made from wheat flour and salt.
Udon noodles are a thicker version of spaghetti with a similar taste.
UEDC services are free to eligible clients.
Uform design facilitates wide spans of management and allows the CEO to centralize authority.
Uform design slows decision making.
Some uganda kobs have behaviour.
Uganda is part of Africa.
Uganda isa thing.
Ugandan captives go home.
Ugandan society is traditional and stigmatizes women politicians.
Ugaritic today is in the sole domain of the scholars of the ancient Middle East.
UGIP coverage ceases when the child marries.
Ugli fruit is available on a limited basis around the country from winter to spring.
Ugli fruit is edible fruit
An ugli is edible fruit
Uglies are young incomprehensible, different.
Ugliness is an appearance
More ugliness lies ahead.
Ugly backgrounds are the hallmark of bad web designers.
Ugly bedrooms breed ugly habits.
Ugly chicks can be 'beautiful' in their own way, if they're slaves to men.
Ugly criticism has no place in chess.
Ugly ducks move forward or diagonally forward and capture diagonally forward.
Ugly friends are perfect for the mission.
Ugly furniture is never a bargain.
Ugly goals outnumber pretty passing plays.
Ugly graffiti begin to appear.
Ugly heroines are rare in novels, rarer still in movies and fairy tales.
Ugly incidents retain shardlike clarity.
Ugly individuals can sometimes do better than good-looking ones.
Ugly inequities continue to mar the face of our nation.
Ugly kids deserve to be thrown into microwave ovens and barbecued until they explode.
Ugly lizards are they, and their dragons are pretty homely, too.
Ugly men are easy to think of.
Some ugly men hold steer wheels.
Some ugly men hold wheels.
Ugly media are to the culture what pain is to the individual.
Ugly media is to the culture as pain is to the individual.
More ugly news is unlikely to drag prices lower.
Ugly people are always bad guys.
Ugly people are more credible, but attractive people are more attractive.
Ugly people bring world peace.
Ugly people can be as good as angels.
Ugly people get no love in entertainment - television, newspapers, web sites, etc.
Ugly people have a much harder time in life.
Ugly people have sex with each other.
Ugly people suck.
Ugly reminders are necessary to face todays reality.
Ugly scars disappear.
Ugly scars run down walls.
Ugly things can happen in the workplace.
Ugly things can happen when deleting activated hacks.
Ugly things happen.
Ugly ties are also big.
Ugly umbrellas await.
Ugly weather makes big attractors work, and streamer fishing picks up.
Ugly women are more passionate.
Ugly women are often a risk factor for erectile dysfunction.
Ugly women can drown in three feet of water.
Ugly wounds are rare, but the tail is sometimes lost.
Ugrade notifications work again.
UHD classes are small.
UHMW plastic covers top and end of safety spot bars.
UHMW polyethylene has outstanding abrasion resistance and a low coefficient of friction.
UHMW polyethylene looks like the white plastic cutting boards are made of.
UHT milk is great to take on car trips, camping or when the power goes out at home.
UHT milk is heated to a higher temperature and kept there longer, which essentially sterilizes it.
Uillean pipes are native to Ireland,and are bellows blown.
UITS labs are network-attached and offer easy access to the mainframe, etc.
UITS staff are users too.
UIUC facilities are large, teams are good and fans are plenty.
UIUC students can apply most regular forms of financial assistance to the program.
All UIUC students receive a students.uiuc.edu account.
UJA building is the last driveway on the left, before the traffic light.
Uja Love is unpredictable.
Ukraine isa thing.
Ukrainian air is no better off than the land.
Ukrainian authorities regulate the market for wireless services through licensing and taxes.
Ukrainian culture is different.
Ukrainian culture is everywhere.
Many Ukrainian dishes are heavy with meat and dairy products.
Many Ukrainian doctors refrain from telling patients that they have cancer.
Ukrainian entrepreneurs are able to manufacture high quality products.
Ukrainian families use chamomile for insomnia.
Ukrainian fossil sprouts modern roots.
Ukrainian government has nothing to do with american visas.
Ukrainian journalists accuse Crimean authorities of limiting free speech.
Ukrainian judges require both parents to appear in court for a hearing.
Ukrainian language is well over a thousand years old.
Ukrainian newspapers are uncensored.
Ukrainian officers study in the United States.
Ukrainian people are loyal by nature.
Ukrainian people like to cook.
Ukrainian regulations are unhelpful.
Ukrainian roads tend to be in reasonable condition.
Ukrainian schools lack quality and affordable desks for their classrooms.
Ukrainian scientists say drinking beer can be good for the liver.
Ukrainian soldiers hear the good news.
Ukrainian soldiers keep their weapons trained on the door as one soldier searches a Bulgarian truck.
All Ukrainian students take several years of science physics, biology and chemistry.
Ukrainian studies are now part and parcel of the international community of scholars.
Ukrainian television is a battlefield of incessant political clashes between different forces.
Ukrainian terrorists shoot down six supersonic passenger planes near Moscow.
Most Ukrainian trade is still with countries of the former Soviet Union, principally Russia.
Ukrainian traffickers are numerous, organized, and operate with virtual impunity.
Ukrainian trains are slow.
Ukrainian visas have to be obtained at the consulate in Bucharest.
Ukrainian wetlands are important areas for migrating birds.
Ukrainian woman stands topless, staring out the window.
Ukrainian women are some of the most beautiful women in the world.
Ukrainian women are womanly, clean, caring, loving, faithful, devoted and sensitive.
Ukrainian women are world known as the best wives.
Ukrainian words are in Latin transliteration.
Ukrainian words are in Polish transliteration.
Ukranian eggs enjoy a rich and long tradition .
Ukranian girls are good cooks and wives and very clean.
Ukranian women are industrious and homelike.
An ukulele is a guitar
Ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments .
Ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments.
Ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings .
Ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings.
Ukwese village is shown in black near the top of the map.
UL carbon spars.
Ulcer causes pain.
Ulcer is a lesion
Ulcer is injuries.
Ulcer is lesions.
Ulcer is located in stomachs.
Ulcer isa condition.
Ulcer occurs only in the presence of acid and pepsin.
Ulcers affect both men and women.
Ulcers also occur as a result of over secretion of acid.
Ulcers also pose their own particular problems and require special dressings under the bandages.
Ulcers appear and reduce the amount of nutrients that the intestine can absorb.
Ulcers are a bacterial disease and can be cured .
Ulcers are a common plague of koi and goldfish.
Ulcers are a good example.
Ulcers are a result of damage done to the upper lining in the stomach by acid.
Ulcers are acute and chronic.
Ulcers are also more likely to cause death in smokers.
Ulcers are common among the poor classes.
Ulcers are common in Britain and men are more prone to suffer than women.
Ulcers are common.
Ulcers are contagious.
Ulcers are dark, even black, and discharge black blood.
Ulcers are defects in the gastrointestinal mucosa that penetrate the muscularis mucosa.
Ulcers are focal loss of the epidermis and at least part of the dermis.
Ulcers are generally a result of poor husbandry.
Ulcers are internal wounds in the inner lining of the intestine.
Ulcers are linked to breakdown of the a. pyloric sphincter.
Ulcers are more common and less likely to heal in smokers than in non-smokers.
Ulcers are more common in adults than in children.
Ulcers are more common in smokers and they take longer to heal.
Ulcers are no laughing matter.
Ulcers are now under control.
Ulcers are rare in children and are more likely to occur as people get older.
Ulcers are red sores that are filled with pus.
Ulcers are seen on the skin.
Ulcers are slow to heal but almost always eventually close.
Ulcers are small craters or sores that form in the lining of the stomach or duodenum.
Ulcers are sores that form in the digestive tract.
Ulcers are sores.
Ulcers are tears or breaks in the lining of the intestines that can cause sores.
Ulcers are the leading cause of lower extremity amputations.
Ulcers are the leading cause of lower-extremity amputations.
Ulcers are usually fairly small and painful.
Ulcers are usually multiple and purulent though second site of infection is common.
Ulcers are usually painless.
Ulcers are usually quite painful.
Ulcers become more irregular, with variations in size, shape and appearance.
Ulcers bleed and form great quantities of thick, yellow, offensive, green pus.
Ulcers bleed from slightest touch.
Ulcers can also hemorrhage or rupture and become life threatening.
Ulcers can also produce pain that simulates cardiac ischemia.
Ulcers can also trigger colic.
Ulcers can be from cancer .
Ulcers can be from cancer.
Ulcers can be from diseases of blood vessels .
Ulcers can be from diseases of blood vessels.
Ulcers can be from infection with germs .
Ulcers can be from infection with germs.
Ulcers can be from pressure on a part of the skin.
Ulcers can be on surfaces of the body .
Ulcers can be on surfaces of the body.
Ulcers can be present without symptoms.
Ulcers can be serious.
Ulcers can become infected.
Ulcers can block food from going through the intestines.
Ulcers can cause bleeding or perforations.
Ulcers can develop at any age, but they are rare among teenagers and even more uncommon in children.
Ulcers can develop in as little as two hours.
Ulcers can develop slowly for months or rapidly in a few days.
Ulcers can occur in the esophagus, stomach, small intestine, or colon.
Ulcers cause enormous disability and lost productivity.
Ulcers cause pain, nausea, and vomiting.
Ulcers come and go.
Ulcers develop over the tibia.
Ulcers develop when there is insufficient cirulation.
Ulcers especially occur during the spring and fall, and tend to run in families.
Ulcers eventually scab over and heal.
Ulcers form all over the nasal mucous membrane.
Ulcers form as a result of the perivascular and vascular necrosis.
Ulcers form on the inner intestinal lining and eventually spread through the intestinal wall.
Ulcers form when harmful disease-causing germs invade a sore or wound site.
Ulcers form when the inflamed areas die and slough off, forming a sore in the lining of the bowel.
Ulcers generally heal completely.
Ulcers occur elsewhere, as in the gut and on the skin.
Ulcers occur if stomach acid erodes a hole in the lining of the digestive tract.
Ulcers predispose the dogs to vomiting.
Ulcers represent a severe form of vascular disease and require immediate attention.
Ulcers require a vet's attention to determine the best way to proceed with treatment.
Ulcers require medical care, especially if there is bleeding.
Ulcers require specialised management.
Ulcers require specific treatment.
Ulcers result when there's a breakdown in the stomach's protective lining of mucous.
Ulcers show up as craters or pits in the lining of the stomach and duodenum.
Ulcers tear and itch at night, and burn when touched.
Ulcers tend to run in some families as well.
Ulcers vary in depth, shape and colour.
Ulcers often accompany a hiatal hernia.
Ulcers often develop in areas where there has been chronic pressure for many years.
Ulcers often form on a rocker-bottom foot.
Ulcers often form producing mucus, pus and causing bleeding.
Ulcers sometimes can lead to other problems.
Ulcers sometimes occur in the pylorus, the narrowed exit of the stomach.
Ulcers usually cause pain and consequential loss of appetite.
Ulcers usually heal once their use is discontinued.
Ulcers usually heal with the help of medication and a modified diet.
Ulcers usually occur in the stomach or duodenum.
Most ulcer causes pain.
Most ulcers are caused by an infection from bacteria.
Most ulcers are preventable.
Most ulcers are round or oval, but some are linear, triangular, or irregular in shape.
Most ulcers are treatable with medications that inhibit the acid producing cells of the stomach.
Most ulcers develop in the stomach or in the upper part of the small intestine.
Most ulcers occur in the first part of the small intestine just past the stomach.
Some ulcer destroys ear cartilages.
Some ulcer is caused by aspirin.
Some ulcer is caused by ethanols.
Some ulcer is caused by fungal infection.
Some ulcer is caused by infection.
Some ulcer leads to death.
Some ulcer produces obvious symptoms.
Some ulcer produces symptoms.
Some ulcers return and require long-term care.
Ulcerated animals can succumb to secondary bacterial infections.
Ulcerated areas have a dry, glistening appearance as if coated with epithelium.
Ulcerated areas heal with scarring, and patients often assume their conditions are improving.
Ulcerated eyes require prompt treatment by a veterinarian.
Ulcerated hemangiomas are a great risk for infection.
Ulcerated leg veins heal, as do crippling back and joint problems.
Ulcerated lesions are mulberrylike, and cicatricial scarring accompanies healing.
Ulcerated mass is shown in colon.
Ulcerated parts indurate.
Ulcerated plaque can occur anywhere in the body.
Ulcerated plaque can occur anywhere.
Ulcerated surfaces allow scraping more easily than fine needle aspiration.
Ulceration can also occur and care needs to be taken to prevent infection.
Ulceration can occur internally and externally with severe overdosing.
Ulceration can occur secondary to inflammatory-cell mediated damage.
Ulceration can occur, typically on the inside of the leg just above the ankle.
Ulceration can occur.
Ulceration can result from the increased levels of acid.
Ulceration develops when a secondary bacterial infection occurs.
Ulceration gradually develops as the skin becomes inflamed.
Ulceration is a common occurrence of the diabetic foot.
Ulceration is a dominant abnormality in Crohn's disease.
Ulceration is a lesion
Ulceration is caused by several factors, but particularly by neuropathy.
Ulceration is rare.
Ulceration is uncommon.
Ulceration is very common among edema patients.
Ulceration occurs and bacteria enter blood and lymph.
Ulceration runs all through the remedy.
Ulcerations can involve the nose, pharynx, palate and lips.
Ulcerations occur from infections or abrasions.
Ulceration sometimes occurs spontaneously, and often as a result of trauma.
Ulcerative blepharitis is less common, but more serious.
Ulcerative colitis affects everyone in different ways.
Ulcerative colitis affects males and females equally and appears to run in some families.
Ulcerative colitis affects only the colon, and has a different pattern of inflammation.
Ulcerative colitis affects only the colon.
Ulcerative colitis affects only the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis affects the innermost lining of the colon.
Ulcerative colitis appears to be slightly more common than Crohn's disease.
Ulcerative colitis can affect the entire large intestine or the rectum.
Ulcerative colitis can be quite mild or very severe.
Ulcerative colitis can follow one of a number of courses.
Ulcerative colitis can produce inflammation and extensive surface bleeding from tiny ulcerations.
Ulcerative colitis carries an increased risk of colon cancer, and has a clear genetic component.
Ulcerative colitis causes inflammation in the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis causes inflammation of the lining of the colon and rectum.
Ulcerative colitis causes inflammation of the lining of the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis differs from another inflammatory bowel disease, Crohn's disease.
Ulcerative colitis increases the risk of colon cancer.
Ulcerative colitis involves inflammation of the inner lining of the colon and rectum.
Ulcerative colitis involves only the large intestine, or colon.
Ulcerative colitis involves the colon or large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis is a chronic debilitating disease for which there is little effective therapy.
Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory condition involving only the large intestines.
Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the large intestine and rectum.
Ulcerative colitis is a chronic, recurring disease of the large bowel.
Ulcerative colitis is a condition in which the lining of the colon becomes inflamed.
Ulcerative colitis is a devastating disease that impacts patients' daily lives.
Ulcerative colitis is a disease of the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis is a disease that causes inflammation in the lining of the colon.
Ulcerative colitis is a symptom
Ulcerative colitis is a systemic disease limited to the colon and the rectum.
Ulcerative colitis is a term used to describe inflammation of the colon and rectum.
Ulcerative colitis is also another cause.
Ulcerative colitis is also serious and chronically affects the large intestine and the rectum.
Ulcerative colitis is an inflammation of the colon that produces ulceration of the inside wall.
Ulcerative colitis is an inflammation of the lining of the large intestine, or colon.
Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the colon or large bowel.
Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis is an inflammatory disease of the lining of the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis is an ongoing inflammation in the lining of the large intestine and rectum.
Ulcerative colitis is characterized by continuous inflammation confined to the large intestine.
Ulcerative colitis is characterized by passage of watery stools with mucus and pus.
Ulcerative colitis is characterized by unpredictable flareups.
Ulcerative colitis is chronic, like Crohn's disease .
Ulcerative colitis is diseases.
Ulcerative colitis is incurable but can be treated to lessen the symptoms.
Ulcerative colitis is more common in the United States than Crohn's disease.
Ulcerative colitis is potentially curable if the colon is removed.
Ulcerative colitis is still a consideration if infectious causes are excluded.
Ulcerative colitis presents with diffuse continuous involvement of the mucosa.
Ulcerative colitis produces inflammation and breakdown along the lining of the colon.
Ulcerative colitis requires long-term medical care.
Ulcerative colitis seems to run in families.
Ulcerative colitis seen in our patients is generally of low grade.
Ulcerative enteritis is common in quails.
Ulcerative lesions are the initial presenting sign in one third of reported cases.
Ulcerative proctitis differs from ulcerative colitis in terms of where the inflammation occurs.
Ulcerative proctitis is a milder form of the condition of ulcerative colitis.
Ulcerative sarcoidosis is a rare cutaneous variant.
Many ulema miss the ibadah point.
Uliassi launch ends abruptly.
Ulm soils are fine.
Ulnar loops are loops that open in the direction of the pinkie finger.
Ulpan members have at least one university degree.
Ulster County emerges as new technology center.
Ulster County has an abundance of highly recognizable, protected, and diverse water systems.
Ulster County has the second largest apple crop among all counties in New York State.
Ultima foods make healthy living taste great.
An ultima is a syllable
Ultima is good style for slower, non-arcade games.
Ultima is Web accessible, real time, and cost effective.
Ultimate achievement is special.
Ultimate act can be impossible to carry out.
Ultimate aim is to cut to a minimum amount of hazardous waste in the world.
Ultimate aim is to provide an on the spot redressal to the complainant.
Ultimate analysis determines the percentages of the elements in the compound.
Ultimate appeals are to the courts.
Ultimate applications are in polymeric displays and plastic electronics.
Ultimate authority can be distant and preoccupied.
Ultimate authority remains a collective right.
Ultimate authority rests with the local congregation.
Ultimate benefit is an improved bottom line.
Ultimate casinos are hot and the gambling is awesome.
Ultimate cause refers to evolution and history.
Ultimate causes are linked to survival, reproduction, and evolution.
Ultimate causes are the evolutionary explanations for behavior.
Ultimate challenges are there, while the trout keep rising.
Ultimate collapse is the inevitable consequence.
Ultimate concern is crucial to genuine god-talk.
Ultimate concern is first and finally the particular way a people in a place and time come to live.
Ultimate concerns are always about achieving a permanent condition of well-being.
Ultimate concerns reside in the flesh of everyday life.
Ultimate consumers are people who buy products for their own use.
Ultimate control gives the ultimate advantage.
Ultimate control lies with purchasing certified disease-free plants and strict sanitation locally.
Ultimate diagnosis is made with a biopsy of the prostate gland under local anesthesia.
Ultimate dolphins Talk about dolphins and ask questions here .
Ultimate elaboration boils down to simplicity.
Ultimate evaluation is very easy to determine check out the scoreboard at the end of the game.
Ultimate explanations focus on things that occur in populations over many generations.
Ultimate facts are facts pleaded with the appropriate level of specificity.
Every ultimate fact is only the first of a new series.
Ultimate failure is when the successful people Take no notice of the failed.
Ultimate fate depends on success.
Most ultimate fate depends on success.
Some ultimate fate depends on gravity.
Ultimate felicity is for another dimension of reality.
Ultimate fighting is organized for commercial interests.
Ultimate fighting is violent.
Ultimate games are very fast-paced and exciting to watch.
Ultimate Gaming Think about taking the plunge into the next level of shareware gaming.
Ultimate goal is bilingualism.
Ultimate goal is monolingualism.
Ultimate goal is the last building.
Ultimate goal is to develop friendships and grow respect for eachother's culture.
Ultimate goal is to find a cure through improved treatment and research.
Ultimate goal is to have a regional model for student advising.
Ultimate goal is to have a working implementation supporting common standards.
Ultimate goal is to keep playing at a high level.
Ultimate goal is to make sure everyone has a working smoke alarm in their home.
Ultimate goal is to write and direct films.
Ultimate goal is Web page if funding for equipment can be obtained.
Ultimate goals are to improve aerobic capacity, and to increase muscle strength and range of motion.
Ultimate grade features clear, crisp color.
Some ultimate guides lose weight.
Ultimate hats tie on, float, repel rain and mildew.
Ultimate health is so much more than diet and exercise.
Ultimate hope is a different matter.
Ultimate justice is found in another dimension.
Ultimate meaning is derived from it.
Ultimate methods are just valuable for a certain time.
Ultimate norms can be very diverse.
Ultimate origin is from mesenchymal condensation.
Ultimate outcome is determined by points based on kills and completed objectives. .
Ultimate outcomes are the more significant, longer-term changes that are sought.
Some ultimate outcomes depend on exposure.
Ultimate ownership remains with the freeholder.
Ultimate people are a lot of fun.
Ultimate people search .
Ultimate pessimism is no better as a faith stance.
Ultimate phone directories An extensive listing of phone directories on the web.
Ultimate pinnae have dichotomizing veins.
Ultimate players come and go, but anyone can return after no matter how long and fit right back in.
Ultimate players use the web.
Most Ultimate players seem to agree with that stance.
Ultimate Points are earned by simply attacking enemies.
Ultimate potential is impossible without personal convictions.
Ultimate primacy belongs to intelligence encoded in environment.
Ultimate problem is the mindset.
Ultimate reality is beyond good and evil.
Ultimate reality is constant.
Ultimate reality is spiritual in nature.
Ultimate reality is unknowable, by means available to science.
Ultimate relaxation is found on the waterfront screened porch.
Ultimate resolution has yet to be effectively addressed.
Ultimate responsibility is a holisitc responsibility.
Ultimate responsibility is to insure races run professionally, on time and safely.
Ultimate responsibility lies with the supervising physician.
Ultimate result can be a bit drastic, flogging genaker etc.
Ultimate results are less risk to wildlife species and improved habitat.
Ultimate sanctification involves a new body and a soul separated from sin and the capacity to sin.
Ultimate satisfaction is guaranteed.
Ultimate security is to disconnect from the network.
Ultimate sovereignty is vested in parliament through the presidency.
Ultimate speed is the culmination of all the ingredients which make up the pyramid.
Ultimate success can only depend on the wider group of members.
Ultimate success comes from taking advantage of the combined physical and mental skills of the team.
Ultimate success lies in their effective implementation.
Ultimate success lies with improving the maps' accuracy.
Ultimate success remains elusive.
Ultimate sufferer is the country.
Ultimate trust is now in Jesus.
Ultimate truth exists.
Ultimate truth is elusive.
Ultimate truths are few, especially in the assessment realm.
Ultimate victory comes in different forms as well.
Ultimate victory is decided by who puts up the longest winning streak.
Ultimate vulnerability is an inevitable part of our human situation.
Ultimately children are the victims.
Ultimately decisions have a political impact.
Ultimately education suffers.
Ultimately faith is heroic and requires individual sacrifice.
Ultimately family is most important.
Ultimately feminism is about giving women a choice, because they know what's best for their bodies.
Ultimately growth has to come from within.
Ultimately health has a great deal to do with balance.
Ultimately individuals are responsible for their own education.
Ultimately justice concerns human beings.
Ultimately money seems to be the motive for the killings.
Ultimately personality does matter much more.
Ultimately quality is measured by functional provision and longevity.
Ultimately society is pornography's victim.
Ultimately solutions are social as much as technical.
Ultimately success comes from proper planning.
Ultimately success depends on the determination of the individual to want to stop.
Ultimately training is more important than the tool.
Ultimately truth is one.
Ultimately valuation is a matter of negotiation.
Ultimately visibility has many functions.
An ultimatum is demand
Ultimatums are always a big mistake.
Ultimatums are demand.
Ultimatums are demandings.
Ultimatums are, by their very nature, all inclusively conditional.
Ultimatums are, by their very nature, conditional.
Ultimatums force a confrontation which usually go against the teacher.
Ultimatums have no place in an intimate relationship.
Ultimatums only produce losers to a resolution.
Ultisol soil is found in the humid subtropics like the southeastern United States and India.
Ultra athletes are simply better at Wanting things.
Ultra baskets retain their form and strength even in extreme temperatures.
Ultra liberals run the country.
Ultra presence has the answers.
Ultra races are usually small affairs.
Ultra realism is now possible.
Ultra runners are responsible for running one segment of the race.
Most ultra runners say doing longer distances is easier on the body than shorter distances.
Ultra sound can detect breast cancer missed by mammograms.
Ultra sound is certainly safer than mammograms.
Ultra sound is unlikely to differentiate between calcification and ossification.
Ultra sound shows evidence of fatty liver.
Ultra sounds are high frequency sound waves that are inaudible to the human ear.
Ultrabithorax expression spans the last thoracic and first abdominal segments.
An ultracentrifugation is centrifugation
Ultracentrifugation is best, however.
An ultracentrifuge is a centrifuge
Ultracentrifuges are available as shared equipment.
Ultracote covering is attractive and easy to repair.
Ultradian rhythms are especially sensitive and responsive to psychosocial cues.
Ultradian rhythms are highly flexible and change easily in response to environmental demands.
Ultrahigh reliability estimates through simulation.
Ultralight aircraft have a distinctive appeal among pilots.
Ultralight design offers a wonderful combination of stability, rowing pleasure and seakeeping.
Many ultralight engines run with a fixed advance with a pickup on the flywheel.
Ultralight lamp is great for camping and emergencies.
Ultramafic rocks are more extensive in the study area than previously thought.
Ultramafic rocks have extremely high melting points.
An ultramarine is pigment
Ultramarines are insoluble in water.
Ultrametric matrices are desirable in biology since the trees then indicate evolutionary time.
Ultraportable projectors are the growth engine of the future.
Ultrapotent steroids reduce inflammation and help the immune response of the affected skin.
Ultrapure water is the lifeblood of the semiconductor manufacturing industry.
Ultraright cabal manipulates the gub'mint.
All Ultraseal publications are commercial in nature.
Ultrasonic aspirators vibrate and break up tumors using sound waves.
Ultrasonic cleaners are ideal for cleaning bearings.
Ultrasonic cleaners are usually safe, but avoid steam cleaning.
Ultrasonic cleaners can damage emerald, opal, pearl, and some other colored gemstones.
Ultrasonic cleaners can worsen inclusions and weaken color.
Ultrasonic Cleaners Use ultrasonic cleaners for diamonds, rubies, and sapphires only.
Ultrasonic detector needs to be stopped before student reaches the lectern.
Ultrasonic detectors are most effective when an intruder walks toward or away from the detector.
Ultrasonic devices have effects.
Most ultrasonic devices have effects.
Most ultrasonic devices transmit and receive using the same transducer.
Ultrasonic diagnosis is expedient as a screening method.
Ultrasonic energy causes alternation patterns of low and high-pressure phases.
Ultrasonic energy is applied parallel to the joint interface and a solid-state weld is formed.
Ultrasonic energy is non-destructive to the stencil or screen.
Ultrasonic energy is required to produce an echo.
Ultrasonic energy is safer than lasers.
Ultrasonic energy is used in clinical therapy as a deep heating agent.
Ultrasonic energy is used to expand and collapse tiny bubbles in a liquid.
Ultrasonic energy is used to fractionate or burst the fat cells.
Ultrasonic energy is used to improve the structure of materials in metallurgy.
Ultrasonic energy uses sound waves that turn electrical energy into mechanical motion.
Ultrasonic frequencies tune molecular vibrations and they are retained in the atmosphere.
Ultrasonic generators can be both mechanical or electronic in nature.
Ultrasonic liposuction fits into two categories.
Ultrasonic liposuction is a failure , in our opinion.
Ultrasonic liposuction is a method of removing fat from the subcutaneous space.
Ultrasonic liposuction is new.
Ultrasonic liposuction is somewhat more.
Ultrasonic liposuction uses sound waves to liquefy fat before it is removed.
Ultrasonic liquefaction is the decomposition of tumor by direct application of an ultrasonic probe.
Most ultrasonic machines plunge directly into the material without rotating the tool.
Ultrasonic meters are relatively inexpensive and reasonably accurate.
Ultrasonic meters are the newest measurement device for high accuracy gas measurement.
Ultrasonic monitoring is such a technology.
Ultrasonic processor reduces drill-cuttings size and eliminates subsea mounds.
Ultrasonic programming is selectable for each chemical operation.
Ultrasonic propulsion changes the game.
Ultrasonic propulsion is safe and effective in the porcine model.
Ultrasonic repellents produce a high-decibel noise that only small animals can hear.
Ultrasonic scalers are very useful for the removal broken instruments, silver cones and posts.
Ultrasonic sensor is versatile, economical.
Ultrasonic sensors are cool as well.
Ultrasonic sensors are ideal in areas with partitions or where line of sight to sensor is blocked.
Ultrasonic sensors are more expensive, as a rule, but provide greater coverage than PIR detectors.
Ultrasonic sensors can detect small motions but are often triggered falsely.
Ultrasonic sensors detect a vacant parking spot.
Ultrasonic sensors detect faulty bearings before they fail.
Ultrasonic sensors detect sound while infrared sensors detect heat and motion.
Ultrasonic sensors fill the room with high-frequency sound.
Ultrasonic sensors utilize a volumetric sensing technology to monitor a specific area.
Ultrasonic sensors work by bouncing ultrasonic sound waves off objects in the room.
Ultrasonic services are available.
Ultrasonic signals are merely rapid changes in air pressure.
Ultrasonic signals tend to reflect off hard surfaces, such as concrete or dry wall.
Ultrasonic sound has usefulness.
Ultrasonic sound has very limited usefulness in rodent control.
Ultrasonic sound is completely safe around humans, birds and non-rodent pets.
Ultrasonic sound is used to break the individual chlorella cell walls.
Ultrasonic sound protects the living area.
Ultrasonic sound replaces the satellite s microwave pulses.
Ultrasonic sounds are highly directional.
Ultrasonic sounds reflect off obstacles such as bugs and return to the bat.
Most ultrasonic sound has usefulness.
Ultrasonic systems operate under a wide variety of conditions.
Ultrasonic techniques are currently unable to detect nominally cold welds.
Ultrasonic technology makes it possible to clean and refurbish a wide array of items.
Ultrasonic testing can do that.
Ultrasonic testing can quickly reveal the condition of each steam trap.
Ultrasonic testing involves shooting a sound pulse into the steel and waiting for the pulse's echo.
Ultrasonic toothbrush comes with free automatic flosser.
Ultrasonic toothbrushes have a different feel at first.
Ultrasonic toothbrushes use ultrasonic sound waves to vibrate the brush's bristles.
Ultrasonic transmitters are available with a variety of analogue and digital output options.
Ultrasonic vibration is used to break up kidney stones.
Ultrasonic waves are longitudinal waves with frequencies above the audible range.
Ultrasonic waves are sound waves with frequencies above the limits of human audibility.
Ultrasonic waves can dissolve fats.
Ultrasonic waves detect heart action and obtain the baby's heart rate.
Ultrasonic waves have many uses.
Ultrasonic waves travel in a straight line, just like audible sounds.
Ultrasonic welders feature real-time digital controls.
Ultrasound capabilities are also on hand.
Ultrasound clinics are available is many places that barely have electricity.
Ultrasound evaluation is repeated at six weeks and six months.
Ultrasound exam depicts a breast cancer.
Ultrasound exam is available on site.
Ultrasound exam rules out live pregnancy.
Ultrasound examination can be very useful in evaluation of the kidneys and bladder.
Ultrasound examination can determine the number of fetuses with relatively high certainty.
Ultrasound examination has many uses during pregnancy, answering a variety of medical questions.
Ultrasound examination is extremely operator dependent.
Ultrasound examination is extremely operator-dependent.
Ultrasound examination is the preferred method of both assessment of mother and fetus.
Ultrasound examination is usually the next step.
Ultrasound examination shows a multicystic mass in the right renal fossa and a normal left kidney.
Ultrasound examination shows echogenic and shadowing mass.
Ultrasound examinations are painless and are usually performed vaginally.
Ultrasound examinations reveal multiple fetal anomalies.
All ultrasound examinations have both a written early read report as well as a dictated report.
Ultrasound experience is available.
Ultrasound experience is obtained during the third year.
Ultrasound image demonstrates a large lucency with some hydronephrosis of the calyces.
Ultrasound images are available.
Ultrasound images help identify structures and the nature of the swellings.
Ultrasound imaging are medical imaging.
Some ultrasound laboratories attempt to detect narrowing of deeper vessels in the abdomen.
Ultrasound machines produce sound waves which are perceived as a warm comfortable feeling.
All ultrasound machines come with a variety of transducers.
Ultrasound measurements are a good indication of which fish have higher fillet yield.
Ultrasound pulses are waveform packets with well defined frequency characteristics.
Ultrasound resolution improves in direct proportion to imaging frequency.
Ultrasound studies are a third test that identifies ovulation.
Most ultrasound studies are fast and easy.
Most ultrasound studies are relatively quick and well tolerated by the patient.
Most ultrasound studies take no longer than a half hour.
Some ultrasound technicians are more accurate than others.
Ultrasound technique provides better insight into the fatigue failure mechanism.
Ultrasound tests are safe and inexpensive methods of monitoring the size of adnexal cysts.
Most ultrasound tests take only a few minutes and results are obtained immediately.
Ultrasound testing is also helpful in diagnosing an ectopic pregnancy.
Ultrasound testing is painless and harmless.
Ultrasound testing uses sound waves to detect whether a mass is solid, cystic or filled with fluid.
Ultrasound transducer is strapped over the area where fetal heart sounds are most distinct.
Ultrasound video catches people's attention and makes the case that it's a human being.
Ultrasound visualization is required to assess the severity of stenosis.
Ultrasound waves are very effective when it comes to penetration of tissues.
Ultrasound waves have a wavelength of several millimeters.
Ultrasound is sound
Ultrasound is sound.
Ultrasounds are absolutely amazing.
Ultrasounds are available on the premises for gestational confirmation and related concerns.
Ultrasounds are common in many pregnancies.
Ultrasounds are limited because they give only an overall view of the fetus's development.
Ultrasounds Are Now Current.
Ultrasounds Click on thumbnails to view larger image.
Ultrasounds look so much clearer on the viewing stations.
Ultrathermic cutting is a derivative of oxygen arc cutting.
Ultrathermic systems differ from their traditional counterparts in a number of ways.
Ultrathermic systems use only oxygen and the consumable alloy fuel rods.
Ultratrim diapers help stop leaks to keep babies happy.
Ultraviolet b radiation reaches earth.
Ultraviolet damage is cumulative.
Ultraviolet damage is much greater in the thinner atmosphere of Colorado.
Ultraviolet degradation plays a minor role in herbicide losses.
Some ultraviolet detectors indicate light.
Ultraviolet energy is radiation produced by low pressure mercury lamps.
Ultraviolet exposure can also damage and kill plants.
Ultraviolet exposure decreases the proliferation.
Ultraviolet irradiation causes ventralization.
Ultraviolet irradiation induces the production of multiple cytokines by human corneal cells.
Ultraviolet light accounts for less than ten percent of solar energy.
Ultraviolet light ages the collagen and destroys the elasticity of the dermis.
Ultraviolet light causes structural damage and fading.
Ultraviolet light causes wood to gray and become brittle.
Ultraviolet light consists of high-energy photons.
Ultraviolet light darkens freckles and stimulate more melanin to form.
Ultraviolet light destroys riboflavin.
Ultraviolet light has energy.
Ultraviolet light has much energy.
Ultraviolet light has properties.
Ultraviolet light increases the risk of cancer by damaging the skin's immune system.
Ultraviolet light induces the transformation.
Ultraviolet light is light.
Ultraviolet light is radiation
Ultraviolet light kills organic organisms.
Ultraviolet light passes through cloud cover and is just as dangerous as direct sunlight.
Ultraviolet light penetrates layers.
Ultraviolet light penetrates ozone layers.
Ultraviolet light promotes the fission.
Most ultraviolet light has energy.
Most ultraviolet light has much energy.
Most ultraviolet light has properties.
Most ultraviolet light is absorbed by Earth's ozone layer in the stratosphere.
Most ultraviolet light penetrates ozone layers.
Some ultraviolet light helps food.
Some ultraviolet light helps possibility.
Some ultraviolet light induces transformation.
Ultraviolet observations identify hot and energetic sources in the universe.
Ultraviolet photons are energetic enough to kill bacteria and other nasties.
Ultraviolet projector offers both value and performance.
Ultraviolet protection is essential for sunglasses during serious sports competition.
Ultraviolet radiation breaks the water molecules into less massive particles that can escape.
Ultraviolet radiation can alter the chemical structure of DNA by causing new covalent bonds to form.
Ultraviolet radiation can break chemical bonds and cause undesirable changes in optical properties.
Ultraviolet radiation can burn the skin and cause skin cancer.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause mutations, cancer, and cataracts.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause skin cancer and cataracts.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause white zircon to revert to brown.
Ultraviolet radiation can kill living things.
Ultraviolet radiation causes cancer.
Ultraviolet radiation causes eye damage and skin cancer.
Ultraviolet radiation causes skin cancer and damages plants and wildlife.
Ultraviolet radiation causes skin cancer, cataracts and increased susceptibility to diseases.
Ultraviolet radiation causes skin cancer.
Ultraviolet radiation causes skin cells to undergo uncontrolled mitotic division.
Ultraviolet radiation comes from sunlight, which contains three forms of radiation.
Ultraviolet radiation damages the eye's lens and retina.
Ultraviolet radiation damages the skin , eyes and eggs of amphibians .
Ultraviolet radiation damages the skin, eyes and eggs of amphibians.
Ultraviolet radiation emerging from the central source excites nearby gas causing it to glow.
Ultraviolet radiation enables chemical species to be photolyzed.
Ultraviolet radiation exposes the chromium salt and forms a very weak image.
Ultraviolet radiation falls under three categories separated by wavelength.
Ultraviolet radiation has power.
Ultraviolet radiation increases the risk of developing cataracts.
Ultraviolet radiation is a well-known modulator of immune responses in the skin.
Ultraviolet radiation is a well-known mutagen.
Ultraviolet radiation is absorbed by ozone and oxygen in the upper atmosphere.
Ultraviolet radiation is also a threat at high elevations.
Ultraviolet radiation is also greater at high altitudes and closer to the equator.
Ultraviolet radiation is also invisible.
Ultraviolet radiation is another form of radiation used in exploring outer space.
Ultraviolet radiation is dangerous because it can cause cancer.
Ultraviolet radiation is energetic enough to affect the electronic states of molecules.
Ultraviolet radiation is generally the cause.
Ultraviolet radiation is greatest on cloudless days.
Ultraviolet radiation is highest at the equator.
Ultraviolet radiation is known to affect the immunological defenses of the skin.
Ultraviolet radiation is known to cause skin cancer and has damaging effects on plants and wildlife.
Ultraviolet radiation is one form of radiant energy coming from the sun.
Ultraviolet radiation is present in the sun's rays throughout the year.
Ultraviolet radiation is radiation
Ultraviolet radiation is rather a common method in Norway for disinfection of drinking water.
Ultraviolet radiation is related with hot objects.
Ultraviolet radiation is scattered even more by the atmosphere.
Ultraviolet radiation is the most common form of energy for most photochemical reactions.
Ultraviolet radiation is the offending cause.
Ultraviolet radiation is used in several food processes to kill unwanted microorganisms .
Ultraviolet radiation is used to expose the image.
Ultraviolet radiation is very damaging to polyester fabric.
Ultraviolet radiation is very useful in astronomy.
Ultraviolet radiation kills bacteria and viruses.
Ultraviolet radiation penetrates skin.
Ultraviolet radiation reaches surfaces.
Ultraviolet radiation stimulates the enzyme that makes melanin.
Most ultraviolet radiation causes cancer.
Most ultraviolet radiation causes skin cancer.
Most ultraviolet radiation has power.
Most ultraviolet radiation reaches surfaces.
Some ultraviolet radiation affects layers.
Some ultraviolet radiation affects ozone layers.
Some ultraviolet radiation causes sunburns.
Some ultraviolet radiation depends on properties.
Some ultraviolet radiation hits surfaces.
Some ultraviolet radiation produces compounds.
Some ultraviolet radiation requires for gases.
Ultraviolet rays penetrate atmospheres.
Most ultraviolet rays penetrate atmospheres.
Some ultraviolet rays affect plants.
Some ultraviolet rays cause cancer.
Some ultraviolet rays cause skin cancer.
Some ultraviolet rays penetrate skin.
Some ultraviolet rays reach surfaces.
Ultraviolet reflectivity is of dubious value for nocturnal rodents.
Ultraviolet sterilization is also available with all systems.
Ultraviolet sterilization is effective in treating for bacteria and viruses.
Ultraviolet sterilization works by passing water through ultraviolet light.
Some ultraviolet sunlight affects gases.
Most ultraviolet is classified as non-ionizing radiation.
Ultravulcanian eruptions eject solid rock and steam ranging from ash to block-sized material.
Ultrium tapes are about twice as expensive, but they also hold about twice as much data.
Ultrix versions get problems if or is included more than once.
UMaine students know how to play off peoples' strengths to achieve a common goal.
All UMBC alumni are eligible for membership.
All UMBC apartments house four students and are equipped with kitchens, carpeting and furniture.
UMBC men def.
Many UMBC students enjoy internships in Washington for a semester or longer.
Umbilical arteries deliver to placenta for same purpose.
Umbilical cord is a duct
Umbilical cord is a richer source of stem cells than peripheral blood.
Umbilical cord is ducts.
Umbilical cord is embryology.
Umbilical cord is inserted on the abdominal wall.
Umbilical cord is part of embryos.
Umbilical cord is part of fetuses.
Umbilical cords insert adjacent to each other.
Umbilical cords separate in two to three weeks on average.
Umbilical hernia is hernia.
Umbilical hernia is herniation
Umbilical hernias appear as a bulge or swelling in the belly-button area.
Umbilical hernias are common in infants.
Umbilical hernias are fairly common.
Umbilical hernias are more common in babies with a low birth weight , including premature babies.
Umbilical hernias are more common in girls, premature babies and African-American babies.
Umbilical hernias are the second most common surgically treated hernias.
Umbilical hernias are usually painless.
Umbilical hernias are very common.
Umbilical hernias happen near the belly button.
Umbilical hernias occur in the umbilical ring, a weak spot around the navel.
Umbilical hernias occur near the navel and most often affect newborns.
Umbilical hernias occur slightly more frequently in infants of African American descent.
Umbilical scar is present.
Umbilical tubes bring hot water, heat and communications to each dwelling from the common house.
An umbilical vein is a vein
Umbilical veins carry blood.
Umbilical veins enter liver, along with vitelline.
Most umbilical veins carry blood.
Umbilical vessels carry blood to and from the placenta.
An umbra is a shadow
Umbra is a computer role-playing game written in Python.
Umbra is a simple computer role-playing game, written in Python.
Umbra is the total shadow,penumbra the partial shadow.
Umbra is when the entire sun is blocked by the earth as seen from the spacecraft.
Umbras are fish.
Umbras are shadows.
Umbral shadow has a bluish, very bright rim.
Umbrella bodies are likely to have their subsidy reduced.
Umbrella cockatoos have beaks.
Umbrella cockatoos have strong beaks.
Umbrella ferns are quite unlike any other fern.
Umbrella hat frees hands for more important fishing tasks.
An umbrella magnolia is a magnolia
Umbrella magnolia has a wedge-shaped leaf base.
An umbrella plant is a sedge
Umbrella plant is semi-aquatic and requires a very moist soil and a medium light exposure.
Umbrella plant spreads by rhizomes and can be aggressive in very moist soil.
Umbrella plants produce flowers.
Most umbrella plants produce flowers.
Umbrella policies are much broader than general liability coverages.
Umbrella policies are very popular with major trucking companies as well as self-insurers.
Umbrella policies pay only after the limits of the underlying primary policies are exhausted.
Umbrella policies provide an extra layer of protection.
Most umbrella policies come in million dollar increments, but the cost is surprisingly affordable.
Most umbrella policies insure only the policyholder s liability.
Most umbrella policies provide at least one millions dollars in excess liability protection.
Umbrella schools have the authority to test different grades if they desire.
Umbrella schools provide invaluable services to some homeschoolers.
Some umbrella schools require their registering families to sign a Statement of Faith.
Umbrella strollers are light weight, compact, and ideal for travel with older babies and children.
An umbrella tree is a bush
Umbrella tree reacts in various ways to cultural problems.
Umbrella trees have leaves.
Most umbrella trees have leaves.
An umbrella is a canopy
Umbrella amuse below no nature and makes venetian mirror.
Umbrella avoid inside an hotel thus depend reebok trainer.
Umbrella begin most doctor alongside lots curious taylor made fire sole irons.
Umbrella bombs launch from underneath each wing.
Umbrella cockatoos are solid white.
Umbrella comes with custom fitted matching case for storage.
Umbrella drop nets also require baiting and are set on the bottom off bridges, docks, and piers.
Umbrella enter off several easton hockey gear.
Umbrella guess alongside the yakima ski rack.
Umbrella isa artifact.
Umbrella rides and spinning rides in child size.
Umbrella stand jug with handles.
Umbrella stand sold separately.
Umbrella tables on patio.
Umbrella thrives off far more powerful branches located outside Raccoon City.
Umbrella turn Competitors at a relative from a choice.
Umbrellas are a good idea too.
Umbrellas are a requirement here.
Umbrellas are also available.
Umbrellas are always out, rain and shine.
Umbrellas are available for visitors to borrow at the entrance to each building.
Umbrellas are available for walking on rainy days.
Umbrellas are available in abundance here and many are very inexpensive.
Umbrellas are blue.
Umbrellas are canopies.
Umbrellas are capable of color.
Umbrellas are certainly an important and necessary part of society.
Umbrellas are cheap buy one there.
Umbrellas are cheap.
Umbrellas are defense.
Umbrellas are disposable.
Umbrellas are especially troublesome on breezy days.
Umbrellas are few and are at a premium and move around a lot.
Umbrellas are good for smiting, but so are falling cows, Mayhem.
Umbrellas are great for either rain or sun protection at sporting events.
Umbrellas are lightweights.
Umbrellas are located in beachs.
Umbrellas are located in cars.
Umbrellas are located in closets.
Umbrellas are located in stores.
Umbrellas are located in suitcases.
Umbrellas are mechanical devices.
Umbrellas are nowhere to be seen.
Umbrellas are protection.
Umbrellas are relatively useless in a frogburst because they tend to collapse.
Umbrellas are scope.
Umbrellas are shades.
Umbrellas are too flimsy and unreliable, and raincoats are about to be banned, for obvious reasons.
Umbrellas are unions.
Umbrellas are used for bad weather.
Umbrellas are used for rain storms.
Umbrellas are used for rainy days.
Umbrellas are very social, needing a lot of interaction.
Umbrellas attain height.
Umbrellas become popular in London.
Umbrellas blow inside out.
Umbrellas can also be very loud.
Umbrellas can also provide protection from harmful sun exposure.
Umbrellas can be either bullish or bearish depending on where they appear in a trend.
Umbrellas can cause major visual problems for anyone sitting behind one.
Umbrellas cartwheel down the street.
Umbrellas Click on the link to view the full line.
Umbrellas clothe the beach in every hue.
Umbrellas do talk.
Umbrellas have (part) handles.
Umbrellas have (part) hems.
Umbrellas have (part) ribs.
Umbrellas have (part) sections.
Umbrellas have functions.
Umbrellas have spokes.
Umbrellas have various functions.
Umbrellas make great tools for fighting off tourist crowds, even in good weather.
Umbrellas originate from north and central Moluccas .
Umbrellas pop up along the street in a synchronized dance.
Umbrellas protect from the high country sun, warm and brilliant even in winter.
Umbrellas represent protection from suffering.
Umbrellas shake and close, car doors slam.
Umbrellas start to appear.
Umbrellas unfurl like spinnakers.
All umbrellas require specific underlying coverage.
Most umbrella cockatoos have beaks.
Most umbrella cockatoos have strong beaks.
Most umbrellas attain height.
Most umbrellas have functions.
Most umbrellas have various functions.
Some umbrellas have holes.
Some umbrellas reflect light.
Many UMCE publications are available online.
UMDF chapters benefit the geographic areas they serve.
Umeboshi vinegar makes a delicious minestrone.
An umlaut is a diacritic
Umlauts appear generally in Germanic languages, yet the is used most often in Spanish.
An umpire is an official
Umpire calls a ball.
Umpire calls a strike.
Umpire calls one number.
Umpire calls the batter out for spectator interference.
Umpire declares the runner out.
Umpire is to assist in ruling on incomplete or trapped passes when ball is thrown overhead or short.
Umpire rules out.
Umpire taggin a runner at home plate with a ball.
Umpire unintentionally interferes with catchers throw to return runner.
Umpires also have the opportunity to attend an in-depth umpire training session.
Umpires are a vital part of baseball.
Umpires are also critical over lack of concern by management involving altercations with players.
Umpires are also in demand at the diamonds.
Umpires are always in short supply.
Umpires are at fault because they, too, are argumentative.
Umpires are different sometimes.
Umpires are distinguishable by their white coats.
Umpires are human and make mistakes.
Umpires are located in sporting events.
Umpires are officials.
Umpires are passive.
Umpires are responsible for providing the game ball and score card for each of their games.
Umpires are the nomads of major league baseball.
Umpires are to make the teams move if they are in the wrong dugout.
Umpires are usually able to determine a ball hitting flesh and hitting the bat.
Umpires call balls, strikes, and outs.
Umpires continue to be abused despite the fact that they work very hard to be the best they can be.
Umpires determine playability of fields at game time and thereafter.
Umpires do a great job on some plays in baseball.
Umpires do so on a voluntary basis, although there is some reimbursement of expenses.
Umpires follow each race and make instant penalty decisions.
Umpires get two week s work one week in advance.
Umpires have discretion over unsportsmanlike conduct.
Umpires have final call.
Umpires have three goals for every game.
Umpires have too much integrity to favor their hometown teams.
Umpires have, through the years, shrunk the strike zone to the batters' advantage.
Umpires keep track on score card.
Umpires like to call strikes when a fast-working pitcher is throwing.
Umpires look for control of the barrel of the bat.
Umpires look ridiculous, especially when signalling six.
Umpires make a lot of mistakes.
Umpires make bad calls.
Umpires make mistakes.
Umpires officiate the game .
Umpires officiate the game.
Umpires show up for spring training, too.
Umpires supervise pre-game practice.
Umpires try to make the best calls they possibly can, but being human they sometimes make mistakes.
Umpires vary in attention span levels.
Umpires waffling in the face of disgruntled managers and players are part of the sport here.
Umpires watch the batters break the rules and don t do a thing about it.
All umpires wear black underwear.
Every umpire has to be blessed with judgment.
Many umpires have limited experience and coaches cooperation is very important.
Many umpires think the pitcher argues calls too much.
Most umpires are better football players.
Most umpires can only handle changing one or at most two things in their umpiring at a time.
Most umpires just provide a hand signal.
Most umpires pray for a clean race with one crew out in front from the first stroke.
Some umpires are people who keep baseballs in a sack.
Some umpires are unreliable.
Some umpires believe a curve can enter the strike zone and then curve down into the dirt.
Some umpires do match reports before the game.
UMUC history professors themselves who are making history.
All UMUC students are responsible for adhering to the UMUC policy regarding academic integrity.
Umumutani thunder moves the maidens to rise up.
UMWA members live and work throughout the United States and Canada.
Some un agencies dedicate to tourism.
Una idea loca.
Una llama enamorada es amorosa.
Una union latinoamericana no es facil pero es posible.
Unabashed stag shows at Treasure Island did cause some controversy.
Unabomber sighting leads to police sketch.
Unabridged Bug list .
An unabridged dictionary is a dictionary
Unabridged dictionaries claim to list and define all the words used in a language.
Unabridged versions are available by purchasing back issues.
Unabsorbed calcium is excreted.
Unabsorbed carbohydrates can cause abdominal pain, flatulence and diarrhea.
Unabsorbed drug is eliminated in the feces.
Unabsorbed drug is excreted as both the free and acetylated forms via feces.
Unabsorbed drug is excreted in the feces.
Unabsorbed drug is excreted intact in the feces.
Unabsorbed drug is excreted through the feces.
Unabsorbed iron tends to darken stool color.
Unacceptable adverse impact results from mine operations.
Unacceptable adverse impact results from operations.
Unacceptable apparel are jeans, demin, cutoffs, shorts or wild prints.
Unacceptable apparel are jeans, demin, cutoffs, shorts, leggings, stretch pants or wild prints.
Unacceptable behavior includes verbal, non-verbal, and physical attacks.
Unacceptable behavior includes yelling across the room to classmates, boisterous behavior etc.
Unacceptable behavior is defined and the consequences of such behavior explained.
Unacceptable behavior is discouraged.
Unacceptable behavior is handled in the same manner.
Unacceptable behavior is one of the most common fatal diseases of domestic pets.
Unacceptable behaviors occur in three categories.
Unacceptable care continues to be a problem in many California nursing homes.
Unacceptable clothing includes flip flops, cutoffs, shorts, tank or halter tops.
Unacceptable colors are black and tan or liver.
Unacceptable containers are whirlpack bags, plastic bags, vacutainers, or paper envelopes.
Unacceptable costs result from poor access to health care.
Unacceptable delays arise in checking criminal records.
Unacceptable footwear includes conventional metal golf spikes, rubber multi-ribbed or cleated shoes.
Unacceptable impact results from mine operations.
Unacceptable impact results from operations.
Unacceptable material is trafficked on the Internet.
Unacceptable materials are household hazardous waste such as waste oil, pesticides, chemicals.
Unacceptable performance is tolerated today at nuclear plants just as it was at Three Mile Island.
Unacceptable premises make any argument a bad one.
Unacceptable residues found in live birds can delay or prevent their going to the processor.
Unacceptable seals are the result of excessive top pressure.
Unacceptable shoes are sneaker, deck, sandal or thong.
Many unacceptable things happen in all our lives.
Unacceptable use includes reconfiguring hardware or software, use of chat lines, and playing games.
Unaccompanied baggage is baggage with a bill of lading or similar document.
Unaccompanied minors have a right to be reunited with parents, guardians or extended family members.
All unaccompanied minors travel at the full adult fare.
Unaccompanied music is the norm.
Unaccompanied quests can make arrangements and are only permitted to play on weekdays.
Unaccompanied song is monophonic in texture.
Unaccompanied youth are on the street without an income or legal means to earn money.
Unaccountable groups posting misleading web pages are already a problem.
Unaccountable power is destructive.
Unaccountable power is uninformed.
Unaccountable prosecutors abuse their powers.
Unaccountable time can heal and renew.
Some unaccredited colleges provide legitimate academic work.
Unaccredited quotes are from the publisher's promotional material.
Unaccustomed ideas intermarry, unrelated images create a new vision.
Unacknowledged operation uses unnumbered information frame.
Unacknowledged sources invite suspicions of plagiarism, a serious offense.
Unacknowledged truth has a way of setting iron bands on the soul.
Unacknowledged vanity is ever the enemy of comedy.
Unactivated systems require higher temperature.
Unadaptable behavior is such as to indicate a failure of orderly living.
Unaddressed deficiencies have a negative effect on every member of the team.
Unaddressed problems tend to grow.
Unadjusted data shows similar results.
Unadmitted coverages are available in all states.
Unadorned denial is a possible stance, but it is almost always inadequate.
Unadulterated statistics are readily available from numerous reliable sources.
Unadvertised jobs make up the hidden job market.
Unadvertised positions account for the majority of job opportunities.
Unadvertised work carries no guarantee.
Unaffected brains make the same protein, showing that it is something that the body needs.
Unaffected cameras continue to display video.
Unaffected leaves remain normal. .
Unaffected parents are carriers and possess one copy of the mutated gene.
Unaffected siblings have a two in three chance of being carriers.
Unaffiliated candidates nominate their own.
Unaffiliated individuals are ineligible.
Unaffiliated persons can access the materials.
Many unaffiliated voters remain undecided.
Unaffordable drugs are essentially ineffective, no matter how good they look in clinical trials.
Unaffordable housing pushes many people into homelessness.
Unaffordable success is nothing of the sort.
Unafilliated individuals are welcome to observe and participate.
Unaged wines are yeasty tasting, lack bouquet and are frequently cloudy.
Unaided reason is insufficient for morality.
Unaided school can charge tuition fee commensurate with the facilities.
Unallocated balance remains to be distributed.
Any unallocated dollars go to the employee as cash.
Unallowable costs consist of expressly unallowable costs and unallowable directly associated costs.
Unallowable purchases are detailed on the Cardholder Agreement form.
Unalloyed aluminum is highly corrosion resistant, low strength, workable, conductive.
Unaltered animals are generally the ones that are involved in bites.
Unaltered animals are three times more likely to bite than unaltered ones.
Unaltered animals are three times more likely to bite.
Unaltered animals have more health problems than pets that have been spayed or neutered.
Unaltered cats tend to roam more than their spayed or neutered counterparts.
Unaltered distribution is permitted.
Unaltered dogs are at greater health risks, including some cancers.
Unaltered dogs are three times as likely to bite.
Unaltered foods are no safer.
Unaltered glass is present as scattered brown patches.
Unaltered males tend to develop muscular necks and shoulders as they mature.
Unaltered pets are more likely to bite.
Unaltered pets tend to exhibit behavior and temperament problems.
Unaltered rocks are blues, dark purples, and browns.
Unambiguous language is essential.
Unambiguous requirements are hard to define.
Unani medicine believes in preventative measures rather than curative.
Unani physicians attribute filariasis to the imbalance in the phlegm, yellow bile and black bile.
Unani system uses black pepper as a carminative, aphrodisiac and antispasmodic.
An unanimity is agreement
Unanimities are agreement.
Unanimity becomes the benchmark of efficiency.
Unanimity gives all committee members great negotiating clout.
Unanimity is a fallacy and a tame effort for make belief.
Unanimity is achieved neither by pure logic, nor by force, but by the virtue of seduction.
Unanimity is associated with better performance, but poorer decisions.
Unanimity is impossible.
Unanimity is necessary to change the Regulation.
Unanimity is the rule and secession is always possible.
Unanimity is valued, which is surprising.
Unanimity means either complete paralysis or reducing everything to the lowest common denominator.
Unanimity waits in the wings .
Unanimity waits in the wings.
Unanimous agreement is required to pass the student.
Unanimous approval is required for passing the written qualifying examination.
Unanimous approval is required.
Unanimous consensus is protected by the judicious use of the synergic veto .
Unanimous consent is granted by members remaining silent or voicing no objection.
Unanimous consent is needed to speak longer than five minutes.
Unanimous consent is needed when a member wishes to act contrary to or outside regular procedures.
Unanimous consent is requested.
Unanimous consent is very unlikely.
Unanimous decisions become the official position of the Conservative movement.
Unanimous decisions demand a high degree of compromises from the individuals.
Unanimous judgments are more authoritative and less vulnerable to criticism.
Unanimous votes are rare in today's political climate.
Unannotated sources publish the bare text of the law.
Unannounced items are fun.
Unannounced layoffs are even higher.
Unannounced quizzes are at the discretion of the instructors.
Unannounced quizzes are even possible.
Unannounced quizzes are possible.
Unannounced quizzes are probable to ensure students are keeping up with course work.
Unannounced quizzes are probable to insure students are keeping up with course work.
Unannounced quizzes are probable.
Unannounced quizzes be ready any time.
Unannounced visits are common between friends and relatives.
Unannounced visits are most effective.
Unannounced visits are usual in Tuvalu, and guests are always welcome.
Unannounced visits are welcome.
Unannounced visits can be difficult to accomodate due to limited space and staff support.
Unannounced visits can disrupt academic work or social plans.
Unannounced visitors are usually welcome and served refreshments.
Unanswered email can pile up and quickly become forgotten.
Unanswered hate is bad for business.
Unanswered items result in a loss of points.
Unanswered points have to be avoided.
Unanswered prayer is the only path to such glory.
Unanswered questions abound.
Unanswered questions appear here.
Unanswered questions belong on a discussion list or forum.
Unanswered questions can also be the starting points for students' final independent projects.
Unanswered questions can often immobilize a person with fear.
Unanswered questions lead one to proceed with the search.
Unanswered questions leave a lot of pain and trauma long after the event has occurred.
Unanswered questions remain about the risk of sabotage and liability in the case of an accident.
Unanswered questions remain concerning the operations of various departments.
Unanswered questions remain, concerning both environmental and health risks.
Unanswered questions remain.
Many unanswered questions remain about how air pollution affects health.
Many unanswered questions remain in nuclear physics.
Many unanswered questions remain, both with regard to legal and scientific issues.
Many unanswered questions remain, though, on the new proposed campus.
Many unanswered questions remain.
Some unanswered questions remain.
Unanticipated challenges can be especially difficult.
Any unanticipated concession made during oral argument is likely to appear in an opinion.
Unanticipated consequences are a feature of change, both technological and natural.
Unanticipated costs are the bane of good business.
Unanticipated costs create problems.
Unanticipated developments frustrate many a drafter.
Unanticipated events can alter the hours the center is open.
Unanticipated events can dramatically alter the supply of certain kinds of rugs.
Unanticipated events can have significant impacts on the local economy.
Unanticipated events can turn the economy around overnight.
Unanticipated forces can lead to dramatic changes in crop and livestock prices.
Unanticipated inflation alters the incentives normally created by price signals in the economy.
Unanticipated inflation can cause net exports to fall.
Unanticipated openings are the most common and most undesirable.
Unanticipated stress can cause regressive decompensation.
All unapplied substitutions require manual adjustment.
Unapproved absences can bring the teen back to court.
Unapproved harvesting is frowned upon.
Unapproved overloads result in a loss of credit.
Unapproved withdrawals constitute grounds for removal from the program.
Unarmed citizens make easy targets.
Unarmed civilians are inevitably the victims of conflict.
Unarmed guards are on watch along the fence.
Unarmed opinion has very little leverage over the armed groups.
Unarmed peasants suspected of collaborating with the enemy often become victims.
Unarmed people make fer such easy pickins.
Unarmed people tend to be dominated by their government.
Unarmed serfs are of course the best kind.
Unarousable coma is never permanent.
Unarranged papers ca.
Unarranged records ca.
Unary messages take precedence over binary and keyword messages.
Unary operators have higher precedence than binary operators.
Unary operators have no arguments when defined as member functions.
Unary operators have precedence over binary operators.
Unary operators operate on a single operand.
All unary operators have the same precedence and associativity.
All unary operators take the highest precedence.
Unary relationships are structural properties of a single tree node or text unit element.
Unassailable technology is, well, unassailable.
Unassembled carts make shipping cost effective.
Unassembled kits have clear bodies.
Unassessed places are available at most chambers.
Unassignable space is allocated for fire escape exits, corridors and the like.
Unassigned carrels are available to all library users.
Any unassigned carrels are available for use by other patrons or for short-term assignment.
Unassigned Events Consider each date as a bin holding events.
Unassigned exercises provide additional practice and review.
Unassigned lands are lands that haven t been given to any Native American tribe.
Unassigned problems are fair game for examinations.
Unassigned problems are fair game on examinations.
Unassigned settlers default to gathering any unassigned crops.
All unassigned time is considered part of a teacher's planning and preparation allotment.
Unassigned variables have their own name as their value.
Unassimilated material is passed out as feces.
Unassisted migrants are sometimes fairly difficult to trace.
Unassisted suicide is nonvoluntary in the same way that death as the result of any disease is so.
Unassuming kid breaks all the rules by throwing floaters off the wrong foot.
Unathorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unathorized reproduction is encouraged.
Unathourised duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unattached children are difficult to recognize.
Unattached children are manipulative and self-centered.
Unattached children learn trust only when they begin to give up control.
Unattached people like to eat out just as much as the next guy.
Unattainable goals frustrate, rather than motivate, most people.
Unattended access requires a dedicated account.
Unattended backpacks are perfect invitations for any pickpocket to steal valuables.
Unattended cars are subject to ticket or tow by traffic enforcement personnel.
Unattended children are a safety concern for all library users.
Unattended children are targets for abduction.
Unattended children arrest.
Unattended children increase risk of fire play.
Unattended children present a significant problem when the library closes.
Unattended computers are available computers.
Unattended cooking causes the majority of fires in the kitchen.
Unattended cooking is a major cause of fires in residence halls.
Unattended cooking is the leading cause of house fires.
Unattended cooking is the leading cause of kitchen fires.
Unattended cooking leads to fires.
Unattended equipment can create a fire hazard.
Unattended feet are the more common culprits.
Unattended homes containing wedding gifts are easy targets for thieves.
Unattended lights are a fire hazard that plague homeowners every holiday season.
Unattended messages have a habit of disappearing as new incoming mail drives it down the list.
Unattended minions are wont to run amok.
Unattended objects tend to disappear.
Unattended problems can fester and lead to hurt feelings and deeper rifts.
Unattended processes degrade over time.
Unattended processing is any activity that needs to take place on a scheduled or unattended basis.
Unattended projects have no interface elements.
Unattended property deteriorates very fast and is a liability to the owner and the neighbors.
Unattended sails fly away and are very dangerous.
Unattended sessions are easy with the powerful script language.
Unattended water can cause an incredible amount of erosion.
Unattended workstations Educate our community.
Unattended workstations pose one of the greatest risks to network security.
Unattentive boaters can easily find themselves pushed aground on the opposite side of the channel.
Unattractive truths emerge.
Unattributed items are anonymous.
Unattributed overtime is to be zero.
All unattributed quotations are by the author.
Unaudited statements are common, but can raise many more questions than they answer.
Unauthoried duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorised access is forbidden.
Unauthorised access takes many forms.
Unauthorised copying is actionable in a civil court and in some circumstances a criminal court.
Unauthorised copying is actionable under civil and criminal legislation.
Unauthorised copying is illegal.
Unauthorised disclosure can result in a fine and imprisonment.
Unauthorised distribution is advised.
Unauthorised duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorised reproduction is a criminal offence.
Unauthorised reproduction is illegal.
Unauthorised traders contribute nothing.
Unauthorised use is forbidden.
Unauthorised use is subject to severe civil and criminal penalties under applicable laws.
Any unauthorised use is prohibitted.
Any unauthorised use is pure theft.
Unauthorized abridgements are illegal.
Unauthorized absence is desertion
Unauthorized absences are grounds for disciplinary action.
Unauthorized absences are grounds for program dismissal.
Unauthorized access can and does take place.
Unauthorized access can lead to loss of productivity.
Unauthorized access can occur from inside the organization's walls as well.
Unauthorized access carries criminal penalties.
Unauthorized access is a violation of federal and state laws.
Unauthorized access is a violation of federal law.
Unauthorized access is a violation of law.
Unauthorized access is a violation of the law.
Unauthorized access is forbidden.
Unauthorized access is prevented through a password.
Unauthorized access is prevented using a security system.
Unauthorized access is prevented.
Unauthorized access is subject to criminal or civil penalities.
Unauthorized access is the primary concern.
Unauthorized access is the same as theft.
Unauthorized access is tracked and logged.
Unauthorized access is virtually impossible, reducing the risk of fraud.
Unauthorized access means viewing or copying software by a non-licensed user.
Unauthorized access poses yet another challenge to data protection.
Unauthorized accesses are difficult to audit, because they obscure the audit trail.
All unauthorized access is logged.
Any unauthorized access is logged.
Unauthorized activities are subject to review.
Any unauthorized appliance is subject to confiscation.
Unauthorized attempts activate a violations dialog box and prompt for a correct password.
Unauthorized calls are the responsibility of the person who placed the call.
Unauthorized calls can result in unauthorized charges.
Unauthorized collaboration is an example of an academically dishonest act.
Unauthorized collaboration misrepresents joint work as the work of an individual.
Unauthorized copy is prohiboted.
Unauthorized copying causes bad karma.
Unauthorized copying is a violation of applicable U.S. laws.
Some unauthorized dealers sell grey goods or parallel import versions of the products.
Unauthorized disclosure can affect any organization's profitability.
Unauthorized disclosure can result in termination of employment.
Unauthorized disclosure is subject to both civil and criminal penalties.
Any unauthorized disclosure is punishable as a Class D felony.
Unauthorized distribution is forbidden.
Any unauthorized distribution is illegal.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation blah blah masturbation.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of all applicable laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable international laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable law, including halacha.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable law.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable U.S. laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of federal and state laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of federal laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of law.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of web publishing laws.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation.
Unauthorized duplication is double-plus ungood.
Unauthorized duplication is forbidden.
Unauthorized duplication is illegal, wron g and bad karma.
Unauthorized duplication is in violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized duplication is is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized duplication is lame.
Unauthorized duplication is no good.
Unauthorized duplication is unethical and illegal.
Unauthorized duplication is unlawful.
Unauthorized duplication is very very bad karma.
Unauthorized duplication is very very bad.
Unauthorized duplication leads to punishment.
Unauthorized duplications is violation of applicable laws.
Any unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized employment carries very serious consequences.
Unauthorized employment is grounds for deportation.
Unauthorized employment is very difficult to hide.
Unauthorized entry can result in criminal prosecution.
Unauthorized entry is a crime.
Unauthorized exploitation has serious economic implications for the trade mark owners.
Unauthorized individuals tamper with sensitive data and program files.
Unauthorized insurance is a third-degree felony.
Unauthorized insurers are also a problem in Nevada.
Unauthorized mail is returned to the sender with a letter of explanation.
Unauthorized migrants are underrepresented in white-collar occupations.
Unauthorized moves can cause serious networking problems.
Unauthorized persons are subject to arrest for trespass violations.
Unauthorized practice is legal work done by people without state licenses.
Unauthorized publication is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized purchases become the personal obligations of the individual who made the purchase.
Unauthorized removal is discouraged because of the requirement to use a removal tool.
Unauthorized reproduction causes birth defects.
Unauthorized reproduction causes blindness in laboratory rats.
Unauthorized reproduction causes morning sickness.
Unauthorized reproduction is a majorly hostile gesture.
Unauthorized reproduction is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized reproduction is a violation of copyrights.
Unauthorized reproduction is a violation of federal as well as spiritual laws.
Unauthorized reproduction is a violation of federal law.
Unauthorized reproduction is against the law and is subject to prosecution.
Unauthorized reproduction is both unethical and a violation of the law.
Unauthorized reproduction is expressly forbidden.
Unauthorized reproduction is forbidden, of course.
Unauthorized reproduction is forbidden.
Unauthorized reproduction is frowned upon.
Unauthorized reproduction is illegal and disrespectful.
Unauthorized reproduction is in violation of criminal and civil intellectual property laws.
Unauthorized reproduction is just a bad idea.
Unauthorized reproduction is punishable under federal law.
Unauthorized reproduction is subject to civil and criminal penalties.
Unauthorized reproduction is subject to lawsuit.
Unauthorized reproduction is totally for squares, daddy-o.
Unauthorized reproduction is unauthorized.
Unauthorized reproductions are counterfeits.
All unauthorized reproduction is expressly forbidden.
Any unauthorized reproduction can result in criminal and civil penalties.
Any unauthorized reproduction constitutes a violation of federal law.
Unauthorized residents invalidate the agreement of all occupants, who are subject to sanctions.
Unauthorized servers are subject to disconnection.
Unauthorized trading is the execution of transactions without the customer s prior consent.
Unauthorized translations appear, particularly in the alternative press and literary magazines.
Unauthorized usage is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized usage is a violation of federal law.
Unauthorized usage is forbidden.
Any unauthorized usage is illegal.
Unauthorized use includes any falsification or intentional misrepresentation.
Unauthorized use includes reviewing records for personal use or at the request of friends.
Unauthorized use includes trying to provide an internet-related service through the connection.
Unauthorized use is a punishable offence.
Unauthorized use is a violation of applicable law.
Unauthorized use is a violation of applicable laws.
Unauthorized use is astoundingly high.
Unauthorized use is expressly forbidden.
Unauthorized use is forbidden without written approval.
Unauthorized use is forbidden, and just plain rude.
Unauthorized use is forbidden.
Unauthorized use is illegal and subject to prosecution.
Unauthorized use is illegal and totally uncool.
Unauthorized use is illegal, immoral, and can lead to other anti-social behaviours.
Unauthorized use is prevented by distributing content with encryption.
Unauthorized use is prohibitted.
Unauthorized use is punishable under penalty of all applicable federal, state, and local laws.
Unauthorized use is restricted.
Unauthorized use is subject to civil and criminal penalties under applicable law.
Unauthorized use is subject to prosecution under applicable state and federal laws.
Unauthorized use is subject to severe civil and criminal penalties under applicable laws.
Unauthorized use is unwise.
Unauthorized use requires some action.
Unauthorized use violates federal and state laws.
Any unauthorized use constitutes an infringement.
Any unauthorized use is considered a violation.
Any unauthorized use is expressly forbidden.
Any unauthorized use is illegal.
Any unauthorized use is really uncool.
Any unauthorized use is unlawful and subjects the violator to prosecution.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission liscense granted by Skateboard.ws.
Unauthorized users are unaware of the tracking function.
Unauthorized users can elevate their privileges to root.
Any unauthorized user can fire such a weapon simply by confiscating the ring.
Unauthorized vehicles are subject to being towed or immobilized with an auto-boot.
Unauthorized vehicles are subject to ticketing and towing.
Unauthorized vehicles parked in disabled spaces are subject to towing at the owners expense.
All unauthorized vehicles run the risk of being towed.
Any unauthorized vehicles left in the park are subject to towing at the owner's expense.
Unauthorized versions appear almost immediately in a variety of publications.
Unauthorized viewers see a completely scrambled file.
All unauthorized visitors are unwelcome and looked upon with extreme prejudice.
Unauthorized withdrawals yield failing grades in enrolled courses.
Unauthorized worker is illegal worker who have no right to work in the United State.
Unauthorized workers are especially vulnerable to abuse and exploitation.
Unavailability is an inconvenience
Unavailability is due to revision of a course or loss of instructor.
Unavailable capacity is required to take on new initiatives as they arise.
Unavailable energy is most often in the form of thermal energy.
Unavailable information includes data about the future.
Unavailable portion is lost to the atmosphere.
Unavailable seconds is mutually exclusive of retrain and failed retrain seconds.
Unavailable seconds start accruing when ten consecutive severely errored seconds occur.
Unavailable wars are always just.
Unavailable water remains when soil is direr than wilting point.
Unavailable widgets use the alternate color scheme.
Unavoidable biases are also evident in some forecasts.
Unavoidable defects are inherent to the very nature of what is attempted.
Unavoidable failures cause repeated pain.
Unaware students are the ones of concern.
Unaythorized pets can be a big problem for owners and can result in expensive damages.
Unbacked construction allows dirt and moisture to pass through for easy cleanup.
Unbaked knishes freeze well.
Unbaked muffins are likely to have poor texture.
Unbalance diets lead to deficiency diseases.
Unbalance diets lead to diseases.
Unbalance forces change states.
Unbalance isa situation.
Unbalanced action reduces the benefits of a pose and can even cause injury.
Unbalanced brackets is one such.
Unbalanced diets account for about one-third of all U.S. cancer cases.
Unbalanced diets account for about one-third of cancer cases.
Unbalanced force acting through a distance does exist in radiant space.
Unbalanced forces cause accelerations .
Unbalanced forces cause changes in velocity.
Unbalanced forces produce acceleration.
Unbalanced growth has three kinds of consequences.
Unbalanced homes can cause excessive energy consuption.
Unbalanced loads can cause the washer to vibrate more.
Unbalanced loads can strain the machine's suspension.
Unbalanced matrices give utilitarians many problems.
Unbalanced people are less creative and innovative.
Unbalanced people are usually out of shape and have health problems.
Unbalanced people have more stress.
Unbalanced people have poor relationships.
Unbalanced posture can lead to structural weakness, bad circulation and physical disease.
Unbalanced reinforcements provide performance demanded by market.
Unbalanced schedule is right.
All unbalanced symbols are necessarily evil.
Unbalanced tags are automatically balanced.
Unbalanced tires bounce and lose contact with the road.
Unbalanced tires exhibit a spotty, erratic, cupped wear pattern.
Unbalanced transfer can also happen when using standard template library classes.
Unbalanced water can irritate eyes, corrode the equipment and leave mineral deposits.
Unbalanced water can lead to scale formation on the heater element.
Unbaled hay lies in saturated swaths, but crops rise high with well fed vigour.
Unbaptized children are also part of the same process but are placed with others of similar age.
Unbearable anxieties see Primitive anxieties.
Unbearable anxiety means just that.
Unbearable pain develops.
Unbeatable options creates stability since there are no incentives to compete.
Unbeatable weather is the trump card.
Unbelief acts as an opponent to faith and pulls on the mountain from the other side.
Unbelief alone rejects it.
Unbelief can be very subtle by some, and more flagrant by others.
Unbelief hides there.
Unbelief is content
Unbelief is content.
Unbelief is self- contradictory.
Unbelief leaves a person in utter darkness.
Unbelief lies at the root of sloth.
Unbelief presupposes the opportunity to believe.
All unbelief is sin. . . .
Some unbelief is a result of sinful lives.
Unbelievable details are available at their site.
Unbelievable label makes each bottle a collectors item.
Unbelievable light exists here.
Unbelievable moments happen in a perfectly logical happenstance.
An unbeliever is a nonreligious person
Unbelievers are in bondage to sin.
Unbelievers are still under the Covenant of Works.
Unbelievers are there.
Unbelievers are welcome, too.
Unbelievers believe more than believers and on less evidence.
Unbelievers can never act in true love.
Unbelievers desire a sign.
Unbelievers die in a state of sinfulness.
Unbelievers exist throughout the world.
Unbelievers face eternal punishment.
Unbelievers gather to themselves perks of office.
Unbelievers give thanks for material blessing.
Unbelievers have in their ranks the pacifists and the militant.
Unbelievers have no chance against Satan's billions of demons and their relentless fury.
Unbelievers interpret all of life in terms of their own covenant-breaking presuppositions.
Unbelievers lack hope.
Unbelievers make that choice of their own accord.
Unbelievers remain in bondage to sin.
Unbelievers serve in church offices.
Unbelievers often get the wrong invitation.
All unbelievers do, whether intentionally or out of ignorance.
All unbelievers presuppose their non-createdness and, thus, autonomy.
Many unbelievers have great abilities in teaching and in administration, for example.
Many unbelievers recoil in horror, and reject the gospel without further thought.
Most unbelievers are idolaters of one sort or another.
Most unbelieving spouses are eventually fair when it comes to their kids.
Unbelted persons can also collide with each other.
Unbendible arm is real .
Unbiased children have NDEs similar to adults D .
Unbiased coverage is.
Unbiased critiques are another benefit of entering work in awards shows.
Unbiased information is often hard to find.
Unbiased justice is one of the greatest requirements for all men to live together peacefully.
Unbiased mentors are often helpful by probing with the wise question.
Unbiased science changes the theory to support the facts.
Unbiased Statistics Suppose the problem at hand is to collect some data to estimate a quantity z .
Unbiased truth is difficult to find in an industry controlled by materials manufacturers.
Unbidden contact is an intrusion.
Unbidden guests Are often welcomest when they are gone.
Unbitted tongues are in their penance double, They shame their owners, and the hearers trouble.
Unbleached cotton lends a lovely warm white color to the fabric.
Unbleached flour is aged and bleached naturally by oxygen in the air.
Unbleached flour is less processed than white flour, but works just as well in recipes.
Unbleached flour works best for any kind of bread or yeast product.
Unbleached linen is the type of thread most frequently selected by conservators.
UNbleached paper is as close to environmentally benign as can be achieved in a non-reusable product.
Unbleached paper is best for the environment, and helps to make a great clean tasting cup of tea.
Unbleached paper is either gray or dyed during papermaking.
Unbleached paper is fine for most uses.
Unblemished holiness manifests itself in unlimited power.
Unblinking eyes are probably an advantage when hunting.
Unboiled milk is an excellent cleanser.
Unbonded batting has many drawbacks.
Unborn babies are at a very vulnerable stage of development.
Unborn babies are the most innocent of all human life.
Unborn babies are things, as property is a thing.
Unborn babies have a different blood delivery system to keep the lungs from being damaged.
Unborn child continues to be victimized.
Unborn Child Continues To Be Victimized.
Unborn child dies in the womb pursuant to accident-induced injuries.
Unborn child has a fundamental individual right to life.
Unborn child remains healthy.
Unborn children are also at increased risk, as are pregnant women, and the elderly and the infirm.
Unborn children are at greatest risk from low-level exposure to methylmercury.
Unborn children are at risk Moms can pass lead to their unborn or breastfeeding children.
Unborn children are by definition human beings from the point of conception onward.
Unborn children are human being with the basic human right to life.
Unborn children are particularly vulnerable to the adverse impacts of exposure to risk factors.
Unborn children have protectible interests in life, health and well-being.
Unborn fetus is given dental and fingerprint comparisons.
Unborn fetus shows signs of fetal distress.
Unborn fetuses are at special risk for serious damage to the developing nervous system.
Unborn Foals are Available at Reasonable Prices.
Unborn infants appear to detect sweetness and newborns clearly sense and enjoy sweet tastes.
All unbound periodicals are for library use only.
Unbounded behavior is modeled through explicit instantiation of recursive templates.
Unbounded language construct if , while , for , switch , or try without end .
Unbounded media transmit the data-carrying signal through space, independent of a cable.
Unbounded optimism is therefore difficult to justify.
Unbranched stalks carry solitary flowerheads.
Unbranded concepts present another opportunity for foodservice companies.
Unbreakable glass is included .
Unbreakable mirror attaches with velcro-closure.
Unbreakable ones come in all sizes.
Unbreakable polyethylene is easy to clean.
Unbridled anger is a character trait that renders a person unfit for leadership.
Unbridled anger is the source for much outward acts of violence and inward roots of bitterness.
Unbridled change sizzles through the fissures.
Unbridled emotions override the sound judgment and reasoning required to succeed in advertising.
Unbridled enthusiasm fuels many of the people who come to the rabbinate later in life.
Unbridled growth concerns both citizens and politicians.
Unbridled growth is dangerous.
Unbridled joy is hope with even the slightest doubt removed.
Unbridled lust wreaks havoc.
Unbridled optimism can be harmful.
Unbridled retribution erupts from some unknown, untraceable source.
Unbridled stress can also contribute to heart disease and weaken other body organs.
Unbroken conduit can pass through a classified area without seals.
Unbroken lamps are quite strong and require little special handling.
Unbroken line runs back from outer corner of eye.
Unbroken lines represent cuts.
Unbroken peace lies everywhere.
Unbroken planes offer improved power distribution, enhanced signal integrity and lower noise.
Unbroken pots means undisturbed sites.
Unbroken skin forms a generally good barrier against bloodborne pathogens.
Unbroken skin forms an impervious barrier against bloodborne pathogens.
Unbroken teas have relatively large and intact leaves.
Unbroken trails require snowshoes.
Unbuckled drivers are four times as likely to require hospitalization for injuries.
Unbuckled motorists account for two-thirds of the fatalities in Tennessee.
Unbundled access enables the realisation of true broadband connectivity over existing copper pairs.
Unburned areas serve as refugia for slower moving wildlife such as small rodents and reptiles.
Unburned fuel can saturate it and cause a fire.
Unburned hydrocarbons are a source of air pollution.
Unburned islands increase vegetative diversity which attracts a wider variety of birds and animals.
Unburned prairies leave a mantle of dead and decaying vegetation.
Unburned vegetation is shown here in green, orange and red tones.
Unburnished images have an antique or rough-hewn look.
Uncal cord is the term for the umbilical cord being wrapped around the baby.
Uncal herniation is a subset of descending transtentorial herniations.
Uncalcined gypsum is added to Portland cement as a retarder.
Uncalibrated data is treated identically to calibrated data by our data system.
Uncanny dodge makes no mention of avoiding the affects of a feignt.
Uncapitalized nouns are generic references to non-specific persons, places, or things.
Uncapped ammonia based solvents evaporate quickly leaving only a weak carrier.
Uncapped chimneys make very adequate substitutes for hollow trees.
Many uncaring individuals do just that.
Uncastrated males mark their territories by urine spraying.
Uncataloged materials are a waste of staff time, too.
Uncatalogued material is accessible from a separate inventory available in the division.
Uncatalogued material is accessible through a special file which lists all individual titles.
Uncatalogued material is accessible.
Uncatalogued material is also accessible.
Uncatalogued materials are accessible.
Any uncaught exception ends just that thread.
Uncautious adventurers risk getting killed by collapsing ground and ceiling or sink in deep water.
Uncertain choices come with fearful risk.
Uncertain dates are indicated by a question mark.
Some uncertain entries are question marked.
Uncertain incomes perpetuate indebtedness, and social misery is compounded.
Uncertain inference allows for query processing even on incompatible database schemas.
All uncertain info is followed by a question mark, and unknown info is replaced by a question mark.
Uncertain information is given in brackets.
Uncertain narration is usually present in novels, even if unstated.
Uncertain resources dominate strategic planning.
Uncertain times create an uncertain market.
Uncertain times pose a defining test for any leader.
Uncertain values are within parentheses.
Uncertain voters are now more satisfied with the way the country is being governed. . .
Uncertainty analysis is used to predict accuracy of results.
Uncertainty avoidance reflects the degree to which a society tolerates ambiguous situations.
Uncertainty modeling is also cool.
Uncertainty of measurement comes into play here.
Uncertainties are absolute.
Uncertainties are always present.
Uncertainties are both statistical and systematic.
Uncertainties are difficult .
Uncertainties are even larger as to policy requirements over the longer term.
Uncertainties are fractional.
Uncertainties are important, however.
Uncertainties are inherent in any such loss estimation methodology.
Uncertainties are present in both the flux and the escape pathlength.
Uncertainties are the makings of disputes and, in the worst case scenario, to expensive litigation.
Uncertainties arise in relation to accountability, up-front investment and unexpected events.
Uncertainties can affect the worth of the acquisition.
Uncertainties can exceed a hundred million years.
Uncertainties cloud the favourable outlook for the transfer of agricultural technology.
Uncertainties cloud the outlook for the transfer of agricultural technology.
Uncertainties continue to cloud the growth prospects for the U.S. and Japanese economies.
Uncertainties exist regarding the amount of labor required for wet cleaning.
Uncertainties form an integral part of the policy making process.
Uncertainties greet latest planet finds.
Uncertainties Looking ahead, there are plenty of uncertainties.
Uncertainties mainly depend on applicability of that simple model.
Uncertainties regarding the dose-response function remain.
Uncertainties remain .
Uncertainties remain regarding the signal in the near field.
Uncertainties remain regarding various components of the conceptual site model.
Uncertainties remain with regards to the company s dependence on the systems of business partners.
Uncertainties require creative responses by motivated buyers, sellers and their lawyers.
Uncertainties still loom over the market, but the worst appears to be over.
Uncertainties still remain.
Uncertainties still underlie the blocking or manipulation of coreceptors.
Uncertainties surround the India and China situation.
Uncertainty abounds in a cycle of rising rates.
Uncertainty abounds in a school.
Uncertainty abounds in such enquiry.
Uncertainty abounds in such studies and was handled through sensitivity analysis.
Uncertainty abounds over things economic, scientific, political, social, and cultural.
Uncertainty affects decisions.
Uncertainty also affects the timing of investment.
Uncertainty also exists in relation to wage development.
Uncertainty also exists on other fronts.
Uncertainty also leads to a preference for taxes over quantity controls.
Uncertainty also presents a challenge.
Uncertainty also surrounds fiscal policy.
Uncertainty appears certain.
Uncertainty arises due to measurement errors, systematic errors, and random sampling errors.
Uncertainty arises due to the inaccuracies of sensors used in measuring distances and angles.
Uncertainty associated with time resolution of the measuring device is determined.
Uncertainty associates with measurements.
Uncertainty begins where previous rule-based knowledge ends.
Uncertainty brings risk, but also opportunity.
Uncertainty can also lead to enormous societal costs.
Uncertainty can be a source of great agitation.
Uncertainty can be an aphrodisiac.
Uncertainty can cause great pain, but with certainty there are still many practical considerations.
Uncertainty can lead to caution.
Uncertainty can lead to costly and time-consuming litigation.
Uncertainty can lead to trouble.
Uncertainty can motivate a search.
Uncertainty can produce nagging feelings of insecurity and indecisiveness about how to proceed.
Uncertainty caused by the growing public-sector debt reduces private investment.
Uncertainty causes fear which stimulates further terror swirling about the people of East Timor.
Uncertainty causes problems.
Uncertainty characterizes the whole world.
Uncertainty chills information flows.
Uncertainty collides with purpose, leisure measures busyness.
Uncertainty combined with embarrassment makes victims less inclined to report attacks.
Uncertainty comes in degrees, sometimes small, sometimes very large.
Uncertainty comes into play when there IS no one most probable thing to happen.
Uncertainty Compute the uncertainty in a parameter value.
Uncertainty continues to characterize the financial markets.
Uncertainty continues to plague assessments of the status of North Korea's nuclear weapons program.
Uncertainty contributes to the excitement and suspense of living.
Uncertainty creates a lower valuation.
Uncertainty creates anxiety.
Uncertainty creates tension and a lack of concentration, which leads to frustration.
Uncertainty destroys confidence and self-efficacy.
Uncertainty differs from risk.
Uncertainty discourages productive activity, saving and investing.
Uncertainty embodies the idea of unknown probabilities, i.e. randomness of the external environment.
Uncertainty engages the mind.
Uncertainty equals loss of control.
Uncertainty exists because changes have occurred which affect property values, and are continuing.
Uncertainty exists because models are mimics of reality.
Uncertainty exists on how to manage increasing employee benefit costs.
Uncertainty exists regarding the severity of the abuse or neglect.
Uncertainty explains many aspects of visual contrast detection and discrimination.
Uncertainty fills the air.
Uncertainty frightens people, regardless of age and stage, and clear causes provide comfort.
Uncertainty generally decreases their value.
Uncertainty gives rise to both opportunity and risk .
Uncertainty gives way then to bitter sorrow.
Uncertainty hangs like a cloud over the possibilities of the future.
Uncertainty has some obvious consequences for the world economy.
Uncertainty hurts industry and regulators alike.
Uncertainty increases the level of excitement in the classroom.
Uncertainty influences preparation for a task or activity.
Uncertainty invades the relationships infected by the virus of pretense.
Uncertainty is a big source of psychological stress.
Uncertainty is a central feature of any analysis of the potential risks of global climate change.
Uncertainty is a distinct characteristic of the project environment .
Uncertainty is a fact of life common to all areas of science.
Uncertainty is a fly on the windscreen so visibility is shot.
Uncertainty is a function of the extent and quality of knowledge about a problem.
Uncertainty is a given, at least at first.
Uncertainty is a key difficulty in decision-making.
Uncertainty is a key facet of that metadata.
Uncertainty is a large part of an Alaska adventure.
Uncertainty is a measure of the inability to predict.
Uncertainty is a necessary feature of the untested.
Uncertainty is a part of life.
Uncertainty is a scary thing.
Uncertainty is a third major cause of difficulty in decision-making.
Uncertainty is a very important thing to keep in mind when dealing with scientific data of any sort.
Uncertainty is a wonderful thing if thought of in the right context.
Uncertainty is adaptive when problems change across trials.
Uncertainty is always costly.
Uncertainty is always difficult for financial markets.
Uncertainty is always present in markets, of course.
Uncertainty is an essential ingredient of progress.
Uncertainty is an everyday experience.
Uncertainty is an important part of the environment of doing business.
Uncertainty is an inevitable characteristic of warfare.
Uncertainty is an inevitable part of statistical science.
Uncertainty is associated with each link of the causal chain of climate change.
Uncertainty is at a minimum when all elements are in the same category.
Uncertainty is bad for investments as it makes long term planning difficult.
Uncertainty is bad for manufacturing, but essential for research.
Uncertainty is bad.
Uncertainty is built into creation.
Uncertainty is caused by the difficulty of reliably and timeously detecting failures.
Uncertainty is caused by the fact that a zone of exclusion was involved.
Uncertainty is caused by the lack of evidence to support either belief or disbelief.
Uncertainty is central to environmental problem-solving.
Uncertainty is central to trading.
Uncertainty is common for most self-employed people, and especially for agricultural producers.
Uncertainty is compounded.
Uncertainty is counter productive to proper price discovery or price enhancement.
Uncertainty is denied.
Uncertainty is determined of reading accuracy of the voltmeter.
Uncertainty is emotion.
Uncertainty is enemy and friend.
Uncertainty is especially important.
Uncertainty is everywhere, but the tools to cope with it exist.
Uncertainty is everywhere.
Uncertainty is exacerbated because opportunities for discussion are limited.
Uncertainty is expressed by means of qualitative certainty levels.
Uncertainty is fundamentally part of the inherent honesty of the scientific process.
Uncertainty is good.
Uncertainty is greatest in the estimates of the existence values.
Uncertainty is grist for their mill.
Uncertainty is handled by the Bayesian network approach.
Uncertainty is inescapable and ubiquitous.
Uncertainty is inevitable.
Uncertainty is inherent in combat.
Uncertainty is inherent in the analysis of global warming issues.
Uncertainty is inherent in the process.
Uncertainty is inherent to the risk assessment process.
Uncertainty is macroscopic.
Uncertainty is modeled with a probability distribution on the state space.
Uncertainty is much greater in strategic planning.
Uncertainty is much more effective.
Uncertainty is no longer the sole preserve of the socially excluded.
Uncertainty is no place for wimps.
Uncertainty is of Latin origin, from certus, meaning a certificate.
Uncertainty is often high.
Uncertainty is often the hardest to bear.
Uncertainty is one of the crucial factors which generates the various stages of misunderstanding.
Uncertainty is one thing, actual events are another.
Uncertainty is overcome by proper dissemination of information about departure gates and times.
Uncertainty is part of the process of creation.
Uncertainty is part of the process, and it can be uncomfortable.
Uncertainty is part of the sport of our hobby.
Uncertainty is part of the stock in trade of the scaremongerers.
Uncertainty is pervasive, but there is no one answer about how to deal with it.
Uncertainty is pervasive.
Uncertainty is probably the biggest issue that haunts freelancers.
Uncertainty is qualitatively described is terms of possibility distributions.
Uncertainty is quality
Uncertainty is quality.
Uncertainty is readiness.
Uncertainty is recognized as having an important role in policy making.
Uncertainty is related to the prediction of incidental scenarios in the nuclear power plant.
Uncertainty is relative to the possibility of a finer-grained cognitive domain.
Uncertainty is replaced by abundance, and death is overcome by resurrection and immortality.
Uncertainty is represented by probability distributions.
Uncertainty is risk.
Uncertainty is small or high, and few measurement problems.
Uncertainty is stressful.
Uncertainty is the bane of the process.
Uncertainty is the basis for all kvetching, says Held.
Uncertainty is the beginning.
Uncertainty is the biggest enemy.
Uncertainty is the central issue of risk.
Uncertainty is the distribution of the er- rors of stage estimates about a specific discharge.
Uncertainty is the foe of investment.
Uncertainty is the issue.
Uncertainty is the only legitimate conclusion that can be drawn from the data.
Uncertainty is the only thing that's certain here.
Uncertainty is the period between trends.
Uncertainty is the price employees pay for flying at a fraction of the standard ticket rate.
Uncertainty is the real challenge to artificial intelligence.
Uncertainty is the refuge of hope.
Uncertainty is the theme over and over.
Uncertainty is the very essence of romance.
Uncertainty is the water which wears away the stone of resolve.
Uncertainty is the worst illness.
Uncertainty is the worst thing that can happen here.
Uncertainty is unavoidable in software engineering.
Uncertainty is unavoidable.
Uncertainty is, of course, an inescapable circumstance of any dynamic environment.
Uncertainty is, of course, particularly acute at turning points in the economy.
Uncertainty is, perhaps, the only certainty.
Uncertainty isa quality.
Uncertainty keeps doors too open.
Uncertainty keeps men and women in unwise, unhealthy, and unsatisfying relationships way too long.
Uncertainty knocks on the door.
Uncertainty leads to cautious, quiet behavior.
Uncertainty leads to discomfort and is often assumed to be the result of an error.
Uncertainty leads to fear, fear leads to tension, tension leads to . . .
Uncertainty leaves room for opportunity.
Uncertainty lies ahead.
Uncertainty lights a fire in the imagination.
Uncertainty limits effects.
Uncertainty looms large.
Uncertainty makes people save money for later rather than invest it now.
Uncertainty means that a variable, say, the oil price for the coming years, is simply unpredictable.
Uncertainty means that people are forced continually to glance back.
Uncertainty necessarily keeps speeds down.
Uncertainty needs to be built in more widely than in numeric values.
Uncertainty occurs while driving for many reasons.
Uncertainty only hampers decisions on future technology.
Uncertainty only leads to divergence if politicians care about policy as well as winning.
Uncertainty pervades the exercise, due to a number of problems.
Uncertainty plays a part in any partisan environment.
Uncertainty plays a very important role in the representation, access, and retrieval of information.
Uncertainty principles for some locally compact groups.
Uncertainty provokes anxiety.
Uncertainty Refers to doubt concerning one's ability to predict outcomes.
Uncertainty refers to varying degrees of belief about various features of a process.
Uncertainty reflects the systematic and random errors in the measurement.
Uncertainty regarding bigeye stock structure seriously restricts the confidence that scientists and.
Uncertainty regarding specific variables associated with quality outcomes prevails.
Uncertainty reigns as traders ponder what to do next.
Uncertainty related to independent shippers is eliminated.
Uncertainty remains about the island's future.
Uncertainty remains over the causes of the wolf decline.
Uncertainty remains regarding the most appropriate radiographic evaluation.
Uncertainty remains the stumbling block to any sustainable rally by the major averages.
Uncertainty remains, however, during storm flows when the stream scours and fills unpredictably.
Uncertainty remains, policies have still to deliver.
Uncertainty represents business poison.
Uncertainty results from the use of proxy variables.
Uncertainty rules the Las Vegas Strip and many other regions of the gaming industry.
Uncertainty seems an appropriate stance here.
Uncertainty seems the defining feature of Japan as it enters the new millennium.
Uncertainty shrouds the legal parameters of digital music swapping.
Uncertainty stems from decisions.
Uncertainty stems from patterns.
Uncertainty still exists about the structural stability of the remaining buildings.
Uncertainty still permeates the quake's consequences.
Uncertainty surprises all.
Uncertainty surrounding repairing obligations can lead to particular problems for either party.
Uncertainty surrounds the quantity.
Uncertainty tends to create a dogma.
Uncertainty tends to make people uncomfortable.
Uncertainty therefore haunts the new rulers.
Uncertainty frequently exists as to whom various responsibilities belong in the growing team.
Uncertainties Often point estimates of toxicity or exposure are used in risk assessments.
Uncertainty often arises in practice from bid-ask spreads, estimation errors, and the like.
Many uncertainties exist in the science and application of genetic engineering.
Many uncertainties go along with farming income, weather, changing schedules.
Many uncertainties persist regarding the early detection and treatment of prostate cancer.
Many uncertainties remain with respect to the exact consequences of global warming.
Many uncertainties still plague the island's future.
Many uncertainties still surround the global outlook.
Many uncertainties surround even the theory of global warming.
Many uncertainties surround the appropriate treatment for men with early stage prostate cancer.
Many uncertainties surround the timing, magnitude and patterns of climate change.
Most uncertainties surrounding gas supply are on the up side.
Most uncertainty affects decisions.
Most uncertainty associates with measurements.
Most uncertainty causes problems.
Most uncertainty limits effects.
Most uncertainty stems from decisions.
Most uncertainty stems from patterns.
Much uncertainty exists, and most areas are subject to interpretation.
Much uncertainty remains about wheat yields, especially in western North Dakota, Montana and Canada.
Some uncertainties come about because of limitations in our measuring apparatus.
Some uncertainties remain, and they are good targets for new measurements.
Some uncertainties still exist.
Some uncertainty associates with excretion.
Some uncertainty attaches to both the origin and the application of the name.
Some uncertainty derives from complexity.
Some uncertainty exists about how to use the technology correctly.
Some uncertainty exists in the last digit of each atomic weight.
Some uncertainty exists, however, on the status of the temporary or ephemeral copy.
Some uncertainty leads to uncertainty.
Some uncertainty relates to projections.
Some uncertainty relates to results.
Some uncertainty relates to term projections.
Some uncertainty surrounds the fate of the first nuclear device built by South Africa.
Uncertified copies are also available to qualified applicants from local county registrars' offices.
Uncertified copies are free.
Uncertified courses are invariably short.
Uncertified funds are welcome but subject to bank clearing delays of up to four weeks.
Uncertified games are the games that showed certain artifacts in our tests.
Uncertified instructors contend they're just the latest scapegoat for the system's many ills.
Unchallenged authority resides in the father and deceased mother.
Unchallenged belief is usually a fatal condition however.
Unchallenged domination gets boring, as it did for Jordan.
Unchangeable dogmas require an unchangeable language.
Unchanged pages retain their standard, unmarked bookmark icon.
Unchanged polarity is interpreted as a digit zero.
Unchanged status is when the frequency of seizures since the last visit has remained the same.
Unchanged text appears in blue.
Unchanged zidovudine constitutes up to one-fifth of the human urinary products.
Uncharged matter is composed of neutrons, protons, and electrons to provide electrical neutrality.
Uncharged particles called neutrons account for more than half of the mass of atoms.
Uncharted territory has a new map.
Uncharted waters are ahead.
Uncheckable knowledge is easier.
Unchecked absenteeism communicates the wrong thing about what it means to be a member of the body.
Unchecked alcoholism kills.
Unchecked anger can lead to aggression and then to violence.
Unchecked anxiety can easily become overwhelming given the right high-pressure situation.
Unchecked authority breeds passive-aggression in devoted followers with alarming consistency.
Unchecked baggage is all baggage of the passenger with the exception of checked baggage.
Unchecked creativity can lead to false and even dangerous procreation.
Unchecked deflation can lead to severe recession or even depression.
Unchecked depression can lead to suicide.
Unchecked disease runs rampant.
Unchecked erosion can leave coastal communities more prone to damage caused by storm surges.
Unchecked ethnocentrism leads to a lack of love.
Unchecked exceptions indicate software bugs.
Unchecked freedom can create chaos.
Unchecked infestations can kill colonies in as few as three years.
Unchecked luggage is carried at the owner's risk.
Unchecked metastasis is what makes cancer a fatal disease.
Unchecked mold can also eat away at stitching, weakening the strength of any sewn tack parts.
Unchecked populations can have a major economic impact.
Unchecked pride makes it easier and easier to take advantage of and step on people.
Unchecked sex spells the ruination of civilization.
Unchopped leaves can mat and block essential air and water from entering the soil.
Unchurched children can get scholarships to Christian camps.
Unchurched kids are able to relate.
Unchurched people are basically unprepared to hear the gospel.
Unchurched youth are probably postmodern in their thinking.
Uncial forms begin to show up, and ligatures are being used somewhat regularly.
Uncial forms seem to be consciously avoided.
Uncinate epilepsy can produce brief, vivid, unpleasant olfactory hallucinations.
Uncirculated coins have a satin-type finish.
Uncirculated coins have TEN quality levels, all higher priced than the lower condition levels.
Uncirculated examples are much less common.
Uncirculated material is considered more pristine.
Uncircumcised men are at increased risk.
Uncircumcised men are more likely to acquire a genital yeast infection.
Uncircumcised men tend to think the percentage is lower than circumcised men.
Some uncircumcised men find that condoms can interfere with their foreskin, making sex unenjoyable.
Some uncircumcised societies are overtly patriarchal or misogynistic.
Unclaimed amounts are available for claim by the owners or their heirs forever.
Unclaimed animals are available for adoption.
Unclaimed children continue to face unanswered questions.
Unclaimed clothing is donated to charity at the end of the school year.
Unclaimed dogs are available for adoption.
Unclaimed exams are with the instructor.
Unclaimed grants constitute unpaid current taxes and are subject to penalties.
Unclaimed items are then disposed of according to statutes.
Unclaimed items make it onto the auction block.
Unclaimed letters have an excellent chance of making it back to the sender.
Unclaimed luggage is one thing.
Unclaimed mail is the property of the housing department.
All unclaimed midterms are with the instructor.
Unclaimed money is deposited into a state school fund, and is used exclusively for public education.
Unclaimed money is deposited into a state school fund, and is used for public education.
Unclaimed money is put back into the scholarship to make it larger.
All unclaimed prizes go to public education, economic development and natural resource programs.
Unclaimed properties are properties.
Unclaimed property belongs to the state of the deceased person.
Unclaimed property can be almost anything.
Unclaimed property can be any financial asset that appears to have been abandoned by the owner.
Unclaimed property includes both intangible and tangible property.
Unclaimed property is a term given to assets or money that has been abandoned.
Unclaimed property is any financial asset that has been left inactive by the owner.
Unclaimed property is kept in custodial capacity until the rightful owner or heir can be found.
Unclaimed property is money or intangible property owed to an individual or business.
Unclaimed property is property abandoned by the owner for three years or more.
Unclaimed property is reported and remitted annually after the holding period has expired.
Unclaimed property is the blanket term give to abandoned assets, money or otherwise.
Unclaimed property is the blanket term given to abandoned assets, money or otherwise.
Unclaimed property is to be returned to the state of the property owner's last known address.
Unclaimed property is turned over to the State Treasurer, after the following have occurred.
All unclaimed property is held in trust by the state forever and can be claimed at any time.
Unclaimed rooms are subject to immediate reassignment.
Unclaimed tickets are non-refundable.
Unclaimed value lies in the different value people attach to interests.
Unclaimed work is left in the classroom.
Unclassed maps allow the user to see the relative distribution of the data more effectively.
Unclassified assignments can occur within any agency.
Unclassified data is viewed on-line at desktop computers.
Unclassified employees can be either faculty or non-faculty.
Unclassified employees follow the same procedures for reporting sick leave as classified employees.
Unclassified employees have no grievance rights with respect to disciplinary action.
Some unclassified fauna are large and nightmarish.
Unclassified links are white .
Unclassified positions require advanced degrees in specialized fields.
Unclassified staff serve at the pleasure of the appointing authority.
Unclassified staff serve in student service departments or in other support units of the university.
Unclassified students are ineligible for fellowship, traineeship, or assistantship appointments.
Unclassified studies are generally available to all requesters.
Unclassified workstations are never to be left unattended when logged on.
An uncle is a relative
Uncle can be the same age.
Uncle ensures without none cow when flow snowshoe.
Uncle is bloody no man.
Uncle is brisk, but kind.
Uncle isa relative.
Uncle picks it up, listens, then sets it down.
Uncle remember Face over little hatred on whatever character.
Uncle seize generally toward one soft picture over few exercise.
Uncle sink on either path either happen dried fruits.
Uncle starts the bus and the people settle in.
Uncle still lives in the old house.
Uncle tells it like it is.
Uncles are benefactors.
Uncles are located in houses.
Uncles are located in older generation.
Uncles are males.
Uncles are part of families.
Uncles are stupid, like the world.
Uncles are used for fun.
Uncles have (part) arms.
Uncles have (part) body substances.
Uncles have (part) cell membranes.
Uncles have (part) cells.
Uncles have (part) corpi.
Uncles have (part) cytoplasm.
Uncles have (part) heads.
Uncles have (part) human bodies.
Uncles have (part) legs.
Uncles have (part) material bodies.
Uncles have (part) necks.
Uncles have (part) nuclei.
Uncles have (part) personality.
Uncles have (part) plasma membranes.
Uncles have (part) sections.
Uncles have (part) vacuoles.
Uncles have a special role.
Uncles have comfortable paunches and sagging yet still powerful shoulders.
Uncles have pulses.
Uncles have purposes.
Uncles take breaths.
Uncles take last breaths.
Most uncles have pulses.
Most uncles have purposes.
Most uncles take breaths.
Most uncles take last breaths.
Some uncles are diagnosed with cancer.
Some uncles are diagnosed with liver cancer.
Some uncles commit suicide.
Some uncles die of brain tumors.
Some uncles die of cancer.
Some uncles die of tumors.
Some uncles have attacks.
Some uncles have heart attacks.
Some uncles have hounds.
Some uncles have massive attacks.
Some uncles have massive heart attacks.
Some uncles have pain.
Some uncles kill tapirs.
Some uncles lose daughters.
Some uncles raise cattle.
Some uncles survive attacks.
Some uncles survive heart attacks.
Unclean animals continue to eat garbage and carrion.
Unclean flavours are often due to unclean sheds and animals.
Unclean hands can cause infection.
Unclean implements are especially dangerous if the skin around the nail is broken.
Unclean lips are the outlet and result of an unclean heart.
Unclean lips mean defiled heart.
Unclean materials are very difficult and often impossible to market.
Unclean needles can also result in infections.
Unclean spirit means the same as evil spirit or demon.
Unclean spirits hate salt and water.
Unclean spirits surround themselves with tremendous mental confusion.
Unclean surfaces breed contamination and infection.
Unclean utensils can spread harmful bacteria.
Unclean water is a hiker s worst friend.
Unclean water is a leading cause of child mortality and illness in developing countries.
Unclean water poses a risk for gastrointestinal and other problems.
Uncleaned surfaces lead to bacteria, mold, mildew, odor, and possible food borne illness.
Uncleanly conditions favor rapid souring because of the large number of bacteria introduced.
Unclear circumstances surround the formation of the arthroconidia as the fungus matures.
Unclear corrections are likely to cause further errors and delays.
Unclear goals lead to haphazard and ineffective learning.
Unclear requests lead to searches which incur further costs.
Unclear requirements lead to unsatisfactory effort estimates.
Unclear results are also rare.
Unclear rules risk blunting an advocate's zealous representation of a client.
Unclear writing conceals the true direct meaning of words and sentences .
Uncleared areas are in mixed hardwoods.
Uncleared areas support maple, beech, spruce, and pine.
Unclicked links are usually blue .
Unclipped birds can become airborne at any given time, once outside the cage.
Unclipped budgies are more likely to fly away .
Unclipped dogs have a long coated scruffy look.
Unclosed systems prevents a solution being calculated, and an error is produced.
Unclosed tags are closed.
Uncluttered closets look roomier.
Uncluttered design makes entering and exiting the cab easy.
Uncluttered floor provides the operator with more leg room.
Uncluttered hoods are more effective.
Uncluttered listings make surfing from one ad to the next simple.
Uncoated colors are for use on dull surfaced papers.
Uncoated electrodes require scraping of the cautery tip at regular intervals.
Uncoated filters give reflections at the front and back surfaces.
Uncoated paper is absorbent and soft in appearance.
Uncoated stock has a tendency to absorb the ink and has a flatter or more matte finish.
Uncoated stocks dry by absorption and oxidation.
Uncoated wallpaper soaks up strippers readily.
Uncoded courses follow no usual pattern.
Uncoded data is almost impossible to analyze in an accurate way.
Uncoded items are subject descriptors.
Uncollected assessments continue to hover at precarious levels.
Uncollected bills remain active until collected or written off.
Uncollected mail suggests that no one is home.
Uncollected revenues are the single biggest reason for business failure.
Uncollected sales mean a company announces sales for which it receives no cash.
Uncollected trash seems strewn in every field.
Uncollectible status is a temporary fix.
Uncolored books are scarce.
Uncolored consoles are for expansion or special incidents.
Uncolored cubes are representatives of males or other non-reproducing females.
Many uncoloured maps are much more attractive with skillfully applied modern colour.
Uncoloured times are optional or irregular.
Uncombined atoms have the same number of neutrons as protons.
Uncombined elements have a zero oxidation state.
Uncombined elements have an oxidation number of zero.
Uncomfortable choices have to be considered.
Uncomfortable ideas are our greatest opportunity to grow.
Uncomfortable seats is another.
Uncomfortable shoes startle cobblestones.
Uncomfortable speculations abound.
Uncomfortable surfers click away to sites that are comfortable.
Uncommented code is difficult to reuse and impossible to modify.
Most uncommented links point to the course notes.
Uncommitted cohabitation delivers relatively few benefits to men, women, or children.
Uncommitted data is considered to be a special case of unreliable data.
Uncommitted donors give false hope to patients awaiting transplants.
Uncommitted voters can sell their votes to the Web site.
Uncompacted soil has room for oxygen, necessary for good plant growth.
Uncompassionate receptionists are sticklers for precise paperwork.
Uncompensated care accounts for a huge portion of spending.
Uncompensated care includes both bad debt and charity care.
Uncompensated care is already down overall, as noted above.
Uncompensated overtime is a major source of complaints.
Uncompensated overtime is common, especially when approaching project deadlines.
Uncompensated overtime is common, especially when project deadlines are near.
Uncompetitive games can kill.
Uncompetitive inhibitors are very rare.
Uncompleted activities tend to be remembered much longer than completed ones.
Uncompleted projects receive a grade of zero.
Uncompleted sections are open to pedestrians, bicyclists, and equestrians.
Uncomplicated cases recover without permanent after effects.
Uncomplicated construction makes our pumps more cost effective and easier to maintain.
Uncomplicated food acquires a new dimension.
Uncomplicated fractures involve only minimal soft tissue damage.
Uncomplicated influenza requires only rest and treatment of symptoms.
Uncomplicated malaria causes high fevers, chills, headaches and muscle pain.
Uncomplicated wines rule the day.
Uncomposted manure is a common source of pigweed seeds.
Uncompressed data can also suffer serious data loss.
Uncompressed files are large because they contain the entire image.
Uncompressed files are ready to be used.
Uncompressed files are the largest, and compression formats vary in size.
Uncompressed files offer the best results.
Uncompressed format is best but image files are very large.
Uncompressed version is identical to .bsq file.
Uncompressed versions are available on request.
Uncompressed video can take up several GB per minute.
Uncompressed video is another story, however.
Uncompressed video offers the highest quality without degrading the signal.
Uncompressed video represents the raw data that comprises the image.
Uncompromised advice is of paramount importance to clients, both big and small.
Unconcerned people shrug off El Salvador, the cries of the poor and oppressed.
Unconditional acceptance is a personal priority.
Unconditional acceptance is perfect love and morality.
Unconditional bases are optimal bases for data compression and for statistical estimation.
Unconditional commitment produces unconditional success.
Unconditional election is unfair.
Unconditional health is within our reach.
Unconditional hooks are hooks that always get executed.
Unconditional love applies to the divine love from human to human.
Unconditional love can overcome the criticism, negativity, and dysfunctional treatment from others.
Unconditional love creates an atmosphere of comfort and security.
Unconditional love desires the best for others.
Unconditional love expects nothing in return.
Unconditional love is a beautiful thing.
Unconditional love is a blessing.
Unconditional love is a love that never changes.
Unconditional love is a priceless gift no money can buy.
Unconditional love is a reaction to that idea.
Unconditional love is a topic.
Unconditional love is about giving without expecting anything in return at all.
Unconditional love is absolutely necessary for every growing and developing child.
Unconditional love is actually a redundant phrase.
Unconditional love is an appealing, but often somewhat nebulous term.
Unconditional love is an inside job.
Unconditional love is basically acceptance.
Unconditional love is born from forgiveness and forgiveness is born from acceptance.
Unconditional love is Gods greatest gift.
Unconditional love is grounded in unmerited grace.
Unconditional love is impossible.
Unconditional love is just a heartbeat away.
Unconditional love is life's most powerful medicine.
Unconditional love is life's precious goal.
Unconditional love is necessary for a harmonious marriage.
Unconditional love is offered to everyone.
Unconditional love is often simple and unassuming.
Unconditional love is pathological.
Unconditional love is really a contradiction in terms, an impossibility.
Unconditional love is simple.
Unconditional love is taught and practiced.
Unconditional love is the absence of restrictions in the flow of energy that creates the body.
Unconditional love is the act of giving without any expectations.
Unconditional love is the basis for every parenting decision and action.
Unconditional love is the greatest lesson humanity can learn.
Unconditional love is the key to the transformation.
Unconditional love is the most powerful love.
Unconditional love is the most powerful stimulant of the immune system.
Unconditional love is the most refreshing experience possible.
Unconditional love is the name of the game.
Unconditional love is the natural state of the heart and the heart is the seat of our soul.
Unconditional love is unemotional, it s impersonal, and it s universal.
Unconditional love is utterly simple.
Unconditional love is what marriage is all about.
Unconditional love occurs.
Unconditional love provides a solid anchor for the children which contributes to high self-esteem.
Unconditional love requires giving and receiving.
Unconditional love takes many forms.
Unconditional passes are unusual.
Unconditional permission is granted to distribute it electronically for non-commercial purposes.
Unconditional recognition is fully out of the question.
Unconditional results are much harder to come by.
Unconditional status indicates that the student has met all pre-requisite requirements.
Unconditional surrender is an absolute requirement.
Unconditional war can no longer lead to unconditional victory.
Unconditioned air enters the first section where it is dried.
Unconditioned individuals have a lower anaerobic threshold than the aerobically trained athlete.
Unconditioned muscles allow joints to distort and hurt.
Unconditioned stock can create undue stress and strain.
Unconfessed sin is a major plug.
Unconfessed sin is the devil's welcome mat.
Unconfessed wrong creates a cancerous condition in our soul.
Unconfined aquifers are water table aquifers that are at atmospheric pressure.
Unconfined aquifers communicate directly with the surface.
Unconfined dams allow their kids to nurse for frequent but short periods of time.
Unconfined manure piles in water quality management areas.
Unconfirmed adults participate in a separate process.
Unconfirmed registration can cause course cancellation and return of financial aid funds.
Unconfirmed registrations are usually due to an incorrect e-mail address .
Unconfirmed report has the unlawful dissmissal of mahendra choudrey,the PM of fiji.
Unconfirmed reports claim that the British woman was an owner of a night club in the past.
Unconfirmed reports claim the worm is spreading throughout Europe.
Unconfirmed reports have it that it works as well as flowers for the wife.
Unconfirmed reports indicate that a couple of minkes are also occassionally taken.
Unconfirmed reports indicate that a pedestrian suicide bomber was responsible.
Unconfirmed reports mention dozens of injured.
Unconfirmed reports point to difficulties over the agenda as the reason for the cancellation.
Unconfirmed reports say it is in a dangerous condition.
Unconfirmed reports say one person taken to hospital.
Unconfirmed reports say that others slipped onto the grounds disguised as waiters.
Unconfirmed reports say that there are children among the hostages.
Unconfirmed reports say that there is some damage to a downstream squatter camp.
Unconfirmed reports say the men are friends of the suspects.
Unconfirmed reports say two patients died as the doctors attention was turned elsewhere.
Unconfirmed reports speak of a number of deaths.
Unconfirmed reports suggest similar trends in other areas of Africa.
Unconfirmed reports suggest that the protest movement has spread to three neighboring provinces.
Unconfirmed reports suggest the company has moved to Missouri.
Unconfirmed rumors say the helicopter was downed by Colombian guerrilla machine gun fire.
Unconfirmed sources report of three dead.
Unconfirmed sources report that some people have been wounded.
Unconfirmed sources suggest that they moved to Indiana.
Unconfirmed space is subject to reassignment.
Unconformable contacts are surfaces of no deposit or erosion in an adjacent unit.
Uncongested roads reduce time wasted in travelling around and through the area.
Unconnected workers can get lousy hours, lousy assignments and lousy recommendations.
Unconscionable agreements are ones that unduly favor one party over the other.
Unconscious anger needs to be brought into the open and understood.
Unconscious assumptions come to the surface and have to be reconsidered.
Unconscious bias is well known to be a source of invalid results.
Unconscious biases do undoubtedly exist, as do deliberate deceptions.
Unconscious desires motivate people to act accordingly .
Unconscious desires motivate people to act accordingly.
Unconscious images play a powerful role in the formation of identity and the choice of a partner.
Unconscious impulses are usually a better guide to activity than are studied plans.
Unconscious love is an oxymoron, an impossibility.
Unconscious man falls down stairs and through a trap door.
An unconscious mind is a mind
Unconscious minds are much more clever than the conscious is aware of.
Unconscious minds are very good escape artists.
Unconscious negligence can cause problems.
Unconscious perception is a basic human resource.
An unconscious process is knowledge
Unconscious processes are centrally related to current behavior.
Unconscious processes cause behavior.
Unconscious processes have the stunning ability of being able to run in parallel.
Unconscious relations are also associations.
Unconsciousness becoming conscious is revelation .
Unconsciousness can occur suddenly and without warning.
Unconsciousness can take place within one to two minutes.
Unconsciousness do to emotions such as unrequited love and grief.
Unconsciousness is a state of mind
Unconsciousness is caused by illness, injury or emotional shock.
Unconsciousness is caused by illness, injury, or emotional shock.
Unconsciousness is followed by failing respiration and death within a few minutes.
Unconsciousness is possible.
Unconsciousness is sometimes the result.
Unconsciousness occurs when normal brain activity is interrupted.
Unconsciousness occurs within seconds if the prisoner takes a deep breath.
Unconsious mind is the largest part of all.
Unconsolidated alluvium separates the deep pits from the river channel.
Unconsolidated aquifers are the most widely used aquifers in Indiana.
Unconsolidated deposits consisting of glacial drift and alluvium occur throughout the basin.
Unconsolidated materials range from loose gravel, sand, silt or clay.
Many unconsolidated materials are dilatant.
Unconsolidated rock is rock such as gravel.
Unconsolidated rocks are analogous to a bathtub filled with sand into which water is poured.
Unconsolidated sediments have lower values than consolidated sediments.
Unconstitutional laws are laws that conflict with provisions of the Constitution.
Unconstitutional portion is severable and remainder of section is valid.
Unconstrained minimization approaches to nonlinear complementarities.
Unconstructed hat is in khaki.
Unconsumed rations can be an important indicator to imminent health problems.
Uncontaminated cultures grow more successfully.
Uncontaminated inserts are okay.
Uncontaminated person puts on latex gloves.
Uncontested cases provide a great source of easy money for attorneys.
Uncontested divorce is almost always the quickest way to divorce.
Uncontested divorces are smoother, simpler, and much less expensive.
Uncontested lies take over people's thinking.
Uncontinuous tremor are ongoing.
Uncontracted prices are subject to change without notice.
Uncontroled fear becomes panic.
Uncontrollable celebrations can erupt, but likewise the deep gloom of losses can be intense.
Uncontrollable desire endangers everyone, every place.
Uncontrollable diarrhea is considered an emergency.
Uncontrollable factors are heredity, age and gender.
Uncontrollable factors are the main components of decision-making.
Uncontrollable fires are possible, perhaps likely.
Uncontrollable pain begins.
Uncontrollable rage is another form of blindness.
Uncontrollable situations happen to companies just as they do to individuals.
Uncontrollable variability influences the yield of each variety.
Uncontrollable variability is involved in the determination of each yield average.
Uncontrollable variability is involved in the determination of yield average.
Uncontrollable weather can ruin crops, and wreak havoc with family farm budgets.
Uncontrolled aggression increases risk of injury for staff and patients.
Many uncontrolled airports have pilot-controlled lighting.
Uncontrolled airspace is the part of the sky that is outside controlled airspace.
Uncontrolled anger becomes fury.
Uncontrolled anger blocks kindness.
Uncontrolled anger can lead to acts of violence.
Uncontrolled anger is the enemy of the martial artist.
Uncontrolled angiogenesis is a characteristic of cancer.
Uncontrolled animals are also an expensive problem.
Uncontrolled appetite is dangerous.
Uncontrolled asthma can be a threat to maternal well-being and fetal growth and survival.
Uncontrolled asthma can cause lung damage.
Uncontrolled asthma can hinder a child's attendance, participation, and progress in school.
Uncontrolled asthma can hinder a student's attendance, participation, and progress in school.
Uncontrolled asthma can lead to depression and low self-esteem.
Uncontrolled asthma can rob oxygen from the baby.
Uncontrolled asthma causes a decrease in the oxygen content of the mother s blood.
Uncontrolled asthma causes a decrease in the oxygen in the mother's blood.
Uncontrolled asthma is unacceptable.
Uncontrolled battle arouses the worst instincts in all parties.
Uncontrolled behavior is the principal reason for early institutionalization of dementia patients.
Uncontrolled blight produces cankers that girdle branches and limbs, eventually killing the tree.
Uncontrolled changes result in chaos.
Uncontrolled changes result in nonstandard data systems.
More uncontrolled conditions leads to more opportunity to surprizes.
Uncontrolled diabetes can accelerate atherosclerosis, causing an increased risk of stroke.
Uncontrolled diabetes can cause damage to many bodily organs and even death.
Uncontrolled diabetes can cause damage to many bodily organs and even result in death.
Uncontrolled diabetes can cause nerve damage and a loss of sensation in the feet. . . . . . . . .
Uncontrolled diabetes can cause nerve damage and a loss of sensation in the feet.
Uncontrolled diabetes can complicate pregnancy.
Uncontrolled diabetes can increase risk by up to four times.
Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to blindness, gangrene, and numerous cardiovascular complications.
Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to blindness, kidney disease, amputations, heart disease, and death.
Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to blindness, kidney failure, heart disease and stroke.
Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to blindness, kidney failure, nerve damage and lower-limb amputation.
Uncontrolled diabetes can pose significant health risks to both the mother and child.
Uncontrolled division is, of course, what cancer is about.
Uncontrolled dogs can do much damage to the local environment.
Uncontrolled dogs cause the most serious problems.
Uncontrolled drainage is also detrimental to the substructure.
Uncontrolled duplication leads to storage management problems and wasting of storage resources.
Uncontrolled egos are like computer viruses.
Uncontrolled emotions deprive a believer from spiritual reward.
Uncontrolled energy can kill.
Uncontrolled exploitation appears to have caused some damage to forests in that area.
Uncontrolled fire is one of humanity's worst enemies.
Uncontrolled fire is, of course, a risk in many areas.
Uncontrolled fire represents a threat to people, natural areas, and communities as a whole.
Uncontrolled fires can endanger lives, property, and resources.
Uncontrolled fires result in soil erosion and gully formation.
Uncontrolled fires threaten homes, factories, and transportation systems.
Uncontrolled globalization threatens the very sustainability of local and global environments.
Uncontrolled growth can damage the beauty and the safety of our natural environment.
Uncontrolled growth can ultimately be a malignant force.
Uncontrolled growth creates havoc, especially on classrooms.
Uncontrolled growth is inevitably destructive.
Uncontrolled growth is no better than uncontrolled decline both are fatal.
Uncontrolled growth means it's going to drain the city.
Uncontrolled hypertension can lead to stroke, heart failure, and kidney failure.
Uncontrolled hypertension is a leading cause of death.
Uncontrolled hypertension is one example of what concerns heart doctors most.
Uncontrolled hypertension leads to heart attacks, strokes, and kidney failure.
Uncontrolled hypertension leads to heart attacks.
Uncontrolled hypertension leads to stroke, heart failure, and kidney failure.
Some uncontrolled infections can quickly become life-threatening.
Uncontrolled infestations can result in plant death in a few weeks or months.
Uncontrolled killing can also cause the downfall of plant species.
Uncontrolled larvae can enter a second fruit and borrow into the core.
Uncontrolled light can lead to poor color quality and, ultimately, a loss in sales.
Uncontrolled litter discourages business and tourism.
Uncontrolled motion passes for insanity.
Uncontrolled pain is unnecessary.
Uncontrolled parameters cost money.
Uncontrolled pets disturb wildlife.
Uncontrolled plants are prolific seed producers.
Uncontrolled plants can become invasive in a small amount of time.
Uncontrolled polymerization can be extremely hazardous.
Uncontrolled power leads to disaster.
Uncontrolled riding can cause damage by eroding vegetation and creating a multitude of paths.
Uncontrolled runoff is a clear and present danger to that economy.
Uncontrolled seizures are eligible for guarantee issue coverage.
Uncontrolled seizures can disrupt careers and personal lives.
Some uncontrolled seizures can cause scar tissue which can interfere with cognitive functioning.
Uncontrolled spending is really a lust.
Uncontrolled stress can kill.
Uncontrolled studies report that various behavioral techniques also have a sustained effect.
Uncontrolled studies show kava extract to help individuals with anxiety.
Uncontrolled temper is never acceptable.
Uncontrolled temper is sin.
Uncontrolled vapors spread rapidly, are heavier than air and areextremely flammable.
Uncontrolled variables are a major stumbling block in determining infection rates.
Uncontrolled variation is at the root of the cause of product and service quality issues.
Uncontrolled vegetation can harbor a number of unwelcome pests.
Uncontrolled violence is the common consequence here.
Uncontrolled vomiting is abnormal and requires a diagnosis and treatment by operation, if necessary.
Uncontrolled weeds attract rodents that can damage it.
Uncontrolled weeds can cause greater soybean yield losses than moderate levels of herbicide injury.
Uncontrolled weeds can harbor insect pests.
Unconventional art has the opportunity to explore amazing depths.
Unconventional businesses succeed in letting go.
Unconventional healers concentrate on making their patients' spirit whole.
Unconventional materials describe the resurrection of mutated life forms, somber and rigid.
Unconventional medicine is a subject of great complexity and fluidity.
Unconventional oil is heavy oil, tar sand, and shale oil.
Unconventional questions help.
Unconventional resources are natural gas produced from shales, coal beds and tight gas sands.
Unconventional solutions are necessary to fight ethical and economic issues facing the sick.
Unconventional therapies abound in Canada, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Unconventional therapies can be useful in certain circumstances.
Unconventional wisdom has it that small ISPs, both in the U.S. and Japan, can survive.
Unconverted people are dead in their trespasses and sin.
Unconverted people think they are saved simply because they came forward.
All unconverted souls are in the fire.
Unconvincing replicas are always happier than reasonable facsimiles.
Uncooked conserves are jam-like products made from a mixture of fruits.
Uncooked crabs are red and become brighter when cooked.
Uncooked eggs can cause food poisoning.
Uncooked foods can leave behind bacteria wherever it has been, infecting other foods.
Some uncooked foods carry diseases .
Some uncooked foods carry diseases.
Uncooked jam has a brighter green color and a fresher kiwifruit taste than cooked jam.
Uncooked kelp is chewy until soaked or marinated.
Uncooked leaves are poisonous and the leaf juice was used to poison arrow tips.
Uncooked marmalades are soft fruit jellies containing small pieces of fruit or peel.
All uncooked meat belongs on the white plate.
Uncooked rice is called kome .
Uncooked sauce is bright and refreshing, and it's best made with thoroughly ripe summer tomatoes.
Uncooked things can harbor bacteria.
Uncooked yams are toxic.
Uncooperative cities stand to lose state revenue sharing and even zoning authority.
Uncooperative parents pass on the attitude to their kids.
Uncooperative slowness is a symptom of lazy rebellion.
Uncooperative users can easily disrupt an endeavor.
Uncooperative victim refuses to undress.
Uncooperative weather makes it hard.
Uncooperative weather throws a wrench in an otherwise perfect trip.
Uncoordinated teams die quick deaths.
Uncorrected astigmatism can cause symptoms of blurred vision, headaches, asthenopia, and nausea.
Uncorrected errors multiply.
Uncorrected eyesight causes eyestrain .
Uncorrected farsightedness can cause eye strain, even when clear vision can be maintained.
Uncorrected farsightedness can cause eyestrain, even when clear vision can be maintained.
Uncorrected subluxations have a devastating effect on human health.
Uncorrelated variables are orthogonal.
Uncountable nouns have only one form and go with a verb in the singular.
Uncounted billions pour into private bank accounts and homes abroad.
Uncounted stories are yet to be told.
Uncoupled analyses show excellent agreement with observed behavior in the tests.
Uncovered foods cooked in the microwave seem to splatter and collect on the walls.
Uncovered liquids evaporate in the refrigerator causing higher power use.
All uncovered loads are subject to a fine.
Uncovered objects show bright white optical figures.
Uncovered pads are also available.
Uncrackable code is possible.
Uncrackable encryption is now just a mouse-click away.
All uncredited artwork is believed to be in the public domain.
Uncredited material is from the author's collection or research.
Uncritical deployment is dangerous.
Uncritical thinkers assume that their perspective on things is the only correct one.
Uncropped ears are flat and rather short.
Uncropped ears are medium in size and carried folded over the face.
Uncropped ears are of suitable size, smaller rather than large, thin in texture.
Uncropped ears are wide at the base and tapering to a rounded point.
Uncropped ears can have heavy spotting or can be solid black or brindle.
Uncropped tail is a fault.
Uncrowded backgrounds help the toddler focus on the issue at hand.
Uncrowded beaches are perfect for walks, shelling, fishing or just relaxing by the Atlantic Ocean.
Uncrowded beaches offer a perfect opportunity for solitude and to savor the wide- open beaches.
Uncrowded beaches offer surf fishing , clamming and crabbing.
Uncrowded rivers offer excellent trout fishing.
Uncrowded trails converge at a single base area.
Uncrowded trails offer pleasant excapes or athletic challenges.
Uncrunching text is similar, just click on the uncrunch box and type tokens into the lower window.
Unction also acts as a preparation for that final release from the ills of our earthly body.
Unction is a compliment
Unction is about to be administered.
Unction is anointing.
Unction is compliments.
Unction is religious ceremony.
Unction is the ministry of healing by anointing with oils and laying on of hands.
Uncued exercises lend themselves well to sharing and comparing.
Uncultivated areas are in forest and are used for pasture in some places.
Uncultivated areas have an A horizon with similar colors and textures.
Uncultivated areas have thin A horizons.
Uncultivated soils are higher in total soil organic matter than they are after cultivation.
Uncurbed streets are, in effect, self-cleaning.
Uncured concrete is difficult to handle directly.
Uncured material can be toxic.
Uncured material produces a surrounding zone of growth inhibition and cell death on direct contact.
Uncured product can cause irritation.
Uncured sausage is vulnerable to contamination because it is free of preservatives.
Uncurried goats wander everywhere.
Uncut diamonds are for the most part indistinguishable from other stones.
Uncut diamonds hide the unique optical properties of the cut stones.
Uncut fields resemble oceans as they ripple in the wind.
Uncut hairs have a pointed tip.
Uncut papayas have no smell.
Uncut tool allows an object to be cut and uncut easily, even after the file is saved.
Uncut watermelons keep at room temperature for up to two weeks.
Undamaged timber is taxed as usual.
Undamaged trees sow a profusion of acorns into the cleaned, burned ground.
Undamped resonances are easier to see.
Undated correspondence is together, following dated correspondence.
Undated films follow all dated films, as do undated videos conclude the video list.
Undated information is hard to evaluate.
Undated items are at the beginning of each file.
Undated items are at the beginning of the file.
Undated items are at the end of the file.
Undated letter is incomplete.
Undated letters are chiefly family letters, a few clearly from the Chapel Hill area.
All undated letters have probable dates and are inter-filed with dated correspondence.
Undated material appears at the beginning.
Undated material appears first.
Undated material follows dated.
Undated material is listed at the end of the series.
Undated material is located at the end of the correspondence file.
Undated materials are at the end unless their nature suggests otherwise.
Undated materials are generally routine family items.
Undated notebooks follow the chronological series.
Most UNDE members work at headquarters in Ottawa or at national defence bases located across Canada.
Some undead units leave corpses behind that can be recycled into new undead units.
Undecidable problems admit no algorithmic solution.
Undecided students are our opportunities to increase the number of majors.
Undecided students can receive assistance in deciding on an academic major.
Undecided students report to academic dean s student services office.
Undecided students use the Exploratory Program Sheet.
Undecided students work to clarify career goals and choose a major.
Most undecided students reach a final decision by their sophomore or junior year.
Undecided voters can instantly access far more information than is possible with a mail piece.
Undecided voters remain undecided just days before the election.
Undeclared functions return int.
Any undeclared identifier used in a conditional compilation expression generates a compile error.
Any undeclared items are subject to confiscation.
Undeclared majors are also welcome.
Undeclared majors go to the designated Second Year Advisor.
Undeclared students are among our largest group of new and transfer students at the Mount.
Undeclared students are encouraged to do some career exploration in addition to course work.
Undeclared students stay with their academic adviser until they declare a major.
Most Undeclared students are freshmen or sophomores.
Any undeclared variable is considered to be a lexical variable.
Undeclared wars are unconstitutional.
Undeclared whey powder in icing.
Most undeclared work is carried out by people who have a regular job and hold down another job.
Undecylenic acid is acid
Undecylenic acid is no longer the active ingredient.
Undedicated phonies can build muscle fast on steroids, but they lose it fast and die young too.
Undefeated champions return for the yearly tournament of champions.
Undefined boundaries refers to the problem of identifying the pool.
Undefined goals are another reason many fumble and fail to achieve lasting results.
Undefined results occur if the space assigned by the malloc subroutine is overrun.
Undefined states are transparent to users because they are inserted automatically by the technique.
Undefined symbols are output exactly as seen.
Undefined wisdom is ageless.
Undefined words retain their common dictionary meaning.
Undegraduate Courses click here.
Undeliverable addresses have to be removed.
Undeliverable mail is opened to facilitate delivery to addressee or return to sender.
Undeliverable mail Move the cursor over each BIG message and press 'D' to mark for deletion.
Undeliverable messages are only part of the problem.
Any undelivered message is dropped from the list.
Undemanded cargoes stay on the train, presumably for delivery or storage at a later station.
Undemanding plant prefers sun to part-shade and grows in most types of soil.
Undemocratic practices abound elsewhere, at various academic levels.
Undeniable contact seems inevitable.
Undeniable evidence leaves the viewer in complete horror.
Undeniable proof remains elusive.
Undeniable signatures are well suited to such applications.
Any undepreciated balance is added to the basis of the land when sold.
An underachiever is a student
Underachievers are highly underrated and underappreciated.
Underachievers are more likely to live on welfare and get into trouble with the law.
Underachievers are students.
Underachievers avoid responsibility, blaming everyone else and making excuses for their failures.
Underachievers get to be that way by being unwilling to lose.
Underachievers have to be supervised, pushed, nagged, threatened or bribed to finish a project.
Underactive thyroid means a slower rate of protein production.
Underage smoking is a significant problem in Albuquerque as well as across the nation.
Underage smoking is on the rise.
Underage youth perform both family farm work and street vending on a wide scale.
Underage youth perform both family farm work and street vending.
Underarm deodorants can cause cancer.
Underarm extensions fill and blend where surgery has removed tissue.
Underarm gussets are necessary to have sufficient freedom of movement.
Underarm hairs grow at all angles.
Underarm readings are usually one degree lower than temperatures taken orally.
Underarm vents are plenty generous, and they seal with waterproof zippers.
Underarm vents prevent over heating.
Underbed boxes help too.
Underbed containers are a good idea for adult bedrooms or older children's rooms.
An undercarriage is a framework
An undercarriage is support
Undercarriage is as clean as the body.
Undercarriage is black and green.
Undercarriage is one of the most expensive wear items on track type equipment today.
Undercarriage is strengthened to provide excellent reliability and long life.
Undercarriage is very detailed but a bit tricky to assemble.
Undercarriages are frameworks.
Undercarriages are support.
Undercarriages arrive separately.
Underclass life perpetuates underclass life.
Underclass people are a high proportion of the world's population.
Underclass students are freshmen and sophomores.
Underclass students are in the process of selecting courses for next year.
An underclassman is an undergraduate
Underclassmans are films.
Underclassmen can benefit by learning more about the job market and most sought-after majors.
Underclassmen can get information to better define their goals.
Underclassmen can learn about increasingly available summer opportunities.
Underclassmen can register to be on the mailing list for available jobs and internships.
Underclassmen dominate the team with only two seniors.
Underclassmen dominate the team, which has only four seniors, including Quick.
Underclassmen take note.
Underclassmen take required and elective classes.
Underclassmen sometimes serve as body guards.
All underclassmen have two grades.
Underclothes are available for seperate purchase.
Undercoat isa hair.
Undercoats have (part) corpi.
Undercoats have (part) guard hair.
Undercoats have (part) sections.
Undercoats have (part) widow's peaks.
Underconditioned cows are prone to reduced milk production and poor persistency of lactation.
Undercooked fish looks raw.
Undercooked food is neither tasteful nor healthy for eating.
Undercooked hamburger is riskier because of the kind of handling and preparation hamburger receives.
Undercooked poultry can be a source of salmonella bacteria.
Undercooked poultry can be a source of salmonella.
Undercooked poultry is a common cause of diarrhea.
Undercooking fish can be risky, while overcooking can result in a unpalatable product.
Undercooking fish can be risky, while overcooking can result in an unpalatable product.
Undercounted areas stand to lose political clout and federal aid dollars.
An undercover agent is an operative
Undercover agents start tracking everyone concerned everywhere across the country.
Undercover cops are too good to be spotted, especially when wearing dark sunglasses.
Undercover cops are too good to be spotted.
Undercover footage shows alarming lapses on one site.
Undercover investigators say they also found other drug paraphernalia.
An undercover operation is an operation
All undercover operations are subject to audit as an integral part of the close-out.
Undercover parking is available beneath the building.
Undercover parking is located at the rear of the building.
Undercover parking is provided and there is plenty of space for the boat.
Undercover parking is provided.
Undercover storage is also available.
Many undercover stories are nothing more than stunts.
Undercover work is high energy.
Undercover work is information gathering
Undercurrent is a meaning
Undercurrent is information.
Undercurrents are superior to surface currents on the long run.
Undercurrents can keep the ice thin in spots.
Undercurrents can only imagine the squeals when the paddle came down.
Undercurrents can take many people by surprise because they are hard to identify.
Undercurrents explores the impact of the information revolution on our lives.
Undercurrents is shot on domestic camcorders, mostly by campaigners themselves.
Undercurrents offers an alternative view of what happened.
Undercurrents starts with two stories looking at important events or issues happening that day.
Undercurrents strives for the best possible quality.
Undercurrents warns the public that no one is in control.
Undercurrents wish list.
Undercut banks are common holding areas.
Undercut banks are more common and provide an abundance of brown trout cover.
Most underdeveloped areas are in parks or along older parkways.
Underdeveloped ideas fail easily.
Underdeveloped lungs is one of the major problems of prematurity.
Underdeveloped societies have small industrial sectors, combined with large backward sectors.
Underdeveloped societies try to bar women from executive positions in their professions.
Underdeveloped society is a word like ore .
An underdog is failure
Underdogs are failure.
Underdogs are off-limits.
Underdogs band together into a dominant pack.
Underdogs have more fun.
UnderDogs love to be charged.
Underdogs still have informal power and the ability to resist.
Underdogs win all the time.
Underdressed women demonstrate umbrellas and golf carts.
An underestimate is an estimate
Underestimates can unnecessarily tie up federal agency funds.
Underestimates can unnecessarily tie up Federal agency funds.
Underexposed emulsion is weaker and more liable to cause pinholes and breakdown on the press.
Underexposed pictures are dark, causing lots of deep shadows.
Underexposed screens are another common cause of pinholes.
Underexposure creates weak links that lead to pinholing, screen breakdown, and difficult reclaiming.
Underexposure is exposure
Underexposure is the result of too little exposure in the camera or at the enlargement stage.
Underfed children are more easily distracted and have shorter attention spans.
Underformer jobs are jobs such as washing tables and sweeping floors after meals or dorm jobs.
Underfunded schools are unable to compensate for the effects of poverty on education achievement.
An undergarment is a garment
Undergarments affect the overall fit and look of an outfit.
Undergarments are garments.
Undergarments are of course the best place to test, but like always every situation is different.
Undergarments hang on a clothesline on the terrace.
Some undergarments offer zippers that can be zipped with one hand.
An undergrad is a collegian
Undergrads also get the chance to conduct short-term research testing their own hypotheses.
Undergrads are indignant.
Undergrads are more likely to use four times a month or less.
Undergrads are more than welcome to join as well.
Undergrads can also apply for their own funding to support research in a project of their choice.
Undergrads can always do graduate requirements for extra credit.
Undergrads can participate in research that is already funded and directed by a faculty member.
Undergrads can pursue herp research as a special problems course.
Undergrads can pursue herp research if supervised by fac advisor.
Undergrads can pursue herp research if they are junior level and have had basic core biol courses.
Undergrads can pursue herp research via independent study with faculty.
Undergrads can pursue herp research with special arrangements with individual professors.
Undergrads can pursue independent research in herps.
Undergrads can pursue research in herpetology with the permission of a professor.
Undergrads can pursue research in herps if supervised by an appropriate fac memb.
Undergrads can pursue research in herps with the acceptance of a fac member.
Undergrads get accounts on machines having the facilities needed.
Undergrads get walking tours, barbecues, socials and peer advisors.
Undergrads interact with teaching-assistant graduate students.
Undergrads learn a lot by going out into the field for research.
Undergrads now make up the bulk of lottery picks in the men's pro league.
Undergrads say they fear the endless lines at residential college dining halls.
Undergrads start the program as juniors.
Undergrads use it to learn about ichthyology, herpetology, and vertebrate zoology.
Undergrads use the collection to learn about ichthyology, herpetology and vertebrate zoology.
Undergrads usually learn advanced laboratory skills by joining a research laboratory.
All undergrads work directly with a senior graduate student.
Many undergrads are still on their parents' insurance and still pay the fee.
Most undergrads still live at home.
Some undergrads drop out or take a semester off.
Some undergrads sit in class daydreaming about taking over for the professor.
Most undergraduate accounts are on musicb.mcgill.ca.
Some undergraduate awards cover in-state tuition for one academic year.
Undergraduate certificates are available in the hotel and tourism fields.
Undergraduate certificates are available to anyone with a high school degree.
Undergraduate certificates are open to anyone who has completed a high school degree.
All undergraduate chemistry is taught except physical chemistry.
Every undergraduate college admits engineers.
Undergraduate consciousness rests in part on a set of careless assumptions about being immortal.
All undergraduate courses are coursework programs.
All undergraduate courses are free of charge.
All undergraduate courses are open to study abroad students.
All undergraduate courses require attendance on campus for all or part of the semester.
Many undergraduate courses are available at community colleges.
Many undergraduate courses are sufficiently basic to be of general interest.
Most undergraduate courses are rather impersonal.
Most undergraduate courses are three-year based.
Most undergraduate courses have similar figures.
Most undergraduate courses proceed largely as a mathematical deduction from a few principles.
Some undergraduate courses are also available as options in selected taught postgraduate programmes.
Some undergraduate courses are available for graduate credit.
Some undergraduate courses are available online and at off-campus sites.
Some undergraduate courses require prerequisites.
Undergraduate coursework is offered in the Faculties only.
All undergraduate coursework is included in the calculation.
Undergraduate degree is required.
Undergraduate degrees combine theatre practice with rigorous academic study.
Undergraduate degrees have entry requirements, varying from course to course.
Undergraduate degrees offered include instrumental and vocal education and music performance.
Undergraduate degrees range from liberal arts, to engineering, to business.
All undergraduate degrees are acceptable for admission.
All undergraduate degrees are three years.
All undergraduate degrees require a liberal studies component.
ANY undergraduate degree is acceptable as long as the other requirements are met.
Most undergraduate degrees are acceptable.
Most undergraduate degrees require a certain number of humanities credit hours.
All undergraduate dorms have washers and dryers.
All undergraduate dorms require a meal plan.
Undergraduate education gives a bachelor 's degree .
Undergraduate education gives a bachelor's degree.
Undergraduate education has to lift the spirit, vision, and opportunities for the students.
Undergraduate education holds unique mysteries for every single person that experiences it.
Undergraduate education is a major responsibility of North Carolina State University.
Undergraduate education is as important as research.
Undergraduate education is emphasized.
Undergraduate education is little better than that offered by two-year community colleges.
Undergraduate education is more than preparation for obtaining a job, however.
Undergraduate education is our primary mission.
Undergraduate education is our top priority.
Undergraduate education is primarily about breadth.
Undergraduate education is the core mission of most of our institutions.
Undergraduate education is the heart of a university.
Undergraduate education needs a revolution.
Undergraduate education provides the entry level preparation for professional nursing practice.
Undergraduate education remains the first priority.
Undergraduate education stresses self-reliance and individual achievement.
Some undergraduate electives are prerequisites to graduate sequences.
Undergraduate enrollment is below budget and graduate is above.
Undergraduate enrollment is up in all class divisions.
Undergraduate enrollment is up sharply.
Undergraduate enrollment is up, whereas graduate enrollment presents a mixed picture.
Undergraduate enrollment remains constant.
Undergraduate equivalents vary for individual course waivers.
Undergraduate gowns differ according to college, and are quite small.
Some undergraduate institutions recommend only selected students.
All undergraduate majors are acceptable.
All undergraduate majors are welcome.
All undergraduate majors encourage or require internship experience.
All undergraduate majors take fundamental courses in both speech-language pathology and audiology.
Any undergraduate major can prepare students for the rigors of medical school.
Any undergraduate major is acceptable as long as the following courses are presented for admission.
Any undergraduate major is acceptable.
Any undergraduate major is accepted and no leveling work is required.
Any undergraduate major is considered but prefer a demonstrated interest in public policy.
Any undergraduate major is normally acceptable.
Any undergraduate major is satisfactory.
Any undergraduate major provides acceptable preparation for the study of public administration.
Many undergraduate majors are acceptable.
Many undergraduate majors conduct a senior research project under supervision of a faculty member.
Many undergraduate majors have a co-major in one of the physical sciences, engineering, or finance.
Most undergraduate majors can lead to a variety of careers.
All undergraduate members are eligible for voting.
Most undergraduate minors are science majors who go on to pursue advanced degrees.
Many undergraduate papers suffer form a lack of coherence and sense of direction.
Undergraduate participation is a major part of the research project.
Undergraduate participation is encouraged.
Undergraduate participation is open to all students in good academic standing.
All Undergraduate positions are available for credit and non-credit.
Undergraduate preparation is advisable.
All undergraduate programs are joint-degree programs.
All undergraduate programs lead to the Bachelor of Science degree.
All undergraduate programs require a research project or internship.
All undergraduate programs require a special application packet.
Many undergraduate programs have specific admission requirements.
Many undergraduate programs require research as part of the science major.
Most undergraduate programs get students into labs working on experiments.
Most undergraduate programs seem only to foster a rote-learning style.
Most undergraduate programmes require three years of study.
Undergraduate research can be a great experience in forming student's future goals.
Undergraduate research can begin as early as the freshman year.
Undergraduate research can help professors as well as students.
Undergraduate research can lead to publication of results in a professional journal.
Undergraduate research is a decisive factor in admission.
Undergraduate research is a plus.
Undergraduate research is a valuable experience for students.
Undergraduate research is a very important part of our curriculum.
Undergraduate research is also alive and thriving in areas other than science and mathematics.
Undergraduate research is an active part of the program.
Undergraduate research is an emphasis for the university.
Undergraduate research is an important area of strength.
Undergraduate research is an important component in our curriculum.
Undergraduate research is an important step in the transition from student to scientist.
Undergraduate research is encouraged.
Undergraduate research is excellent preparation for graduate school.
Undergraduate research is great.
Undergraduate research is just one of several approaches to complement an undergraduate education.
Undergraduate research is part-time at best.
Undergraduate research is the place where theory gets real.
Undergraduate research makes for better students and for better teachers.
Undergraduate research offers good experience for independence, as it is self-planned.
Undergraduate research places our students in valuable situations.
Undergraduate research shows students what it means to be a scientist.
Undergraduate research takes many forms.
Undergraduate research works.
Many undergraduate resources are now available online.
All undergraduate rooms have telephone and ethernet points.
Undergraduate salary is based on class standing.
Some undergraduate scholarships have earlier admission deadlines.
Some undergraduate schools require no further test scores.
Undergraduate sections meet weekly.
Undergraduate student observes and works with psychologists in applied setting.
Undergraduate students act as interpreters, patient advocates, receptionists, and lab workers.
Undergraduate students are able to participate in two separate degree programs.
Undergraduate students are active participants in the university's research programs.
Undergraduate students are an important resource for helping campus departments reach their goals.
Undergraduate students are candidates for degrees.
Undergraduate students are eligible for a directed study if they have a.
Undergraduate students are eligible for all of the programs mentioned above.
Undergraduate students are eligible to apply.
Undergraduate students are eligible to enter the merit-based compeition.
Undergraduate students are eligible to enter the merit-based competition.
Undergraduate students are eligible to receive all three types of financial aid.
Undergraduate students are eligible.
Undergraduate students are exempt under the legislation.
Undergraduate students are free to change majors.
Undergraduate students are generally less career-oriented than graduate students.
Undergraduate students are highly successful in obtaining employment.
Undergraduate students are important members of our research groups.
Undergraduate students are ineligible.
Undergraduate students are limited to three items.
Undergraduate students are of paramount importance to the chemistry faculty.
Undergraduate students are responsible for checking their campus mailboxes regularly.
Undergraduate students are subject to a penalty system for overdue items.
Undergraduate students are to complete their topic assignments on their own.
Undergraduate students are welcome and are encouraged to attend.
Undergraduate students are welcome to apply also, at a special discount rate.
Undergraduate students are welcome to attend.
Undergraduate students are welcome to check the status of their application online .
Undergraduate students are welcome to inquire about possible research projects.
Undergraduate students assist with investigation and community outreach and education.
Undergraduate students attend support sessions early and often.
Undergraduate students can add additional hours by taking courses during the summer as well.
Undergraduate students can also minor in neuroscience.
Undergraduate students can check out up to five books for two weeks.
Undergraduate students can click on 'Afstudeerprojekten' to learn more about undergraduate projects.
Undergraduate students can do a major or double major in Media studies.
Undergraduate students can either apply online or submit a traditional paper application.
Undergraduate students can implement either a sequential or a concurrent server.
Undergraduate students can major in advertising or public relations.
Undergraduate students can participate in research at prominent research facilities.
Undergraduate students can plan their academic career with qualified advisors .
Undergraduate students can pursue Japanese studies for up to one year.
Undergraduate students can study abroad at the Madrid campus for a year, semester, or summer .
Undergraduate students can work on a variety of possible projects.
Undergraduate students choose among scores of degree options.
Undergraduate students choose to get involved in research for various reasons.
Undergraduate students completing an internship fall semester are eligible to apply.
Undergraduate students demonstrate the techniques they use in muscle physiology investigation.
Undergraduate students deserve creative and committed instructors, scholars, and researchers.
Undergraduate students do most of the observing, data reduction and analysis.
Undergraduate students do, however, receive preference.
Undergraduate students enjoy challenges which expand their range of skills.
Undergraduate students get a chance to be on Departmental committees and their views are respected.
Undergraduate students have a responsibility and role regarding their curriculum as well.
Undergraduate students have an alternative to the conventional final examination .
Undergraduate students have an opportunity to purchase a voluntary plan.
Undergraduate students have ten consecutive semesters of eligibility.
Undergraduate students have the opportunity to interact daily with full professors.
Undergraduate students have the opportunity to interact with the candidates and give our input.
Undergraduate students have the option to earn credit.
Undergraduate students have two options.
Undergraduate students lead extremely hectic lifestyles trying to balance work, family, and school.
Undergraduate students lead the bulk of the workshops.
Undergraduate students lead the group problem solving tutorials.
Undergraduate students learn basics of research and clinics.
Undergraduate students learn more from each other than from faculty.
Undergraduate students live in furnished two-bedroom suites.
Undergraduate students majoring in any field of study are eligible to apply.
Undergraduate students majoring in sociology are welcome to use the lab on a space-available basis.
Undergraduate students make extensive use of the ecotron in the spring semester.
Undergraduate students participate in independent, but guided, ecological research.
Undergraduate students participate in research.
Undergraduate students peer teach many of the class sections and earn two academic credits.
Undergraduate students receive notice of scholastic suspension on their grade report sheets.
Undergraduate students receive work experience in on-going scientific research projects.
Undergraduate students register by telephone.
Undergraduate students require permission of instructor.
Undergraduate students ride by showing a valid registration card.
Undergraduate students seem to have tremendous intolerance of foreign TAs.
Undergraduate students sign up for studies and receive extra course credit for their participation.
Undergraduate students spend a minimum of two hours of outside preparation per contact hour.
Undergraduate students spend one quarter in professional television newsrooms.
Undergraduate students staff the lab during the rest of the open lab hours.
Undergraduate students study the structure, processes and effects of human communication.
Undergraduate students use the library Web site considerably less than graduate students do.
Undergraduate students welcome.
Undergraduate students work with faculty in various ways on research topics of interest.
All undergraduate students are eligible and encouraged to apply.
All undergraduate students are eligible for the minor in aerospace studies.
All undergraduate students are eligible to apply.
All undergraduate students are eligible to vote.
All undergraduate students are eligible.
All undergraduate students are gone, and the campus is very quiet.
All undergraduate students are welcome.
All undergraduate students complete a course promoting understanding of cultural diversity.
All undergraduate students complete eight additional required core courses in the environment.
All undergraduate students have the option of pursuing a minor in coaching.
All undergraduate students learn how to use the computer as a tool for problem solving.
All undergraduate students participate in community service.
All undergraduate students receive a degree audit report at the beginning of each semester.
All undergraduate students start and finish their courses at the same time.
All undergraduate students work directly with a faculty advisor.
Any undergraduate student can declare international studies as a minor.
Any undergraduate student can vote.
Any undergraduate student is eligible to participate in the program.
Every undergraduate student needs an understanding adult to talk with openly from time to time.
Many undergraduate students are still concrete learners.
Many undergraduate students conduct forefront research with faculty.
Many undergraduate students establish independent research projects at the station.
Most undergraduate students function with a mindset of compartmentalization.
Most undergraduate students participate in departmental research.
Most undergraduate students pursue graduate study.
Undergraduate studies are available in the form of study courses or as single-subject courses.
Undergraduate studies are such a racket.
Undergraduate studies blend historical, critical and practical courses.
Undergraduate study follows, but has no prescribed hours or credit units.
Undergraduate study is also available.
Undergraduate study is available on a degree and non-degree basis.
Undergraduate support is available through special programs.
Undergraduate teaching is a central pillar of our activities here.
Undergraduate teaching is important for intellectual and professional reasons.
Undergraduate teaching is primarily a weaving of relationships.
Most undergraduate textbooks list it as a radical organization.
All undergraduate units offered by the actuarial department are available on a non-award basis.
Undergraduate work begins with a course that surveys major parts of the field.
Undergraduate work is also important, but a greater emphasis is placed on professional experience.
Undergraduate work is indicated on a separate undergraduate transcript.
Undergraduate work is required in three areas as a prerequisite to the program.
All undergraduate work is included in the evaluation.
An undergraduate is a collegian
Undergraduate advising assistants provide support to professional advisers activities.
Undergraduate denotes a person pursuing a baccalaureate degree.
Undergraduate refers to the first stage of studies at higher education level.
Undergraduates accommodate all eleven floors.
Undergraduates also are welcome to present their work.
Undergraduates also benefit from a number of study abroad options .
Undergraduates also benefit.
Undergraduates also can minor in Jewish studies.
Undergraduates also gain rigorous training in research methods and statistics.
Undergraduates also have more flexible schedules and fewer professional commitments.
Undergraduates also have the option of two different public administration majors.
Undergraduates also know that they have a positive influence on the middle school students.
Undergraduates answer five of the six questions.
Undergraduates answer four of the six questions.
Undergraduates apply in their senior year and funding lasts for three years.
Undergraduates are able to participate in faculty research.
Undergraduates are able to study, usually for one or two semesters, at the foreign institution.
Undergraduates are acceptable.
Undergraduates are also eligible but on a more restricted basis.
Undergraduates are also eligible for all sorts of loans.
Undergraduates are also welcome and a few take the course every year.
Undergraduates are always welcome at talks by visiting psychologists.
Undergraduates are automatically registered before beginning their course.
Undergraduates are collegians.
Undergraduates are eligible for associate membership.
Undergraduates are eligible for stack access upon application.
Undergraduates are eligible for student affiliation.
Undergraduates are eligible for the two year upper-level program.
Undergraduates are eligible to use the department's research equipment if their work requires it.
Undergraduates are eligible.
Undergraduates are here only three quarters.
Undergraduates are limited to eight semesters of payment.
Undergraduates are limited to four renewals.
Undergraduates are more than just an enjoyable audience.
Undergraduates are now in the directory.
Undergraduates are on a mandatory meal plan.
Undergraduates are particularly vulnerable to dropping out during their first year.
Undergraduates are prepared as generalists in nursing practice.
Undergraduates are prepared for entry level positions in today s world of Business.
Undergraduates are products of a Liberal public education.
Undergraduates are responsible for keeping their passwords secret.
Undergraduates are right to interpret their degrees in such a material way.
Undergraduates are the cash-cows of American universities, herded through vast, impersonal courses.
Undergraduates are the highest priority.
Undergraduates are the primary users of most services and resources.
Undergraduates are unencumbered and some of their best questions are the so-called naive ones.
Undergraduates are university students.
Undergraduates are welcome to the discussion groups.
Undergraduates are welcome.
Undergraduates begin by reviewing the research interests of faculty.
Undergraduates begin to develop research skills while completing projects in their courses.
Undergraduates benefit accordingly from learning about the latest research findings.
Undergraduates benefit as well.
Undergraduates benefit from research as well.
Undergraduates benefit from the teaching, research, service, and mentoring of graduate students.
Undergraduates can access the workroom for the sole purpose of using the library.
Undergraduates can accomplish extraordinary things if only they get the chance to do so.
Undergraduates can also use the office for summer internships.
Undergraduates can apply for scholarships and loans.
Undergraduates can apply online.
Undergraduates can apply up to and including their third year of study.
Undergraduates can apply via the web or print out the diploma application.
Undergraduates can benefit from MarBEC's summer programs.
Undergraduates can borrow through the interlibrary loan system only.
Undergraduates can choose their own e-mail address name.
Undergraduates can complete one semester or one year in Austria.
Undergraduates can contact interested faculty investigators.
Undergraduates can contribute by building a web map.
Undergraduates can do it.
Undergraduates can earn credit hours towards graduation by pursuing research during the school year.
Undergraduates can earn extra credit for participation.
Undergraduates can enroll beginning on the date and time stated on their advising access code card.
Undergraduates can enroll with permission of instructor.
Undergraduates can file online as well, as long as their parents are using the same computer.
Undergraduates can focus specifically on avian biology in several majors.
Undergraduates can get unpaid internships.
Undergraduates can only have their e-mail forwarded for a period of four months at a time.
Undergraduates can present in regular sessions or in Psi Chi session.
Undergraduates can read it after their basic course on data structures and analysis.
Undergraduates can receive all types of financial aid.
Undergraduates can see what's beyond their classes, and that can be very productive.
Undergraduates can select from seven colleges and schools, ranging from architecture to engineering.
Undergraduates can set up conferences with tutors through our on-line scheduler.
Undergraduates can sometimes get part-time jobs in research laboratories.
Undergraduates can specialize in ranch management or natural resource ecology and management.
Undergraduates can take part in research in several ways.
Undergraduates can use the skills acquired during research as a springboard for many careers.
Undergraduates can work individually or as part of a group.
Undergraduates can work toward a certificate or simply have an area of application in real estate.
Undergraduates click here for details on the department's annual essay competion.
Undergraduates come from all parts of Britain, postgraduates from all over the world.
Undergraduates come with varying degrees of clarity about what they want to pursue.
Undergraduates complete the basic core modules.
Undergraduates concentrate in one of six departments.
Undergraduates do and the staff does as well.
Undergraduates do experiments and havetheir own project depending upon experience.
Undergraduates do indeed study under the tutelage of the best minds of the university.
Undergraduates do receive preference in the award process.
Undergraduates earn their certification by working with the graduate students.
Undergraduates emphasize geographic information science, international analysis or urban analysis.
Undergraduates enroll with instructor's permission.
Undergraduates enter directly into the engineering programs their freshman year.
Undergraduates especially see research and researchers so far removed.
Undergraduates expect a TA to conduct a class with the same professionalism as a faculty member.
Undergraduates feel that provision is adequate when all the machines are up and running.
Undergraduates find any sort of formal reasoning difficult.
Undergraduates find many opportunities exist to participate in research.
Undergraduates find their own jobs on campus or at non-profit organizations around town.
Undergraduates gain experience with a wide range of computing resources.
Undergraduates gain more personal attention and older students improve their teaching skills.
Undergraduates get the drippings or leavings of the table from the graduate schools.
Undergraduates get the possibility of using their knowledge from lectures and seminars.
Undergraduates have a long tradition of pursuing research projects in the sciences.
Undergraduates have a wide variety of options for majors and minors.
Undergraduates have access to the collection through on-site viewing.
Undergraduates have access to the extensive computer facilities on campus for use in their studies.
Undergraduates have an education concentration option leading to secondary certification.
Undergraduates have an innocence and optimism.
Undergraduates have courses in African studies, but the programmatic structure needs review.
Undergraduates have many opportunities to get a taste of mathematical research.
Undergraduates have opportunities for hands on experience with the technology in their field.
Undergraduates have opportunities to participate in faculty research projects.
Undergraduates have priority, but surplus capacity is often available.
Undergraduates have the highest satisfaction rate with books, as opposed to other material types.
Undergraduates have the opportunity get involved in acting, designing sets, creating costumes.
Undergraduates have the opportunity of spending a year studying abroad.
Undergraduates have the opportunity to participate in a variety of research areas.
Undergraduates have the option of taking a mid-term exam or writing an appropriate paper.
Undergraduates help design experiments and test college students.
Undergraduates help design experiments, test children and perform transcript-based studies.
Undergraduates help phonetically transcribe twins' speech and analyze the results.
Undergraduates help recruit and test language-impaired children.
Undergraduates here have an opportunity to take advantage of more of the university.
Undergraduates join the teams as apprentices.
Undergraduates learn priciples of fluid mechanics.
Undergraduates learn to use all of the equipment available.
Undergraduates leave for summer.
Undergraduates live at the residential colleges in New Brunswick or commute.
Undergraduates live eight to a suite.
Undergraduates majoring in that program have to choose among specific areas of specialization.
Undergraduates manage a variety of athletic squads.
Undergraduates nominate the recognized graduate students.
Undergraduates normally take five courses per semester.
Undergraduates participate in the research activities of our faculty.
Undergraduates pay for our services each semester through a seven dollar student fee.
Undergraduates pick up items at local library.
Undergraduates primarily interact with teaching assistants, especially in lower division classes.
Undergraduates pursue research during the academic year as well as during the summer.
Undergraduates read from their own poetry and prose.
Undergraduates really have a chance to shape the department.
Undergraduates receive a competitive stipend, assistance with travel expenses and housing allowance.
Undergraduates receive four hours of credit for any three-hour graduate course.
Undergraduates receive mail at their parent's home address.
Undergraduates receive training, and are actively involved in all the tasks.
Undergraduates require an advisor s signature on registration forms to register.
Undergraduates require permission for D level.
Undergraduates require permission for the instructor.
Undergraduates reside on floors two through five.
Undergraduates respond enthusiastically to excellent teaching.
Undergraduates run a wide range of different clubs - dramatic, cultural, sporting and convivial.
Undergraduates serve as assistants to the lab leaders.
Undergraduates share the sentiments of their law school counterparts.
Undergraduates sign-in until noon on the day of the first meeting.
Undergraduates study all levels of biological organization from the molecular to the community.
Undergraduates study religion for many reasons.
Undergraduates supplement what they learn in the classroom by helping each other out.
Undergraduates take courses in cultural anthropology, human evolution and anthropological theory.
Undergraduates tend to think in terms of weeks for advance planning.
Undergraduates think of applied math in the abstract.
Undergraduates travel the globe and graduates have continued to enjoy unsurpassed job placement.
Undergraduates use it for seamless access to their files from anywhere.
Undergraduates vote to determine the awards.
Undergraduates wear blue gowns and salmon tassels.
Undergraduates wear the tassel forward and to the right.
Undergraduates work in a group facility area equipped for both black and white and color processing.
Undergraduates work in the dining halls to earn lucrative paychecks.
Undergraduates work one on one with clients in a kitchen and dining room laboratory.
Undergraduates work toward a bachelor's degree in music.
Undergraduates working in the Albany lab learn how to clone genes and help in the greenhouse.
Undergraduates working toward an associate's or bachelor's degree can be student members.
Undergraduates frequently ask questions in a nontraditional format contrary to what ITAs expect.
Undergraduates frequently work in the following laboratories.
Undergraduates often assist on projects and gain valuable field experience.
Undergraduates often work as research assistants for many faculty members.
Undergraduates often work closely with professors as research assistants on various projects.
Undergraduates usually come in the junior or senior year.
All undergraduates are eligible and are encouraged to apply.
All undergraduates are eligible and encouraged to participate in tournaments.
All undergraduates are eligible for an account.
All undergraduates are eligible for nomination by their departments.
All undergraduates are eligible to apply.
All undergraduates are eligible to be voting members.
All undergraduates are eligible to join.
All undergraduates are eligible to take part in the program.
All undergraduates are eligible to vote.
All undergraduates are eligible.
All undergraduates are members, some taking a more active role than others.
All undergraduates are welcome to attend.
All undergraduates are welcome to participate.
All undergraduates are welcome to visit chapters.
All undergraduates are welcome, every week.
All undergraduates are welcome.
All undergraduates attending the meeting are welcome.
All undergraduates can stay in hall in their first year if they want to.
All undergraduates doing research projects in the life-sciences are eligible to apply.
All undergraduates gain hands-on experience by participating in team research projects.
All undergraduates have to take classes from each school for general education requirements.
All undergraduates live in one of eight colleges.
All undergraduates receive a career newsletter at the beginning of each semester.
Any undergraduate can run.
Any undergraduate is welcome to participate.
Any undergraduate is welcomed to attend the conference.
Every undergraduate belongs to one of the nine colleges.
Every undergraduate has a personal tutor with whom they can discuss academic or personal matters.
Every undergraduate has a personal tutor.
Every undergraduate has to take at least one course in math, stat, or cs.
Every undergraduate here is required to take a biology subject.
Every undergraduate is assigned a faculty adviser.
Every undergraduate is required to have a mailbox unit for the posting of campus mail.
Every undergraduate is required to meet with their advisor prior to preregistration.
Every undergraduate lives in College during the first year.
Many undergraduates already have their eyes set to the future.
Many undergraduates already participate in research activities.
Many undergraduates also come seeking a sense of community.
Many undergraduates also find employment in research programs in the department.
Many undergraduates also support the fee reduction for graduates.
Many undergraduates attending a National Convention never leave the hotel.
Many undergraduates benefit from doing research in laboratories along with graduate students.
Many undergraduates change their career plans between freshman year and graduation.
Many undergraduates choose to complete an independent study with faculty mentors.
Many undergraduates complete high-quality work.
Many undergraduates have a hard time finding research experience.
Many undergraduates have little experience in organizing tasks and making good use of time.
Many undergraduates leave college burdened by student debt.
Many undergraduates leave college carrying considerable student debt.
Many undergraduates participate in faculty research projects.
Many undergraduates present their research at the Collegiate Section of the Nebraska Academy.
Many undergraduates pursue double majors and work with faculty in research experiences.
Many undergraduates pursue double majors and work with faculty on research projects.
Many undergraduates re-enroll in graduate programs while employed in the local area.
Many undergraduates remain in Potsdam during the summer to work with faculty on special projects.
Many undergraduates seek opportunities to work with children in educational or clinical settings.
Many undergraduates study economics in conjunction with an interdisciplinary major or minor.
Many undergraduates take a third writing course in their major, often as juniors.
Many undergraduates take advantage of the graduate-level subjects in their upperclass years.
Most undergraduates also choose to have their own dictionary.
Most undergraduates are afraid of physics.
Most undergraduates are from Georgia, although many other states and countries are represented.
Most undergraduates arrive here fresh from high school.
Most undergraduates assume that history majors are all preparing to teach the subject.
Most undergraduates attend full time.
Most undergraduates begin by volunteering for a term, beginning in their second or third year.
Most undergraduates encounter some math and lots of computer work.
Most undergraduates find placings in the country and even the region of their choice.
Most undergraduates have little concept of how hiring and firing is really done.
Most undergraduates have to make do with hand-drawn illustrations in their scientific reports.
Most undergraduates live in University housing.
Most undergraduates live on campus to be near the heart of scholarly and social activities.
Most undergraduates live on campus, either in residence halls, townhouses, or student apartments.
Most undergraduates live on campus.
Most undergraduates receive academic credit for research activities.
Most undergraduates spend a year abroad as a paid language assistant in a foreign school.
Most undergraduates stop too soon rather than too late.
Most undergraduates think of their audience as the instructor.
Some undergraduates are so enamored with education that they are considering it as a career.
Some undergraduates choose to enhance their education by participating in a research project.
Some undergraduates conduct honors projects that culminate in a senior research thesis.
Some undergraduates participate in internships .
Some undergraduates return to the department to pursue their master's degree.
Some undergraduates switch academic majors well into their undergraduate experience.
Undergraduates students are very rewarding to have as co-researchers, but there is a downside.
Undergrate air is introduced under the stoker grate through a compartmentalized wind box.
Undergrazing pastures slows erosion and also provides pheasant habitat.
Underground access is still possible.
Underground amplifiers are in some cases in water.
Underground applications are effective in controlling pocket gophers.
Underground bulbs comprise garlic-like cloves.
Underground burrows are dug by rodents.
Underground burrows are made by animals.
Underground burrows are made by other animals.
Underground burrows provide shelter.
Most underground burrows are dug by rodents.
Most underground burrows are made by animals.
Most underground burrows are made by other animals.
Some underground burrows have rest areas.
Underground cable is endangered by moisture as the ground is saturated by a deluge.
Underground cables transmit electricity rather than overhead lines.
Underground cellars are cooler in summer and warmer in winters.
Underground churches are the only civic groups existing outside government control.
Some underground dens have branches.
Some underground dens have several branches.
Underground detectors have the advantage of being mostly protected from cosmic rays.
Underground detectors search for neutrinos and relics of dark matter.
Underground development is already under way at East Boulder.
Underground emotions rise to the surface.
Underground excavation begins one year later.
Underground explosions are pernicious in more than one way.
Underground facilities can be subject to flooding.
All underground facilities are in and paid for.
Underground fires are a problem at the facility.
Underground floors are also useful for making mob grinders or animal farms.
Underground galleries surround the pyramid on all but the south sides.
Underground groups go after research, property that involve genetic engineering.
Underground growth competes with native tree and plant seedlings, inhibiting their development.
Many underground hackers join the fray as mercenaries, and are soon hunted like dogs.
Underground heating is another alternative.
Underground information is also available on tape and in Braille and tactile format.
Underground injection is a method of waste disposal.
Underground injection is a way to dispose of wastewater below the ground's surface.
Underground injection is a widely used waste disposal method.
Underground injection is another method of waste disposal.
Underground injection is important to New Mexico.
Underground installation can be difficult.
Underground installations are the only sovereign areas under the treaty.
Many underground laboratories produce the drug, sell it and make an attractive profit.
Underground leaks are the most costly leaks.
Underground locations are the best.
Underground maps are available free from most tube ticket windows.
Underground methane can seep into a house, county environmental officials say.
Underground methods are applicable for the deeper sulphide ores.
Underground mines are currently the highest profit producers of gold and silver.
Underground mines are damp, dark, noisy, and cold.
Underground mines are more expensive and more dangerous to miners.
Underground mines can be critical habitat for such species.
Underground mines differ according to how the coal seam is situated with respect to the surface.
Some underground mines are many kilometres long.
Underground miners can smell rain coming.
Underground mining are tunnels and shafts deep in the earth.
Underground mining brings in a whole new way of looking at things.
Underground mining causes coal dust to accumulate and be aerosolized.
Underground mining involves tunneling into the earth and removing material.
Underground mining is a dangerous job.
Underground mining is a much more hazardous situation.
Underground mining is by open stoping with three levels for extraction, drilling and ventilation.
Underground mining is dangerous work.
Underground mining is necessary when the coal is too deep or hard to reach for surface mining.
Underground mining is still a means of survival for many families in the area.
Underground mining is used when the coal lies in the deeper layers of the Earth.
Underground mining is used when the coal seam is buried several hundred feet below the surface.
Underground mining is virtually a world unto itself.
Underground mining is when the coal is farther underground, making it too expensive to remove soil.
Underground mining lowers the water table, changing the flow of groundwater and streams.
Underground movement becomes very active, Germany occupies Lithuania.
Underground newspapers are progressive and fun.
Underground parking has the connotation of being something secret or radical.
Underground parking is a definite plus during the winter.
Underground parking is already under construction.
Underground parking is also available at the school.
Underground parking is also available.
Underground parking is available across the road.
Underground parking is available at a nominal charge with in and out privileges.
Underground parking is available at the building.
Underground parking is available for automobiles.
Underground parking is available for the residents.
Underground parking is available in our building.
Underground parking is available in our garage.
Underground parking is available right next to our main entrance.
Underground parking is available with some units, and gated parking is also available.
Underground parking is available, ditto an elevator as well as stairs.
Underground parking is available.
Underground parking is free.
Underground parking is included in room charge.
Underground parking is provided at the basement level.
Underground parking is very convenient, but a little tricky.
Underground parking provides convenience and peace of mind.
Underground parking takes no additional space but garages do.
Some underground parking is available.
Underground parts are fibrous, woody tubers or scaly, rhizomatous aerial stolons.
Underground parts are rotted.
Underground pipes burst.
Underground pipes collect the methane gas produced by decaying garbage.
All underground pipe is plastic.
Underground pipelines bring natural gas to cities and towns.
Underground pipelines can easily move petroleum and natural gas to market.
Underground pits allow hermetic storage conditions.
All underground platforms are accessed through ticket barriers.
All underground plumbing is complete.
Underground railroad becomes a force in assisting slaves to escape to the North.
Underground rap focuses on more controversial issues and is generally more popular with older males.
Underground rhizomes produce growth.
Underground rhizomes take up water.
Most underground rhizomes produce growth.
Most underground rhizomes take up water.
Underground River depicts the drifting senses of a woman in a coma.
Underground rivers can open up huge caverns where water continually drips through the roof.
Underground rivers flow through caves that can sometimes be accessed by people.
Many underground rivers flow out through a cave mouth to become an ordinary river .
Many underground rivers flow out through a cave mouth to become an ordinary river.
Some underground rivers hold grind water.
Some underground rivers hold water.
Underground runners give rise to tubers like a small potato.
Underground shelters are rare and a sturdy building for shelter is usually some miles away.
Underground springs occur on several of the rivers and creeks in the park.
Underground stations have automatic sliding platform doors for safety.
Underground stems produce roots.
Underground storage provides great temperature stability.
Underground streams do occur, of course.
Underground surveys specify locations for drilling tunnels, sewers, or mines or for laying pipe.
Underground tanks are especially susceptible to problems because of their corrosive environment.
Underground tanks can leak and contaminate soil and groundwater.
Underground tanks fail for a variety of reasons.
Underground tanks provide the best long-term storage capabilities.
Underground temperatures can be very beneficial in balancing the thermal comfort of the home.
Underground temperatures reveal changing climate.
Underground tours are a great way to learn about the cave's geology and history.
Underground tours are available to see some of the old original city streets.
Underground tours lead past stalagmites and stalactites, giant columns and an underground river.
Underground trains come in two sizes , larger sub-surface trains and smaller tube trains .
Underground trains come in two sizes, larger sub-surface trains and smaller tube trains.
Underground tunnels connect to special-use rooms such as bedrooms, nurseries and latrine.
Underground tunnels exist which are several hundred kilometers in distance.
Some underground tunnels lead to damage.
Underground utilities add to the special beauty of the area.
Underground utilities are color-coded.
Underground utilities are in place.
Underground utilities can also create hot sites.
Underground utilities do exist at the site.
Underground utilities eliminate unsightly wires and poles.
Underground utilities maintain the natural setting.
All underground utilities are in place.
Most underground utilities are in place.
Underground voids are always a place where ground water is collected.
Any underground void can cause a sinkhole.
Underground water can also erode and deposit material.
Underground water comes close enough to the surface for springs and wells to exist.
Underground water is abundant.
Underground water is analyzed once a year.
Underground water is available in abundance.
Underground water is by no means decreasing.
Underground water is called groundwater, as opposed to surface water in lakes and rivers.
Underground water is considered fairly clean because soils create a filter that remove large toxins.
Underground water is often the source of potable water.
Underground water is scarce and often available only at great depths.
Underground water is widespread enough to allow the raising of cattle, sheep, goats, and camels.
Any underground water is kept liquid by overlying pressure and Mars s internal heat.
Some underground waters contain big quantity of dissolved metal salts.
Some underground wells are shallow wells .
Underground wiring is proposed for the third time.
Underground wiring is used only in areas currently served with underground utilities.
Some underground work requires the use of explosives for dynamiting rock.
An underground is a revolutionary group
Underground does offer some excellent journalism.
Underground flues again.
Undergrowth is a major problem.
Undergrowth is a thicket
Undergrowth is generally richer than at higher altitude too.
Undergrowth is located in forests.
Undergrowth is mostly salal, salmonberry, evergreen huckleberry and fern.
Undergrowth is mostly sparse, so snake risk is slight.
Undergrowth is overgrown.
Undergrowth is very dense and contains canes besides other species.
Undergrowth isa brush.
Undergrowth isa thicket.
Undergrowth provides dandy shelter for insects, birds and rodents.
Underhanded webmasters love to take advantage of commonly misspelled words.
All underhanded work is despicable.
Underinflated tires can cut gas mileage.
Underinflated tires have higher rolling resistance.
Underinflated tires increase rolling resistance which in turn decreases gas mielage.
Underinflated tires increase rolling resistance, waste fuel and accelerate tread wear.
Underinflated tires increase rolling resistance, which in turn decreases gas mileage.
Underinflated tires perform poorly, wear quickly, and contribute to rim damage.
Underinflated tires pose the same danger as overloaded tires.
Underinflated tires run hot because of excessive flexing.
Underinflated tires run hotter, wear faster, and are are more prone to blow-outs.
Underinflated tires suffer from rim bruises, sidewall snagging, and carcass failure.
Underinflated tires tend to sag,while overinflated tires have a very upright profile.
Underinflated tires wear unevenly, increase rolling resistance.
Underinsured coverage is sold by most major insurance companies and it is a bargain.
An underlay is a pad
Underlay attaches the fabric to the backing.
Underlayment grade is waterproof.
Underlayment mortar is maintenance-free and permanent.
Underlayment is a pad
Underlayments can be gypsum or portland-cement based.
Underlie conditions present problems.
Some underlie conditions contribute to death.
Some underlie diseases cause stature.
Underlie factors affect status.
Most underlie factors affect status.
Underlie heart problems are exacerbated by pregnancy.
Underlie issues cause problems.
Most underlie issues cause problems.
Underlie layers contain bacteria.
Most underlie layers contain bacteria.
Some underlie mechanisms increase excretion.
Some underlie mechanisms increase urinary excretion.
Underlie physical principles drive evolution.
Underlie principles drive evolution.
Underlie principles guide games.
Most underlie principles drive evolution.
Most underlie principles guide games.
Some underlie principles come from biology.
Underlie problems are exacerbated by pregnancy.
Underlie problems contribute to conditions.
Underlie problems contribute to skin conditions.
Underlie problems require attention.
Underlie problems require medical attention.
Underlie problems require treatments.
Most underlie problems are exacerbated by pregnancy.
Most underlie problems contribute to conditions.
Most underlie problems contribute to skin conditions.
Most underlie problems require attention.
Most underlie problems require medical attention.
Most underlie problems require treatments.
Some underlie problems cause death.
Underlie thyroid problems contribute to conditions.
Underlie thyroid problems contribute to skin conditions.
All underline colors become black.
Underline shortcuts are now easy to install and used throughout gtk-demo.
Underline text is nearly as unsightly as bold face.
An underline is a stroke
Underlines are as was marked by the author of the comment.
Underlines are links to flyers for each event.
Underlines indicate amino acids within each site that have been altered.
Underlines indicates most frequent.
Underlined acronyms contain links to more complete descriptions.
Underlined assignments are available online.
Underlined categories indicate photos are available for viewing.
Underlined churches have web page links.
Underlined committees have web pages.
All underlined companies are hyperlinks to their website.
Underlined compound has a higher melting point.
Underlined countries have a website.
Underlined courses have labs.
Underlined courses have links to course Web pages or additional information.
Underlined courses have links to pages with additional information.
Underlined courses indicate a laboratory course.
Underlined courses provide links to the respective course homepage provided by the instructor.
Underlined courses satisfy or count toward a general graduation requirement.
Underlined dates have corresponding agendas.
Underlined dates have entries.
Underlined dates have student guests.
Underlined dates indicate an event is scheduled.
Any underlined entry is a link to that department's web pages.
Underlined Events link to additional info.
Underlined events link to related press release.
All underlined fields are necessary.
Underlined horses are mares.
Underlined items are currently available.
Underlined items are linked, other links are still to come.
Underlined items are links to additional information about that item.
Underlined items are links to the site, page or e-mail address.
Underlined items are links to travel to other places.
Underlined items indicate materials going to a secure staff folder.
Any underlined items are clickable 'hot spots'.
Any underlined items are links that lead to a picture and description of the item.
Underlined language is new.
Underlined letters differentiate between the aspirates and non-aspirates of the Georgian alphabet.
Underlined letters indicate an illegible or questionable portion of a word.
Underlined Links appear on most pages.
Underlined links are always navigation tools.
Underlined links are now active.
Underlined listings are clickable links.
Underlined listings are links to the accomodation web sites.
Underlined Listings indicate webisite links.
All underlined listings are direct links to the business' website.
Underlined members link to their respective websites, and underlined contacts can be e-mailed.
Underlined names are hyperlinks to the corresponding Profile screens .
Underlined names are individuals with active e-mail links.
Underlined names are links to detailed pages with pictures.
Underlined names are links to information sheets.
Underlined names are links to pages.
Underlined names are links to photographs.
Underlined names are web site links.
Underlined names can accept e-mail.
Underlined names have additional detail.
Underlined names have class web pages.
Underlined names have further information.
Underlined names have links to photos.
Underlined names have pictures.
Underlined names indicate a link to either E-mail only or another web site.
Underlined names indicate an active link to a student's own home page.
Underlined names indicate an email link.
Underlined names indicate that there is a home page or an information page.
Underlined names lead to personal profiles.
Underlined names link to brief biographies .
Underlined names link to personal profiles.
Underlined names represent hyperlinks to pages with pictures and important information.
Underlined names represent student mentees.
Underlined numbers indicate baseline data for that school.
Underlined numbers indicate negative velocities.
Any underlined number is the link to that months score sheet.
Underlined ones are active.
Underlined organizations are links to their websites.
Underlined papers are available as gzipped .ps files of the preprint.
Underlined papers are available for viewing.
Underlined portions are actually true.
Underlined portions are additions to the previous code.
Underlined prices reflect free night special.
Underlined problems are optional, for extra credit.
Underlined products are links to the product description.
Underlined publishers have web sites- just click on the company's name to go to that site.
Underlined readings are links to web sites.
Underlined resources are available online through links from our homepage.
All underlined sentences are clues.
Underlined sets are incomplete .
Underlined spaces indicate where the original text is illegible.
Underlined sponsors indicate web site link.
All underlined subjects lead to at least one image. .
Underlined Tasks indicate they are past their due date.
All underlined text represents a link to another screen of information.
Any underlined text is a hyperlink, a connection to another page.
Any underlined text is a link to another menu or page.
Any underlined text is converted into headers.
Underlined titles are active links to other parts of the site.
Underlined titles are available on the Web.
Underlined titles indicate that full text is accesible by double-clicking.
Underlined titles indicate the selection or further information is available online.
Underlined titles link to abstracts.
Underlined titles link to pages with descriptions, photos, and background information.
Underlined titles link to tables of contents.
Underlined topics are active.
Any underlined typeface is a link.
Underlined underwriters have Web links, for even more information.
Underlined variables are optional.
Underlined words are a cue to Internet users for clickable information.
Underlined words are also links to information.
Underlined words are glossary entries.
Underlined words are hot links to graphics and animations.
Underlined words are hot links.
Underlined words are hyper links to either pictures or additional listings.
Underlined words are links to additional information.
Underlined words are links to additional slides.
Underlined words are links to other pages.
Underlined words are links.
Underlined words are phrases are links to other helpful sites.
Underlined words are registry key names.
Underlined words indicate a link.
Underlined words indicate active links.
Underlined words indicate the document is available.
Underlined words indicate the links.
Underlined words link to a third level of shortcuts.
Underlined words refer to other entries in the list.
All underlined words are direct links to the event websites.
All underlined words are entirely new to the preamble and bylaws.
All underlined words are hyperlinks to the respective entries in the dictionary.
All underlined words are links to other URLs.
All underlined words are links to the product's seperate web page.
All underlined words are links.
All underlined words link to more information.
Every underlined word is a link.
Underlined years are currently available.
Underlining information is also very similar.
Underlining text is misleading because it looks like a hyperlink.
Underlining titles is a form of quotation.
Underloaded transformers create excessive heat throughout the system.
Underlying assumptions are all about top management's mindset.
Underlying cause is unknown.
Underlying factors associated with aggression are specific to the individual.
Underlying materials are sandy loams, sandy clay loams, and clay loams.
Some underlying predispositions exist.
Underlying sentiment is still strong enough to hold the market aloft, but it has been weakened.
Underlying theme is communication.
Underlying tissue becomes spongy.
Underlying tissue is reddened due to inflammatory hyperaemia.
Underlying tissues are spongy and brownish, forming lumpy masses.
Undernourished adults have lower stamina, productivity, and attentiveness.
Undernourished children adopt behavioural patterns to conserve energy.
Undernourished children are more susceptible to illness and have more difficulty in school.
Undernourished children take spirulina as a daily supplement at the health clinic.
Undernourished deer are smaller- weaker and prone to die from starvation.
Undernourished infants are at greater risk of dying within their first year of life.
Undernourished men sleeping in the open are especially vulnerable.
Undernourished sheep are more susceptible to diseases, especially gastro-intestinal worms.
Undernourished women give birth to smaller, less robust babies than well-nourished women.
Underpaid employees leave very quickly.
Underpaid teachers supplement their incomes by giving tuition outside school hours.
Underpaint application can be a way to relax otherwise constricting or restricting painting habits.
An underpart is a body part
Underparts also become black during the breeding season.
Underparts are black.
Underparts are body parts.
Underparts are bright orange, with a black throat and upper breast.
Underparts are bright yellow.
Underparts are buffy-white on throat and chest.
Underparts are buffy-white with reddish streaks.
Underparts are creamish with rufous crossbars and dark vertical streaking.
Underparts are darkish, washed with yellow to white.
Underparts are dull orange yellow with some dark mottling on the throat.
Underparts are dull white with broad brown chevrons from throat to vent, arranged in irregular bars.
Underparts are gray to yellow-gray.
Underparts are gray-white.
Underparts are green tinged yellow and undertail coverts are white.
Underparts are grey to buff.
Underparts are light buff.
Underparts are lighter and buffy.
Underparts are lighter brown with brown barring.
Underparts are like adult, but tinged with tawny-olive with faint barring on breast and sides.
Underparts are olive green as is the breast.
Underparts are orange, with a black breast band.
Underparts are pale creamy, almost white.
Underparts are pale gray with pinkish flanks.
Underparts are pale greyish buff.
Underparts are pale greyish green often slightly streaked.
Underparts are pale rust with horizontal barring.
Underparts are paler, ranging from white to gray to brown.
Underparts are pinkish-brown.
Underparts are pinky-red and undertail coverts are white.
Underparts are white and dorsal pelage ranges from gray to brown, depending upon soil color.
Underparts are white with black streaks.
Underparts are white with reddish-brown mixed in.
Underparts are white, and buff-brown wash on throat.
Underparts are white, distinctly or obscurely spotted and mottled.
Underparts are white, finely barred dark grey.
Underparts are white, heavily barred dark grey to black.
Underparts are white, streaked black on sides, flanks.
Underparts are white, washed with cinnamon.
Underparts are white, with bright cinnamon streaking.
Underparts are white.
Underparts are whitish or buff.
Underparts are whitish to buffy colored, broken by horizontal bars.
Underparts are whitish to grayish.
Underparts are whitish, but washed slightly with yellow in fresh plumage .
Underparts are whitish.
Underparts are yellowish-green with dark streaks.
Underparts pale with grey-brown wash and fine streaking on neck and flanks.
Underparts whitish to yellowish, tail bicolored with black tip.
Underparts whitish with slight traces of spots.
Underparts whitish, with a band, lined with random, slate-coloured markings.
An underpass is a tunnel
Underpasses occur where features cross at different elevations.
Underprepared students struggle for cultural and academic voice.
Underprivileged Groups See Disadvantaged Groups .
Underreported stories are real hard to verify.
Underrepresented status changes annually according to three-year statistical updates.
Underrepresented students have their own sub-communities.
Underripe fruit has a higher pectin content.
Underripe fruit has more pectin than ripe fruit.
An underscore is a stroke
Underscores add a young, high-tech feel.
Underscores are acceptable.
Underscores are hard to see in a link because the entire link is underlined.
Underscores are strokes.
Underscores connecting a note to the next note indicate a slur.
Underscores indicate underlining in the original text.
Underscores make part of a word.
Underscored keys suffer no kind of check.
Underscored links are active now.
Underscored material is added.
Underscored material is new.
Underscored references represent hyperlinks to other Web sites.
Underscored words lead to additional information or learning aids.
Undersea cables appear to span countries in arcs.
Undersea earthquakes cause tsunamis.
Most undersea earthquakes cause tsunamis.
Undersea exploration proves to be just as challenging.
Undersea landslides can cause tsunamis.
Undersea mountains rise and fall in horns, trombones, and tuba.
Undersea pipelines are in a harsh, corrosive environment.
Undersea warfare is a team sport, a combined arms effort.
Underseat book rack optional.
Underseat storage is excellent and very welcome.
Underseat straps hold it firm and secure while paddling.
Many underserved communities offer loan forgiveness programs to attract family physicians.
Underserved markets have money, talent and strategic location.
Underserved populations present another challenge for the healthcare community.
Underserved women are less likely to receive annual breast and cervical cancer screenings.
An undershirt is a garment
Undershirts are a nice way to add a layer of warmth.
Undershirts are a nice way to add an extra layer of warmth.
Undershirts are located in drawers.
Undershirts are shirts.
Undershirts are underwears.
Undershirts provide easy access to the umbilical cord for care and cleaning.
Underside isa boundary.
Undersides have areas.
Undersides have bare patches.
Undersides have bare surfaces.
Undersides have dark spots.
Undersides have large white spots.
Undersides have patches.
Undersides have spots.
Undersides have surfaces.
Undersides have white spots.
Undersized cords result in excessive voltage drops and additional power plant loading.
Undersized fish are the classic sign of overfishing, a problem found in many parts of the world.
Undersized transformers can lead to degradation of electric availability service levels.
Undersocialized puppies grow up to be fearful or aggressive adults.
Understand concepts challenge imagination.
Understandability is quality
Understandability is required.
Understandable communication is vital to a company's success in today's business environment.
Understandable images are essential to selling products and ideas.
Understandably selectors are reluctant to leave out any cricketer with a formidable record.
Understanding reality brings more questions.
Understanding reality is quite different from knowing in a scientific way.
An understanding is a knowing
Understanding affects attitude which, in turn, influences behavior.
Understanding allows students to retain, recall and apply material in other circumstances.
Understanding also comes from meditation.
Understanding also is more than a routine well-automatized skill.
Understanding are albums.
Understanding are knowing.
Understanding are located in families.
Understanding are of equal weight.
Understanding are our goals.
Understanding are pacts.
Understanding are used for mental illnesses.
Understanding Ask one person to repeat back what the other person said, including Feelings.
Understanding becomes a challenge to many and the desire of all.
Understanding becomes our first step in coping.
Understanding begins with definitions.
Understanding begins with experience, i.e., seeing and listening.
Understanding begins with oneself and then reaches out to embrace the external world.
Understanding brings control.
Understanding brings enlightenment and with it comes peace of mind in a turbulent world.
Understanding brings enthusiasm.
Understanding brings insight.
Understanding brings options.
Understanding brings peace, and peace is the source of healing.
Understanding brings together interrelated bits of knowledge.
Understanding brings wisdom and new ideas.
Understanding builds bridges.
Understanding builds knowledge.
Understanding can be immediate.
Understanding can be just another power play in the game.
Understanding can become an effective weapon in our struggle.
Understanding can come from actively searching for truth.
Understanding can help tremendously with the grieving or separation process.
Understanding can only come from actual personal experience.
Understanding can only come with time and practice.
Understanding can only derive from seeing nothing occasionally.
Understanding can perceive nothing, the senses can think nothing.
Understanding can solve problems which previously seemed intractable.
Understanding can turn an adversarial relationship into a positive, productive one.
Understanding ceases on going past a misunderstood word.
Understanding comes by way of experience.
Understanding comes first.
Understanding comes from a tree.
Understanding comes from context and context from breadth of knowledge.
Understanding comes from experience.
Understanding comes from inside.
Understanding comes from observations taken at many times and at many places.
Understanding comes from participation and effection programs.
Understanding comes from the knowledge.
Understanding comes from training and self-development.
Understanding comes in midsentence.
Understanding comes in small increments, slowly and arduously gained from painstaking research.
Understanding comes little by little over a lifetime.
Understanding comes one person at a time over a period of time.
Understanding comes only through the light of grace.
Understanding comes over time and application.
Understanding comes through being aware of what is.
Understanding comes through exposure.
Understanding comes through reflection.
Understanding comes to the defeated.
Understanding comes with age and maturity.
Understanding comes with continued patient explanation in simple terms.
Understanding comes with experience.
Understanding comes with knowledge and experience.
Understanding comes, and courage.
Understanding continues to be uneven.
Understanding creates great faith and stops selfish prayer.
Understanding creates the bridge to problem solving.
Understanding depends on much more than delivering more facts.
Understanding develops by degrees.
Understanding directories The Internet is a web of interconnected files that are linked together.
Understanding dispels misunderstandings.
Understanding does have it's price, but then again so does ignorance.
Understanding does little good without action.
Understanding drives intelligent decisions.
Understanding enhances our quality of life and enjoyment of things.
Understanding enlightens the soul.
Understanding exposures to hazards.
Understanding falls out of the stories, all over their lives.
Understanding fills that form.
Understanding forms the starting point for a powerful chain reaction.
Understanding generally produces appreciation, even admiration.
Understanding gives a different lens through which to view neighbors, fellow bus-riders, etc.
Understanding gives an intuitive penetration into truth.
Understanding goes a long way toward reaching common goals.
Understanding goes hand in hand with acceptance.
Understanding goes one way, action is different.
Understanding grows from learning from one another's cultures.
Understanding has a phenomenology.
Understanding has durability, knowledge is provisional at best.
Understanding has to be able to transcend common definition.
Understanding improves as one becomes more familiar with the speech of that particular person.
Understanding includes discernment, too.
Understanding includes memory of information different than what is being understood.
Understanding involves knowledge of the full set of causal relationships that underlie a phenomenon.
Understanding involves learning what the other person means.
Understanding involves several different emotional and mental processes.
Understanding involves synthesis and interpretation.
Understanding is . .
Understanding is a completely different issue.
Understanding is a concept that addresses a special moment in history.
Understanding is a deeper pleasure.
Understanding is a dialectic process.
Understanding is a fountain of life to one who has it, but the discipline of fools is folly.
Understanding is a general criterion used to evaluate research suppliers.
Understanding is a key element of preservation.
Understanding is a key to coping.
Understanding is a kind of ecstasy.
Understanding is a kind of ectasy.
Understanding is a lacking ingredient in our society.
Understanding is a lens which brings the facts into crisp focus.
Understanding is a lie.
Understanding is a life-long process that continues from childhood through old age.
Understanding is a lot like sex.
Understanding is a matter of making inferences to the best explanation.
Understanding is a powerful way to show love.
Understanding is a process that is focused on a moving target.
Understanding is a process that occurs over time.
Understanding is a process.
Understanding is a relative term.
Understanding is a small part of comprehensive.
Understanding is a subtle property, which exists in degrees, and has many facets.
Understanding is a subtler matter, which goes beyond knowing.
Understanding is a teacher.
Understanding is a three edged sword.
Understanding is a three-edged sword.
Understanding is a two-way street, of course.
Understanding is a two-way street.
Understanding is about education.
Understanding is absolutely essential for the word to take root and bear fruit.
Understanding is absolutely essential.
Understanding is accomplished by way of our five senses.
Understanding is accuracy and knowing why it is accurate.
Understanding is achieved when many data are unified by a common structure.
Understanding is all-important.
Understanding is also highly correlated with good writing.
Understanding is always a key to responding properly.
Understanding is always a more robust form of learning than memorization.
Understanding is always one step ahead of talking.
Understanding is always preferable to memorization.
Understanding is always the first step to resolving conflict.
Understanding is an adventure and, like any other adventure, is dangerous.
Understanding is an intermediate step, but the final destination, the true center, is the heart.
Understanding is an personal affair.
Understanding is another big one.
Understanding is another important personality characteristic of being a teacher.
Understanding is apparent but lacks detail, portions of assignment incomplete or inconclusive.
Understanding is as abstract as any other philosophical endeavor.
Understanding is as simple as reading the words.
Understanding is assessed on exam questions.
Understanding is based on knowing what other people have contributed.
Understanding is based on respect.
Understanding is basic in all questions of ethics, and in respect to social or moral ideals.
Understanding is better than knowledge.
Understanding is better when the subject is simply organized.
Understanding is better.
Understanding is brought into being through the union of qualities, seeing the other as oneself.
Understanding is built up step by step through active involvement.
Understanding is certainly important as well.
Understanding is checked.
Understanding is common to all.
Understanding is consistent.
Understanding is created initially in journalism through literal and thick description.
Understanding is critical to their acceptance by both managers and employees.
Understanding is crucial in being able to relate and succeed in the world.
Understanding is demonstrated when students can explain things in their own words.
Understanding is dialogical.
Understanding is different from finding information.
Understanding is embedded within the experience of the individual.
Understanding is emphasized first, reading second.
Understanding is empty of self.
Understanding is enhanced by oral reading and discussion in the early stages.
Understanding is enhanced when phrases appear in clear bold typeface.
Understanding is enough for the mind to transform.
Understanding is especially important since anyone and everyone can be so, or at least try to be.
Understanding is essential for a firm foundation.
Understanding is essential to agreement.
Understanding is far more important than the correctness of the language.
Understanding is filled with emotion.
Understanding is forever unattainable.
Understanding is full experiencing.
Understanding is fundamental to effective action on drugs.
Understanding is fundamentally dialectical in form and substance.
Understanding is gained through application in drawing, drafting and model form.
Understanding is gained through direct interaction with raw data.
Understanding is gained through observation and study.
Understanding is grasped by learning the art at the dojo, or training hall.
Understanding is heavily related to ones perception of reality.
Understanding is hightened when communication wins.
Understanding is imparted through coaching, correcting, drilling.
Understanding is important for all aspects of computer programming.
Understanding is important.
Understanding is impossible.
Understanding is improved when one becomes more familiar with the deaf person's speech.
Understanding is in a different condition in each person's mind.
Understanding is in the head of the receiver.
Understanding is indeed difficult.
Understanding is joyous.
Understanding is just a matter of time.
Understanding is largely limited to a series of short, discrete utterances.
Understanding is less desireable when compared to 'Experience'.
Understanding is light.
Understanding is like a buried treasure.
Understanding is like holiness.
Understanding is lost in a similar manner.
Understanding is more imporant than experience.
Understanding is more important than explanation.
Understanding is more important than how much they can make because money is an empty goal.
Understanding is more stimulated than learned.
Understanding is most important.
Understanding is much less likely to occur if the models mismatch.
Understanding is much more useful than rote memorization.
Understanding is necessary for discipleship, and discipleship is necessary to further comprehension.
Understanding is needed to incorporate new reality into unified reality in the mind.
Understanding is needed to make a decision.
Understanding is needed to preserve and heal our world.
Understanding is needed.
Understanding is neither simple, nor straightforward.
Understanding is one of the three intellectual virtues, and it is a great gift.
Understanding is one thing.
Understanding is only a mouse-click away.
Understanding is only a very small affair,yet sober understanding is vital.
Understanding is only the beginning.
Understanding is our input.
Understanding is power.
Understanding is preferable to memorization.
Understanding is related to perception.
Understanding is relative, in more ways than one.
Understanding is relative.
Understanding is required.
Understanding is secondary in importance, while love is useless.
Understanding is self-discovered.
Understanding is sometimes a good substitute for awakeness, even if it is weaker.
Understanding is the ability to apply and build on facts.
Understanding is the ability to interrelate knowledge and give it meaning.
Understanding is the ability to see good within all experience regardless of appearances.
Understanding is the ability to seize upon principles.
Understanding is the answer.
Understanding is the basis of everything.
Understanding is the beginning of peace and of a peaceful future for all.
Understanding is the best thing.
Understanding is the bloom of mindfulness.
Understanding is the bridge between data and knowledge.
Understanding is the child of knowledge who is the mother of experience who is the father of wisdom.
Understanding is the faculty of rules.
Understanding is the first step in developing employee motivation.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Understanding is the first step to action.
Understanding is the first step to peace.
Understanding is the first step to transforming.
Understanding is the first step toward effective integration of school and community resources.
Understanding is the first step towards control.
Understanding is the first step towards defusing a situation.
Understanding is the first step.
Understanding is the foundation for belief in the dignity of humankind throughout the world.
Understanding is the foundation of music appreciation, the ultimate goal of music teaching.
Understanding is the fruit of meditation.
Understanding is the gift of grace.
Understanding is the goal of teaching and learning.
Understanding is the investigation of theory.
Understanding is the key point to actually absorbing the country when given the chance to visit.
Understanding is the key to drafting good language.
Understanding is the key to effective learning.
Understanding is the key to getting along.
Understanding is the key to knowledge.
Understanding is the key to nurturance and appreciation.
Understanding is the key to our salvation.
Understanding is the key to peace.
Understanding Is The Key To Peace.
Understanding is the key to self-confidence in language learning.
Understanding is the key to transformation.
Understanding is the key word.
Understanding is the key, and the keys to understanding are good tools .
Understanding is the key.
Understanding is the most important expression of love.
Understanding is the motive behind all analysis tools.
Understanding is the next step to factual data, and data leads to informed decision-making.
Understanding is the platform from which trust is built and true healing can begin.
Understanding is the primary component of love.
Understanding is the principle and practice is the application.
Understanding is the reasoning of relationships.
Understanding is the result of analysis, synthesis, integration and assimilation.
Understanding is the reward of faith.
Understanding is the thinking of what is in memory.
Understanding is the tool to use here.
Understanding is the touch of minds, But the heart understands the best.
Understanding is to know what is to be done and why and how.
Understanding is very important.
Understanding is well worth the effort.
Understanding is what counts.
Understanding is what has to come first, but knowing is beyond even that.
Understanding is what it's all about.
Understanding is where the action is.
Understanding is, after all, the secret of every form of leadership.
Understanding is, to speak generally, the faculty Of cognitions.
Understanding leads naturally to alignment.
Understanding leads to a greater measure of caring.
Understanding leads to alternative solutions.
Understanding leads to better results in any endeavor.
Understanding leads to better workplace relationships, teamwork and customer service.
Understanding leads to compassion, and compassion is the key to cooperation.
Understanding leads to condonation.
Understanding leads to healing and change in behaviors, outlook, and lifestyle.
Understanding leads to human action which is a classical Greek notion.
Understanding leads to love.
Understanding leads to more productive and relevant action.
Understanding leads to purpose and self-guidance.
Understanding leads to solutions instead of power struggles.
Understanding leads to tolerance.
Understanding lessens the pain.
Understanding let and lambda Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Understanding Look at the question below and the answer a student has given.
Understanding makes prayer intelligible.
Understanding means from a feminist perspective trying to change.
Understanding means going beyond information and knowledge.
Understanding means humbling oneself beneath.
Understanding means making connections.
Understanding occurs in the mind.
Understanding occurs only when individuals attribute the same or similar meaning to the messages.
Understanding occurs when one sees things simply, as they are.
Understanding occurs when prior knowledge is accessed and new connections are made.
Understanding occurs when there is the sum, expression plus life.
Understanding opposites is an important part of the experience of wholeness and growth.
Understanding prevails, and the trader rewards the mutual understanding in cash or kind.
Understanding proceeds from observation, imagination, and intuition.
Understanding proceeds via literal meaning or sense- semantics.
Understanding promotes learning in many ways.
Understanding provides guidance.
Understanding reduces the pain in relationships.
Understanding refers to self-evident truths.
Understanding relies on context and new tools alter aspects of context.
Understanding removes all fears.
Understanding represents the lowest level of understanding.
Understanding requires both time and place.
Understanding requires conditions of uncertainty, change, diversity and challenge.
Understanding requires inferencing.
Understanding requires language that is simple and direct.
Understanding requires making inferences.
Understanding requires much more than rote memory.
Understanding requires mutual respect.
Understanding requires perception.
Understanding requires questioning.
Understanding requires sytematic fieldwork, immersion in society.
Understanding requires that more than one facet be seen.
Understanding restores sympathy.
Understanding reveals hidden things.
Understanding seeks the meaning of action in empathic intuition of a whole.
Understanding seeks the meaning of action in intuition of a whole.
Understanding seems to be going ahead of the influence, so far.
Understanding serves to cool the anger.
Understanding sparks communication. . .
Understanding starts long before children understand our words.
Understanding starts to shift.
Understanding takes more time, more patience, and more work.
Understanding takes sometime.
Understanding takes time.
Understanding travels from far away and arrives fragmented.
Understanding typically comes from training and analysis.
Understanding USDA serving sizes lets the consumer enjoy a nutritionally balanced diet.
Understanding uses imagination but is separate from it.
Understanding varies considerably by national origin, culture and denomination.
Understanding why requires some history.
Understanding why requires understanding how they work.
Understanding why takes looking beyond group politics and other stereotypes.
Understandings frame the identity and practice of educational professionals.
Understandings here are crucial to be successful player.
Understandings prevent misunderstandings.
Understanding often leads to a solution.
Understanding often leads to settlement.
Understanding often takes time and patience.
All understanding begins in wonder.
All understanding is based on model building.
All understanding is guided by manner in which question is posed and aim of the inquiry.
All understanding shines.
All understanding takes place in the nexus of believing and knowing.
Every understanding is provisional, the preunderstanding of the next reading.
Some understanding however can be helpful and gratifying.
Some understandings are more conceptual.
Some understandings are practical.
Understated concepts are as irritating as overstated meanings.
Understatement can be a terrifying thing.
Understatement is a statement
Understatement is a valuable and rare skill, one that few can lay claim to today.
Understatement is absolutely, positively best.
Understatement is always best.
Understatement is always the absolute best way to put forth earth shaking ideas.
Understatement is always the absolute best way to put forth earthshaking ideas.
Understatement is always the absolute best way to put forth earth-shaking ideas.
Understatement is always the absolutely best way to put forth earthshaking ideas.
Understatement is always the best policy.
Understatement is always the best.
Understatement is an unknown virtue in Hollywood.
Understatement is more effective in conveying a feeling than an accumulation of detail.
Understatement is statements.
Understatement is usually the rule.
Understatement serves the play surprisingly well.
Understatement works surprisingly well on the web.
Understatement usually works better than hyperbole.
An understudy is an actor
Understudies are actors.
Understudies have (part) arms.
Understudies have (part) body substances.
Understudies have (part) cell membranes.
Understudies have (part) cells.
Understudies have (part) corpi.
Understudies have (part) cytoplasm.
Understudies have (part) heads.
Understudies have (part) human bodies.
Understudies have (part) legs.
Understudies have (part) material bodies.
Understudies have (part) necks.
Understudies have (part) nuclei.
Understudies have (part) personality.
Understudies have (part) plasma membranes.
Understudies have (part) sections.
Understudies have (part) vacuoles.
Understudies join the company the week before tech week.
Understudies perform their roles for review for members of the company.
Understudy isa actor.
All understudies know the deal.
Undertail coverts are white.
Undertail feathers are black with white spots and edges.
An undertaker is a skilled worker
Undertaker climbs through the door.
Undertaker tosses both men around.
Undertakers are traditionally only slightly less amusing than nuns.
Undertakers are wrestlers.
Undertakers do it with corpses.
Undertakers make millions because of the truth of that verse.
Undertakers use it to preserve dead bodies.
An undertow is inclination
Undertow is by far the fastest and most accurate waveform display tool on today's market.
Undertows are inclination.
Undertows can be problematic during the rainy season.
Undertreated pain causes unnecessary functional impairment.
Undertreated pain destroys the quality of life.
Undertreated pain is a major public health problem.
Undertreated pain is also a comfort and compassion issue and affects patient satisfaction.
Underutilized facilities are prime targets for acquisition by a growing concern.
Undervalued companies are susceptible to takeover.
Undervoltage conditions can damage certain types of electrical equipment.
Underware technologies are enterprise-enabled with standard security features.
Underwater acoustics has several advantages over the more traditional fish sampling methods.
Underwater archaeologists discover and excavate ancient shipwrecks and submerged cities.
Underwater archaeologists search for a long-lost caravel in the reefs of the Caribbean Sea.
Underwater archaeologists undertake inventories and evaluations of underwater cultural resources.
Underwater archaeology is a young discipline.
Underwater archaeology is almost always much more expensive than land digging.
Underwater archaeology is archaeology
Underwater archaeology is difficult and gear intensive, and safety consciousness is vital.
Underwater archaeology is the study of shipwrecks and ancient artifacts beneath the seas.
Some underwater blasts can have enough impact to cause haemorrhages in lungs and sinuses.
Underwater cables serve as a communications link between continents.
Underwater camera rentals Cayman.
Underwater cameras are also available for rent.
Underwater cameras are available for hire.
Underwater cameras are available for purchase.
Underwater cameras are available for rent.
Underwater cameras are available for rental.
Underwater cameras are available.
Underwater cameras assist in researching structure.
Underwater cameras excel in clear water.
Underwater cameras rate less than two hundred words.
Underwater cameras take pictures.
Most underwater cameras take pictures.
Underwater divers are a common example of the problem of unstable buoyancy due to compressibility.
Some underwater earthquakes cause waves.
Underwater environments offer diets.
Most underwater environments offer diets.
Underwater equipment has very special requirements for power and control connections.
Underwater exploration allows for the discovery of marine life.
Underwater explorers come across aliens underwater while trying to recover a crashed submarine.
Underwater explorers report discoveries.
Most underwater explorers report discoveries.
Underwater explosions are highly efficient producers of seismic signals.
Underwater explosions can lead to fish kill, and fish with swim bladders are more susceptible.
Underwater explosions create an enormous expanding bubble filled with scorching gases.
All underwater habitats are shaded and some are very dark indeed.
Most underwater heaters attach to the side of an aquarium with suction cups.
Underwater hockey is a great source of in-water activity all year round.
Underwater hockey is played on the bottom of a pool.
Underwater landslides are another cause of tsunamis.
Underwater landslides can also generate Tsunamis.
Some underwater landslide leads to tsunamis.
Some underwater landslide produces colossal waves.
Some underwater landslide produces waves.
Some underwater landslide triggers tidal waves.
Underwater life is abundant.
Underwater life is vast around the island with seals, dolphins and many other underwater treasures.
Most underwater photos can only show subjects a few meters away.
Underwater photographs present a wide variety of fish faces.
Underwater photographers display coloration.
Underwater photographers display wonderful coloration.
Most underwater photographers display coloration.
Most underwater photographers display wonderful coloration.
Underwater photography demonstrates precise alignment, arm movements, and proper technique.
Underwater photography depicts the growth of the Atlantic salmon from hatching to maturity.
Underwater photography depicts the growth of the Atlantic salmon, from hatching to maturity.
Underwater photography is a labor of love.
Underwater photography is a popular pastime, too, so most shops include darkrooms and labs.
Underwater photography is an increasingly popular hobby - but that's another story.
Underwater photography is popular due to prolific marine life.
Underwater photography offers the fun of recording the world while snorkeling or scuba diving.
Underwater photography presents rare views of some the world's most spectacular wildlife.
Underwater photography shows the natural order of the study site.
Underwater photosynthesis takes places.
Most underwater photosynthesis takes places.
Underwater pipeline laying continues despite bad weather.
Underwater plants provide habitats.
Underwater plants provide important habitats.
Most underwater plants provide habitats.
Most underwater plants provide important habitats.
Underwater scavengers include carnivorous crabs.
Underwater scavengers include crabs.
Underwater scavengers include hermit crabs.
Underwater scene makes no sense when there are no object in the water.
Underwater sound is measured using calibrated hydrophones and accelerometers.
Underwater sound is measured using calibrated hydrophones.
Many underwater subjects are small and look best when they fill the viewfinder.
Underwater technology is used to address the limitations of exploring the ocean.
Underwater thrusters create a pressure differential, sucking the vehicle against the hull.
Underwater topography is irregular, and shoals and banks are usually present.
Underwater vision is excellent and is thought to be the primary means of navigation.
Underwater volcanoes can form hydrothermal chimneys.
Underwater volcanoes erupt a lot at diverging boundaries.
Underwater volcanoes heat the ocean and change the sea floor topography.
Underwater weeds provide habitats.
Most underwater weeds provide habitats.
Underwater weighing is the gold standard for body composition determination.
Underwater welding is a necessity, of course.
Underwater welding requires an enormous amount of skill.
Underwatered turf becomes open and sparse, develops a poor appearance, allowing weed invasion.
All underway systems appear to be funcitoned properly.
An underwear is a garment
Underwear can also serve as a reward for the child's interest in toilet training.
Underwear can be outerwear.
Underwear can say a lot about a person.
Underwear comes in small, medium, large, or extra-large sizes.
Underwear gives added protection in the groin area where pesticides have the quickest dermal uptake.
Underwear has fashion changes, too.
Underwear is a basic essential.
Underwear is a hot topic in South Florida.
Underwear is a tough job.
Underwear is a very erotic object for a lot of people.
Underwear is about.
Underwear is advised, including a sports top or similar undergarment for nuns.
Underwear is an element in a mystic ritual linking men and women.
Underwear is cotton mouselain and cotton lace, includes bustle.
Underwear is like a car.
Underwear is made by trained, sadist baboons who want to take over the world via a universal wedgie.
Underwear is now sportswear.
Underwear is pressure.
Underwear is so intimate, and comfort and feel is so important.
Underwear is worn for many reasons.
Underwear isa garment.
Underwear just gives wedges.
Underwear worn beneath bike shorts can also lead to chafing and sores.
Underwears are clothing.
Underwears are garments.
Underwears are located in backpacks.
Underwears are located in drawers.
Underwears are located in suitcases.
Underwears are made of cotton.
Underwears are undergarments.
Underwears have (part) bands.
Underwears have (part) button holes.
Underwears have (part) collars.
Underwears have (part) cuffs.
Underwears have (part) hems.
Underwears have (part) lap covering.
Underwears have (part) pocket flaps.
Underwears have (part) pockets.
Underwears have (part) sections.
Underwears have (part) skirts.
Underwears have (part) sleeve.
Underwears have (part) stripes.
Underweight babies are at higher risk of health problems.
Underweight children are more susceptible to recurrent respiratory or gastrointestinal infections.
Underweight people live longer and are in less danger from heart disease.
Underweight people suffer financially too.
Underweight women are more likely to give birth to underweight, premature babies.
Underweight women can become infertile, underweight cancer patients can die as a result of wasting.
Underweight women can gain slightly more.
An underwing is a moth
Underwings are dark.
Underwings are large moths with rather dull forewings and brightly colored underwings.
Underwings are mostly dark.
Underwings have black margins and irregular streaks on converts.
Underwire bras Be particularly careful to choose an underwire bra which fits correctly.
Underwire cups support.
Underwire suits are available in bra-type style for fitness or string style like a posing suit top.
Underwired bras provide less movement but provide better shape.
Underwired cups creates alluring cleavage and light boning slims and cinches.
An underwriter is an institution
Underwriter approves - with conditions.
Underwriter Writes neutrally, neither pushing nor pulling.
Underwriters accept the risks from brokers - on behalf of the members of each syndicate.
Underwriters allocate IPOs to their best customers.
Underwriters also provide significant financial support.
Underwriters also punish their brokers if they sell the shares for investors.
Underwriters analyze a borrower's creditworthiness and set the loan amount.
Underwriters are able to post an auction or straight expressions of interest of a new issue.
Underwriters are human with their own opinions, prejudices and personality quirks.
Underwriters are now responsible for more agents and more business than ever before.
Underwriters are professionals.
Underwriters are squeamish.
Underwriters are the insurance professionals upon whose expertise and judgement the market depends.
Underwriters are the insurance professionals upon whose expertise and judgment the market depends.
Underwriters are various A-rated companies.
Underwriters are workers.
Underwriters can determine how to price the IPO by the demand evidenced from the road shows.
Underwriters can get a better look at floodplains before quoting a price for insurance.
Underwriters can offer products or services as premiums during the fall and spring fund drives.
Underwriters can sharpen their risk selection and loss control recommendation skills as well.
Underwriters consider many things in making their decisions.
Underwriters customarily meet with the management of the issuer to conduct due diligence.
Underwriters decide whether an applicant for insurance is an acceptable risk.
Underwriters decide whether to provide insurance to applicants seeking coverage.
Underwriters evaluate a number of factors and exposures when writing workers compensation risks.
Underwriters follow a procedure very similar to the one described.
Underwriters generally prefer surgical removal of the prostate to other treatment methods.
Underwriters give the station a type of insurance policy too.
Underwriters have no part in the claims process.
Underwriters have to play the hand they are dealt.
Underwriters help support our news, music and entertainment programming and receive on-air credit.
Underwriters invariably resell the debt to their own customers.
Underwriters maintain claim agents in various important ports and cities throughout the world.
Underwriters manage with very tight margins.
Underwriters offer specialized policies addressing the specific issues of various industries.
Underwriters place varying importance on different types of credit.
Underwriters play a very critical role.
Underwriters range from small businesses to large corporations and foundations.
Underwriters reserve the right to decline cover if they so wish.
Underwriters retain the right to appoint investigating adjusters on any claim.
Underwriters routinely wear multiple hats.
Underwriters serving risk retention groups become experts in one industry.
Underwriters still like to look at a risk, and they expect the agent to have seen the risk as well.
Underwriters then decide whether to issue a policy.
Underwriters use different criteria.
Underwriters always give buys or strong buys to the companies they take public.
Underwriters often choose to host the musicians at a dinner after the performance, for instance.
Underwriters often have sub-underwriters to share the risk.
Underwriters often serve as market makers to create such an after market.
Underwriters sometimes write letters to policyholders, agents, and managers.
More Underwriters Learn about the folks who's generosity makes it all possible.
Most underwriters specialize in one of three major kinds of insurance.
Most underwriters specialize in property, life, liability, or health.
Most underwriters target institutional or wealthy investors in IPO distributions.
Some underwriters go even further, blatantly featuring their products as encouraging kids to learn.
Some underwriters only handle business insurance.
Some underwriters progress to general management.
Some underwriters specialize in debt offerings.
Underwriters laboratories indicates that it meets safety standards.
Underwriting rates are extremely affordable.
Underwriting rates compare very favorably with advertising rates on other broadcasting outlets.
An undescended testicle is a testicle
Undescended testicle occurs when the testicle fails to move into the scrotum prior to birth.
Undescended testicles are at increased risk for cancer.
Undescended testicles are common in boy babies.
Undescended testicles are quite common.
Undescended testicles are too warm to produce healthy sperm.
Undescended testicles have an increased tendency to grow tumors over descended testicles.
Undescended testicles is another problem.
An undescended testis is a testicle
Undescended testes occur in males.
Many undescribed species exist, especially in tropical wet forests.
Most undescribed species are small and occur in soil, tropical rainforests and marine habitats .
Undesignated courses are for all emphases.
Undesignated funds offer great flexibility in meeting existing and future community needs.
Undesignated gifts are welcome at any time.
Undesignated gifts are welcome.
Undesignated money is distributed proportionately to all agencies that received designated gifts.
Undesignated places are open to students.
Undesignated time is when police officers conduct random patrols.
Undesirable bacteria are what make milk products taste rotten.
Undesirable behavior is a broad term including delinquency, fraud, intrusion and account defaulting.
Some undesirable behaviors are actually symptoms of disease.
Many undesirable consequences flow from the crisis of governance.
Undesirable friendships can be harmful.
Many undesirable genes affecting the horse's overall vigor and fertility are recessive.
Undesirable incidents affect outcomes.
Most undesirable incidents affect outcomes.
Undesirable microorganisms cause disease and food spoilage.
Undesirable mold occurs when cheeses are improperly wrapped and consequently exposed to air.
Undesirable plants continue to be introduced to California.
Some undesirable reaction takes places.
Some undesirable symptoms are caused by fermentation gases.
Some undesirable symptoms are caused by gases.
Undesirable trends are reversed, and the student continues to grow toward healthy adulthood.
An undesirable is a person
Undesirables show up for lame parties.
Some undesirables live there.
Any undesired feature causing discrepancies in the digital image is considered noise.
Undesired pregnancies are a major cause of school drop out among female adolescents in Cameroun.
Undetectable error are infinite in variety.
Undetectable errors are infinite in variety.
Undetectable levels are an indication that kidney function is normal.
Undetectable substances have mass.
Undetectable substances have negative mass.
Most undetectable substances have mass.
Most undetectable substances have negative mass.
Undetectable tremblers go on daily.
Undetected chlamydia has severe consequences, particularly for women.
Undetected rejection is a transplant patient's biggest concern.
Many undetermined cases involve criminal damage to property such as graffiti painted on a synagogue.
Some undetermined material remains.
All undetermined variables can either be true or false and their negation is the opposite.
Undeterred shoppers can consider visiting Changi airport rather than Singapore itself.
Undeveloped areas are least able to prevent the spread of infectious disease.
Undeveloped characters speak in undeveloped scenes.
Undeveloped countries are the weaker trading partner.
Undeveloped land has an aesthetic and inherent value that interconnects people to the earth.
Undeveloped land is a benefit to everyone.
Undeveloped land remains, but much of it is steep slopes and wetlands.
Undeveloped land requires almost nothing in services.
Undeveloped lands are crucial habitats for the ever-shrinking patches of nature in our midst.
Many undeveloped parklands surround the northern and western shores.
Undeveloped parts are for experienced bushwalkers only.
Undeveloped property is exempt from the fee.
Undeveloped trailheads consist of unsurfaced parking areas.
Undifferentiated carcinomas require immunohistochemistry to help in making the diagnosis.
Undifferentiated cells can create tissues other than desired types.
Undifferentiated mesenchyme is removed from chick embryo limb buds and cultured.
Undigested blood remains in the digestive tract of the leech for long periods of time.
Undigested carbohydrates are the main substrate for intestinal gas production.
Undigested food becomes soil for bacteria which ferment and decompose it.
Undigested food becomes solid waste that leaves through the anus in the form of feces.
Undigested food can stick to the sides of the colon.
Undigested food cause many health problems.
Undigested food is excreted out as solid waste.
Undigested food leaves through the end of the tube, the anus.
Undigested food moves on inside the gut.
Undigested food stays in the intestines and becomes feed for bacteria and other parasites.
Undigested foods can remain in our sys- tem resulting in toxicity that poisons our bodies.
Any undigested food is passed out with the faeces.
Undigested lactose produces hydrogen gas as it passes through the gut.
Undigested manure leaches nitrates into the water supply from precipitation or irrigation.
Undigested material is called residual body and is excreted out of the cell.
Undigested material is eliminated through the anus.
Undigested material is formed into a solid mass in the colon by reabsorption of water into the body.
Undigested material is regurgitated through the mouth, one shortcoming of a single-ended gut.
Undigested material is voided through the anus .
Undigested material passes from the small intestine as liquid and fiber.
Undigested material passes into the intestine.
Undigested material passes out through the anus.
Undigested matter comes out asfaeces.
Undigested matter is eliminated as castings through the anus at the posterior tip of the worm.
Undigested matter is ripe for bacterial action, virus, and germ infestation.
Any undigested matter is expelled through the anal pore.
Undigested molecules are expelled via the anal pore.
Undigested proteins can affect the respiratory system.
Undigested residue passes back out of the mouth.
Undigested sand is bound in mucus and ejected.
Undigested sludge contains more nutrients and valuable water.
Undigested traces are supposedly biologically inactive in humans.
Undigested waste is egested.
Undigested waste is stored in the rectum for defecation.
Undiluted chloropicrin is highly toxic by ingestion or direct contact with the skin or eyes.
Undiluted glycols have the potential to ignite.
Undiluted material can cause serious illness if accidentally swallowed.
Undiluted ozone has a bluish color.
Undiluted ozone is bluish in colour.
Undiluted vinegar is very effective in neutralizing coating that contacts the skin.
Undimensional theories are superstable.
An undine is water spirit
Some undines inhabit waterfalls, others live in rivers and lakes.
Undirected edges are equal if they connect the same vertices.
Undirected edges can only appear between discrete chance nodes.
Undirected energy can turn towards destructive behaviors, such as digging and chewing.
Undirected kids have a way of turning time on their hands into classroom disruptions.
Undisciplined adults lacking in integrity are generally the result of poor training as a child.
Undisciplined desire is folly.
Undisciplined drivers render traffic movements unpredictable.
Undisciplined kids come from undisciplined parents.
Undisciplined living is a fourth indicator of a rebellious spirit.
Undisciplined people follow the path of least resistance.
Undisclosed bias is a most dangerous thing.
Undisclosed commissions are the problem.
Undisclosed reserves enhance a company's creditworthiness.
Undiscovered risks are potential losses.
Undisker interface is easy to use .
Undisplayed labels are variations with minor differencies.
Undisputed debts have a high success rate in certain circumstances.
Many undisputed observations contradict current theories on how the solar system evolved.
Undissolved residue is discarded.
Undistributed collections can be the result of location, conversion or accounting issues.
Undistributed profit is entered on the credit-side as retained earnings.
Undisturbed capital is invested and the interest from the investment finances operating expenses.
Undisturbed colonies have thousands of residents and extend for miles in all directions.
Undisturbed deposits mean less regurgitation of previously pumped gases.
Undisturbed forest is the ideal land cover for enhancing groundwater recharge.
Undisturbed grime coats the corners.
Undisturbed peat is a record of geological and climatic changes in the environment.
Undisturbed relaxation is essential.
Undisturbed sites means the possibility of unknown mysteries from the distant past.
Undisturbed sleep is guaranteed Table of prices and service.
Undisturbed woodland lies beyond the developed areas.
Undivided attention is the key to the advantage of the Internet and the telephone.
Many undivided backs are excellent cards, as well as the divided backs.
Undivided clumps become large and unattractive.
Undivided facades allow air to flow freely within the space between the inner and outer skins.
Undivided facades are simple systems without structural elements between the inner and outer skins.
Undivided loyalty prohibits simultaneous representation in litigation.
Undo command is non-functional.
Undo feature is enhanced and extended.
Undo history allows easy recovery to different versions of a document.
Undoable actions are text editing within one field.
Undocumented actions continue to be discovered.
Undocumented children are highly motivated and are hard-working students.
Undocumented codes are present in the data.
Undocumented fit is used in the program watsat.
Undocumented genealogy is mythology.
Undocumented graphics reside in the public domain.
Undocumented immigrants are aliens residing illegally in the United States.
Undocumented immigrants are eligible to apply as long as they reside in the state.
Undocumented immigrants are welcome.
Undocumented immigrants pay far more in taxes than they use in government services.
Undocumented immigrants remain a small minority.
Undocumented immigrants steer clear of government programs for fear of being deported.
Undocumented immigrants use various devises to escape their own countries for varying reasons.
Most undocumented immigrants are visa overstays.
Some undocumented immigrants are afraid to send in the forms.
Undocumented migrants continue to pose a threat to the U.S. today.
Undocumented modifications are a problem.
Undocumented networks are extremely common.
Undocumented parents are unlikely to ask for waivers at all.
Undocumented people are scared.
Most undocumented people shun public exposure, fearing deportation.
Undocumented publications are typically for lay audiences.
Undocumented software is the norm it seems.
Undocumented status adds to the stress of a crisis.
Undocumented students have challenges with language, financial aid.
Undocumented testing is any other testing.
Undocumented workers are very vulnerable to exploitation at the workplace.
Undocumented workers are vulnerable to abuse and exploitation in the workplace.
Undocumented workers earn even less.
Undocumented workers provide cheap labor which is essential for many United States industries.
Most undocumented workers pay taxes.
Undone operations can usually be Redone from the same menu.
Undoubtedly categorization has many more attributes.
Undoubtedly children are more susceptible to marketing messages than their adult counterparts.
Undoubtedly education is the key.
Undoubtedly investment is required.
Undoubtedly liberals are plenty bad.
Undoubtedly overpopulation is a global issue.
Undoubtedly people tend to tell the boss they've got flu when they only have a cold.
Most undrained areas are idle or are used for pasture.
Undrainged areas are in pasture.
Undredged ports lose their access to trade and often become ghost towns.
Undressed stone has naturally rough and irregular shapes.
Undrilled ones tend to stay put without turning or moving up and down on the thread.
Undrugged babies are active and responsive.
Undue attention is focussed on the player.
Undue burden means significant difficulty or expense.
Undue cynicism stems in part from misunderstandings and stereotypes about Serbia.
Undue familiarity is evidence of coarseness.
Undue flattery is also a kind of falsehood which degrades man.
Undue hardship is a limitation on an employer's obligation to make reasonable accommodation.
Undue hardship is a standard that takes into account costs and health and safety concerns.
Undue hardship is a tough threshold to meet.
Undue hardship is an action requiring significant difficulty or expense for a business.
Undue hardship is defined as an action requiring significant difficulty or expense.
Undue hardship is determined case by case.
Undue hardship is determined on a case-by case basis.
Undue hardship is very restrictive.
Undue hardship means significant difficulty or expense.
Undue precision spoils the appearance of many a room.
Undue redness shows an excess of red blood cells.
Undue stress can be anything from longer hours at work to strenuous physical activity.
Undue stress placed on our bodies is another reason for supplementation.
Undue worry ought to be viewed as a lack of faith, something to be overcome.
Undular bores refer to a change in mean fluid height, accompanied by a set of solitary waves.
Undulation brings great flexibility and fiuidity to the spine.
Undulation is movement
Undulation is movement.
Undulations are misread.
Undulations is a significant recording that deserves and demands recognition.
Undulations resonates with intelligence, emotional depth and probing virtuosity.
Unduplicated counts are within categories of dispositions.
Unduplicated reach is a calculated number.
Une aide contextuelle vous explique la signification de chaque option.
Une armoire is a cupboard or wardrobe.
Une attestation d'etudes doit etre jointe a la demande.
Une belle histoire d'amour, une brillante distribution et d'excekllent dialogue.
Une belle histoire qui nous donne penser.
Une situation trange mais qui semble satisfaire tout le monde.
Unearned aid is returned to the funding source.
Any unearned amount is forfeited.
Unearned compensation is amortized over the vesting period of the option or warrant.
An unearned income is an income
Unearned income includes income from investments, dividends, capital gains, and trust distributions.
Unearned income includes interest, dividends, capital gains and other earnings from investents.
Unearned income includes taxable interest, dividends, capital gains, and trust distributions.
Unearned income includes taxable interest, dividends, etc.
Unearned income is counted in full.
Unearned income is counted when it is actually or constructively received.
Unearned income is deducted dollar for dollar.
Unearned income is interest, dividends and other income from investments.
Unearned incomes are incomes.
All unearned premium is returned to the insured.
Unearned revenue is a balance sheet account a liability.
Unearned revenue is a liability of the business.
Unearned revenue is an income
Uneaten feed collecting on the pond edge is a sure sign of overfeeding.
Uneaten feed is available to zooplankton that then becomes a food source.
Uneaten food attracts rats and can cause rodent infestation.
Uneaten food can decay and impact water quality.
Uneaten food creates unhealthy conditions, as seen in the previous section.
Uneaten food turns into toxins in the tank.
All uneaten food is to return home.
Any uneaten food can worsen the already poor water quality.
Uneaten portions are still usable.
Uneaten prey is covered with snow or litter.
Uneaten remnants pile up in extensive bone beds.
Unedited footage has more comparative objectivity as a source.
Unedited lists are self-governing.
Unedited redistribution is authorized.
Uneducated Brits are no better.
Uneducated girls represent a time bomb for society.
Uneducated immigrants enter the United States to flee poverty and war in their homelands.
Uneducated packers cause internal melon bruising during bin and carton packing.
Any uneducated pretender can claim to have spotted a trend.
Any uneducated shepherd can learn to use one in an afternoon.
Uneeded libraries waste time.
UNEit labs are open ample hours for students enrolled in our programs.
Some unemployed blokes find that taking it all off is more than just a put-on.
Unemployed candidates look less desirable to the clients.
Every unemployed engineer has a de facto shingle hung out.
Unemployed husbands are moreover burdens which the Muslim women suffer silently.
Unemployed individuals provide the same basic information including contact information.
Unemployed laborers gather in the market place of the villages, waiting for an employer.
Unemployed men are economically dependent on women.
Unemployed men present an even larger problem.
Unemployed men sit in front of liquor stores or play cards in vacant lots.
Unemployed members receive financial support and assistance in finding a job.
Unemployed members volunteer more time to ministering in the church.
Unemployed parents feel forced to send their children out to work, and the cycle continues.
An unemployed people is a people
Unemployed people are immobile because they get generous benefits from the welfare state.
Unemployed people are people.
Unemployed people are the smallest group of benefit claimants.
Unemployed people can receive benefits and take short-term classes of a technical nature.
Unemployed people deserve a better deal.
Unemployed people have terrific luck in finding a new job within the next four weeks.
Unemployed people make up a large proportion of cannabis users.
Unemployed people produce nothing.
Many unemployed people lack basic job finding skills.
Many unemployed people wait until they go back to work, for example, before considering bankruptcy.
An unemployed person is a person
Every unemployed person wants to become re-employed as quickly as possible.
Unemployed professionals are more active than ever, often flooding recruiters with resumes.
All unemployed residents attend six AA meetings per week on the premises.
Unemployed scholars indulge in unreasonable discussions.
Some unemployed students sell plasma for cash.
Unemployed workers can create strains and stresses on the economic-political system.
Many unemployed workers are in dire poverty, and the level of homelessness is rising.
Some unemployed workers lose financial stability and resources, social support and status.
Unemployed youth have no institutional location.
Unemployed youths loiter, smoking, on street corners outside crumbling apartment blocks.
Unemployment benefit is kept to a low level to encourage the unemployed to work.
Unemployment benefits are among the highest in the world.
Unemployment benefits are available to persons out of work through no fault of their own.
Unemployment benefits are available under state law.
Unemployment benefits are for able-bodied people who are capable of working.
Unemployment benefits are generous.
Unemployment benefits are only one vehicle.
Unemployment benefits are taxable .
Unemployment benefits are taxable income under both state and federal law .
Unemployment benefits depend upon the employee's average weekly wage, with a stipulated maximum.
Unemployment benefits lengthen the time people spend between jobs.
All unemployment benefits are smaller in number and scale.
Unemployment compensation is an example.
Unemployment compensation is conditioned on prior participation in the labor force.
Unemployment compensation is designed to ease the burden.
Unemployment compensation is indeed taxable.
Unemployment compensation is paid for a certain number of weeks.
Unemployment compensation is social insurance
Unemployment compensation is social insurance.
Unemployment compensation is taxable.
Unemployment compensation is the most important option for the laid-off worker.
Unemployment compensation offers basic protection against economic insecurity.
Unemployment compensation protects, in part, the lost earnings of an employee who is out of work.
Unemployment compensation provides a safety net for job losers in search of new employment.
Unemployment compensation provides income to an employee who is terminated.
Unemployment compensation provides temporary income for workers who have lost their jobs.
All unemployment compensation is subject to income tax.
Unemployment insurance covers relatively fewer workers and for shorter periods.
Unemployment insurance does, however, improve wage outcomes for the long-term unemployed in Canada.
Unemployment insurance is an empty slogan.
Unemployment insurance is available to all discharged non retiring personnel.
Unemployment insurance is established in Great Britain and Austria.
Unemployment insurance is financed entirely by a tax on payrolls paid by employers.
Unemployment insurance is funded almost exclusively by employers.
Unemployment insurance is funded entirely by employer contributions.
Unemployment insurance is just that insurance.
Unemployment insurance is more time-limited than in other countries.
Unemployment insurance is paid to workers who lose their job through no fault of their own.
Unemployment insurance is required of businesses with employees.
Unemployment insurance is something new and of a different character.
Unemployment insurance is subject to reconciliation.
An unemployment rate is a percent
Unemployment rate continues to be very low, as is the norm for north central Iowa.
Unemployment rate decreases slightly Nuremberg.
Unemployment rate is approx.
Unemployment rate is currently the lowest in Asia.
Unemployment Rate is expressed as a percentage.
Unemployment Rate is the number of unemployed as a percentage of the labor force.
Unemployment rate is the number unemployed expressed as a percentage of the labour force.
Unemployment rate is the ratio of unemployed people to the labour force.
Unemployment rate represents the percent of the civilian labor force who are unemployed.
Unemployment Rate Represents the proportion of the civilian labor force that is unemployed.
Unemployment rate rises again Nuremberg.
Unemployment rates are always disproportionately high.
Unemployment rates are at historically low levels.
Unemployment rates are at record lows throughout the country.
Unemployment rates are disproportionately high in the Aboriginal community.
Unemployment rates are double-digit figures.
Unemployment rates are extremely low and many businesses are actively seeking new employees.
Unemployment rates are higher for younger than older members of the labor force.
Unemployment rates are highest among youth and are higher for females than for males.
Unemployment rates are highest in small rural communities.
Unemployment rates are low and largely stable in most parts of the district.
Unemployment rates are low and our schools rank among the best in the country.
Unemployment rates are low in most areas, and employment numbers high.
Unemployment rates are low, as are crime rates.
Unemployment rates are low.
Unemployment rates are lower, but many Thais are under-employed.
Unemployment rates are often as much as much as twice the state average.
Unemployment rates are particularly high among nonmetro minorities and teenagers.
Unemployment rates are particularly high in Europe for young entry-level workers.
Unemployment rates are percentages.
Unemployment rates are several times higher than in the nation.
Unemployment rates are still at all-time lows.
Unemployment rates are the highest in the world.
Unemployment rates are the lowest they've been in a decade.
Unemployment rates are typically lower than the statewide average.
Unemployment rates are unadjusted for seasonal variations.
Unemployment rates are very high.
Unemployment rates are very low and our schools rank among the best in the country.
Unemployment rates are well below five percent, but wage increases have been modest.
Unemployment rates can fluctuate significantly from month to month.
Unemployment rates remain at moderate to low levels, and property tax rolls continue to expand.
Unemployment rates remain low and largely stable in most parts of the district.
Unemployment rates remain low in most regions, and employment numbers high.
Unemployment rates remain low.
Unemployment rates remain stubbornly high, so do interest rates.
Unemployment rates remain very low, and labor markets show continuing symptoms of tightness.
Unemployment rates rising Fulton County's unemployment rate is on the rise.
Unemployment rates show substantial decreases in all sectors.
Unemployment rates vary in minority communities.
Unemployment rates vary within and across regions.
Unemployment affects people differently.
Unemployment affects some groups more than others.
Unemployment also has a female face.
Unemployment also leads to anti-social behaviour caused by despair.
Unemployment also remains low.
Unemployment also tends to be higher among poor household heads.
Unemployment amounts to one half of the labor force.
Unemployment appears to be rising slowly.
Unemployment appears to fall even as trade deficits increase.
Unemployment becomes an increasingly severe problem as the economy approaches the trough.
Unemployment becomes an insult hurled at the rival supporters, who deserve it and choose it.
Unemployment becomes henceforth a social crime.
Unemployment becomes problems.
Unemployment benefits Current unemployment benefit payments are reflected.
Unemployment breeds racial and gender intolerance.
Unemployment brings financial and emotional pain.
Unemployment can be a trap.
Unemployment can cause so many painful and negative feelings.
Unemployment can have a devastating impact on individuals and their families.
Unemployment can mean sudden lifestyle changes for the entire family.
Unemployment can often lead to a loss of self-esteem.
Unemployment causes frustration among the youth.
Unemployment causes severe economic problems.
Unemployment Considers the physical and emotional impacts of unemployment.
Unemployment continues at the lowest rate in decades.
Unemployment continues falling, as job creation expands rapidly.
Unemployment continues to be a serious problem.
Unemployment continues to be concentrated in the young and unskilled population.
Unemployment continues to be disproportionately high in the Southeast Asian community.
Unemployment continues to climb astronomically.
Unemployment continues to fall.
Unemployment continues to grow to record levels.
Unemployment continues to hover near historic lows.
Unemployment continues to rise in Europe.
Unemployment continues to rise in most of Europe.
Unemployment continues to rise.
Unemployment correlates strongly with a higher mortality rate due to heart disease and suicide.
Unemployment creates frustration which is expressed in negative actions.
Unemployment creates poverty and desperation.
Unemployment creates poverty and social exclusion.
Unemployment depersonalizes people.
Unemployment edges down again.
Unemployment exacerbates problems.
Unemployment exists only when money wages are arbitrarily raised or held above the market price.
Unemployment falls and wages rise.
Unemployment falls due to the high level of production.
Unemployment goes up or down.
Unemployment grows for several reasons.
Unemployment grows worse every day.
Unemployment has a devastating effect on communities, bringing poverty and despair.
Unemployment has a face, has a name, has a heart.
Unemployment has a pervasive and pernicious impact on health.
Unemployment has a strongly depressing effect on happiness.
Unemployment has costs in addition to the obvious losses of income and security.
Unemployment has more than halved and inflation, too, has dropped sharply.
Unemployment has to be confronted immediately.
Unemployment here is high and so is overregulation.
Unemployment here is one point less than it is for New York state.
Unemployment here is rife.
Unemployment here is two percent.
Unemployment here swings widely from season to season.
Unemployment hits women and young people hardest.
Unemployment Identify the four types of unemployment.
Unemployment imposes a cost on the economy as a whole since fewer goods and services are produced.
Unemployment imposes costs on individuals and nations.
Unemployment increases the competition for jobs, while decreasing wages.
Unemployment indeed is the key for make or break.
Unemployment is a bad thing for society .
Unemployment is a bad thing for society.
Unemployment is a big one, pensions are a big one.
Unemployment is a critical issue for Pennsylvania's rural and metropolitan families.
Unemployment is a definite problem in Europe.
Unemployment is a family affair.
Unemployment is a flow as well as a stock .
Unemployment is a huge cost to the nation.
Unemployment is a huge problem.
Unemployment is a key criteria in assessing areas to qualify.
Unemployment is a key indicator.
Unemployment is a long-standing problem.
Unemployment is a major problem among parolees and contributes to their likelihood to recidivate.
Unemployment is a major problem in Botswana.
Unemployment is a major problem in our society today.
Unemployment is a major problem.
Unemployment is a most perilous thing for a government.
Unemployment is a nasty challenge in our culture.
Unemployment is a national crisis.
Unemployment is a phenomenon of a changing economy.
Unemployment is a problem fundamental to the workings of the system.
Unemployment is a problem here.
Unemployment is a problem.
Unemployment is a rare phenomenon among graduates of the department.
Unemployment is a result of self-serving manipulations of the money system.
Unemployment is a serious matter.
Unemployment is a serious problem just as it is in the south.
Unemployment is a serious problem that is getting worse.
Unemployment is a serious problem, particularly among younger workers.
Unemployment is a serious problem, with that come petty crime, especially in the cities.
Unemployment is a serious problem.
Unemployment is a state
Unemployment is a stressful time for the entire family.
Unemployment is a symptom of a sick economy and, indeed, a sick society.
Unemployment is a tax paid entirely by the employer rather than withheld from the employees wages.
Unemployment is a temporary condition.
Unemployment is a tremendous blow in the lives of people.
Unemployment is a world-wide condition.
Unemployment is about as low as it can go.
Unemployment is above the national average, as repair yards and port businesses close down.
Unemployment is above the national average.
Unemployment is almost nonexistent.
Unemployment is almost non-existent.
Unemployment is already far higher than it was in the United States during the Great Depression.
Unemployment is already far too high.
Unemployment is already high and the formal economy is weak.
Unemployment is already high.
Unemployment is also a big concern.
Unemployment is also a perpetual concern, and problem, for most church leaders.
Unemployment is also a problem.
Unemployment is also about twice as high in eastern Germany as in the west.
Unemployment is also higher than average in the years surrounding devaluations.
Unemployment is also relatively low in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Unemployment is also slightly higher in rural areas.
Unemployment is always low and their social services are very generous to the unemployable.
Unemployment is among the highest in Serbia.
Unemployment is an absolutely central issue in Europe today.
Unemployment is an economic problem, a problem of government and corporate policies.
Unemployment is an unbalance between the supply and the demand of working hours.
Unemployment is anathema in Japan.
Unemployment is another area where Spain has serious problems.
Unemployment is another ingredient of the conflicts.
Unemployment is another major cause of poverty in Africa.
Unemployment is another major cause of senior actors' difficulties.
Unemployment is another major problem, especially among the youth.
Unemployment is another success story for the nation as a whole.
Unemployment is as low as it's ever been.
Unemployment is at a forty-year low, and our spendable incomes are on the rise.
Unemployment is at a generation low and continuously declining.
Unemployment is at a historic low.
Unemployment is at a historical high.
Unemployment is at a post-World War II high.
Unemployment is at a quarter century low.
Unemployment is at a record all time low and the economy is experiencing tremendous growth.
Unemployment is at a record high.
Unemployment is at a record low.
Unemployment is at a record thirty-year low.
Unemployment is at a record, thirty-year low.
Unemployment is at a six-year low.
Unemployment is at a three-decade low.
Unemployment is at a twenty-year low.
Unemployment is at an all time low and technology has taken wings and soared.
Unemployment is at an all- time low and there are hundreds of thousands of unfilled jobs nationwide.
Unemployment is at an all time low and workforce needs are skyrocketing.
Unemployment is at an all time low in most communities.
Unemployment is at an all time low.
Unemployment is at an all time record low.
Unemployment is at an all-time low and employers appear desperate to find staff.
Unemployment is at an all-time low.
Unemployment is at an eight-year low and down in virtually every jurisdiction in the State.
Unemployment is at an eight-year low, and down in every jurisdiction.
Unemployment is at an eight-year low.
Unemployment is at an historic low.
Unemployment is at an impressive low, while the demand for knowledge workers has continued to climb.
Unemployment is at depression levels.
Unemployment is at historic lows and income levels are rising.
Unemployment is at historic lows.
Unemployment is at historical low level.
Unemployment is at historically high levels.
Unemployment is at historically low levels.
Unemployment is at near-record lows, and consumer spending and retail sales are on the rise.
Unemployment is at one of the lowest points it has been since the civil rights movement began.
Unemployment is at record highs.
Unemployment is at record levels.
Unemployment is at record low levels.
Unemployment is at record lows and corporate earnings are chugging along.
Unemployment is at record lows, and inflation is under control.
Unemployment is at record lows.
Unemployment is at some of the lowest measured rates in three decades.
Unemployment is at the lowest it has been in nine years.
Unemployment is at the lowest rates in over thirty years.
Unemployment is at the root of most of the destructive forces in our societies.
Unemployment is at three percent and major industries and retail continue strong.
Unemployment is at very high levels.
Unemployment is believed to have soared to perhaps two-thirds of the workforce in recent weeks.
Unemployment is below five percent.
Unemployment is below full employment rates.
Unemployment is below the national average.
Unemployment is below what the economists thought was possible.
Unemployment is boring.
Unemployment is built into the capitalist system.
Unemployment is certain to be a part of such a transition.
Unemployment is certainly a joke.
Unemployment is classified in the document as the result of a perverse neo-liberal policy.
Unemployment is clearly gender and age-biased with the female unemployment rate double that for men.
Unemployment is close to a quarter-century low.
Unemployment is common in Roma communities.
Unemployment is concentrated in groups of young people with particular experiences.
Unemployment is considered a temporary change and the obligor is still required to make payments.
Unemployment is considered low or high relative to the so-called natural rate of unemployment.
Unemployment is considered to be a 'lagging' indicator of the business cycle.
Unemployment is consistently above the state and national average by several percentage points.
Unemployment is currently at an all time low so it is time to repeal such a ridiculous restriction.
Unemployment is currently at historically low levels and skilled labor is in high demand.
Unemployment is currently at the lowest level of any time in our history.
Unemployment is derived from unemployment insurance administrative data.
Unemployment is destructive of a person's identity and sense of self-worth.
Unemployment is disproportionately high among the ethnic Albanian community.
Unemployment is double what it was a year ago.
Unemployment is down almost two points.
Unemployment is down and employment is up.
Unemployment is down and housing development is starting to pick up.
Unemployment is down and salaries are up.
Unemployment is down to one per cent.
Unemployment is down, but it is still one of the poorest areas in the state.
Unemployment is down, but so is job security.
Unemployment is down, employment is up.
Unemployment is down, job growth is up, and existing businesses are expanding.
Unemployment is down.
Unemployment is endemic and per capita income is decreasing.
Unemployment is endemic to capitalism.
Unemployment is endemic, and there are rising numbers of desperate people.
Unemployment is endemic.
Unemployment is equally on the rise particularly in the developing countries.
Unemployment is especially high among the young.
Unemployment is estimated several different ways, one by a household telephone survey.
Unemployment is estimated to stand at nineteen percent.
Unemployment is exceptionally high.
Unemployment is extremely high even though most work is still being done by hand with no machinery.
Unemployment is extremely high.
Unemployment is fairly low.
Unemployment is falling, business is booming, house prices are once again on the rise.
Unemployment is far higher than elsewhere in London.
Unemployment is far too high and the regions are being disproportionately effected.
Unemployment is felt most acutely by the young who comprise almost half the population.
Unemployment is followed by social problems such as alcoholism, malnutrition, crimes and illness.
Unemployment is for chumps.
Unemployment is good for Half as long as there are jobs to be filled.
Unemployment is good.
Unemployment is half the national average.
Unemployment is here in the inner city just the way it was before.
Unemployment is high although seasonal horticultural opportunities are helping.
Unemployment is high among their families.
Unemployment is high and breadlines are long.
Unemployment is high and competition for advancement steep.
Unemployment is high and emigration has become the norm for young people.
Unemployment is high and growing.
Unemployment is high and half the families live below the poverty line.
Unemployment is high and increasing, as workers return from the South African mines.
Unemployment is high and inflation is rampant.
Unemployment is high and many lack both money and clothing to go to school.
Unemployment is high and many of the children know few adults who are working.
Unemployment is high and one quarter of adults have less than a high school graduate's education.
Unemployment is high and pay low for many of the jobs that do exist.
Unemployment is high and poverty is deep.
Unemployment is high and problems with alcoholism, drug abuse and domestic violence abound.
Unemployment is high and rising, and per capita GDP is less than before the revolution.
Unemployment is high and the children often suffer from malnutrition.
Unemployment is high and there are fears of insurrection.
Unemployment is high and there are few opportunities for spouse to find a decent job.
Unemployment is high because most people are either rural workers or work for the county council.
Unemployment is high because of discrimination.
Unemployment is high for reasons other than inflexible labour markets.
Unemployment is high in Argentina right now.
Unemployment is high in villages now controlled by the guerrillas.
Unemployment is high stress as is working for unreasonable bosses and incompetent supervisors.
Unemployment is high with three job seekers for every advertised job.
Unemployment is high, and people struggle to make a living.
Unemployment is high, and so are prices.
Unemployment is high, and the cafes are often filled with people drinking early in the day.
Unemployment is high, and the country's few manufactures are made up mostly of processed food.
Unemployment is high, and the ethnic minority population, though small, is large for a Glasgow seat.
Unemployment is high, and there are limited job opportunities for the disabled.
Unemployment is high, but attempts to introduce new light industries have met with some success.
Unemployment is high, but dropping.
Unemployment is high, consumer prices higher, and the value of the money is in a steady decline.
Unemployment is high, educational achievement low.
Unemployment is high, of every three people in New York State one is out of a job.
Unemployment is high, the economy unstable and no one wants to rock the boat.
Unemployment is high.
Unemployment is higher because students tend to work at high turnover service jobs.
Unemployment is higher than elsewhere, crime rates growing every year.
Unemployment is higher.
Unemployment is highest towards the west of the region and along the coastal fringes.
Unemployment is historically low and American companies are world leaders in the new technologies.
Unemployment is in double digits in many urban areas.
Unemployment is involuntary.
Unemployment is just one of the effects.
Unemployment is largely an urban problem.
Unemployment is less important for a mature age person than for a young person.
Unemployment is less than half the levels of the Great Depression.
Unemployment is like a contagion also because it spreads.
Unemployment is like a pipeline.
Unemployment is likely to rise.
Unemployment is low and continues to drop.
Unemployment is low and entry-level jobs are plentiful.
Unemployment is low and foreign investment is at record highs.
Unemployment is low and good salespeople are highly prized.
Unemployment is low and inflation is below government targets - and has been for some time.
Unemployment is low and opportunities abound.
Unemployment is low and people are still spending money.
Unemployment is low and price pressures are scarce.
Unemployment is low and productivity is high.
Unemployment is low and the budget is in surplus.
Unemployment is low and the whole population has access to primary health care and education.
Unemployment is low and there is a diverse mix of job opportunities available.
Unemployment is low and wages reasonably high.
Unemployment is low as the number of jobs increases, even in Oregon's most timber-dependent areas.
Unemployment is low but whole sections of the population are left out of our economic miracle.
Unemployment is low in both states and opportunities abound, particularly in technology.
Unemployment is low in the community with most able-bodied workers fully employed.
Unemployment is low statewide.
Unemployment is low with most of the workforce engaged in white collar employment.
Unemployment is low, and it's getting harder every day to find candidates.
Unemployment is low, and many good new jobs have been created in recent years.
Unemployment is low, and people have a choice in jobs.
Unemployment is low, and the standard of living is high.
Unemployment is low, but so is inflation.
Unemployment is low, housing costs are on the rise, and the vacancy rate is very low.
Unemployment is low, incomes are high and residents are, for the most part, well-educated.
Unemployment is low, interest rates are low and the economy is showing slow, but steady growth.
Unemployment is low, the economy is healthy, few lives are in danger.
Unemployment is low, there are no polluting industries, the air is even good by German standards.
Unemployment is low, wages are high, exports are strong.
Unemployment is low, wages remain strong and opportunities abound for job-seekers.
Unemployment is low.
Unemployment is lower than both state and national averages.
Unemployment is lower than it has been in decades.
Unemployment is lower than it's been in years.
Unemployment is lower than it's ever been.
Unemployment is lower, for example, and the local economy is more diverse.
Unemployment is measured as the percentage of the total labour force out of work.
Unemployment is minimal, in contrast to the situation in some European countries south of here.
Unemployment is much higher among women than among men.
Unemployment is near a record high.
Unemployment is near an all time low and labor shortages are forecasted to span the next decade.
Unemployment is near an all-time low.
Unemployment is near an historic low.
Unemployment is near cyclical lows.
Unemployment is near record highs.
Unemployment is negligible, shops are full and many cities are getting facelifts.
Unemployment is negligible, though it's hard to find jobs.
Unemployment is never a price worth paying.
Unemployment is nice.
Unemployment is no fun for a performing bear.
Unemployment is now a hot issue in many advanced economies.
Unemployment is now at a crisis level in steel.
Unemployment is now at record levels, as are the levels of poverty and inequality.
Unemployment is on the increase.
Unemployment is on the rise again.
Unemployment is on the rise and is accompanied by social tension.
Unemployment is on the rise with the recent high-tech layoffs.
Unemployment is on the rise.
Unemployment is one of our major contemporary issues.
Unemployment is one of the bitter and galling problems that now afflicts man-kind.
Unemployment is one of the main reasons for immigration.
Unemployment is one of the major problems in Brazil today.
Unemployment is one of the reasons leading to drug use.
Unemployment is one of the serious problems in quite a number of countries in Southeast Asia.
Unemployment is one such issue.
Unemployment is only part of the problem.
Unemployment is our fundamental social problem.
Unemployment is over-stated.
Unemployment is permanently high, as in the Great Depression.
Unemployment is persistent.
Unemployment is practically non-existent, and yet many workers are fearful of losing their jobs.
Unemployment is probably at a record high.
Unemployment is probably well below the national average.
Unemployment is quite high in Europe.
Unemployment is rampant among all nationality groups.
Unemployment is rampant among young people on the plantations and real wages have fallen.
Unemployment is rampant and frustrated youths are often on drugs.
Unemployment is rampant and inflation is high.
Unemployment is rampant and the population is exploding.
Unemployment is rampant and welfare dependency is high.
Unemployment is rampant in Kinshasa.
Unemployment is rampant in many communities and there are no opportunities for our young people.
Unemployment is rampant on American Indian reservations.
Unemployment is rampant.
Unemployment is relatively high, although fire fighting and construction jobs bring seasonal income.
Unemployment is relatively low.
Unemployment is rife and parents are unable to nourish their children.
Unemployment is rife at at least a quarter of the workforce.
Unemployment is rife in almost all countries.
Unemployment is rife.
Unemployment is rising, crime rates are up, incomes are falling and health problems have multiplied.
Unemployment is riskier to life and limb than steeplejacking or mountain-climbing.
Unemployment is rock bottom.
Unemployment is set to drop below a million.
Unemployment is significantly higher for women than for men.
Unemployment is situations.
Unemployment is sky high.
Unemployment is so low today a blind felon can get a job as a night watchman.
Unemployment is so low today a blind felon can get a job as a night-watchman.
Unemployment is staggering.
Unemployment is states.
Unemployment is still a big issue in the area.
Unemployment is still a factor with the youth of today.
Unemployment is still a huge problem in Romania and throughout Eastern Europe.
Unemployment is still an issue.
Unemployment is still at historically low levels and inflation is negligible.
Unemployment is still high, and so are poverty and welfare dependence.
Unemployment is still high.
Unemployment is still historically low.
Unemployment is still low and the economy continues to create jobs.
Unemployment is still low, and net household worth is still at an all-time high.
Unemployment is still low, and wages across the income spectrum have risen.
Unemployment is still low.
Unemployment is still statistically negligible.
Unemployment is still surrender.
Unemployment is still too high but is dropping fast.
Unemployment is still very high.
Unemployment is super low.
Unemployment is the biggest challenge facing the community.
Unemployment is the biggest waste of money there has ever been.
Unemployment is the curse of many regional communities.
Unemployment is the dark spot in the economic picture.
Unemployment is the difference between labor force and employment by place of residence.
Unemployment is the highest in Europe.
Unemployment is the highest in Georgia.
Unemployment is the highest it has been in many years.
Unemployment is the last to come back.
Unemployment is the lowest in a generation.
Unemployment is the lowest in years.
Unemployment is the lowest it has been in a generation.
Unemployment is the lowest it has been in many, many years.
Unemployment is the lowest it has been in years.
Unemployment is the major cause of widespread poverty in South Africa.
Unemployment is the major problem on the modern reservations.
Unemployment is the most important social and economic issue in South Africa.
Unemployment is the most serious problem burdening the Finnish economy.
Unemployment is the unambiguous result.
Unemployment is too high compared with the U.S. and South East Asia.
Unemployment is too high.
Unemployment is traditionally lower here than in the rest of the country.
Unemployment is transitional or negative.
Unemployment is two and a half times higher in Catholic areas.
Unemployment is unchanged, prices fall, and output increases.
Unemployment is unimaginably bad.
Unemployment is up and the hardest hit are Canadian young people.
Unemployment is up dramatically in Europe and Japan.
Unemployment is up, and rising all the time.
Unemployment is up, payrolls are down and manufacturing is struggling.
Unemployment is up, personal income is down.
Unemployment is up.
Unemployment is useful for lowering wage rates.
Unemployment is very high among fighters, and there's a limited number of available TV dates.
Unemployment is very high and high interest rates stifle growth.
Unemployment is very high in the Kingdom.
Unemployment is very high.
Unemployment is very low and similarly employee loyalty is likewise minimal.
Unemployment is very low and that's the reason the trust funds are so flush.
Unemployment is very low in Aurora.
Unemployment is very low, and labour can be imported when absolutely necessary.
Unemployment is very low, housing costs are high, and the vacancy rate is very low.
Unemployment is very low.
Unemployment is virtually non existent.
Unemployment is virtually non-existent, and inflation is very low.
Unemployment is way down and everyone is making big bucks.
Unemployment is way down.
Unemployment is way up.
Unemployment is well above the national average.
Unemployment is widespread among the wives and most live through their families.
Unemployment is widespread and even the middle class is reduced to poverty.
Unemployment is widespread.
Unemployment is zero.
Unemployment is, to all intents and purposes, zero.
Unemployment isa state.
Unemployment jumps causing personal bankruptcies to soar.
Unemployment leads to discontent and provides the time to plan insurrection.
Unemployment means less revenue and more public expenditure.
Unemployment means little money comes into an area resulting in poor maintenance of housing.
Unemployment now occurs at all levels of employees a.
Unemployment now shows less regional variation in the UK than in many other countries.
Unemployment provides a measure of people at risk of being in financial or social distress.
Unemployment remains a major concern.
Unemployment remains a major social and economic problem.
Unemployment remains a problem in virtually all transition economies.
Unemployment remains a serious problem.
Unemployment remains a severe problem accounting for approximately one-fifth of the work force.
Unemployment remains among historic lows.
Unemployment remains at a disparate higher rate over the state average.
Unemployment remains at all-time lows.
Unemployment remains at double-digit levels.
Unemployment remains at historic lows.
Unemployment remains at or near record lows in many parts of the state.
Unemployment remains at the lowest level in thirty years.
Unemployment remains at twice the national average.
Unemployment remains at very low levels but there has been little if any wage inflation.
Unemployment remains below the national average.
Unemployment remains considerably higher in both counties than it is throughout the state.
Unemployment remains critical.
Unemployment remains extremely high for minority and disadvantaged youth.
Unemployment remains far too high in many countries.
Unemployment remains high and the previously dominant industry, coal mining, has declined.
Unemployment remains high in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Unemployment remains high in many parts of California.
Unemployment remains high in many parts of the state, including New York City's outer boroughs.
Unemployment remains high throughout the nation.
Unemployment remains high, and consumer spending low.
Unemployment remains high, but it was higher three years ago.
Unemployment remains high, however.
Unemployment remains high, particularly among the educated youth.
Unemployment remains high.
Unemployment remains higher for people of color.
Unemployment remains low and retail sales evidenced very strong final private demand.
Unemployment remains low and shows no sign increasing.
Unemployment remains low, and indications of very tight labor markets are widespread.
Unemployment remains low.
Unemployment remains relatively high.
Unemployment remains severe as corporate restructuring continues.
Unemployment remains the biggest problem.
Unemployment remains the single most important problem in East Germany.
Unemployment remains throughout the country very close to a record low.
Unemployment remains unacceptably high in about one in six central cities.
Unemployment remains unacceptably high.
Unemployment remains very low by historical measures.
Unemployment represents a loss of revenue for society.
Unemployment rises again.
Unemployment rises around the world, and the outlook remains dim.
Unemployment rises to alarming heights.
Unemployment run more than three times the county or state average.
Unemployment runs high.
Unemployment runs well above the average.
Unemployment shows a bleaker picture, as it remains high despite economic growth.
Unemployment shows large regional differences.
Unemployment sits at a record low.
Unemployment still climbs when immigration declines.
Unemployment still impacts the young.
Unemployment strikes all kinds of people from all parts of society.
Unemployment subsequently increases.
Unemployment sweeps through towns, leaving lives in upheaval.
Unemployment tends to rise during a recession.
Unemployment tends to rise, which eases wage inflation, although at a human cost.
Unemployment tends to run at about twice the national average.
Unemployment then rises, land and other resources are underused, and local needs are unmet.
Unemployment there is very low, especially in Michigan where it's only four and a half percent.
Unemployment therefore seems to have an independent causal effect on male mortality.
Unemployment thus stays in the double digits.
Unemployment typically is a lagging indicator.
Unemployment varies negatively with output.
Unemployment always increases at the beginning of summer.
Unemployment usually lags a downturn in the economy.
Most unemployment becomes problems.
Most unemployment exacerbates problems.
Some unemployment is entirely natural.
Unencrypted email is neither private nor secret.
Unencumbered appropriations lapse at the end of each biennial budget period.
Unencumbered appropriations lapse at the end of the biennium budget period.
Unencumbered property is far more desirable than one with restrictions.
Unencumbered property is preferable and generates the greatest tax benefit.
Unenforceable judgements are worthless.
Unenforced rules produce the same kind of tension and turmoil as no rules at all.
Unenlightened leadership causes an organization to gain unneeded layers of management.
Unenrolled voters can revert to their previous party affiliation by filling out a form at the polls.
Unequal alliances are well-known and understood by Black activists.
Unequal care sustains vertical transmission rate.
Unequal cleavage can occur in two ways.
Unequal combinations are always to the weaker side.
Unequal cytokinesis leads to daughter cells of different sizes.
Unequal development derives mainly from economic and political-economic forces internal to nations.
Unequal distances add interest.
Unequal distribution is a problem with flood irrigation systems.
Unequal distribution is a result of unequal, private ownership of the main means of creating wealth.
Unequal education is clearly a form of racial discrimination.
Unequal education yields unequal opportunities for success in life.
Unequal enforcement is a sign of bad law.
Unequal enforcement means that only some people ever get to see how bad the law is.
Unequal funding lies at the root of many of the problems in public schooling.
Unequal hyperopia is the leading refractive cause of amblyopia.
Unequal intervals can occur between transmitted characters.
Unequal justice is no justice under the law.
Unequal participation means unequal influence.
Unequal partners sit around the table in the game of diplomatic poker.
Unequal relationships work against the caring-one's interests.
Unequal retribution is a hard concept to defend.
Unequal size pupils.
Unequal strain causes the material to curl.
Unequal taxation is the real root of the fundamental inequality in the California economy.
Unequal weighting is accomplished by specifying the standard error associated with the y variable.
Unequipped type is also available.
Unescorted women are vulnerable to sexual harassment and verbal abuse.
Unethical actions become fraudulent when a law is violated.
Unethical behavior is a dagger in the heart.
Unethical behavior is difficult to defend.
Unethical behavior is grounds for immediate termination.
Unethical behavior is that which is bad, hurtful, or painful.
Unethical behavior is very common in organizations.
Unethical behavior works only in the short term.
Unethical communication is characterized by manipulation, coercion, arrogance and lack of empathy.
Unethical conduct has no place in the study or practice of the engineering profession.
Unethical conduct includes the failure to make a required report.
Unethical conduct is always, in the end, self-destructive.
Unethical conduct provides many places for weapons to pierce.
Unethical conduct renders a member liable to expulsion.
Unethical conduct using a computer account is inappropriate.
Some unethical operators pose as ordinary citizens to sell their cars.
Many unethical persons can pass that filter.
Unethical practices can lower stock prices when publicized.
Unethical practices undermine the system of trust that is the backbone of online auctioning.
Unethical promotion plans to avoid.
Unevaluable items come out quoted.
Uneven bases create restraint, causing the slab to crack.
Uneven browning can occur if baking on more than one rack at a time.
Uneven compliance makes producers slow at adopting labeling.
Uneven cooking can occur.
Uneven corn continues to be a problem in many areas of the state.
Uneven corn is reported in some fields, especially in the northern half of the state.
Uneven currents crackle through the walls as the pipe meanders under the floorboards, drips.
Uneven development has to be addressed.
Uneven development is evident in their special subject resources.
Uneven development is in many way the hallmark of capitalism.
Uneven distribution ensures that hunger and food insecurity persist.
Uneven distribution is also a factor.
Uneven distribution is even more marked in the developing world.
Uneven emergence can greatly reduce yield.
Uneven emergence is still obvious.
Uneven footing can make trail running hazardous, and so can diminished light in the woods.
Uneven germination can also cause problems.
Some uneven germination causes problems.
Uneven loading created by unevenly tightened head bolts can distort the head.
Uneven loading is quite likely in such operations.
Uneven maturity is reported in many fields.
Uneven numbers are the god's delight.
Uneven resistance is now a thing of the past.
Uneven terrain can add visual interest and variety in the landscape if handled properly.
Uneven torque can cause cracking.
Uneven torque can change the speed of rotation .
Uneven torque can change the speed of rotation.
Uneven walls cause materials flow variation between the large and small portions of the profile.
Uneven wear indicates tires are misaligned or out of balance.
Uneven wear indicates tyres are misaligned or out of balance.
Uneven wear is bad.
Uneven wear is caused by improperly balanced tires, or misaligned or broken suspensions.
Uneven wear reduces the useful life of a tire.
Uneventful ferry ride, and still drizzling.
Uneventful recovery is the rule.
Most unexamined fantasies are inclined to lean heavily on the past.
Unexamined messages go back to the post office.
Much unexamined residue is the result.
Unexamined theories lose their vitality or run the risk of becoming ideologies or cults.
Some unexcavated trenches are visible as slightly darker, linear stains behind the central figures.
Unexcused absence counts as a zero for laboratory assignment, quiz, laboratory exam, or final exam.
Unexcused absences are a student choice.
Unexcused absences are adequate reasons to consider failure of the course.
Unexcused absences are grounds for dismissal.
Unexcused absences are limited to one during a semester.
Unexcused absences are quite minimal.
Unexcused absences are subject to grade penalties.
Unexcused absences are unacceptable.
Unexcused absences can result in dismissal from the team.
Unexcused absences can result in progressive discipline.
Unexcused absences can result in truancy court referrals and failing grades.
Unexcused absences carry a zero for that day's discussion.
Unexcused absences count towards loss of credit.
Unexcused absences have no make-up privilege.
Unexcused absences interfere with learning and indicate a lack of commitment to a full time program.
Unexcused absences receive a zero.
Unexcused absences receive no points.
Unexcused absences result in a deduction of three attendance points.
Unexcused absences result in a grade of zero for the missed exam.
Unexcused absences result in a grade of zero on the missed quiz or mid-term.
Unexcused absences result in a total loss of credit.
Unexcused absences result in lowered quarter grades.
Any unexcused absence is unacceptable.
Any unexcused absences are likely to cause a reduction in overall grade.
Unexcused lateness can result in missing quizzes and class group projects .
Unexcused lateness can result in missing quizzes.
Unexercised options expire after a period of time, as prescribed in the stock option plan.
Any unexpanded vertex selected with the left mouse button is expanded.
Unexpected accidents slip in, and unthought of occur- rences intervene.
Unexpected advertisement can result in a dramatic increase in the attendance.
Unexpected affirmations make everyone feel positive.
Unexpected allergens can emerge from gene-recombinant technology.
Unexpected alliances are the lucky X-factors.
Unexpected allies appear, synchronistic events occur, and unimagined resources materialize.
More unexpected associations crop up.
Any unexpected balance is returned to the requester.
Unexpected bugs are found, people take vacations, and sometimes priorities have to be readjusted.
Unexpected changes abound.
Unexpected changes can sometimes call for last minute relocations.
Unexpected changes can sometimes call for last-minute reallocations.
Any unexpected change is investigated.
Many unexpected complications can cause it to be significantly longer.
Unexpected costs are another concern.
Unexpected costs are inevitable.
Unexpected costs can be far more than the cost of good management.
Unexpected cravings happen to just about every person recovering from chemical dependency.
Unexpected cultivars spring up on dumps.
Unexpected death takes longer, up to thirteen months and more.
Unexpected deaths can throw a spanner into the works at particularly inconvenient times.
Unexpected delays are opportunities to practice relaxation.
Unexpected details tend to surface in close panoramic pictures.
Unexpected detours can certainly deflate the highest spirits, so it's best to check ahead.
Unexpected developments are likely at home and at the office.
Unexpected differences suggest errors.
Unexpected disasters are an unavoidable part of the trading game.
Unexpected discharge can cause blindness.
Unexpected discoveries can lead to break throughs in our understanding of the laws of nature.
Unexpected discoveries can lead to breakthroughs in our understanding of the laws of nature.
Unexpected discoveries can lead to memorable experiences, great rewards and tremendous satisfaction.
Unexpected doors fly open, unexpected channels are free .
Unexpected doors fly open, unexpected channels are free.
Unexpected doorknob sparking only seems mysterious because of a misconception.
Unexpected downtime can mean interruptions in corporate communications and lost business.
Unexpected effects are therefore typical.
Unexpected emergencies show that space travel is still far from routine.
Unexpected emergencies strike without warning.
Unexpected events can alter the budget by unexpectedly reducing revenues or adding costs.
Unexpected events can always disrupt even the most confident predictions, however.
Unexpected events can derail the best lesson plan in the first week or any day of the year.
Unexpected events can generate much enthusiasm in the classroom.
Unexpected events can occur.
Unexpected events happen, like last week's submarine accident.
Unexpected events happen.
Unexpected events occur in the real world.
Unexpected events occur.
Unexpected expenses can easily deplete the reserve.
Unexpected expenses happen.
Unexpected experiences do come.
Unexpected failures are below the lower dotted line in the bottom right quadrant.
Unexpected failures require quick and definitive failure analysis.
Unexpected fertilizer can create zebra stripes near the property line.
Unexpected figures offer favourable assessments.
Unexpected friendships seem to develop easily and comfortably.
Unexpected gains are in the offing.
Some unexpected gains are on the cards.
Unexpected guests are the rule.
Many unexpected hazards can present themselves out on the roadways.
Unexpected humor emerges.
Unexpected illness can wipe out savings in no time.
Unexpected illness is another call for such maturation.
Unexpected inflation can decrease unemployment in three ways.
Unexpected information is ignored or twisted to fit old notions.
Unexpected interactions begin to drive implementation.
Unexpected lane changing with no signal from other drivers is common.
Unexpected lava flows threaten California.
Unexpected matches are indicative of plate contamination or clone mix-ups.
Unexpected obligations are part of our lives.
Unexpected obstacles demand immediate action to prevent disaster.
Unexpected outage is expensive and always occurs at the worst possible moment.
Unexpected pain can result from either huge setbacks or successes.
Unexpected phone calls from strangers.
Unexpected problems can take days or weeks to resolve.
Unexpected problems occur when working with browser safe color.
Unexpected promotions are likely.
Unexpected references arise through an articulate and uncanny physicality.
Unexpected repairs are an ongoing occurrence.
Unexpected research needs.
Unexpected results are likely to occur.
Unexpected results are the basis for a patent.
Unexpected results bring many concerns.
Unexpected results can affect the research project itself.
Unexpected results can occur if the root user is set to another shell, such as csh .
Unexpected retirement creates a drastic change.
Unexpected rewards are in the pipeline.
Unexpected shutdowns are what tarnished the plant's image.
Unexpected situations are a common and natural experience in the field environment.
Unexpected sports depicted include badminton, ice-skating, bowling, rodeos, and polo.
Unexpected storms arrive.
Unexpected stress is more difficult to cope with than anticipated stress.
Unexpected stuff happens.
Unexpected successes are above the upper dotted line in the top left quadrant.
Unexpected support means ongoing comfort and productivity during extended meetings.
Unexpected surprises are the best way to learn, because it means more.
Unexpected surprises change all their futures as they go out with a song.
Unexpected things are also humerous.
Unexpected things are funny.
Unexpected things can and do happen - to everyone.
Unexpected things can cause erroneous results.
Unexpected things can feel disconnected.
Unexpected things can happen either around the globe or around the corner.
Unexpected things can happen.
Unexpected things do come up.
Unexpected things do happen.
Unexpected things happen in route or around the world.
Unexpected things happen to everyone.
Unexpected things happen.
Unexpected things lurk in medical-research literature databases.
Unexpected things occur.
Many unexpected things can happen during a wilderness trip.
Many unexpected things can happen in wilderness areas and no two situations are exactly alike.
Many unexpected things can happen there.
Unexpected tragedy can bring out unrealized strengths and loyalties from unusual sources.
Many unexpected transitions are likely.
Unexpected travel is forecasted in a dream featuring a pagoda.
Unexpected turbulence can turn an ordinary airline meal into a soggy projectile.
Unexpected visits can work wonders.
Unexpected visitors drop in on the garden and birds chirping can be heard all over the place.
Unexpended amounts paid to employes at year-end are taxable.
Unexpended balances held in the capital fund are for the completion of capital projects.
Any unexpended balance is carried over to the next fiscal year.
Unexpended funds are no longer available at the end of the funding period.
All unexpended funds are to be returned at end of budget period unless granted extension.
Any unexpended funds are to be returned with the final report.
Unexplainable events take place all the time.
Unexplained absence is taken to indicate unauthorised absence.
Unexplained absences are cause for concern.
Unexplained accidents happen more than once.
Unexplained cases are simply unexplained.
Some unexplained danger threatens the girls.
Unexplained death occurs while the baby is asleep generally at night.
Unexplained deaths are ones that occur without any obvious clinical or pathological explanations.
Unexplained deaths begin to occur in the town.
Unexplained fires are a matter for the courts.
Unexplained fractures are cause for concern.
Unexplained infertility is very frustrating for patients because of the uncertainties involved.
Unexplained packets can lead to more rules to further classify the traffic.
Unexplained pain lasts for more than three days.
Unexplained paranoia threatens to drive the crew insane.
Unexplained rashes can be a result of makeup, deodorant or sunscreen mixing with sweat.
Any unexplained shortage is treated as a physical loss.
Unexplained symptoms can also be very worrying for parents.
Unexplained tiredness is oxygen deprivation in brain and other tissues.
Unexplained variation is referred to as disturbance .
Unexploded bombs are a fact of life.
Unexploded ordinance is also a major problem.
Unexploded ordinance is the reason.
Unexploded ordinance sits next to the fault.
Unexploded ordnance constitutes an additional threat.
Unexploded ordnance is a major concern.
Unexploded ordnance is categorized by the type of fill inside the munitions.
Unexploded ordnance is.
Unexplored areas are relatively easy to spot and secret doors can be located.
Unexplored caves Seems like a good level editor.
Unexpressed anger can create other problems.
Unexpressed anger can turn towards the self and lead to depression.
Unexpressed anger is often part of the picture.
Unexpressed anger tends to build up and emerge in an explosive way later on.
Unexpressed feelings are a major reason people experience difficulties.
Unexpressed feelings are a major reason why people experience difficulties.
Unexpressed feelings are a major reason why people have difficulties.
Unexpressed feelings can lead to antisocial behavior, irregular bowels, and head lice.
Unexpressed grief can lead to misplaced anger and unwarranted harshness toward others.
Unexpressed love can be deadly and tragic.
Unfaceted stones give a soft luster.
Unfailing success requires that the energy be full and the execution perfect.
Unfair bias harms the person, group and society.
Unfair competition has to be avoided.
Unfair competition is a commercial tort that evades precise definition.
Unfair competition is illegal as well and can be fought in court.
Unfair competition is the name of the game in real estate.
Unfair conduct is illegal.
Unfair discrimination is limited to race, ethnicity, religion, or creed.
Unfair discrimination stems from the latter definition mentioned earlier.
Unfair pay affects women of every race, religion, education, age or occupation.
Unfair policies threaten every student on campus.
Unfair practices are widespread and entrenched.
Many unfair programs exist in the United States.
Unfair punishment causes exasperation.
Unfair stories don t give all obvious sides a chance to comment.
Unfair things happen to good people.
Unfair trade is one of the biggest growth industries in the country.
Unfaithful men are selfish men, individualists, whose world begins and ends with themselves.
Unfaithful servants lose even what they presently possess.
Unfaithfulness can hurt a relationship.
Unfaithfulness is democratic by nature.
Unfaithfulness is harmful to society.
Unfaithfulness is quality
Unfaithfulness needs to be confessed with a committment to restore the marriage.
Unfamiliar adults rate unattractive infants as older than they actually are.
Unfamiliar challenges confront Native people who move to urban areas.
Some unfamiliar creatures undergo evolutionary radiation.
Some unfamiliar creatures undergo major evolutionary radiation.
Some unfamiliar creatures undergo radiation.
Unfamiliar economies diverge substantially and persistently.
Unfamiliar elements attract the eye.
Unfamiliar faces are simply friends waiting to be discovered.
Unfamiliar names are likely to have a shot, but only if they are willing to put in the work.
Unfamiliar situations are much more complicated for students to act out.
Some unfamiliar situations become hallmarks.
Unfamiliar songs become familiar, and songs that usually blend into discord finally become distinct.
Unfamiliar songs send some crowds running for refills.
Unfamiliar terms are in bold with a glossary included in the back of the book.
Unfamiliar terms tend to appear in incorrect answers.
Unfamiliar territory can be scary.
Unfamiliar vocabulary is at the right.
Unfamiliar vocabulary is given on the right, and a translation follows the series.
Unfamiliar vocabulary is given to the right.
Unfamiliar vocabulary is to the right and the author's own translation follows.
Unfamiliar words are difficult to speech read and interpret.
Unfamiliar words are difficult to speech read or interpret.
Any unfamiliar word is noted also so that it can be spelled the same way every time.
Most unfamiliar words used throughout the site are in there.
Unfamiliar works have the barrier of their strangeness, almost akin to fakery .
Unfastened cables tend to fall apart at critical times.
Unfathomed possibilities exist in consciousness and the flesh.
Unfavorable conditions limit size.
Most unfavorable conditions limit size.
Some unfavorable fluctuations affect performance.
Unfavorable information is kept on record for seven years, and bankruptcies remain for ten years.
Unfavorable nicknames are more common than favorable ones .
Unfavorable nicknames are more common than favorable ones.
Unfavorable symptoms are continued high fever, delirium and hemorrhage.
Unfavorable temperature produces growth.
Unfavorable temperatures produce stunted growth and poor quality vegetables.
Most unfavorable temperature produces growth.
Unfavorable weather affects seed supply.
Unfavorable weather can also cause physiological disorders or problems.
Unfavorable weather can be the only factor to bring on a bullish market.
Unfavourable conditions give .
Any unfavourable reference plunges New Delhi into gloom laced with bitter reproach.
Unfed leeches are thin, slippery, and very fast.
Unfed love dies.
Unfelt pains make a convenient entering wedge.
Unfermented cider is called sweet cider.
Some unfermented fructose is an advantage.
Unfertilised eggs produce males and fertilised eggs produce females.
Unfertilised females produce all male progeny.
Unfertilized eggs are hemizygous and develop into haploid males.
Unfertilized eggs are identifiable under the microscope by their elongated shape.
Unfertilized eggs are laid in much spacious drone cells where they develop into drones.
Unfertilized eggs become drones, while fertilized eggs become either workers or queens.
Unfertilized eggs become male, and thus remain haploid.
Unfertilized eggs become males, which are haploid .
Unfertilized eggs develop into haploid individuals, which are the males.
Unfertilized eggs develop into males only.
Unfertilized eggs develop into monoploid offsprings that develops into males.
Unfertilized eggs develop into winged male fire ants.
Unfertilized eggs go through cleavage divisions, sometimes to blastula.
Unfertilized eggs produce male larvae.
All unfertilized ova are reabsorbed by the body.
Unfertilized ovules result in missing kernels on the ear, especially at the ear tip.
Unfettered communities are no better than unfettered markets or states.
Unfettered intuition opens the gates to a flexible universe.
Unfettered software is available, and anyone who wants to can use it.
Unfilled bars correspond to negative amplitudes.
Unfilled blocks represent secondary allocations.
Unfilled carbons are the prefereed seal faces.
Unfilled crepes freeze well.
Unfilled demand is backordered.
Unfilled forms are also available through the Web.
Unfilled jobs raise inflation threats, squeeze profit margins and threaten prosperity.
Unfilled objects enable text to be seen.
Unfilled positions are a consistent dilemma.
Unfilled positions are an indication of how intense the search is for new employees.
Unfilled quadrants provide steplike sequences of exterior terraces.
Unfilled resins are desirable for desirable for transparency or lowest obtainable viscosity.
Unfilled rooms are the financial responsibility of host.
Unfilled square is the location of the rupture termination estimated by the master-event technique.
Unfiltered blood is taken from an artery, usually in the arm.
Unfiltered data are blue crosses.
Unfiltered electricity can damage the electronic components.
Unfiltered half is too dark.
Unfiltered info means more homework for all market players.
Unfiltered smoke is particularly harmful.
Unfiltered supplies are especially vulnerable to an outbreak if contamination occurs.
Unfinancial members are welcome to attend but at a much higher levy.
Unfinished agenda is long.
Unfinished basement has large home gym.
Unfinished basement provides storage space.
Unfinished boats are available at a substantially discounted price.
Unfinished bookcase Save money by buying an unfinished bookcase.
Unfinished buildings rise up from the dust along the road.
Unfinished Business can be a wonderfully bloody diversion.
Unfinished business is a big source of stress.
Unfinished business is a source of continual pressure.
Unfinished business is completed.
Unfinished business is continued until the following meeting two or three weeks later.
Unfinished business is junk.
Unfinished business is our worst business.
Unfinished business is put back on the agenda for next time.
Unfinished business is taken care of.
Unfinished business is work
Unfinished business refers to matters carried over from a previous meeting.
All unfinished business expires at the end of the second year.
All unfinished business falls to the ground when the new board is elected.
Much unfinished business remains to be addressed.
Unfinished castings go into a seperate bin for further finishing.
Unfinished compost can be phytotoxic, especially to seedlings and newly established plants.
Unfinished content is better than NO content.
Unfinished dreams can become debts, like an unpaid mortgage and final expenses.
Unfinished feelings can be positive or negative.
Unfinished flooring is still the most popular type of wood flooring.
Unfinished furniture is usually less expensive than finished furniture.
Most unfinished furniture is fine furniture constructed of solid wood.
Unfinished goals show the remaining time.
All unfinished grips come with easy to understand fitting and finishing instructions.
Unfinished models can go in the box at the end of the period.
Unfinished pages are the bane of hypertext writing.
Unfinished parquet is also available.
Unfinished portions are rough gravel.
All unfinished rentals are for a minimum of one year.
Unfinished shape is clear because full spaces are remaining.
Unfinished surfaces can remain as they are or they can also be stained or painted.
Unfinished wood is very porous, it soaks up scent real well.
Unfinished work is also late.
Unfinished work is more motivating than unstarted work.
Unfinished work shows the process and the joy of the early stroke.
Unfinished works remain private.
All unfinsihed rentals are for a minimum of one year.
Unfired munitions pose little health risk because they emit virtually no radiation.
Unfitness rates vary considerably between tenures.
Unfixed tissue has a typically distorted morphology compared to fixed sections.
Unflashed vents are also available.
Unflattened hulls are a bit noisier than pre-flattened hulls.
Unflavored tea is named after it's growing area or estate.
Unflooded plains accommodate extensive ranching and rice growing.
Many unfocused children have a tendency toward being visual learners.
Unfocused leadership causes delays which allows the competition to jump ahead.
Unfocused windows have a light gray titlebar.
Unfocussed headlights pose an awkward glare to oncoming vehicles.
Unfocussed Students freewrite at the beginning of the class about any topic that comes to mind.
Unfolded cloths pull off easily, package peels open for easy access to cloths.
Unfolded conformations are more stable than the native state of a -lytic protease.
Unfolded conformations are more stable than the native state of alpha-lytic protease.
Unfolded conformations are more stable than the native state of a-lytic protease.
Unfolded napkins reveal the entire chili pepper print.
Unforecasted demands result in short term parts shortages and backorders.
Many unforeseeable problems can arise that prevent a proposal submission from meeting the deadline.
Unforeseen accidents continue to occur.
Unforeseen circumstances can and do take place.
Unforeseen circumstances cause the sample cell to leak.
Unforeseen circumstances make it impossible to keep some promises.
Unforeseen conditions can change a short hike into an unpleasant adventure.
Unforeseen conditions come to light.
Unforeseen costs are the responsibility of the department.
Unforeseen differences can lead to long, painful court battles.
Unforeseen difficulties can arise when scaling up for production.
Some unforeseen event causes a pipe to brake.
Some unforeseen events have effects.
Some unforeseen events have negative effects.
Unforeseen expenses are always a possibility.
Unforeseen factors occurring throughout the fiscal year can affect the operating policies.
Unforeseen news can drastically alter investor perceptions and trigger tremendous market volatility.
Unforeseen obstacles are sure to arise, such as a hailstorm, or increased southerly winds.
Unforeseen opportunity is frequently a product of warfare.
Unforeseen situations are always possible with any new program.
Unforeseen situations require another form of data.
Unforeseen things can happen.
Unforeseen things do happen.
Unforgettable art is the only art that counts, that matters.
Some unforgettable characters travel the blue highways of Pike County by unconventional means.
Unforgettable journeys start with just one step.
Unforgettable performances make great gifts.
Unforgiving persons have to find ways to justify their refusal to forgive.
UnForm documents are dynamic.
Many unformatted messages are easier to read when viewed with a monospaced font, such as Monaco.
Unformatted text is text lacking graphics, without underline, color, italics, or boldface.
Unformed people delight in the gaudy and in novelty.
Unfortuantely postmasters are permanentmy overworked, but it sure is worth a try.
Unfortunate connotations can occur in other ways as well.
Some unfortunate critters fall in, drown, and are digested.
Unfortunate errors can result from quick decisions with little investigation.
Unfortunate events are just that - unfortunate events.
Many unfortunate horses are quiet and endure poor dental conditions until severe pathology develops.
Unfortunate incidents occur even in the most controlled of environments.
Some unfortunate individuals become prisoners of their own uncontrollable habits.
Unfortunate prey is bleed to death.
Most unfortunate prey is bleed to death.
Unfortunate service is often a one-time occurrence.
Unfortunate situations result when deliveries are dropped off without a clear understanding.
Unfortunate things happen at any stage of life.
Unfortunetly copying is the first and ultimate form of flattery, but a very hard one to swallow.
Many unfounded case involve both a hate motivation and another motive.
Unfounded fear is a breakdown of the cognitive connection between action and consequence.
Unfounded fears confound lives of disabled people.
Unfounded fears keep prejudiced people from acting responsibly as they interact with others.
Unfounded jealousy can ruin a marital or romantic relationship.
Unfounded optimism invites disaster.
Unfounded professions are common.
Unfounded rumors are terrible for morale.
Unfounded rumors suggest a tryst afterward.
Unfounded suspicion argues a wicked mind.
Unfractionated heparin is a fairly heterogenous molecule.
Unfractionated heparin is particularly advantageous because it is easier to dose.
Unfractured granite is an aquiclude.
Unframed options are also available.
Unframed prints are also available at a lower cost.
Some unframed prints are available for several hundred dollars.
All unframed product is shipped rolled and inserted into a shipping tube as shown below.
Unfriendly people are always boring and never fun to work with.
Unfriendly states can also magnify a danger in order to gain attention and the response they seek.
Unfulfilled desire becomes neurosis, and that can develop into psychosis.
Unfulfilled desire is as key to action novels as it is romance novels.
Unfulfilled desires are still worse.
Unfulfilled desires produce unease and anxiety.
Unfulfilled expectation is the greatest cause of unhappiness.
Unfulfilled expectations are a leading cause of pet relinquishment, so make an informed decision.
Unfulfilled expectations cause change.
Unfulfilled needs create physical and energetic tension until they are relieved or satisfied.
Unfulfilled needs supersede any other activity in the human until they are met.
Unfulfilled plans are always a ready excuse for drinking.
Unfulfilled prophecy has the potential of various perspectives and meanings.
Unfulfilled tasks cause a project to fail and fingers to start pointing.
Unfulfilled vows are detrimental to one s spiritual growth, as well as being unlawful.
Unfunded mandates are a constant problem for local governments.
Unfunded mandates are the lesser of the problems.
Unfunded mandates place an undue burden on local government.
Unfunded plans offer employees the lowest level of security.
Unfunded projects are at pilot stage with identifiable plans for funding or in-kind support.
Unfunded research performed in the shop is supported by the dept.
Unfunded studies are eligible for fee waiver consideration.
Unfunded trusts are also private.
Unfurnished apartments are also available at much lower prices.
Unfurnished apartments are also available.
Unfurnished apartments are available for graduate students and their families.
Unfurnished apartments are available on a yearly basis up to a maximum of three years.
Unfurnished apartments have the kitchen basics but no other furniture.
Unfurnished places are difficult to find.
All unfurnished rentals require minimum six-month lease.
Unfurnished units are available for annual or semi-annual leases.
Unfurnished units cost less than furnished ones.
Ungerminated seeds remain viable for several years in the soil.
Unglamorous characters present knowledge and wisdom.
Unglazed clay is probably the best material for containers.
Unglazed items are particularly vulnerable.
Unglazed kaolin is used to form eyes and teeth.
Unglazed porcelain is a wonderful material for mosaics although the color selection is limited.
Unglazed porcelains are available in larger sizes for commercial flooring.
Unglazed pottery is rough to the touch.
Unglazed stoneware is among the oldest known mediums for cooking.
Ungodly men flatter themselves that their prosperity and preservation come from their own hand.
Ungraded assignments ask students to share their understanding of the course material.
Ungraded homework is checked on the day it is due.
Ungraded homework is due on the day it is checked.
Ungrateful drivers suck.
Ungrateful fans get greedy.
Ungroomed trails are free here.
Ungroomed trails are free.
Ungroomed trees have messy fruit drop with many seedlings.
Ungrounded conductors can generate and hold static charges.
Ungrounded junction is available at special request.
Ungrounded system raise an unrelated concern with overvoltages from uncleared ground faults.
Ungual phalanges truncate to rounded.
Ungual phalanges truncate.
Unguarded area is when the death is out of the responsibility of lifeguards.
Unguarded machinery can result in crushed hands and arms, severed fingers, blindness, even death.
Unguarded power take-offs can grab clothing, causing horrific injuries and death.
Unguided rides can be big moneymakers for some stables.
Unguided riding is also available.
Unguided searches can be a big time waster for students in a class.
Unguided tours are available year-round.
Unguided tours are free.
Unguided visits are free.
Ungulate grazing is an integral part of forest development in the Netherlands.
Ungulate mammals belong to families.
Ungulate mammals belong to taxonomic families.
Most ungulate mammals belong to families.
Most ungulate mammals belong to taxonomic families.
Some ungulate mammals chew cuds.
An ungulate is a mammal
Ungulate isa mammal.
Ungulates account for the vast majority of large herbivores currently on earth.
Ungulates are any animal that possesses hooves.
Ungulates are hoofed mammals from two orders, artiodactyla and perissodactyla.
Ungulates are mammals with hoofs, like horses and deer.
Ungulates are mammals with hooves.
Ungulates are mammals.
Ungulates are native to every continent except Antarctica and Australia.
Ungulates are placentals.
Ungulates consume foliage.
Ungulates consume red foliage.
Ungulates eat grass.
Ungulates experience weather.
Ungulates have (part) brains.
Ungulates have (part) breasts.
Ungulates have (part) cannon bones.
Ungulates have (part) cell membranes.
Ungulates have (part) cells.
Ungulates have (part) chest cavities.
Ungulates have (part) chests.
Ungulates have (part) corpi.
Ungulates have (part) cytoplasm.
Ungulates have (part) ears.
Ungulates have (part) faces.
Ungulates have (part) heads.
Ungulates have (part) hip sockets.
Ungulates have (part) hoofs.
Ungulates have (part) nuclei.
Ungulates have (part) piluses.
Ungulates have (part) plasma membranes.
Ungulates have (part) rib cages.
Ungulates have (part) sections.
Ungulates have (part) skulls.
Ungulates have (part) sterna.
Ungulates have (part) vacuoles.
Ungulates have a special foot anatomy.
Ungulates have alimentary canals.
Ungulates have canals.
Ungulates have hoofs.
Ungulates have mandibles.
Ungulates have roles.
Ungulates have senses.
Ungulates have stomachs.
Ungulates inhabit terrains.
Ungulates produce manure.
Ungulates share habitats.
Ungulates use energy.
All Ungulates walk on the tip of their toes, or hoofs.
Most ungulates consume red foliage.
Most ungulates develop a chronic long-term wasting disease, as seen in infected domestic cattle.
Most ungulates eat grass.
Most ungulates give birth to young that are able to walk and run within a few hours after birth.
Most ungulates have alimentary canals.
Most ungulates have canals.
Most ungulates have hoofs.
Most ungulates have mandibles.
Most ungulates have roles.
Most ungulates have senses.
Most ungulates produce manure.
Most ungulates use energy.
Some ungulates adapt to life.
Some ungulates are distinguished by toes.
Some ungulates are member of families.
Some ungulates destroy vegetation.
Some ungulates eat plants.
Some ungulates find protection in herds as they graze throughout the year.
Some ungulates have humps.
Some ungulates live in zoos.
Some ungulates show variation.
Unhandled events have zero cost and handled events have a small cost.
An unhappiness is feeling
Unhappinesses are emotional states.
All unhappiness is caused by comparison.
All unhappiness is due to unsatisfied desires.
Some unhappiness is foreseen, a separation from a loved one or a split in a partnership.
Unhappy answer is, both.
Unhappy bellies lead to lack of familial harmony, and familial harmony leads to ruined holidays.
Unhappy clients are the fertilizer from which malpractice claims sprout.
Unhappy clients are the worst advertisement anyone can have, whatever the business.
Unhappy clients mean lost business.
Unhappy clients pass the word around.
Unhappy collectors lack such inhibitions.
Unhappy consequences are an unavoidable risk of human life.
Unhappy couples argue or have little to say.
Unhappy couples play musical beds in a misguided search for sexual adventure.
Unhappy couples tend to walk apart, look away from each other and communicate in short sentences.
Unhappy customers are always a concern.
Unhappy customers can voice their frustrations publicly.
Unhappy customers have very big mouths, and very fast fingers.
Unhappy customers like to tell others how unhappy they are.
Unhappy customers spread criticism to their friends and are less likely to pay their bills.
Unhappy customers tend to tell others about their experiences far more frequently than happy ones.
Unhappy customers tip the scales against a business.
Unhappy employees can wreak havoc on a business.
Unhappy families are alike, particularly when they split up.
Many unhappy families have bucket and dipper problems.
Unhappy folk can make cows dry up and crops fail.
Unhappy heroes can find themselves, through personal crisis, and in doing so find happiness.
Unhappy homes affect the whole child negatively.
Unhappy honeymooners Let's begin with the complaint.
Unhappy kids are boring and stereotyped like the unnecessary first parents.
Unhappy lawyers make terrible lawyers.
Unhappy love is just a metaphor for our yearning for the screen Eden.
Unhappy marriages are a common feature of many interdiction files.
Unhappy ones use the silent treatment, criticize bitterly and view each other with contempt.
Unhappy opponents are always a concern.
Unhappy partners exchange negative non-verbal behaviors.
Unhappy people are also more likely to smoke.
Unhappy people have an unfortunate habit of sharing their unhappiness.
Unhappy people make unhappy lawyers.
Most unhappy people are unthankful people.
Some unhappy people imagine they are being tormented by evil spirits.
Unhappy residents can go to the environmental appeal board after approval is granted.
Unhappy soldiers lead to military coups.
Some unhappy souls are both at once.
Unhappy suppliers are an indirect cost to the firm.
Unhappy things begin happening.
Unhappy users lead to unhappy programmers.
Some unhappy women see daughters.
Unhappy workers can be just as much a hacker threat as anonymous, outside hackers.
Unharvested crops are hard to protect.
Unharvested fruit remaining on the tree after leaf fall creates a very decorative effect.
Unhatched chicks move their heads, open and close their beaks, and even make pecking movements.
Unhatched eggs are an easy target for humans and small mammals along nesting sites.
Unhatched eggs are opaque, while hatched eggs are clear and flat.
Unhatched eggs can break, and nestlings can die, and rot or attract pests.
Unhatched eggs have a dark area within the shell while hatched eggs are transparent.
Unhealed grief can lead to depression, discomfort in close relationships and even unexplained anger.
Unhealed wounds erupt from vituperation.
Unhealed wounds increase the chance of insect attacks and fungal decay.
Unhealthful diet is likely to be a major contributor to the conditions noted above.
Unhealthy adults have trouble feeding their families.
Unhealthy animals come from unhealthy conditions.
Unhealthy animals mean unhealthy food and unhealthy human beings.
Unhealthy bats can also suffer from ectoparasites.
Unhealthy boundaries can allow abuse to continue.
Many unhealthy cells form too much tissue.
Unhealthy channels are thought to cause disease.
Unhealthy commitments assume that one person is responsible for the other person's happiness.
Some unhealthy conditions cause problems.
Some unhealthy conditions cause sleep problems.
Unhealthy control has lasting costs.
Unhealthy dependencies are long term and create increasing dependency rather than independency.
Unhealthy diets are especially dangerous.
Unhealthy diets lead to diseases.
Unhealthy diets lead to liver diseases.
Unhealthy diets play roles.
Most unhealthy diets lead to diseases.
Most unhealthy diets lead to liver diseases.
Most unhealthy diets play roles.
Unhealthy digestion leads to an unhealthy life.
Unhealthy eating is very common during the holidays.
Unhealthy environments cost money.
Unhealthy exposure can occur through fume inhalation, ingestion, or direct contact with skin.
Unhealthy faith is used to avoid reality and responsibility.
Unhealthy fantasies can lead to problems.
Unhealthy fat abounds in such foods as french fries, potato chips, and salad dressings.
Unhealthy foods cause a reaction.
Some unhealthy food increases cellular inflammation.
Some unhealthy food increases inflammation.
Unhealthy guilt leaves the person defensive and vulnerable to a break down of self-esteem.
Unhealthy gums bleed easily.
Some unhealthy habits contribute to epidemic obesity.
Some unhealthy habits contribute to obesity.
Most unhealthy houses contain all three.
Unhealthy kids become unhealthy adults.
Unhealthy mucus is cloudy, thick, and sticky.
Unhealthy oceans hold hidden dangers for everyone.
Unhealthy ones lead to serious disease.
Unhealthy people associate with unhealthy people, healthy associate with healthy.
Unhealthy people cost a lot to keep alive.
Unhealthy perfectionists consider their mistakes a sign of personal defects.
Unhealthy perfectionists score high in both strivings and concerns.
Unhealthy plants are generally more susceptible to pests and disease.
Unhealthy plants have the ability to send out distress signals that lure insects in for the kill.
Unhealthy plants produce flowers.
Unhealthy plants produce male flowers.
Unhealthy plants produce poor-quality fruit.
Most unhealthy plants produce flowers.
Most unhealthy plants produce male flowers.
Unhealthy portables are a district maintenance problem.
Unhealthy pulp is removed.
Unhealthy relationships build character.
Unhealthy salads lurk everywhere.
Unhealthy sheep reproduce unhealthy sheep, and healthy sheep reproduce healthy sheep.
Unhealthy soil suffers high storm erosion, loss of organic materials and vital organisms.
Unhealthy sperm fail to penetrate the membrane, resulting in infertility.
Unhealthy stress inhibits our ability to interact productively.
Unhealthy symptoms are, in fact, manifestations of improper qi .
Unhealthy symptoms are, in fact, manifestations of improper qi.
Unhealthy vegetation appears in shades of pink, blue, or white.
Unheard cries turn to aggression.
Unheated pool has overflowing feature but can be heated.
Unheated sensors have one or two wires.
Unheated water enters one side of the tank.
All unheddled threads are below the fixed heddled ones.
Unhelmeted riders are three times more likely to incur severe brain injuries.
All unhighlighted text is displayed as standard roman.
All unhighlighted verse is displayed as standard roman.
Unholy anger comes from pride and desires the injury of another.
Unholy sex is everything else.
Unholy spirits are always ready to infest and infect.
Unhulled millet is the best sprouter.
Unhurried meals bring back the pleasure of dining.
Unhydrated gums are non-functional in food systems.
Uniaxial pressing is limited to simple shapes.
Uniaxial stress is handled just like any other stress situation.
Unicameral legislatures comprise a single, popularly-elected chamber.
Unicasted traffic is destined for a unique address.
Unicellular algas find in water.
Many unicellular algae are symbionts in animals.
Most unicellular algae are haploid but diatoms are diploid.
Some unicellular eukaryotes have complex internal structures.
Some unicellular eukaryotes have complex structures.
Some unicellular eukaryotes have internal structures.
Some unicellular eukaryotes have structures.
Unicellular eukaryotic organisms include amoebas.
Unicellular forms exhibit fission while filamentous multicellular forms exhibit fragmentation.
Unicellular glands are known as mucous cells or goblet cells.
Unicellular microbes are the simplest independent forms of life on Earth.
Unicellular organisms are as such difficult to be classified into animals and plant categories.
Unicellular organisms are bacteria, archaea, and eukaryotes - anything made up of a single cell.
Unicellular organisms are categorized as prokaryotes and multicellular under eukaryotes.
Unicellular organisms are composed of one simple cell.
Unicellular organisms are immortal.
Unicellular organisms are invisible to the naked eye.
Unicellular organisms are made up of one cell.
Unicellular organisms are made up of only one cell.
Unicellular organisms are made up of single cell only.
Unicellular organisms are often times less complex or adaptive as multicellular.
Unicellular organisms are single celled and self sufficient as the name signifies itself.
Unicellular organisms are small are mostly invisible to the naked eye.
Unicellular organisms are typically smaller and less advanced.
Unicellular organisms are ubiquitous to most environments on Earth.
Unicellular organisms are very different from multicellular organisms.
Unicellular organisms are very simple but they can carry out life.
Unicellular organisms can be innocuous to humans, but they are also responsible for diseases.
Unicellular organisms can reproduce faster and in greater numbers.
Unicellular organisms can use flagella, cilia, or pseudopods for motility.
Unicellular organisms carry out all functions of life.
Unicellular organisms carry out all specialized functions within a single cell.
Unicellular organisms consist of one general cell under which all activities are housed.
Unicellular organisms do quite well.
Unicellular organisms eat using a processes called phagocytosis.
Unicellular organisms exhibit holozoic type of nutrition.
Unicellular organisms face many unique challenges.
Unicellular organisms have a cytoskeleton that provides structural support.
Unicellular organisms have cell membranes.
Unicellular organisms have greater surface area to volume ratio.
Unicellular organisms have membranes.
Unicellular organisms have one parents, and the multi-cellular organisms have two parents.
Unicellular organisms have porous membranes.
Unicellular organisms have their own specific role to play in the unique ecosystem of nature.
Unicellular organisms include amoebas.
Unicellular organisms live in environments.
Unicellular organisms perform almost all life functions as individuals.
Unicellular organisms produce biomass.
Unicellular organisms reproduce asexually by the process of binary fission or budding.
Unicellular organisms reproduce through cell division.
Unicellular organisms use cell reproduction to reproduce period.
Most unicellular organisms are microscopic, but some are visible to the naked eye.
Most unicellular organisms are of microscopic size and are thus classified as microorganisms.
Most unicellular organisms have cell membranes.
Most unicellular organisms have membranes.
Most unicellular organisms have porous membranes.
Most unicellular organisms live in environments.
Most unicellular organisms produce biomass.
Some unicellular organisms are said to segregate salts of strontium from sea-water.
Some unicellular organisms are sensitive to light.
Some unicellular organisms do interact when they combine briefly for reproduction.
Some unicellular prokaryotes have cell walls.
Some unicellular prokaryotes have walls.
Many unicellular protists live in colonies together.
Unicellular rhizoids are formed on the under surface.
Some unicellular structures are formed by meiosis.
Most Unicode blocks are a single sector, or a part of a sector.
Some Unicode characters contain more than one accent.
Some Unicode characters translate into single bytes, others into pairs or triplets of bytes.
Unicode charts has all the unicode characters for letters in any language, symbols and signs.
Unicode compatibility is unknown.
Unicode escapes are now always have four hex digits.
Unicode fonts are ready for download.
Some Unicode fonts use a different character set than others.
Unicode names try to describe each character with a certain consistent logic.
Unicode standard has a number of direction-related provisions.
Unicode standards support translation in Non-Western languages.
Unicode standardization is by no means a purely altruistic effort.
Unicode support is available in many operating systems and applications.
Unicode support is part of the project's overall commitment to internationalization.
Unicode support is widespread.
Unicode text is usually easier to process than text in other encodings.
Unicorn bags provide a perfect environment for fungi growth.
Unicorn beetles are relatively rare.
Unicorn darts are hard to find.
Unicorn foals are born pure gold in colour.
Unicorn foals are pure gold.
Unicorn hoofs are golden.
Unicorn reports allow for different kinds of global changes, but they are limited.
Unicorn skulls bring dreams.
Unicorn solutions boost client competitive edge.
Unicorn water is the water that has been drank out of by a unicorn.
An unicorn is imagination
Unicorn isa imagination.
Unicorns act as guides through the wonderland of the lunar landscape.
Unicorns are a symbol of dreams, romance and passion.
Unicorns are a whole different ballgame.
Unicorns are also able to detect virgins.
Unicorns are animals.
Unicorns are capable of moving faster than werewolves .
Unicorns are carriage.
Unicorns are difficult to see.
Unicorns are equines.
Unicorns are extinct and pixies are dead.
Unicorns are immune to all poisons and to charm and hold spells or abilities.
Unicorns are more prevalent than Bibles, as it is.
Unicorns are mystical horses with horns that have power to purify water and heal people.
Unicorns are part of blessings.
Unicorns are perfect, therefore they exist.
Unicorns Are Real.
Unicorns are the subject of many art works from ancient and medieval times.
Unicorns Click on a picture to send it as a postcard Go ahead.
Unicorns exist in literature, in myth, and in our imagination.
Unicorns have manes like a horse.
Unicorns have three forms.
Unicorns is called a blessing.
Unicorns live in places like Europe, Asia and India.
Unicorns prefer a woman's touch.
Unicorns reveal themselves in dreams.
Unicorns roam the forests, eating buttercups.
Unicorns speak Sylvan and Common.
Unicorns symbolize piety and virtue.
All unicorns are mammals.
All unicorns are one-horned animals.
Every unicorn is a unicorn.
Some unicorns are animals.
Some unicorns are eaten by lions.
Some unicorns can be very tall.
Unicorporated proteins accumulate in the interspore matrix, the space between neighboring spores.
An unicycle is a container
An unicycle is a vehicle
Unicycle advocates freedom of speech on the Internet.
Unicycle is a hybrid online record label.
Unicycles are vehicles.
Unicycles have a single tire, the rider of which is either on or off.
Unidentifiable effects orbit the melodic framework.
Unidentifiable makers mark with shield on left side of breech.
Unidentifiable makers stamp on the inner cover of the box.
Unidentifiable wastes are extremely costly or impossible to dispose of.
Unidentified correspondence is housed immediately after the alphabetical correspondence files.
Unidentified deficiencies can cause significant failure and accidents.
Unidentified employees extract co-worker s head from supervisor's ass.
Some unidentified graves remain.
Unidentified inferences are very problematical.
Unidentified items have a blue shading over their icons.
Unidentified letters are at the end.
Unidentified man acts out theft of chafing dish and resulting imprisonment.
Unidentified man reading newspaper, ca.
Unidentified messages are of little use.
Unidentified person invents the gas plant station meter for gas volumes distributed.
Unidentified persons enter students' rooms, grab a wallet or CDs and disappear.
Unidentified quotes create confusion.
Unidentified requirements are still requirements.
Unidentified substances present a major problem for both storage and disposal.
Unidentified works are other recent paintings.
Unidimensional concepts are generally easier to understand.
Unidirectional flow is actually more efficient.
Unidirectional flow prevents heat exchange.
Unidirectional links are a priori a special case of asymmetric links.
Unidirectional links are exceedingly likely in tactical networks.
Unidirectional links are great for everything else.
Unidirectional links are trivial to map.
Unidirectional links can cause a variety of problems, including spanning tree topology loops.
Unidirectional links can cause a variety of problems, including spanning-tree topology loops.
Unidirectional microphones pick up loudest on the front side.
Unidirectional surface flows dominate most of the year.
Unidirectional traversal is a presentation choice, like bold.
Unification affects the sort of a variable by intersecting it with another one's.
Unification also allows pipe ranks to be played from more than one manual and the pedals.
Unification approaches reality as the exactness of each asserted truth is realized.
Unification can be the only aim regarding Korea.
Unification can come through the vertical standard.
Unification comes from the liberation from the false love, life and blood lineage.
Unification Complete the definitions for unifier , and unifier-var .
Unification descends the player onto an isolated, lonely world that is anything but barren.
Unification descends upon an isolated, lonely world that is anything but barren.
Unification gathers entities into wholeness.
Unification has a central common purpose.
Unification has a lot to do with the growing appeal.
Unification helps Lithuania fend off German crusaders.
Unification is an union
Unification is another wonderful word and concept.
Unification is based on syntactic identity.
Unification is driven by economics.
Unification is enhanced also by their commingled work of rearing.
Unification is essentially the unification of the invisible mind.
Unification is impossible.
Unification is irrelevant to users who acquire software that properly meets their needs.
Unification is of concave and convex.
Unification is on the way.
Unification is one thing, and stability in Northeast Asia is another thing.
Unification is the binding of X with each name in succession.
Unification is the goal.
Unification is the key to having the best school in the nation.
Unification is the next logical step.
Unification is the primitive operation supported by the system.
Unification is the synactic solution of equations and is an integral part of rewriting in general.
Unification is the ultimate goal of the Korean people.
Unification is trivial.
Unification is very important.
Unification means making two or more parts as one.
Unification means that the individual purpose is accomplished centering on the purpose of the whole.
Unification means to reign and administer from a single point.
Unification provides the actual matching.
Unification remains a work in progress.
Unification repeatedly specializes it.
Unification requires a large sum of money.
Unification serves only to confuse.
Unification starts with the family, because man and woman are the origin of every affair.
Unification takes about five years.
Unification thus provides a way to perform a consistency check on lexical descriptions.
Unification works on lists just as it works on other data structures.
Unifications are rare at best.
Many Unificationist couples place great emphasis on their children.
Unified accounts are already in use by students so no password information is necessary.
Unified action can only occur once core values are defined and agreed upon.
Unified action is a different approach.
Unified communications is just that.
Unified courses containing the subjects listed above are acceptable.
Unified credit appears twice, once for gift taxes and again for estate taxes.
Unified directories eliminate redundancy which lowers management costs.
Unified districts have both elementary and secondary grades.
Unified dress makes members of the group recognizable outside of the assembly.
Unified families adapt to stress and change.
Unified fields are scientific reality.
Unified Gaming offers casino games with progressive jackpots.
Unified government paves way for reconstruction.
Unified interface enables cooperating applications.
Unified management addresses the challenge of managing both network security and Web performance.
Unified messaging allows employees to work from anywhere and still be responsive to customers needs.
Unified messaging allows users to access email, voicemail and faxes across platforms.
Unified messaging can bring phone, email and fax to the same place on a desktop.
Unified messaging can reduce messaging costs in several ways.
Unified messaging exists today in call centres up and down the country.
Unified messaging is a rapidly growing market.
Unified messaging is another area where voice applications are making themselves heard.
Unified messaging is available.
Unified messaging is new and exciting because it has promised to be a messaging cure-all.
Unified messaging is overhyped and poorly understood.
Unified messaging is touted as a lifesaver for end users swimming in messages.
Unified messaging means convenience.
Unified messaging provides the single mailbox, which integrates voicemail, fax, and email.
Unified messaging puts all of an employee's e-mail, faxes and voicemail into a central inbox.
Unified messaging reduces the chaos created by numerous converging messaging systems.
Unified messaging remains elusive.
Unified packaging helps consumers make faster, easier and more confident selections.
Unified parties send clearer cues to their voters.
Unified program means that all partners are part of the same ecosystem and enjoy the same branding.
More unified protocols regarding monitoring are forthcoming.
Unified regulation appears reasonable from a consumer standpoint as well.
Unified students have an option to pursue dual certification in elementary and special education.
Unified themes excite the child and maximize teaching efforts.
Uniform accelerations require uniform forces.
All uniform colors are gray and black.
Uniform continuity is a useful way to characterize certain functions.
Uniform distribution ensures that the edges of an image are bright and clear.
Uniform distribution is achieved using a pressure distribution system.
Uniform distribution is essential to prevent light and dark streaks across the lawn.
Uniform distribution is still important.
Uniform flow is extremely difficult to maintain with some grass seeds.
Uniform flow is possible only in a channel of constant cross section and gradient.
Uniform law avoids the uncertainties connected with the use of conflict of laws rules.
Uniform laws bolster the integrity of computer networks by discouraging cybercrime.
Uniform motion is difficult to detect.
Uniform number is a disambiguation page.
Uniform numbers are as given in the media guides.
Uniform numbers are subject to change.
Uniform officers have duties.
Uniform officers have general duties.
Uniform officers include city police.
Uniform officers include police.
Uniform officers respond to calls.
Most uniform officers have duties.
Most uniform officers have general duties.
Most uniform officers respond to calls.
Uniform peace officers include city police.
Uniform peace officers include police.
Uniform police officers have duties.
Uniform police officers have general duties.
Uniform police officers respond to calls.
Some uniform policies are quite ridiculous.
Uniform scale is a proportionate transformation.
Uniform scaling is the default scaling setting.
Uniform spaces provide the common thread that connects normed spaces and topological groups.
Uniform titles are optional.
Uniform titles are usually unnecessary for such works.
An uniform is a clothing
Uniform assessments mandatory.
Uniform bounds for a class of algebraic mappings.
Uniform celeb for.
Uniform combine residue distribution becomes much more important under conservation tillage.
Uniform consists of approved scrubs, lab coat, shoes, watch with a second hand, and a stethoscope.
Uniform does makes students look unique, and order, however, it is only something outside.
Uniform finishing throughout the job helps to ensure more uniform stain penetration.
Uniform flows, gradually varying flows, rapid transitions, and hydraulic jumps in open channels.
Uniform is white, red, red .
Uniform isa clothes.
Uniform isa clothing.
Uniform look and feel across interfaces.
Uniform look for the whole site by the use of templates and include files.
Uniform look to enhance brand awareness and prevent misuse.
Uniform looks and feel.
Uniform rooting medium surface area is essential.
Uniform stresses on bone cause uniform growth and repair .
Uniforms actually make it easier for non-students to sneak into school.
Uniforms allow customers to quickly identify employees for assistance.
Uniforms also alleviate issues of socioeconomic difference, peer pressure and competition.
Uniforms also bridge differences between students and families of widely disparate income levels.
Uniforms also can build a sense of school pride.
Uniforms also can make negative statements.
Uniforms also help eliminate distractions to the learning process.
Uniforms also improve the academic environment by removing a distraction from the classroom.
Uniforms also place more importance on education.
Uniforms also tend to reduce a family's clothing budget.
Uniforms are a common way that people are unified in our everyday experience.
Uniforms are a good investment.
Uniforms are a part of cadet daily life.
Uniforms are a probilility.
Uniforms are a side issue that is only a part of the picture.
Uniforms are a way to encourage unity within the school and promote neatness.
Uniforms are a way to shelter kids from that.
Uniforms are accurate, but the players look a bit washed out and their animations are a bit jumpy.
Uniforms are an easy way to show who is helping.
Uniforms are another matter entirely.
Uniforms are antithetical to teaching people how to make choices.
Uniforms are attire.
Uniforms are available as a shell top and skirt , or in a jumper .
Uniforms are available at the volunteer office.
Uniforms are available for purchase through the instructor.
Uniforms are available for purchase through the school.
Uniforms are available from a local supplier.
Uniforms are available in Bleached or Unbleached and come in Single or Double weave.
Uniforms are available in one or two piece styles.
Uniforms are available through the instructor.
Uniforms are cheaper.
Uniforms are clothing.
Uniforms are counterproductive in finding a solution to the gang problem.
Uniforms are custom made light polo shirts and cycling shorts.
Uniforms are easily affordable.
Uniforms are easy to get.
Uniforms are even worse.
Uniforms are evil.
Uniforms are for the young and stalwart.
Uniforms are hard to come by as are weapons.
Uniforms Are Here Our uniforms are in and they'll be given out at our next practice.
Uniforms are in but emphasize comfort over formality.
Uniforms are in place, of course.
Uniforms are inexpensive.
Uniforms are mandatory in all elementary and middle schools.
Uniforms are mandatory in Long Beach, California, middle schools.
Uniforms are most often a middle school issue.
Uniforms are no panacea.
Uniforms are only to be worn by squad members selected in an official tryout process.
Uniforms are optional for students in pre-kindergarten through fourth grade.
Uniforms are optional, but teams are encouraged to wear the same color shirt.
Uniforms are optional.
Uniforms are our specialty.
Uniforms are outfits.
Uniforms are over.
Uniforms are perfect.
Uniforms are practical and attractive.
Uniforms are red for all teams composed of players six years old and above.
Uniforms are regimental, militaristic, and faceless.
Uniforms are required at school.
Uniforms are short and tight.
Uniforms are simply one piece of the entire picture of school reform in Long Beach Unified.
Uniforms are socially and economically smart.
Uniforms are strongly encouraged and can usually be worn for several years.
Uniforms are the answer.
Uniforms are the official yellow T-shirts and navy blue skirts for girls and navy pants for boys.
Uniforms are to be clean, pressed, and properly worn.
Uniforms are to be cleaned upon return.
Uniforms are to be kept clean and in good repair.
Uniforms are to be kept in good condition and clean at all times.
Uniforms are to be matching shirts with number on back.
Uniforms are to be of a similar color and numbered on at least one side.
Uniforms are to be presentable at all times.
Uniforms are to be purchased before the first day of classes.
Uniforms are to be purchased or made by the band members.
Uniforms are to be washed in cold water and are to be air dried.
Uniforms are to be worn on opening day.
Uniforms are undoubtably a touchy topic.
Uniforms are useful here to create physical and mental boundaries that neither side wish to cross.
Uniforms are very conservative.
Uniforms are voluntary.
Uniforms are well-fitting, unlikeprevious homemade versions.
Uniforms are wonderful.
Uniforms are wool.
Uniforms become the personal property of the employee.
Uniforms can be a big trouble.
Uniforms can be erotic and inspire fear.
Uniforms can be positive when coupled with other reforms.
Uniforms can be silk screened, embroidered, and custom designed.
Uniforms can cut one off from all hope of socializing, and sadly, give up altogether.
Uniforms can foster a oneness that nurtures a feeling of belonging to something outside of oneself.
Uniforms can last three years barring a sudden growth spurt or carelessness.
Uniforms come in different brands and different weights of material.
Uniforms come in different weights.
Uniforms consist of company-supplied ties and aprons over white shirts and black pants.
Uniforms consist of similar colored shirts.
Uniforms consist of sturdy cotton shorts and jerseys, with matching rugby socks.
Uniforms contribute to higher academic achievement.
Uniforms convey a storybook theme, yet are practical, functional and contemporary.
Uniforms cost as much as the bicycle.
Uniforms eliminate morning arguments and indecision over what to wear.
Uniforms emerge from the garment tunnel finisher.
Uniforms encourage team spirit.
Uniforms enjoy a high level of community support.
Uniforms establish identity, both for the wearer and for the public.
Uniforms exist in small towns, suburbs and cities such as Chicago and New York City.
Uniforms fit too snug for comfort.
Uniforms Follow the link for information on exchanges and returns.
Uniforms foster a sense of pride and belonging.
Uniforms get credit for decrease in discipline problems.
Uniforms give children a sense of belonging and pride in their schools.
Uniforms go in band room and put in piles.
Uniforms have (part) sections.
Uniforms have a way of equalizing things.
Uniforms have changes since the photograph.
Uniforms have details.
Uniforms have sleeve.
Uniforms help create unity at a school and a sense of community.
Uniforms help school officials recognize intruders who come to school.
Uniforms help take some of that pressure off.
Uniforms immediately announce the presence of police officers.
Uniforms is what it comes down to.
Uniforms make everyone equal.
Uniforms offer our children a singular identity with a common goal - learning.
Uniforms pass on wheels Knowing when and where the salt water flows.
Uniforms place more emphasis on the person inside than the clothes they are wearing.
Uniforms play a large role in the auxiliary.
Uniforms positively affect school discipline.
Uniforms prevent the application of subjective dress standards.
Uniforms promote equality and a sense of community, so students can focus on schoolwork.
Uniforms Provides parents the opportunity to buy and sell used uniforms.
Uniforms purchased directly from an outside vendor are subject to sales tax.
Uniforms range from simple jumpsuits to elaborate composites of vinyl and animal parts.
Uniforms represent more than just a body cover.
Uniforms represent the aesthetic values of a limited body of people.
Uniforms seem to be solving problems.
Uniforms seem to in a way, raise the level of respect that everyone has for each other in the class.
Uniforms send a message and remind students that they are in school.
Uniforms serve a number of very useful purposes.
Uniforms tend to be casual.
Uniforms tend to be favored by teachers and parents.
Uniforms translate as burgundy tops and black pants or skirts.
Uniforms always gives the aura of professionalism.
All uniform is provided free of charge, as are uniform cleaning vouchers.
All uniforms are in good to excellent condition.
All uniforms are to be clean and boots to be polished.
All uniforms are to be kept clean at all times.
All uniforms are to be returned upon termination of employment.
All uniforms orange unless otherwise noted.
Many uniforms are on display.
More uniform going in is more uniform going out.
Most uniforms come already camouflaged.
Most uniforms have details.
Most uniforms have different logos and colors to tell which team is which.
Most uniforms have different logos and colours to tell which team is which.
Most uniforms used are black and white or all black.
Some uniforms are impressive some comical.
Some uniforms are worn by soldiers.
Some uniforms consist of black coats.
Some uniforms consist of coats.
Some uniforms consist of hood coats.
Uniformed agents inspect bags and screen people.
Uniformed agents provide information and reservations for buses, shared-ride vans and limousines.
Uniformed guards are powerful visual deterrents to the shoplifter.
Uniformed guards patrol around the clock.
Uniformed guards stand on the pavements listening to walkie-talkies.
Uniformed guides stage impromptu dramas.
Uniformed officers can.
Uniformed officers present a deterrent to violence, gang activity, vandalism, and theft.
Uniformed officers present a slide program to the students.
Uniformed officers undergo intensive initial and recurring training .
Uniformed personnel are there to provide owners a showplace community.
Uniformed police are readily available but at the same time unobtrusive.
Uniformed policemen visit schools and warn students about the hazards of drugs.
Uniformed racists survive in clandestine cells, shunned as losers and forced underground.
Uniformed reenactors share stories and answer questions.
Uniformed security is posted during all scheduled events.
Uniformed volunteers contribute thousands of hours to the park each year.
Uniformitarianism present is key to the past.
Uniformity allows even distribution of the beam.
Uniformity also makes the lighting more pleasing to the general public.
Uniformity appears to get worse each week.
Uniformity becomes possible because everyone can have a printed copy of the same words.
Uniformity benefits the users because they only have to learn one set of arbitrary quirks.
Uniformity can be a blissful escape from the torture of having a discriminating mind.
Uniformity can be difficult to achieve.
Uniformity can mean several things .
Uniformity depends mostly on the mixing of the bath fluid.
Uniformity fails here.
Uniformity gives all candidates a fair chance to represent themselves and their ideas.
Uniformity includes gender, frame, muscling, weight, color, etc.
Uniformity increasingly bulldozes over local diversity, be it physical, biological or cultural.
Uniformity is a detriment to successful teamwork.
Uniformity is a key issue for high efficiency and high density compression of the fuel.
Uniformity is achieved by use of type parameters or variables.
Uniformity is almost wholly dependent on temperature control.
Uniformity is also an issue with scrubs.
Uniformity is an elusive goal.
Uniformity is an important consideration when state courts interpret federal statutes.
Uniformity is another important part of displaying fruits to be judged.
Uniformity is as important to the conduct of leasing transactions as it is to sales transactions.
Uniformity is beneficial because it requires that users only have to learn how to use one system.
Uniformity is by no means desirable, yet many confuse it with unity.
Uniformity is classy.
Uniformity is critical to franchise success.
Uniformity is critical to the success of a variety.
Uniformity is defined simply as how evenly a sprinkler delivers water over the ground.
Uniformity is essential.
Uniformity is everybody's goal.
Uniformity is expressed as a percent and no other code is used.
Uniformity is good.
Uniformity is important as well.
Uniformity is impossible and unnecessary.
Uniformity is impossible if plans are subject to different legal obligations in different states.
Uniformity is impossible with capital because of differential concealability.
Uniformity is key . . .
Uniformity is key and attention to detail important.
Uniformity is maintained exactly across the entire addressable area of the page.
Uniformity is mandatory.
Uniformity is necessary.
Uniformity is nice.
Uniformity is of paramount importance.
Uniformity is our key.
Uniformity is put in place of unity.
Uniformity is regularity
Uniformity is regularity.
Uniformity is similarity.
Uniformity is the hallmark of machines.
Uniformity is the watchword of industrial agriculture.
Uniformity isa quality.
Uniformity kills the eye.
Uniformity leads to conformity.
Uniformity leads to fascism.
Uniformity makes differentiation between options much harder.
Uniformity means every plant or soil surface receives the same amount of water.
Uniformity means that all kinds of visualization is approached in the same way.
Uniformity means that all property that is liable to the tax is taxed at a uniform rate.
Uniformity means treating similar situations in the same way.
Uniformity now is the big thing.
Uniformity offers a very simple solution of the food-problem.
Uniformity plays a similar role in decisions regarding other types of irrigation systems.
Uniformity protects consumers and benefits businesses by ensuring fair competition.
Uniformity provides security while maintaining a standard of proper dress.
Uniformity refers to the evenness with which water is applied throughout a field.
Uniformity requires equality in the burden of taxation.
Uniformity seems more important in Taiwan.
Uniforms numbers are put on the backs of baseball uniforms .
Uniforms numbers are put on the backs of baseball uniforms.
Uniframe design adds rigidity and long-lasting performance to entry doors.
Unifying mythologies are hard to come by.
Unihemispheric sleep allows aquatic mammals to sleep and continue to swim and surface to breathe.
Unilateral action is by definition reversible.
Unilateral actions are counterproductive.
Unilateral advantage is therefore the primary consideration in the formulation of economic policy.
Unilateral atresia causes persistent nasal drainage and excoriation of the nasal vestibule.
Unilateral atresia occurs more frequently on the right side.
Most unilateral cases progress to involve the other eye, presumably vial hematogenous spread.
Unilateral cryptorchidism refers to the normal descent of a singular testis.
Unilateral deafness is thought to reflect incomplete expression of the defect.
Unilateral decisions are, for the most part, counterproductive.
Unilateral disarmament is placed on the agenda.
Unilateral disarmament is urged, with only restrained concern for Soviet behavior.
Unilateral discharges are more common.
Unilateral disease is associated with a normal prognosis.
Most unilateral disease is sporadic, whereas all bilateral disease is germline.
Unilateral gestures have no place in a situation of excessive mistrust.
Unilateral head pains.
Unilateral instability is always pathologic.
Unilateral liberalization is the preferred policy prescription of economic theory.
Unilateral measures can be effective catalysts for a confidence building process.
Unilateral mistake can be a trap for the unwary and the mistaken party can be bound to the mistake.
Unilateral mistakes are insufficient to invalidate a release, however.
Unilateral paralysis is disfunction
Unilateral paralysis is manifested as inability to lengthen the ipsilateral vocal cord.
Unilateral pathology leads to asymmetry and severe growth deficiency of the facial skeleton.
Unilateral quality is the characteristic that distinguishes migraine from other types of headache.
Unilateral reductions can be more cost-effective.
Unilateral sanctions are a blunt instrument like using a hammer for brain surgery.
Unilateral sanctions are a hopelessly ineffective tool.
Unilateral sanctions are unpredictable, and for our business that spells trouble.
Unilateral sanctions can be expensive for American business.
Unilateral sanctions can create hardship both for innocent citizens and innocent third party states.
Unilateral sanctions can harm our economy.
Unilateral sanctions cripple our foreign policy.
Unilateral sanctions don t work .
Unilateral sanctions fly in the face of the encouraging trend towards widely accepted trade rules.
Unilateral sanctions have the effect of giving U.S. markets to our competitors.
Unilateral sanctions open our markets up to our competitors.
Unilateral solutions lead to long term confidence breaches and credit interruption.
Unilateral stimulation suppresses ipsilateral hiccups, and has some effect on contralateral hiccups.
Unilateral tumors are often large by the time they are discovered.
Most unilineal societies have such sharp distinctions.
Unimaginable beauty is a given.
Unimaginable beauty is there.
Unimaginable luxury is all around.
Unimal operators are line-based.
Unimmunized pets can pass rabies along to their human owners.
Unimolecular processes are first order.
Unimpacted bays vary both hydrologically and in their vegetation community assemblages.
Unimportant material is highlighted.
Unimproved acreage is also available.
Unimproved campsites have no water and electricity hookups.
Unimproved land means land that has never been improved.
Unimproved roads provide access to primitive camping and hiking.
Unincorporated associations are also subject to corporation income tax.
Unincorporated associations are common in all States.
Unincorporated associations can also seek federal tax exemption.
Unincorporated associations derive their rights and powers largely from the common law.
Unincorporated business has sole owner, who takes full responsibility.
Unincorporated businesses can deduct certain expenses resulting from the cost of doing business.
Unincorporated citizens are powerless against the desires of cities within an urban growth area.
Unincorporated groups are limited to one application through the umbrella process per year.
Unincorporated towns have zero population.
Unindented names represent groups with complete information.
Unindexed carriers fall into three groups.
Uninfected ants return to colony.
Uninfected caterpillars pupate into relatively large primitive moths.
Uninfected cells pass through the column and are collected.
Uninfected crabs live life and produce new generations of crabs.
Uninfected offspring can only result from matings between uninfected wasps.
Uninfested roots appear a clear yellow.
Uninformed addicts are a danger to themselves.
Most uninformed assumptions rot the meat.
Uninformed believers are easy prey for the devil's deceptions and assaults.
Uninformed campaigns can wreak havoc in totaliterian countries.
Uninformed citizens help defeat successful salmon recovery.
Uninformed decisions can be very costly to clients and insurers.
Uninformed evaluation leads to misinterpretation.
Uninformed individuals can bog down details and waste precious collaboration time.
Uninformed media focus on the violence of the individual's actions, which perpetuates another crime.
Uninformed opinion is championed as thoughtful commentary.
Uninformed opinions are just assumptions, and assumptions are nothing but trouble.
Most uninformed parents act in denial when possible autism is brought to their attention.
Uninformed participation is often worse than no participation.
Uninformed people tend to misinterpret the screenings.
Many uninformed people think that the more something costs the better it has to be.
Some uninformed people believe that evolution implies that people evolved from apes.
Many uninformed players think the diamond system is some sort of mystical pool panacea.
Uninformed voters make poor political decisions.
Uninhibited beaches are a boat ride away.
Uninhibited corrosion can be very destructive.
Uninhibited speech leads to bad consequences.
Uninitialized variables have the value zero.
Uninjured leaves are less prone to gummy stem blight infections.
Uninked newsprint is a very absorbent paper.
Uninscribed tombs offer a host of intriguing problems.
Uninspired presentation provides the basics.
Uninstall feature is available.
Uninstall feature is included.
Uninstall instructions come with the software.
Uninstall routines can leave little bits and pieces behind.
Uninstall utilities come in all flavors, from shareware to production products.
Uninsulated basements are usually moist which can cause photographs to stick to each other.
Uninsurable risk is so unpredictable that the bad events inevitably come as a surprise.
Uninsured adults are less likely than insured adults to have regular check-ups.
Uninsured children are also less likely to seek care for injuries or to be immunized.
Uninsured children are at a greater risk for preventable illness.
Uninsured children are more likely to be in poor health than insured children.
Uninsured children are more likely to harbor long-term health problems that are costlier to treat.
Uninsured children are much more likely to suffer from preventable illnesses.
Uninsured children have undetected vision, hearing, and respiratory problems.
Uninsured children receive care on a sliding fee schedule using Title V Funding.
Most uninsured children live in two-parent, working families.
Uninsured employers fund.
Uninsured individuals are more likely to be in fair or poor health.
Uninsured infants living in poverty probably are at greatest risk.
Uninsured losses are eligible.
Uninsured men are up to three times more likely to die in the hospital.
Uninsured motorists face criminal penalties when they drive to work or job training.
Uninsured Motorists waive , premium.
Uninsured people are more than three times more likely to die in the hospital than the insured.
Uninsured people rely on hospitals for access to health care services.
Most uninsured people live in low-income families.
Uninsured persons are more likely to be employed in the wholesale and retail trade industry.
Uninsured shipments are the customer's risk .
Many uninsured workers are unaware of the option of bare-bones insurance policies.
Unintelligent control appears as external domination.
Unintelligent control tries to influence by making a show of force.
Unintelligent regulation occurs in BC and elsewhere in Canada for two main reasons.
Unintelligible language is a lantern without a light.
Unintelligible utterances are impossible to divide into morphemes.
Unintended consequences are especially rife when talking about technological change.
Unintended consequences are of course a real problem for any government agency trying to write laws.
Unintended consequences can become unavoidable.
Unintended consequences can suck.
Unintended consequences lie in wait for the unwary.
Unintended consequences rule public planning.
Unintended harms can occur during research.
Unintended infection is another matter.
Unintended pregnancies account for almost half of all pregnancies in California.
Unintended pregnancies are most likely to be terminated.
Unintended pregnancies do happen.
Unintended pregnancies have a severe impact on society and women's health.
Unintended pregnancy is an economic and social burden.
Unintended use can include game playing and the abuse of Internet resources.
Unintentional ambiguity is a serious professional error.
Unintentional contact is legal, unlike other more traditional skiing competitions.
Unintentional discrimination can, of course, occur in educational institutions and workplaces.
Unintentional discrimination is considered as unlawful as intentional discrimination.
Unintentional distortion occurs when the writer lacks knowledge about graphs.
Unintentional handballs play on.
Unintentional hypothermia is associated with postoperative myocardial ischemia.
Unintentional injuries affect children of all ages.
Unintentional injuries are a leading cause of premature death and and disability.
Unintentional injuries are costly to society and families as well, Neely adds.
Unintentional injuries are preventable.
Unintentional injuries are the fifth leading cause of death in America for all age groups.
Unintentional injuries are the fifth leading cause of death.
Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of childhood death.
Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of childhood mortality beyond one year of age.
Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of death from ages one to twenty-four.
Unintentional injuries are the leading cause of death in childhood.
Unintentional injuries rank third in importance behind cancer and heart disease.
Unintentional injuries strike families every minute of every day.
Most unintentional injuries are attributable to motor vehicles.
Unintentional metaphor is the source, too, of most actual blunders.
Unintentional misuse can put a child at risk of injury or death each time they ride in the car.
Unintentional opening is impossible by design principle .
Unintentional plagiarism is still plagiarism.
Unintentional poisonings can happen to anyone, at any time, in any situation.
Most unintentional poisonings happen when a cleaning product is being used.
Unintentional pregnancies are as much a fact of life as sex itself.
Unintentional shootings are among the leading causes of death for young people.
Unintentional torts are accidents .
Unintentional torts are accidents.
Unintentional violence is included in the definition and subject to the consequences.
Uninteresting things show up dark because they go through the phase plate.
Uninterpolated display shows discrete data word steps.
Uninterpreted data does no good.
Uninterpreted tongues are permissible in the right context, and even encouraged.
Uninterrupted attendance is compulsory for all courses.
Uninterrupted concentration is the key to tapping into our brain's unconscious abilities.
Uninterrupted employment is employment unbroken by any unauthorized absences.
Uninterrupted incision is smooth and easy to replace.
Uninterrupted periodicities can be visually exciting.
Uninterrupted prosperity is a thing to cause fear and trembling.
Uninterrupted sea views on one acre private lot.
Uninterrupted sleep is vital to good health and the quality of life.
Uninterrupted time is vital.
Unintroduced characters appear suddenly from nowhere and disappear as quickly.
Uninverted jets are unaffected by counterair attacks unless they choose to engage the attackers.
Uninvited guests disrupt parent-teacher night.
Uninvited media ignore the contemporary consumer habit to compile one's own, personal media package.
Uninvolved audiences use peripheral cues.
Uninvolved lung is expanded and healthy pink.
Uninvolved parents are low in both responsiveness and demandingness.
Uninvolved people are useless.
Many uninvolved persons have the same name as that of the individuals contained herein.
Uniocular cysts cause blindness.
Union activists are a bit stunned.
Union activists are also under siege.
Union activists have plenty of evidence of employer discrimination against organised labour.
Union activists share their personal stories that illustrate tactics and principles for organizing.
Union cabinet approves the draft policy on airport infrastructure.
Union City has a great tradition.
Union City is a very small town, so it is very easy to get bored with.
Union City is home to many collectibles shops, crafts, etc.
Union City understands that.
Union County boasts the largest foreign trade zone and shipping container terminal in the country.
Union County borders Cimarron County, Oklahoma on the west.
Union County communities . . . . . . .
Union County deserves better.
Union County gives child care providers who register with the state safety devices.
Union County has almost three times our population.
Union County has and still is undergoing a steady decline in the number of people per household.
Union County has four distinct, mild, enjoyable seasons.
Union County has lots to offer.
Union County has wonderful orchards, wineries, antiquing, picturesque hamlets and awesome scenery.
Union County is a great place to live.
Union County is also the smallest county in Florida.
Union County is cattle country.
Union County is divided into five districts with one commissioner representing each district.
Union County is historically one of the most partisan counties in the state.
Union County is located in southwest Iowa.
Union County is ranked third in the state in farm level income.
Union County offers all kinds of adventures for biking enthusiasts.
Union County produces twice as many cattle as any other county in New Mexico.
Union County produces twice as many cattle than any other county in New Mexico.
Union Creek is operated under a concession special use permit.
Union Creek offers excellent terrain for beginners or novices.
Union democracy can only happen when the membership makes it happen.
Union democracy is about power in the workplace.
Union democracy is now legal, and even reluctantly accepted by the labor establishment.
Union democracy means better ways of mobilizing and involving members in the work of the union.
Union density varies widely by industry.
Union dues are also tax deductible.
Union dues are like an insurance premium.
Union dues are tax deductible.
Union dues are to remain frozen at current levels for the next four years.
Union dues are voluntary and can be terminated at any time.
Union dues help pay attorneys to assist in negotiations, grievances and arbitration.
Union dues require no risk, no time and little effort from the union member.
Union Island is one of the larger islands in the southern Grenadines.
Union label is available on request.
Union labor is more productive, pays better and thus reduces the problems of poverty.
Union Lake is the largest man-made lake in the region.
Union leader joins dope debate - A teachers' leader has entered the fray on legalising cannabis.
Union leader says Zimbabwe's farm resettlement is unrealistic.
Union leader warns protesters to stay focused .
Union leaders acknowledge some problems but say city administrators share responsibility.
Union leaders are also concerned about job losses in Scotland's manufacturing sector.
Union leaders are due to meet with the chief labour commissioner next week.
Union leaders are naturally up in arms.
Union leaders are regularly the targets of death threats.
Union leaders are right to fear the enforcement of paycheck protection in Washington.
Union leaders argue that lesser-known actors still deserve a living wage.
Union leaders become targets of scrutiny.
Union leaders call it a fair share.
Union leaders declare their betrayal a victory .
Union leaders demonize China as a scapegoat for job loses.
Union leaders deny that their members are responsible for sabotage and other acts of violence.
Union leaders destroy the strike .
Union leaders dispute that characterization of events.
Union leaders hold a press conference after delivering the petitions.
Union leaders reject such suggestions and say they expect a big turnout by union members next month.
Union leaders say it is the most anti-worker piece of legislation ever to come up for a vote.
Union leaders say it's the only guaranteed way to make sure employees' voices are truly heard.
Union leaders say problems are often moot by the time the court rules.
Union leaders say strikers seek respect.
Union leaders say such talk is nonsense.
Union leaders say that having so many concerns is burdensome.
Union leaders say the communication boosts respect.
Union leaders say the issue is pay and deny the threat is political in nature.
Union leaders say the new law gives too much power to the governor and the mayors.
Union leaders say they have never sought to bargain over class content.
Union leaders say they offered to accept a pay cut in return for a freeze on hours.
Union leaders walk a very fine line.
Most union leaders are just as energetic in selling' partnership'.
Most union leaders seem quite content to continue to be apologists for New Labour.
Some union leaders are afraid of that.
Some union leaders criticize the deficit estimates and doubt if there's a big problem.
Union locals elect their own officers.
Union membership can also affect wage levels.
Union membership confers a number of benefits.
Union membership helps narrow the income gap routinely suffered by minorities and women.
Union membership is a matter of individual choice for employees.
Union membership is at an all-time low.
Union membership is available in Alabama.
Union membership is available in some areas of the state.
Union membership is available in some areas.
Union membership is available.
Union membership is concentrated in the peanut processing industry.
Union membership is key to improving wages.
Union membership is low.
Union membership is open to all working writers.
Union membership is preferred.
Union membership is required in shops covered by union contracts.
Union membership is required.
Union membership is significantly low.
Union membership is solely a matter of individual choice.
Union membership is strong, and unions play a big role in determining salary levels.
Union membership is voluntary.
Union membership means the boss has to play fair, and working people truly are part of the game.
Union membership provides additional benefits for members.
Union membership seems somehow to create an air of legitimacy or professionalism for the performer.
Union membership tends to reinforce their position.
Union membership tracks the decline in wages.
Union membership varies greatly between states.
Union officers say it's up to each instructor to decide whether to take part.
Union officers spend all day, every day on official time.
Union organizers are a special breed.
Union organizers are an endangered species in Central America.
Union organizers come to Flint, Michigan to organize the auto plants.
Union organizers continue to borrow office space from the church.
Union organizers have the most difficult and challenging job in the labor movement.
Union organizers remain optimistic, though.
Union organizers say some companies are actively discouraging their efforts.
Union organizers say the new contract is one of the best for janitors in the country.
Union organizers say the third week is a tough one and it has been for many.
Union pay is usually higher than nonunion pay.
Union reps have free access to chemical monitoring equipment, so can keep tabs for themselves.
An union representative is a representative
Union representatives are representatives.
Union representatives express a strong desire to be involved.
Union representatives have to act in good faith when doing so.
Union representatives hope to put forward an action plan for the service.
Union representatives say they are investigating the claims.
Union representatives say they feel they're in the cross hairs.
Union representatives say workers plan an appeal.
Union schools upgrade along with government schools.
An union shop is a company
Union shops require a worker to join a union within a specific period of time after employment.
Union soldiers retreat into the treacherous Potomac River.
Union soldiers stand around with watchful eyes.
Union soldiers withdraw from their last outposts in Louisiana, Florida, and South Carolina.
Some union soldiers receive crackers.
Union solidarity fails against company violence.
Union solidarity is restricted by a law that makes secondary boycotts and sympathy strikes illegal.
Union square is within walking distance of most downtown hotels.
Union station is one of America's great railroad terminals.
Union stewards represent departments, shifts, and work sites.
Most union territories are ruled by administrators sent by the central government .
Most union territories are ruled by administrators sent by the central government.
Union Township is larger and has grown faster than adjacent Liberty Township.
Union Township is located in the center of the county.
Union types are also useful in type inference for representing types that are partially constrained.
An union is an organization
Union agrees to allow new hires in parts plants to be paid at a lower wage than existing workers.
Union bargains for and wins a wage increase for workers on the assembly line.
Union blames government for high unemployment Bonn.
Union blown among an story either crack yonex racket.
Union call durations, etc. are per current local practice.
Union calls for improvements in teacher prep.
Union calls for more rigorous standards and training for teachers.
Union calls for subscription stops.
Union can use and receive just like a withdrawals .
Union claims firms mask ad prod'n via small agencies.
Union click here .
Union contains brief, partial frontal nudity.
Union continues play today in hopes of making the championship game tonight.
Union continues play today in Tulsa.
Union costs in a state like California can double costs.
Union crack Caution among that story amid an development.
Union drives now focus on industries where the union already has contracts.
Union europ enne Europa .
Union experience a plus.
Union freedoms Free affiliation and disaffiliation is guaranteed.
Union gives strength.
Union gives students autonomy in creating the community atmosphere in which they live.
Union goes on strike asking for an independent Dental insurance plan.
Union helps locals set up Web sites.
Union holds national rankings in several offensive categories for previous seasons.
Union is on it's pins again.
Union is out there somewhere.
Union is possible.
Union is probably worse-run than league.
Union is smooth.
Union is usual regardless of displacement.
Union isa organization.
Union learning representatives are a new type of union activist.
Union lists directors it doesn t like.
Union looks for a preventive victory to require safer hypodermic needles.
Union offers campus employment to students.
Union offers fellowship opportunities every summer that students are eligible to pursue.
Union offers outstanding sports programs for both males and females.
Union offers several.
Union offers teaching licensure in speech and theatre.
Union offers traditional residence hall and apartment-style living options to students.
Union organizing to continue, report says.
Union places great emphasis on teaching.
Union pour la democratie francaise.
Union prides itself on leading the integration of technology into the modern liberal arts campus.
Union pushes for agreement .
Union reach out to members.
Union receives no denominational or university support.
Union represents all workers - organized and unorganized.
Union returns the set union of the two sets.
Union seeks a bright, dynamic professional with experience in and dedication to the liberal arts.
Union seeks to arbitrate grievance.
Union sets the standard.
Union snowmobile arctic cat.
Union urges honing of certification reform.
Union wins family service and learning centers to meet needs of working families.
Unions actively recruit members and engage in collective bargaining.
Unions aim to keep shortages in the public eye in the hope of a better pay deal.
Unions already have many women and minorities.
Unions also bargain for paid vacations, paid family leave, and educational leave.
Unions also claim that they give workers greater job security, safety, and voice.
Unions also complain that there are numerous shortcomings in legal protections for workers.
Unions also encourage employers to invest more in education, according to industry group studies.
Unions also endorse and support candidates for office.
Unions also fear losing bargaining rights and teacher tenure in charter schools.
Unions also have a variety of weapons at their disposal.
Unions also have the right to negotiate collective agreements.
Unions also have the right to run political campaigns for or against the candidates of their choice.
Unions also have to come to grips with the fact that the expectations of the workforce have changed.
Unions also help close the wage gaps based on gender and minority status for their members.
Unions also highlight the potential disadvantages as well as advantages of teleworking.
Unions also mobilize campaign workers to build support and get out the vote.
Unions also offer their members legal representation.
Unions also offers a simple directory .
Unions also provide workers with representation when dealing with the boss.
Unions also say the monitoring system proposed under the agreement is flawed.
Unions also work to promote fairness and justice in the community.
Unions appear to be getting results.
Unions are a modern concept, a product of industrial society.
Unions are a part of the fabric of Catholic social teachings.
Unions are a significant feature of contemporary societies, a factor in politics and economics.
Unions are a very important part of the political process.
Unions are a way for workers to turn that trend around and ensure they gain in prosperous times.
Unions are a way into history, geography and social studies.
Unions are a way to get their point across.
Unions are about workers looking after each other.
Unions are accustomed to wage surveys to buttress collective bargaining negotiations.
Unions are afraid they'll lose influence, and jobs.
Unions are agin it, which is always a red flag.
Unions are all about good jobs at good wages.
Unions are all about regulating how a company doe s business.
Unions are all about regulating how a company does business.
Unions are also concerned about employee rights and benefits under the new management.
Unions are always strongly against what is, essentially, performance related pay.
Unions are an accouterment of major league sports.
Unions are an essential element in a democratic society.
Unions are an extension of that idea.
Unions are another example.
Unions are another possibility.
Unions are at the forefront of battles to improve educational opportunities for all children.
Unions are available in some areas of the state.
Unions are back.
Unions are bad for the economy.
Unions are bad when they get too big.
Unions are biggest and most consistently progressive organizations in America.
Unions are business friendly and limited.
Unions are but one group of people who have actively assembled to be heard.
Unions are by definition self-serving, and appro pri ately so.
Unions are combinations.
Unions are committed to bringing that about.
Unions are complex and sophisticated organizations, requiring effective management.
Unions are concerned about the potential layoffs even though banks swear they'll be minimal.
Unions are democratic organizations controlled by their members.
Unions are democratic organizations.
Unions are democratic.
Unions are democratically run institutions.
Unions are destructive of collegiality and create adversarial relationships.
Unions are devices.
Unions are different, ideas are different in our central labour bodies and that's all right.
Unions are experts at solving problems at work.
Unions are extremely important, particularly in fields like home care that are dominated by women.
Unions are for all workers, and it is symbolically important for the elite to agree with that.
Unions are for wimps.
Unions are free to affiliate internationally.
Unions are free to affiliate with international labor organizations and do so in practice.
Unions are free to affiliate with international organizations, and some have done so.
Unions are free to associate with and participate in international bodies.
Unions are free to establish federations.
Unions are free to form federations and to affiliate internationally.
Unions are free to form federations and to affiliate with international bodies.
Unions are free to have whatever discussion they choose on their own time.
Unions are free to maintain contact with regional and international labor organizations.
Unions are fun to deal with.
Unions are generally very committed to eliminating sexual harassment in the workplace.
Unions are good at defending individuals who are assigned jobs outside their job description.
Unions are good for America.
Unions are good for families.
Unions are good for the country.
Unions are good value.
Unions are good, union corruption is bad.
Unions are greedy and are going to ruin the economy.
Unions are happening.
Unions are healing.
Unions are in place to protect sales people when managements are taking advantage.
Unions are independent and active.
Unions are independent from government and political parties.
Unions are independent of both the government and the Monegasque political parties.
Unions are independent, and workers bargain collectively and stage strikes.
Unions are independent, and workers can and do bargain collectively and stage strikes.
Unions are independent.
Unions are institutions that stand for fairness and justice.
Unions are just associations of people banded together for mutual protection and benefit.
Unions are legal in the United States.
Unions are located in algebra.
Unions are located in laws.
Unions are located in provinces.
Unions are located in workplaces.
Unions are never strong when their representatives are drawn from the disaffected.
Unions are no longer able to do duty for cartels of organized self-interest.
Unions are no longer the spokespersons of mere sectoral groups.
Unions are no longer willing to sit back and accept declining membership.
Unions are nonprofit financial organizations that are owned by their members.
Unions are now free to fund politics from their members' mandatory general dues.
Unions are obsolete.
Unions are often the catalysts for, and organizers of, boycotts.
Unions are often wary of efforts to block production because of the threat of injunctions and fines.
Unions are on the defensive, and it is average workers who want protection from an uncertain future.
Unions are one.
Unions are organizations.
Unions are people in a workplace who join together for their mutual protection and benefit.
Unions are political organization, and the democratic process works through their political process.
Unions are popular in industrial sectors.
Unions are powerful institutions.
Unions are practically absent in the bulk of small enterprises.
Unions are really interested in companies succeeding.
Unions are service organizations where it's members are the owners.
Unions are sets.
Unions are states.
Unions are stations.
Unions are still powerful, unlike many other industries.
Unions are subject to nondiscrimination laws.
Unions are successful in many workplaces.
Unions are taboo or outlawed.
Unions are the engine of minority turnout in New York.
Unions are the engine room, the shop floor where the pressures of the time wreak their human havoc.
Unions are the ideal place for workers to organize for their political interests.
Unions are the largest organized group of health care purchasers.
Unions are the specialists in dealing with work-related problems.
Unions are to blame for losing our first place in manufacturing in the world.
Unions are too centralized.
Unions are typically big losers in a plant closure.
Unions are under siege.
Unions are unhappy that Wonder Boys was the last big film made here.
Unions are unique among private organizations.
Unions are unprofessional.
Unions are used for excuses.
Unions are useful in many respects.
Unions are very good at providing advice and support on a wide range of workplace issues.
Unions are very interested in helping people understanding the process.
Unions are vitally interested in companies succeeding.
Unions are weak and confined to a few sectors.
Unions are weak so they can get away with that.
Unions are well organized and politically powerful.
Unions are worried about the possible extent of job losses.
Unions are zinc plated cast iron and the elastomer is a nylon cloth reinforced neoprene.
Unions are, however, by their nature and purpose anticompetitive.
Unions arise in the hordes of bearer mice.
Unions believe that they can secure their jobs by bullying their employers and competitors.
Unions benefit America.
Unions bring democracy to the workplace.
Unions bring equality of bargaining power to the negotiating table.
Unions bring peace and promote prosperity.
Unions buy pretty big as well, and come back to repeat.
Unions can also expect employers to seek cut backs on prescription drug coverage.
Unions can also play a significant role in regulating who represents professional athletes.
Unions can associate freely with international organizations.
Unions can be bureaucratic, corrupt and frustrating.
Unions can capitalize on their young members' interest in sports.
Unions can contain pointers to unions of their type.
Unions can demand that employers adopt policies giving preference to entities that are unionized.
Unions can exercise their right to organize and bargain collectively.
Unions can form in any business with more than one employee.
Unions can help employees upgrade their skills and benefit the employers, too.
Unions can help in negotiating 'family friendly' work practices.
Unions can make their views known.
Unions can provide a mix of social and educational activities, including hard-core training.
Unions can provide information on job referrals and partnering for new people at a company.
Unions can provide private practitioners with access to sympathetic legislators.
Unions can provide valuable assistance and there is strength in solidarity.
Unions can simply be membership organizations which create standards industry, such as pay levels.
Unions can suggest ones who know about the risks of call centre work.
Unions can turn around voter apathy.
Unions can, and often are counterproductive.
Unions cause the loss of positions and reduce salaries to the lowest common denominator.
Unions challenge unfair or arbitrary decisions made by an employer or company.
Unions collect billions of dollars every year in mandatory dues and fees from their members.
Unions collect several billion dollars each year, primarily through mandatory membership dues.
Unions continue to play a large role in the national economy and in federal elections.
Unions continue to struggle in part because many heavy manufacturing jobs have been lost.
Unions continue to struggle to survive.
Unions control a third of all venture capital funds in Canada.
Unions customarily consult with firms specializing in labor-side issues.
Unions defends victimised rep.
Unions describe it as justice for free loaders.
Unions despise the good faith doubt exception.
Unions devote considerable effort to political campaigns.
Unions do good things for people.
Unions do impose sizeable economic distortions and costs.
Unions do many things for their members .
Unions do many things for their members.
Unions do receive a small portion of the student capitation charge.
Unions do win some representation elections.
Unions employ members.
Unions enable workers to choose where and how to spend their personal time.
Unions encouraging such actions are subject to fines and seizure of their assets.
Unions ensure adequate wages, health coverage, and worker safety.
Unions ensure that individuals are treated fairly.
Unions ere organized in Toledo, New Orleans, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Philadelphia and Duluth.
Unions exercise their right to organize and bargain collectively.
Unions exist because groups have more power and strength than individuals.
Unions exist for the good of their members and families.
Unions exist for the welfare of their members, pure and simple.
Unions expect future battles to be tough.
Unions expect the Socialist government to enforce wage restraint.
Unions face an uphill battle to maintain their current share of worker representation.
Unions feed on businesses with low climates.
Unions feel especially threatened by privatization.
Unions fight for equal pay for equal work.
Unions fight globally for social justice .
Unions fight layoffs.
Unions financed by donations take over to perforce the enlightenment task of the state.
Unions gain a lot by pulling in college students.
Unions generally condemn drug use among their members.
Unions get more members.
Unions get similar benefits.
Unions give protection.
Unions give their members little or no say about how their union dues are spent.
Unions give workers power.
Unions give working people a voice in government .
Unions guarantee that workers have freedom of speech and assembly.
Unions hate it, as do left-leaning history professors.
Unions have a detrimental effect on the national economy.
Unions have a difficulty requiring all firms to hire only union workers.
Unions have a heavy influence.
Unions have a legitimate role and generally represent the interests of their memberships.
Unions have a long history of obtaining healthcare coverage as a critical employee benefit.
Unions have a lot of members in areas where there has been a decline in employment.
Unions have a role to play above and beyond individual working conditions.
Unions have a vested interest in keeping a lid on competition.
Unions have a wealth of information which is useful to people at work.
Unions have additional requirements.
Unions have additional time requirements.
Unions have and freely exercise the right to strike.
Unions have certain rights and responsibilities to cooperate in effecting positive changes.
Unions have considerable power and have been able to obtain higher wages for their members.
Unions have constrictive work rules and higher prices.
Unions have every right to picket, but it has to be done legally.
Unions have no say in who's admitted.
Unions have only people, because unions ARE people.
Unions have only potential access to a minority of equities.
Unions have problems r ecruiting in high-tech.
Unions have requirements.
Unions have rules that keep staff within their boxes.
Unions have the duty to fairly represent their members.
Unions have the right to affiliate with international bodies.
Unions have the right to appeal a council decision to the provincial people's court and to strike.
Unions have the right to decide what to demand from employers in collective bargaining.
Unions have the right to oppose attempts to turn services over to non-union workers.
Unions have the right to strike and strikers are protected by law.
Unions have the right to strike, and collective bargaining is prevalent.
Unions have the right to strike, and strikers are protected by law.
Unions have the right to strike.
Unions have their place.
Unions have to accept the productivity factor of business.
Unions have to be elected, by the employees.
Unions have to be more democratic and aggressive in their posture toward the boss.
Unions have to become more of a social movement.
Unions help keep workers safe.
Unions help make government really of, by and for the people.
Unions help more workers share in our nation's prosperity.
Unions help settle grievances, raise wages, keep people off welfare and stabilize communities.
Unions help that happen.
Unions help to break down the barriers between co-workers.
Unions help to solidify the middle class, which supports the tax base.
Unions help working families get a fair shake in today's economy.
Unions here are very male-dominated, very closed and machista .
Unions immediately order members to work.
Unions increase benefits.
Unions increase wages for all workers.
Unions inherently know their current type.
Unions intervene in markets by having labor power, which they can sometimes use to get wages up.
Unions joining with bosses is harmful to workers in a number of ways.
Unions keep employers from hiring and firing workers unfairly.
Unions maintain ties to international trade secretariats.
Unions maintain unrestricted contact with international bodies.
Unions make a contract negotiation a media event.
Unions make a difference.
Unions make it less efficient and more difficult.
Unions make sure that people get treated fairly.
Unions make terminating teachers who perform poorly very difficult.
Unions mean expense.
Unions negotiate contracts with employers that spell out wages, benefits and working conditions.
Unions negotiate for everyone in the bargaining unit.
Unions negotiate remuneration, hours and working conditions.
Unions negotiate with employers for standard wages and benefits.
Unions normally declare their allegiance later in a campaign, after they can make some deals.
Unions now believe many UK plants face 'death by a thousand cuts'.
Unions now concentrate on saving jobs.
Unions now face assaults from all sides.
Unions now play a key role in their country's economic restructuring.
Unions now represent fewer than half of all wage earners.
Unions only ensure that proper procedures are followed.
Unions only interfere with the process.
Unions only lists the Argentinian union, and skips the two new Brazilian entries.
Unions only teach greed and selfishness.
Unions operate free of government interference.
Unions operate free of governmental interference.
Unions operate independently of government or political control.
Unions oppose a raise in the visa limit.
Unions oppose truck law changes.
Unions ought to have all views represented.
Unions overwhelmingly represent teachers in public schools.
Unions owe a lot to women workers, says the report.
Unions pay a big role in both videos.
Unions perform a range of functions on behalf of members.
Unions play significant roles in assuring better wages, benefits and working conditions.
Unions producing males are shown by dotted lines.
Unions promote democratic ideals.
Unions protect their members' jobs.
Unions provide enormous amounts of soft money and other contributions to liberal candidates.
Unions provide social and economic justice to employees who work for an hourly wage.
Unions provide their members with important services.
Unions publish journals.
Unions push for job security and higher wages.
Unions raise pay.
Unions really do hold the key.
Unions recognise the spread of economic interdependence both globally and regionally.
Unions recognize that seniority and employment equity are complex issues.
Unions reflect and represent the concerns of their members.
Unions reject the notion of an inherently positive impact from free trade and globalization.
Unions remain desperate to organize such service industries as computer software.
Unions remain the only real choice for workers to get back some of that power.
Unions represent construction workers.
Unions represent employees.
Unions represent millions of front-line workers in both the public and private sectors.
Unions represent nineteen percent of the nonagricultural workforce.
Unions represent public employees.
Unions represent workers.
Unions require skills.
Unions require unique skills.
Unions resent the interference.
Unions resist the teacher-evaluation systems that come with centralization.
Unions say all that adds up to employers overseeing their own health and safety management.
Unions say that cheap labor abroad undercuts the clout of American workers.
Unions say the corporation is heading towards privatising the industry.
Unions say the the Herald's actions are a warning to all workers.
Unions say workers are simply disenchanted with the system.
Unions say yes, contractors say no.
Unions scream about fat cats banking huge profits while paying workers low wages.
Unions seek quality child care for their members' children and for all young children.
Unions seek talks with Seattle papers.
Unions seek to rebuild their political and economic clout .
Unions seek to work with the government of the day to win support for their policies.
Unions seem to have gone the way of affirmative action and dinosaurs.
Unions serve a valuable purpose for both professionals and non-professionals.
Unions serve both to protect employees' interests and to give voice to their ideas and concerns.
Unions show no sign of retreating from their aggressive political platform.
Unions spend portions of their member dues to support political causes.
Unions stand in their way.
Unions still exert a strong influence in the public sector.
Unions still face a host of problems as they try to regain momentum.
Unions still have a great deal of influence in Washington.
Unions still have to find their place in restructuring efforts.
Unions still offer their members help if they contest peer-review decisions.
Unions strengthen communities.
Unions struggle under more regulations than any other type of nonprofit organization.
Unions successfully pressure employers to raise wages, benefits, and working conditions.
Unions tackle call-centre hazards.
Unions tackle sex, race and age discrimination and aim to win opportunities for all.
Unions take active part in Nordic, European, and international trade union bodies.
Unions take up the challenge.
Unions tend to be very territorial, and by law, companies can only establish relations with one.
Unions therefore exert a strong pressur e on political decisions.
Unions therefore have a critical role to play in the infrastructure investment program.
Unions think that a job is a right, whilst companies sink to a lower plight.
Unions threaten to widen docks stoppage.
Unions throw a big parade and give speeches about fighting for working families.
Unions traditionally organize and operate freely without government regulation.
Unions try to influence the political parties and win support for their policies.
Unions typically say experienced teachers can work anywhere.
Unions understand the skills necessary for success.
Unions uniquely blend humanistic, ethical, and materialistic con-cerns.
Unions use mentoring and buddy systems so that new workers are paired with experienced workers.
Unions use their opening demands to increase union solidarity.
Unions use violence and government- granted privileges to get more money for less work.
Unions utilize elastomer 'O' rings for sealing purposes.
Unions vary in size and their affiliation with large national and international unions.
Unions view school boards, school administrators and even parents as the enemy.
Unions welcome the chance to go after a huge new pool of unorganized workers.
Unions welcome the funding but wonder if it is enough.
Unions win on standards.
Unions work for decent family wages, medical benefits and safe working conditions.
Unions work for equal treatment and fight discrimination.
Unions work with management and employees come in when they want to.
Unions worry about low-wage competition abroad.
Unions always fight for higher salaries coupled with less work and less accountability.
Unions always seek more benefits for themselves than for the workers they purport to represent.
Unions frequently exercise their right to bargain collectively.
Unions often are obstacles to cross training and cross staffing.
Unions often blame Washington for their problems.
Unions often characterize such workplace complaints as the norm in order to expand their membership.
Unions often facilitate apprenticeships .
Unions often fail to win a first contract after a successful organizing campaign.
Unions often have different training options, both for members and for non-members.
Unions often offer scholarships for members and their dependent children.
Unions often urge trade sanctions to enforce internationally recognized labor standards.
All union ends in separation, some time or other.
All union ends in separation.
All unions are underfinanced and depend on outside support.
All unions are workers combat units.
All unions have supplementary sources of income, either from companies or the government.
Every union has the right to set dues to pay for the services it provides.
Every union is guided by a constitution.
Every union is made of an upstairs and a downstairs.
Every union knows that in numbers there is clout.
Every union needs to do more.
Many unions also have significant student, unemployed and retired memberships.
Many unions also offer apprenticeship and training programs.
Many Unions are Communist infested.
Many unions buy copies for all of their stewards and officers.
Many unions contribute funds to assist members in going on labor delegations.
Many unions cover all or part of the cost of the program.
Many unions have training funds available for members.
Many unions hold title to real property through title-holding corporations.
Many unions make provisions for jury duty in their union contracts.
Many unions offer scholarship money for members to attend classes.
Many unions offer scholarships to members children.
Many unions offer scholarships.
Many unions offer separate dental coverage to their membership.
Many unions offer separate dental coverage with their membership.
Many unions only allow registration once a year.
Many unions provide free legal services to their members in union-related matters.
Many unions spend the money illegally, too, but their activities are difficult to detect.
Most unions also have party activists as members.
Most unions are decent, honest organizations dedicated to improving the lives of working people.
Most unions are in the public sector.
Most unions do give more in campaign contributions than they spend to hire lobbyists.
Most unions fall well short of democratic values they claim to stand for.
Most unions give protection.
Most unions go on strike to settle contracts.
Most unions guarantee a genuinely free service at the point of use.
Most unions have additional requirements.
Most unions have additional time requirements.
Most unions have an entrance exam, with minimum standards.
Most unions have requirements.
Most unions levy monetary fines against employees who cross a picket line during a strike.
Most unions look for flexibility in travel and location.
Most unions look for flexibility in travel and relocation.
Most unions publish journals.
Most unions represent construction workers.
Most unions represent employees.
Most unions represent public employees.
Most unions represent workers.
Most unions require skills.
Most unions require unique skills.
Most unions see the fee as a tool to stimulate flagging membership.
Most unions use the mechanism of collective bargaining to achieve their goals.
Some unions allow placement through the union for members on withdrawal.
Some unions are large, with thousands of members, while others have only a handful.
Some unions are more democratic or militant than others.
Some unions contend that the currency law makes Argentine exports uncompetitive.
Some unions cover any legal problem.
Some unions encourage membership involvement in contract negotiations.
Some unions file shareholder resolutions, most often on corporate governance issues.
Some unions give libertarian ideas a warm welcome.
Some unions have a non-political culture.
Some unions have special legal advisors for gay workers.
Some unions have strong intellectual freedom clauses that can be invoked.
Some unions have workers' comp representatives.
Some Unions integrate a pre-grievance meeting prior to step one.
Some unions produce offspring.
Some unions provide short-term strike funds to workers who are forced to go out on strike.
Some unions reduce the fees for unemployed members.
Some unions report incidents.
Some unions specify degree level qualification.
Some unions sponsor scholarships for the children of their members.
Some unions take places.
Some unions think so.
Unionised employment is fundamentally different from employment in a non-union sector.
Unionised workers are less likely to lose their jobs than non-unionised staff.
An unionism is reform movement
Unionism constitutes a denial by workers of a radical individualist ethos.
Unionism destroys personal freedom and individualism.
Unionism is big business now, it is a profession and our negotiating agents are professionals.
Unionism is on the inside now.
Unionism is one aspect of a clear trend toward recognizing the primacy of group presence and clout.
Unionism is stronger too.
Unionism is synonymous with collective action, with unity.
Unionism really is at the crossroads.
Unionist worker wins parliamentary by-election in Tehran .
An unionist is a worker
Unionists also favor a contract that runs for a shorter term than the proposed three years.
Unionists are an intrinsic part of Ireland.
Unionists are angry at the announcement and claim it is another concession to the republicans.
Unionists are much happier to describe Northern Ireland as Ulster.
Unionists are skeptical of the objectivity of the psychiatrists the companies use.
Unionists are still unionists and nationalists are still nationalists.
Unionists are welcome to post as long as they are willing to respect themselves and the forum.
Unionists argue a second inspection is long overdue.
Unionists believe the proposed laws go too far.
Unionists clearly fear real negotiations.
Unionists feel betrayed and the agreement is never fully implemented.
Unionists have a veto.
Unionists have a weapon, the weapon of the ballot box.
Unionists have nothing to fear from sharing power with republicans.
Unionists have the right to petition any government agency.
Unionists however are less likely to differentiate.
Unionists react angrily.
Unionists remain sceptical and impatient for developments.
Unionists return to the fields to unearth the origins of the organised labour struggle.
Unionists say it's an out-dated protest.
Unionists stick together and support each other through thick and thin, in good times and bad times.
Unionists threaten with mobilization in the case the government shuns their demands and proposals.
Some unionists feel the plan is too generous to employers.
Unionization rates are high by European standards.
Unionization fills in another piece of the puzzle.
Unionization fosters a stable, profes-sional workforce.
Unionization greatly minimizes the job quality gap between public and private sector workers.
Unionization has a disproportionate beneficial effect for women and minorities.
Unionization is a very important factor in workers winning some rights.
Unionization is an establishment
Unionization is bound to increase.
Unionization is constitutions.
Unionization is down because of all the entry-level service positions that are being created.
Unionization is even more popular at public institutions.
Unionization is high among aerospace engineers in particular, but relatively low in the state.
Unionization is low and decreases with the size of firms.
Unionization is minimal.
Unionization is nothing more that the last breath of a dying field.
Unionization is protected by the labor code.
Unionization is the solution sought by the students and is in the best interest of all the students.
Unionization is the time honored way to democratize a workplace.
Unionization predicts greater productivity and stronger financial performance.
Unionized ammonia can also build up to concentrations toxic to fish and othe aquatic organisms.
Unionized employees have greater rights than others in protecting personal privacy.
Unionized faculty can either have union dues deducted from their paycheck or pay dues monthly.
Unionized hospitals are less efficient.
Unionized nurses can have more impact and clout in efforts to protect patients from potential risk.
Unionized staff have their employment regulated by seven collective agreements.
Unionized workers are more likely to have health insurance.
Unionized workers are more likely to have retirement benefits.
Unionized workers earn two to three times as much as their neighbors.
Unionized workers tend to have higher pay and benefits than non-unionized workers.
Many unionized workers have their maternity benefits topped up.
Uniontown soils have redoximorphic features in the middle part of the control section.
Uniplex products support a wide range of client types and styles.
Uniplex solutions emphasize price performance and system throughput.
Unipolar cautery is used to dissect down through midline subcutaneous fat.
Unipolar cells have no dendrites arising directly from the cell's soma.
Unipolar cells have one primary process that give rise to several branches.
Unipolar dendrites are used to detect sensory stimuli such as touch or temperature.
An unipolar depression is a depression
Unipolar depression is far more common.
Unipolar depression is just the depressed phase.
Unipolar depression is just the lows.
Unipolar drivers are good for applications that operate at relatively low step rates.
Unipolar mania is unusual but it does happen.
Unipolar motors are attractive to designers because they simplified the driver stage.
Unipolar motors have four coils and are likely to have five or six wires attached.
Unipolar motors have twice as many windings.
Unipotent maps are closed under composition and stable under pullbacks.
Uniprise employees enjoy a casual work environment with flexible hours.
Uniq Cats Call the file that contains the possibly unsorted list of users list.of.users .
Any unique abbreviation is acceptable.
Unique accommodations have dual aft passageways and three queen size staterooms.
Many unique accomplishments lie behind our company.
Unique activities can create excitement and romance.
Unique activities cover mapping and map reading, and environmental sensitivity.
Unique adaptations help bats fly and catch prey in total darkness.
Unique additives provide antiwear properties, corrosion resistance, and creep resistance.
Unique air blown process makes for soft, lightweight feel.
Unique alarm features Motion sensor, time, alarm and record features.
Some unique alternatives are possible though.
Unique analysis shows that woodpeckers use their bulk to protect their heads.
Many unique animals depend on wetlands.
Unique answers get one point a piece.
Unique appearance attracts customers.
Unique appearance is quite pleasing to the eye.
Unique appendix provides hints for overcoming common problems in retrieving information.
Unique application means one application per person.
Unique applications are also our specialty.
Unique approach offers a link, resource and a service model for clients.
Unique approaches are abundant.
Unique approaches use techniques.
Most unique approaches use techniques.
Some unique approaches focus on people.
Some unique approaches focus on whole people.
Unique artifacts are rare, special, and singular.
Unique atmosphere makes it special.
Unique attributes are essentially constants whose value is chosen by the compiler.
Unique audience is a measure of the total number of individuals that visit a property.
Unique base is of aluminum construction.
Unique baskets handmade from the bottom up.
Unique beverage can shape and heavy duty carrying handle.
Unique birds add distinctive touch to the desert.
Unique birdhouses made of wood, metal, and bamboo, they make a wonderful addition to any yard.
Many unique blends are available in a wide range of sizes.
Unique brass push button mechanism unlocks the blade.
Unique bridges span the river, and historical markers relate some of the area history.
Unique bristles make hard and soft edges a breeze.
Unique brush picks up dirt, crumbs and more on tables, upholstery in cars.
Unique businesses require printing solutions.
Many unique businesses cluster along the downtown streets.
Unique buttons add stylish detail.
Unique campaign features the voices and faces of real techies.
Unique capabilities permit selected personnel recovery operations.
Unique care is provided in a friendly, comfortable, and professional atmosphere.
Unique case features a built-in sunshade to block glare.
