Fans are located in rooms.
Fans are located in shows.
Fans are located in souths.
Fans are located in sporting events.
Fans are located in stadiums.
Fans are located in stores.
Fans are located in windows.
Fans are loyal but their numbers are small and they are scattered all over the continent.
Fans are momentarily quiet before they create an atmosphere unlike any other in sport.
Fans are more interested in complaining about the product than applauding it.
Fans are more involved and the game happens a lot faster.
Fans are more united in their praise of the historic sections of the new park.
Fans are nearly ideal solar powered loads.
Fans are nervous.
Fans are never surprised.
Fans are no longer poor trash.
Fans are non-stop dancing all night.
Fans are notorious for abusing the copyrights of their fanatic focus.
Fans are now very optimistic about the prognosis.
Fans are often more beneficial than using heaters.
Fans are often the worst.
Fans are on the verge of revolt.
Fans are on their feet, cheering for Vargas.
Fans are optional, but are highly encouraged.
Fans are optional.
Fans are 'out for blood,' charity The battle has begun.
Fans are people.
Fans are popular buys too.
Fans are popular in China because it can get very hot there.
Fans are pumps with forward blading.
Fans are really hungry to hear their new music.
Fans are really no help in the summer months.
Fans are responsible for purchase of tickets to the game.
Fans are restless.
Fans are rivers.
Fans are sceptical of the claim, Then comes the old refrain.
Fans are smart. .
Fans are sneaky.
Fans are so excited that season tickets are already sold out.
Fans are subject to the same penalties and guidelines as defined above for particpants.
Fans are sure to agree it was worth waiting for.
Fans are sure to find what they are looking for.
Fans are sure to see some great baseball.
Fans are the greatest.
Fans are the keepers of the flame, defenders of the faith.
Fans are the key components in the air handling systems of cleanrooms.
Fans are the most fickle people around.
Fans are the most loyal consumers delivered by any form of advertising.
Fans are the only air conditioning in the classrooms.
Fans are the only ones with a conscious decision to make.
Fans are the primary mechanical means of reducing radon gas in a home today.
Fans are the same everywhere.
Fans are the soul of the game.
Fans are the traditional solution, but they are cumbersome and inefficient.
Fans are tired of competitive imbalance.
Fans are too sophisticated in both cities for that to happen.
Fans are turned on and windows are kept open while using cleaners with fumes.
Fans are unhappy with what's going on, and they boo.
Fans are used for cool people.
Fans are used for cooling air.
Fans are used when it's very hot.
Fans are very useful for cooling in the spring and fall when temperatures are more moderate.
Fans are welcome to join in the fun and tour the new facilities.
Fans are welcome to participate in all events.
Fans are welcome to see the players depart the stadium.
Fans are welcome to submit critical essays on the author.
Fans are welcome to tape a gig.
Fans are welcome to utilize concourse areas.
Fans are willing to pay for excellence.
Fans ask that question over and over, whenever their favorite players are injured.
Fans ask their questions by phone or fax, and listeners tune-in in droves.
Fans attending can win great prizes from local companies as well.
Fans attending games in the final season of that ballpark have seven different ticket categories.
Fans attending games play Olympic trivia on the scoreboard.
Fans attending tonight's game receive a baseball card poster.
Fans augment a room s air conditioning.
Fans automatically increase their chances by purchasing multiple tickets and multiple nights.
Fans become free publicists for the movies and artists in which they have a vested interest.
Fans believe yeast repels fleas and supports the immune system.
Fans better make sure tickets are refundable.
Fans blame ownership.
Fans block views because they have no clue where to sit.
Fans blow air and mist onto the cows, and curtains are raised or lowered to block sunlight.
Fans blow directly above the oche.
Fans blow out the dirt, the moss is loosened up and the strands are straightened.
Fans blow the conditioned air through air ducts from the air conditioner to the rooms.
Fans blow the flour into bags.
Fans blowing hot air from the inside out through an open window are better than from the outside in.
Fans boo a gurney as it is brought to the ring.
Fans boo good players, good athletes.
Fans bristle when the unthinkable happens, take a defeat to heart.
Fans build their best paper airplane and fly their plane to the hanger located at center court.
Fans buy into it supporting the kind of unethical behavior that is deemed publically unacceptable.
Fans call it a beacon of truth.
Fans call it the next revolution in home movie viewing.
Fans can access regular position and weather information, editorial content, photos and audio.
Fans can add to the problem by keeping allergens suspended and circulating through the air.
Fans can also attend, unless of course they happen to get sacrificed in the shuffle.
Fans can also be on a ceiling or in the ground.
Fans can also buy Away season tickets on the site.
Fans can also buy individual game tickets as well.
Fans can also cause turmoil.
Fans can also change the designs by moving their mouse and pressing designated keys.
Fans can also chat with players, discuss each night's matchup and offer their opinions.
Fans can also communicate through an online chat room found here.
Fans can also dive deeper behind the scenes to find out more about the creation of the music.
Fans can also enjoy greater savings by buying Teamline access in bulk season ticket packages.
Fans can also expect appearances at some British festivals.
Fans can also find thinks like costuming, hard science, music, and gaming.
Fans can also get info on tickets and buy Rockies gear.
Fans can also get top news stories from their favorite teams and shop for gifts and gear.
Fans can also hear audio drama streamed, or played live, from some radio stations' Web sites.
Fans can also impact the designs by moving their mouse and pressing certain designated keys.
Fans can also keep up with the game live stats .
Fans can also learn the truth about spit tobacco while they watch.
Fans can also listen and vote for their favourite song.
Fans can also listen in to baseball games.
Fans can also make online donations via credit card.
Fans can also participate in contests and giveaways.
Fans can also participate in online chats with featured artists.
Fans can also pay on game day as they board the bus.
Fans can also pose for photos with the riders.
Fans can also register to win prizes the night of the event.
Fans can also see five other pro classes and four street divisions.
Fans can also select video of favorite game plays or players.
Fans can also skate with the team after the game.
Fans can also take part in the events surrounding the stadium.
Fans can also tour the pits and meet the owners and drivers.
Fans can also walk to the diamonds at the other end of the complex to watch players work out.
Fans can always count on an exciting evening when any of the above are performing.
Fans can arrive in Atlanta in time to see the game and spend New Year's weekend in a fantastic city.
Fans can ask Open players questions during live online chats.
Fans can at least begin fantasizing about big-time racing in the Kansas City area.
Fans can be a little more blunt with their questions.
Fans can be a source of relief, but the higher the humidity, the less cooling relief they provide.
Fans can be axial flow or centrifugal.
Fans can be electrically or hydraulically driven.
Fans can be pretty biased.
Fans can be quite rude.
Fans can be useful in warm weather to keep the air circulating.
Fans can be very close to the players and can influence the outcome of the game.
Fans can be winners of some great prizes just sitting in the stands watching the game.
Fans can browse through the music resources, band schedules and club schedules.
Fans can buy a ticket for a certain match and venue and watch whoever ends up playing there.
Fans can buy four tickets for games in each round.
Fans can buy rare magazines, books, videos etc.
Fans can buy that.
Fans can buy the c.d.'s from the stage, internet, and stores.
Fans can buy the latest merchandise from club kit to clothing, videos, books and watches.
Fans can buy tickets to most races online at the various tracks' Web sites or over toll-free lines.
Fans can call in ask the band questions.
Fans can call up archived playlists and information about other users' selections.
Fans can cast their ballots at tonight's game.
Fans can check into a kiosk each time they go to a game.
Fans can check out bios and photos of the world's hottest supermodels.
Fans can check out film info and the latest news and download photos and scripts.
Fans can choose to support the men's team, women's team or both.
Fans can choose up to three payment options.
Fans can choose what they want to analyze and how they want it displayed.
Fans can click here for details .
Fans can contact any of the band members by e-mail, and they nearly always get a response.
Fans can converge and meet one another to form a large deposit called a bajada .
Fans can cry one moment and shake off the tears with their bouncing torsos the next.
Fans can decide which team was best.
Fans can discuss the novels in the forum and chat areas.
Fans can download entire albums and rare recordings in mere seconds.
Fans can download their favorite images, video clips and other files.
Fans can draw their own conclusions until the screen actually reveals the right ruling.
Fans can enjoy a variety of acts under the big top and around the circus grounds.
Fans can enjoy a victory while staying off the court.
Fans can enjoy food prepared on six gas grills and three charcoal girlls.
Fans can enjoy other sporting events as well.
Fans can ensure themselves good seats now by ordering tickets early.
Fans can enter club chat rooms.
Fans can enter the contest and wait on a drawing that determines the five contestants.
Fans can enter the stadium from the subway without venturing outdoors.
Fans can even catch a glimpse the team before the season starts.
Fans can even catch an episode or two in their down time.
Fans can even leave personal ads for each other.
Fans can expect a more mature sound, but with some of the original harmony and melody still present.
Fans can expect good, clean family fun and a wholesome night of baseball.
Fans can expect to hear the first single from that release, Minority, as well as past hits.
Fans can expect to see great entertainment.
Fans can expect to see more visible marketing strategies next year.
Fans can expect to see other familiar faces.
Fans can expect very intense, very heated, very physical contests.
Fans can find in-depth World Series coverage on television, radio, newspapers, and on the Internet.
Fans can find parking in the main stadium lot including numerous handicapped spaces.
Fans can follow and see if they meet their dreams of making it to the big leagues.
Fans can follow both matches, point by point, on the Scoreboard page on the official website.
Fans can follow every game live with official real-time stats gathered courtside.
Fans can follow the games live, or can replay any game in whole or in part.
Fans can follow their favorite teams from the comfort of a sports bar.
Fans can gain access to the paddock and jostle shoulders with their heroes.
Fans can get a good view of the competition anywhere along the course.
Fans can get any game on the Internet.
Fans can get caps, flags, beanie mascots and other merchandise featuring their favorite team's logo.
Fans can get close to the action, with bleachers straddling the first-base line.
Fans can get massages and haircuts in the stands.
Fans can get tips on fundamentals, buy autographed merchandise and participate in scheduled chats.
Fans can get up close to the players as they go through the first full-contact drill of the camp.
Fans can get up to the minute stats for all conference and home games for men and women.
Fans can go to games after work, park their cars and go to dinner after the games.
Fans can guarantee their seat location for the future by buying season tickets right now.
Fans can have their choice.
Fans can have their hand stamped if they wish to exit to smoke.
Fans can have their picture taken with the Cup.
Fans can hear records shattering already.
Fans can hear the quarterback calling signals.
Fans can help lower air conditioning costs.
Fans can help make the higher temperatures comfortable.
Fans can help reduce cooling cost.
Fans can interact with our writers and butt heads with other fans.
Fans can join the chat in progress or submit questions in advance.
Fans can keep track of ball games with info updated within a minute of the action at the stadium.
Fans can listen to all of the men's and women's basketball games live on the web.
Fans can listen to music before they buy.
Fans can literally change the momentum of the game all by themselves by being loud and enthusiastic.
Fans can literally leave Tower City and come right out here. .
Fans can log on to their website and see the scores as they happen.
Fans can look forward to upgraded public restroom facilities and a new area for renting skates.
Fans can mail a check, contribute online, or phone in a donation.
Fans can mail contributions to the musuem with a return envelope for stubs, same as with the quilt.
Fans can make pledges or send donations until the last game of the season.
Fans can meet at MOOs, build websites, exchange e-mail, and post to newsgroups.
Fans can meet the stars, watch crews build the track and choose their seats.
Fans can mill about the food court before, during and after the show.
Fans can mostly likely expect solo releases in the meantime.
Fans can never get enough facts and commentary.
Fans can nominate players for selection, then vote in their own balloting.
Fans can now buy their tickets on the internet before leaving home.
Fans can now experience their ultimate football dreams.
Fans can now play as many of their favourite movie characters.
Fans can offer their questions and comments live in person or via the phone.
Fans can only hope.
Fans can only take so much.
Fans can order official merchandise via secure, online credit card transactions.
Fans can order the game directly through the email.
Fans can order tickets and register for tours online.
Fans can pause for a moment to get a shoeshine or get their sneakers washed.
Fans can pay by check or credit card.
Fans can post messages, trade images and have the opportunity to interact with their peers.
Fans can post their own observations.
Fans can pre-order the set at the band's official website .
Fans can purchase a maximum of six tickets.
Fans can purchase corporate tables or tickets, and enjoy lunch with their favorite players.
Fans can purchase food and beverages throughout the day.
Fans can purchase tickets at the box office or by phone.
Fans can purchase tickets in three ways.
Fans can purchase tickets through a variety of convenient ways.
Fans can put in their two cents on the message board.
Fans can rally around it, too, because pickles are fun.
Fans can rate and discuss the albums as well.
Fans can read original content about the production, the cast and crew, and quotes from the actors.
Fans can read plot summaries, interviews with cast and crew, essays, trivia, and reviews.
Fans can really cool a house in warmer months if set up properly.
Fans can receive one free student ticket for every adult ticket purchased.
Fans can register by sending in a form or through the magazine's website.
Fans can relate more with playing in Seattle than they do in some of the eastern cities.
Fans can relate to the players.
Fans can remix the track and email it to friends, or submit it at the site.
Fans can request a brochure for ordering information.
Fans can request an application for membership.
Fans can request up to four tickets per entry.
Fans can ride tigers on the carousel.
Fans can score their favorite games and maintain their team's stats.
Fans can search by film, director or year, and look at the vast array of images.
Fans can see boats and meet racing teams.
Fans can see both games for one price.
Fans can see inside the park through the open fence along Adams near the fountain.
Fans can share opinions and ideas with other fans from around the world.
Fans can show that pride by wearing their favorite establishment's colors.
Fans can show their support by sporting bullhorns, temporary tattoos and hair decorations.
Fans can show their support of the team by wearing their t-shirts during the game.
Fans can sign up to Join the Renegades guest book list here .
Fans can smell that pretty quickly.
Fans can sometimes be a little frightening, though.
Fans can sort out the rest here.
Fans can stand on it and watch the game.
Fans can star as soap opera characters, suggest story lines and win fabulous prizes.
Fans can submit questions by filling in an online form already available on the site.
Fans can subscribe to the email newsletter.
Fans can take advantage of the existing parking lots and garages.
Fans can take streetcars, trolley buses, rapid transit, commuter trains and ferries to games.
Fans can take turns sitting in the simulator and experience what it is like to race on the big oval.
Fans can talk about the player right away.
Fans can talk about their favorite teams, hockey cards, video games, books, and movies.
Fans can then share songs across the planet with the click of a mouse.
Fans can tour the facilities, and musicians can register for recording sessions.
Fans can track how many games they have attended online.
Fans can truly bring the story to life.
Fans can use either the old or new address and they'll still access our Web site.
Fans can use the displays to select multiple camera angles, instant-replays, and other information.
Fans can visit a web site and use the software to get new music clips and information.
Fans can visit the photo gallery.
Fans can visit there to listen to samples and read reviews.
Fans can volley observations and opinions in chat rooms.
Fans can vote for one player at each position per ballot.
Fans can vote for the best players at each position in Super Bowl history.
Fans can vote on the best performance.
Fans can vote on the current topic and submit fan mail to the warriors.
Fans can vote on the Internet for the top state tournament players of all time.
Fans can vote once a day online.
Fans can vote throughout the week and catch the finals next week.
Fans can watch the bikes they can buy at a dealership compete against each other.
Fans can win some great prizes as while supporting hockey in their community.
Fans can, if they so choose, spend two entire days viewing the process via television.
Fans carry gloves to every big-league park.
Fans check out the Hummer during game day.
Fans cheer for the Bluebirds.
Fans cheer for two reasons.
Fans cheer loudly and sometimes boo loudly.
Fans cheer on their hometown fighter and applaud as the opponent's contender hits the ice.
Fans cheer the batter.
Fans cheer the homecoming court.
Fans cheer with renewed vigor. .
Fans cheer, gasp and groan.
Fans choose meat-alternatives for a variety of reasons.
Fans circulate air and open windows allow a certain flow of air through the room.
Fans circulate and exhaust air and are particularly helpful in holding areas.
Fans claim animal by-products are nutritionally no different than any other type of meat.
Fans clearly like what they see.
Fans click on cell phones, which eminate a green glow that illuminates the field.
Fans cluster in the stands and eagerly compare times on their stopwatches.
Fans collect by the players' tunnel, leaning over, peering, waiting.
Fans collect in the heart shaped cells around the field.
Fans come early and set up camp.
Fans come first.
Fans come for the ballpark and the baseball.
Fans come in a variety of sizes.
Fans come to matches with drums, trumpets and firecrackers and create a riot of noise and colour.
Fans come to see players in their regular baseball uniforms.
Fans come to see the players on the field.
Fans come to see the violence, and then get hooked on the game.
Fans come to the ballgame, and they want to enjoy it.
Fans come to the shows, bless their hearts, they always come.
Fans come with a forward and a reverse setting.
Fans compress the air and injectors add fuel.
Fans concentrate on and pursue their objects for their own sake.
Fans constantly blow kisses, flirt and make propositions the women politely ignore.
Fans contend that racing is no more dangerous than other sports.
Fans continually pack the house at local establishments to witness the entertaining group.
Fans continue to be an art form in modern China.
Fans continue to bear the brunt of obscene salaries being paid to professional athletes.
Fans continue to come to training camp and enjoy seeing the players up close.
Fans continue to pay the price.
Fans continue to wonder why it took so long.
Fans cool off the suite in summer.
Fans cool the air, provide circulation and help dissipate odors.
Fans cool through circulation and ventilation, and use much less electricity than air conditioning.
Fans cost less than air conditioning and use less energy.
Fans cost less to run and use less energy than air conditioners.
Fans cost much less to operate than air conditioners.
Fans couldn t turn around without being bombarded with images from the game.
Fans create banners for their favorite drivers.
Fans create suction to draw wastes into the commode.
Fans creating their own stories using the characters from TV shows probably is as old as TV itself.
Fans criticise the move.
Fans crowd the net at half-time during a local match.
Fans debate their favorite passages and try to divine where the whole thing originated.
Fans definitely bond with players that play in the same place year after year.
Fans delight in transvestites, drunks, pimps, vampires and the walking dead.
Fans desert it and switch their allegiance to winning teams.
Fans deserve it.
Fans deserve live television coverage.
Fans deserve more.
Fans deserve much better.
Fans deserve the freedom, and the artists deserve the right to have their creative voice heard.
Fans deserve to watch talented, dedicated people perform.
Fans deserve to.
Fans dig the freak-out.
Fans do all kinds of things on the Net.
Fans do expect their team to get a big lead and then slowly pull away.
Fans do forget that.
Fans do help sweat evaporate, which gives a cooling effect.
Fans do it out of love for what they're doing.
Fans do it.
Fans do make the difference.
Fans do the wave.
Fans do, too.
Fans dominate the scene.
Fans don t put balls through hoops.
Fans don t yell nasty things at golfers.
Fans draw or design pictures of the universe of their choice, but color it through their own eyes.
Fans drink too much at the ball park and yell at ballplayers.
Fans drive hundreds of miles and spend thousands of dollars to feed their craving for auto racing.
Fans dry the air.
Fans eagerly await their next album sometime in the next year.
Fans eat it up.
Fans enjoy an unobstructed view from each of the theatre seats.
Fans enjoy having a voice in the team issues, and input to club mangement.
Fans enjoy interleague play.
Fans enjoy the opportunity to interact with the events taking place at each of our games.
Fans enjoy the sleuth's dry wit, code of honor, and obstinate nature.
Fans enter in from the North, East or South gates.
Fans even get to keep footballs that end up in the stands except for on kicking plays.
Fans everywhere support the top players of their own countries.
Fans exchange the ball for a t-shirt.
Fans expect a bigger school to do better at football.
Fans expect more to their music now.
Fans expect sports professionals to communicate with the same degree of excellence as they perform.
Fans expect teams to play to near perfection.
Fans express themselves freely, and routinely fight over which singer is the best.
Fans feed off that emotion and appreciate and respect drivers all the more.
Fans feel a connection.
Fans feel like today s players are a little bit spoiled, that they re pampered.
Fans fight merger.
Fans fill the stands and cheer enthusiastically for favorites.
Fans find apparently counterintuitive results hard to swallow.
Fans find it hard to relate to such whopping sums.
Fans find the drive to the big game well-worth the effort.
Fans flock to see the ivy and feel the history.
Fans fly into the host city from across the country.
Fans follow their favorite teams and players and even plan vacations around the schedules.
Fans follow their favorites to other shows, where wrestlers appear using their character names.
Fans form a bond with athletes they'll never meet.
Fans generate airflow.
Fans get a chance to talk about the latest happenings on the show.
Fans get a free program and scorecard with updated stats before each series.
Fans get a real charge from flexing muscles.
Fans get after fans.
Fans get all crazy and want a big-name coach.
Fans get annoying after a while.
Fans get autographs.
Fans get first-hand instruction from the best in the business.
Fans get free shot of schnapps with every Bears touchdown.
Fans get more concession stands, restrooms and armchair seating.
Fans get on the air for free.
Fans get ready to see to see the nhl stars of tomorrow with worcester icecats hockey.
Fans get that right when they buy tickets.
Fans get the chance to meet the men's and women's basketball teams.
Fans get to hear what play the offensive coordinator sends to the quarterback.
Fans get to keep any ball they catch in the stands.
Fans get to keep 'em as a souvenir.
Fans get to know one another and enjoy lunch prior to the sing-along.
Fans get to see a few of their favorite big bands on a small stage for the first time in decades.
Fans get to vote for their choices.
Fans get too worked up over one game.
Fans get up to much more.
Fans get upset when there team loses and blame it on the ref.
Fans get what they put up with.
Fans gird themselves with food during the intermissions.
Fans go bad over time, rollers wear out, any number of things.
Fans go crazy.
Fans go to their feet.
Fans go up to the next level using the series of six ramps, elevators, or stairs.
Fans go wild before, during and after the game.
Fans go wild.
Fans grieve but understand that racing continues.
Fans grill out before the game in the South Lot.
Fans grow more and more discontented.
Fans grow up and move on.
Fans hang from above and the surrounding walls offer international beer artwork.
Fans have (part) sections.
Fans have a battle on hands .
Fans have a big impact in big games, like at Miami.
Fans have a chance to participate with web and phone trivia contests and website poll results.
Fans have a definite opinion either way.
Fans have a great vantage point.
Fans have a hard time getting involved in rivalries when they see teams infrequently.
Fans have a right to be heard.
Fans have a right to expect better matchups and performances.
Fans have a right, even a duty, to express their displeasure in that manner.
Fans have better access than at any other type of motor sport event.
Fans have blades.
Fans have different favorites.
Fans have direct access to the teams.
Fans have go to get behind their team.
Fans have little sympathy for overpaid players and cry-baby multimillionaire owners.
Fans have multiple power setting.
Fans have multiple setting.
Fans have no business in the garage none at all.
Fans have one of three options with retained ticket stubs.
Fans have opportunities to obtain autographs and interact with their heroes on a personal level.
Fans have pages dedicated to their favorite type of music, composers, singers, and groups.
Fans have patience to stick with such an author because of past experience.
Fans have round tips.
Fans have setting.
Fans have strolling areas among the diamonds.
Fans have the chance to join that illustrious crew of remixers.
Fans have the following for sale.
Fans have the opportunity to see free practices and are invited to other special events.
Fans have the option of buying early-admission tickets or attending the concert free.
Fans have the right to boo professional athletes.
Fans have their favorites, naturally.
Fans have their way of expressing things, and that is what they do.
Fans have tips.
Fans have to boo somebody.
Fans have to buy both books to get a complete perspective.
Fans have to make up words to describe it.
Fans have yet to witness a win between the two sides as they have all ended in draws.
Fans head towards a closed exit and are crushed against the doors.
Fans help circulate the air.
Fans help cool a person in many situations, but sometimes fans can increase heat stress.
Fans help cool the components during long duration or high operation endurance tests.
Fans help create winners.
Fans here are supportive, but they also expect a winner.
Fans Here are the fans that come with the modded cases.
Fans here know their hockey.
Fans hoot lustily.
Fans hope they're right.
Fans insist it works with spicy foods.
Fans interact in real time.
Fans join the duo onstage as they rap to their heart's content as the show ends.
Fans joust on the Internet.
Fans just consider it a riot.
Fans just dig that sing-along chorus and the supposed depth in all that mumbo jumbo.
Fans just have to be patient.
Fans keep coming back, time and again.
Fans keep poultry, pigs and plants healthy.
Fans know baseball as a timeless game, one that bridges and binds the generations.
Fans know Beanies by name.
Fans know crew chiefs like spend countless hours devising ways to coax more speed from their cars.
Fans know it and abuse the situation.
Fans know it.
Fans know the truth.
Fans know the turkey breast is roasted on site.
Fans know what to expect from minor-league baseball.
Fans learn about physics at halftime in Nebraska.
Fans learn the value of loyalty, honesty, friendship and trust.
Fans like to congregate with people of similar interests and tastes.
Fans like to get to know a team and support it but become frustrated because of players leaving.
Fans like to know what's the inning, how many are on, and how many out.
Fans like to save money while they are being discriminate consumers.
Fans like to see the long ball.
Fans like to watch close games.
Fans line the overpass leading to the bridge, and they line the bridge itself.
Fans line the sidewalks and tailgaters claim every corner.
Fans line up to get autographs and take pictures.
Fans living south of the city can travel the entire trip on light rail.
Fans look forward to the season, and a working family of four can easily afford tickets.
Fans lose because prices go up.
Fans lose when media moguls gobble up sports franchises.
Fans love atmosphere.
Fans love baseball exhibits.
Fans love drama.
Fans love home runs.
Fans love it and critics love it.
Fans love it, and sites see it as yet another way to promote their content.
Fans love it.
Fans love that stuff.
Fans love that.
Fans love the change.
Fans love the fighting, which combines the best and worst aspects of boxing and wrestling.
Fans love the stadium.
Fans love their drivers.
Fans love their local teams.
Fans love to come and watch players having fun.
Fans love to follow winners.
Fans love to go there for spring training.
Fans love to hate.
Fans maintain loyalty as they line streets and wait for glimpse.
Fans make breeze.
Fans make noise.
Fans make the sporting world go round.
Fans make their nightly exodus following the game.
Fans make their way to the bar for a drink and over to our booth for a look.
Fans meet up with the group in underground spots outside the city.
Fans mount at any angle, at any point along ductwork.
Fans move air, increasing evaporation and decreasing temperature.
Fans move air, providing a cooling breeze.
Fans move air.
Fans move around the country all the time, carting around a lot of sports baggage.
Fans move the air from above, but the place still seems hot and close.
Fans naturally oppose any decision to drop their preferred sport.
Fans Never allow a bird to fly while a fan of any sort is running.
Fans never seem to have enough of the hunky-dory hero.
Fans never seem to want their bands to change.
Fans notice the decals that decorate each race car.
Fans notice the goals and assists, but teammates notice the little things.
Fans now play many fantasy sports, including baseball, basketball, hockey, golf, soccer, and nascar.
Fans occasionally mistake one for the other.
Fans offer praise and encouragement for the season ahead.
Fans only apply.
Fans only ask for an honest day's effort out of their millionaires.
Fans only care about the game - the pennant races, the chases for cherished records.
Fans Only Covers all major college sports, incuding the latest scores and recruiting information.
Fans only have access to static information on other sites.
Fans only have one yahren of television episodes to draw upon.
Fans only win one calendar.
Fans operate separately from lights.
Fans pack The Mark on a regular basis.
Fans pay a monthly or annual fee.
Fans pay a premium price to attend college football games.
Fans pay for their own drink at the bar in the room, but everything else is inclusive.
Fans pay for what they like to hear because they are passionate about music.
Fans pay one price and get to see two games.
Fans pay separate admission fees to the adjoining venues.
Fans pay to cheer for the big stars.
Fans paying general admission can use the first floor of the clubhouse at no extra charge.
Fans pepper the field with a chorus of boos.
Fans pick the starting lineups except for pitchers and the NL designated hitter.
Fans play trumpets and drums to lead the singing at big matches.
Fans post opinions on their team's boards.
Fans pour out onto the field in celebration.
Fans press against the closed garage door for a glimpse of the car.
Fans prevent condensation from accumulating on the outside of the followspot window.
Fans produce updrafts.
Fans protest, but only after the fact.
Fans provide a cooling effect by creating a breeze.
Fans provide clean, fresh air on a continuous basis.
Fans provide for warmer weather.
Fans provide it.
Fans provide the atmosphere and excitement.
Fans provide the only cooling breeze.
Fans purchase game programs to read about their favorite players, learn the rules and more.
Fans push air down and through the unstrapped lumber piles to slowly remove moisture.
Fans quickly fill the seats of the cavernous stadium.
Fans quit coming.
Fans reach over the center field wall, fighting for position to catch the dropping ball.
Fans react with open emotion to their professional entertainment.
Fans really identify with our coaching staff and our players.
Fans receive a confirmation e-mail as well.
Fans receive plenty of information on batting averages and box scores from regular baseball cards.
Fans receive their tickets at the concert site, before getting off the bus.
Fans recognize both as the very best representatives of all that is good about college athletics.
Fans recognize it by leaves that are more narrow, lanceolate, and greyish than arugula's.
Fans recognize the pattern.
Fans recommend the meatloaf.
Fans reduce damage to set up easier Pins.
Fans rejoice, critics impressed, sales by the truckload.
Fans relate to their angry yet emotionally driven music.
Fans relax and enjoy the nine-hour concert.
Fans religiously watch such sports throughout the season.
Fans remain standing.
Fans remove the solvent-laden air.
Fans repay the favor with remarkable loyalty.
Fans riot in the streets of downtown Vancouver following the loss.
Fans rise to the occasion.
Fans roll into the stadiums like baseballs hurling from a pitching machine.
Fans run but the system overheats.
Fans run the gamut.
Fans rush out of the stands, eager to mix it up with players, police, and each other.
Fans rush the court as the horn blows.
Fans rush to the stores.
Fans savor a liquor alternatingly sweet and woody but never dull.
Fans say baseball is back . . .
Fans say combat is instinctive to some breeds.
Fans say size, fresh ingredients and flavorful toppings.
Fans say soybean products help prevent cancer, heart disease, and other illnesses.
Fans say the band are destroying football chants when they strike up a row at matches.
Fans say their brand loyalty comes from feeling a kinship with the drivers.
Fans say they had the best time of their life.
Fans say they're relieved.
Fans scramble up from their basements.
Fans see players competing for more than the average person makes in a year.
Fans see players jumping with excitement and want to join in the moment.
Fans see subtle and beautiful works that feel like baseball.
Fans see that there's potential there for success now and in the future.
Fans see the end result, an interception.
Fans see through that.
Fans seem curious.
Fans seem divided in their feelings about the pending divorce.
Fans seem only a little disgruntled by the discrepancy in alcohol policy at campus sporting events.
Fans seem particularly to enjoy lunch here.
Fans seem to agree with the station's choice.
Fans seem to be more excited about watching practice at camp than going to the preseason games.
Fans seem to think that the players are superhuman and never mess up.
Fans select only the eight starting position players.
Fans serve several purposes.
Fans share their picks for the gutsiest performances in college hoops and college football history.
Fans simply blow the air out of a contained volume and the air density decreases.
Fans simply fill out a form to obtain a card that can be used all season long.
Fans sing along to every tune and shout out comments to the characters.
Fans sipping complimentary cocktails can see every on-ice grimace.
Fans sit feet away from the action.
Fans sit on pull-out bleachers and a blue curtain hangs behind one basket.
Fans sit on the edge of their seats.
Fans sitting down the foul lines have to turn their heads to face home plate.
Fans snatch up spinoff magazines, videos, novels and comic books.
Fans sound too complicated.
Fans speak directly to the camera, revealing the intensity of their commitment.
Fans speak louder than words.
Fans speak of it with unmatched reverence.
Fans speak out and give their own dedication to their favorite celebrity.
Fans speed up in response to higher temperatures.
Fans spend freely to support the companies and brands that back their favorite drivers.
Fans spend more than ever following their teams.
Fans spin lazily overhead, helping move the presumably stagnant and humid air.
Fans spread pollens.
Fans stand and cheer for the work done.
Fans stand and wave as the drivers parade around the track.
Fans stand in vain for autographs.
Fans start trickling back, realizing it's that or baseball.
Fans stay in their homes to watch.
Fans stay riveted to the games, watching teams chase dreams of a national title.
Fans stick with their teams through rebuilding years.
Fans still believe there is more footage to be found.
Fans still brace for the nuclear winter.
Fans still get to watch at least ten players in every game, a lot of points, and pressure defense.
Fans still have disposable income.
Fans still recall that great play-off.
Fans still ruin expensive suits going after foul balls that cost five dollars.
Fans still wear No.
Fans strap on sumo wrestling padding for one contest.
Fans stream into Phoenix from Chicago, Seattle and Denver, among other places.
Fans submit questions at the official site, but the ones that are answered seem like softballs.
Fans supply much-needed air flow and fluorescents provide adequate light.
Fans supply the weapons. . .
Fans support taxpayer subsidies mainly because teams threaten to relocate.
Fans support the athletic programs through ticket sales and private donations.
Fans support the companies that support their sport.
Fans swear by the osso buco and risotto.
Fans swipe their cards each game they attend to receive valuable prizes.
Fans take note.
Fans take that real seriously.
Fans talk about what they like.
Fans talk knowledgeably of British 'firms' and battle tactics.
Fans tell their own experiences.
Fans tend to be really loud, really boisterous, and everywhere during the festivities.
Fans tend to draw a line as to what kind of anime they like.
Fans tend to forget that coaches and players take losses much harder than even the most fervent fan.
Fans tend to see artists as magical figures with envious lives.
Fans tend to side with struggling anti-heroes.
Fans tend to think a champion's mind is obsessively focused on winning and the finish line.
Fans there are beyond apathetic when their teams suck.
Fans thrill to courageous performances and dramatic victories.
Fans thrive on atty-tood.
Fans throw flares and rip out seats.
Fans travel from Japan, Italy, Germany, England and Canada as well as every state in the union.
Fans tune in because they want to get away from the business world.
Fans tune in on real audio broadcast and channel operators keep the scoreboard up to date.
Fans turn out in droves, swamping sports bars and local venues.
Fans use it, reporters use it, but coaches almost never use it.
Fans use less electricity than either central air-conditioning or window units.
Fans use much less energy than air conditioners.
Fans use much less energy.
Fans use no more electricity than light bulbs.
Fans use only about one-tenth of the energy that air conditioning does.
Fans view Chip as a ringleader in a large CU circus during sporting events.
Fans view signs while enjoying an interactive sporting event.
Fans vocalize their surroundings.
Fans vote for the starters .
Fans vote for the starters by ballots distributed at games and movie theaters.
Fans vote for the starters.
Fans vote for the top player for each match in the World Cup tournament .
Fans vote for the top player for each match in the World Cup tournament.
Fans vote for their favorite players.
Fans vote on the best appearing cars.
Fans waiting more than four decades for a one-city showdown are delirious with delight.
Fans watch tackling as much as running and passing.
Fans watch the races from the stands.
Fans watch the sound check.
Fans watch, support and maybe even worship eleven men running around a pitch every weekend.
Fans wear the motto on buttons.
Fans welcome, too.
Fans whirl overhead throughout the villa to supplement the trade winds when desired.
Fans whoop it up.
Fans work best when blowing air out.
Fans work by creating a wind-chill effect on our skin.
Fans worship every weekend in venues where they engage in communal singing.
Fans always get a great show when they go to Vegas and that's what it's all about.
Fans always join in the singing.
Fans always see an exciting race here.
Fans always seem to be interested in what the coach has to say.
Fans often disagree with the story direction and get quite vocal about their likes and dislikes.
Fans often follow, dress and act like their idols, often giving the celebrities superstar status.
Fans often leave their grills out to cool, unattended, during the first half.
Fans often make the mistake to transfer their own stark interest over to the whole mankind.
Fans often reserve hotel rooms months in advance, while others choose to stay at local campgrounds.
Fans often worry when solo projects threaten to scuttle their favourite band.
Fans sometimes can get autographs as players work their way back to the clubhouse.
Fans sometimes expect the second game to follow the same script as the first.
Fans sometimes forget that professional athletes are humans, too.
Fans usually respect an unofficial list's power, and things run smoothly.
All fans are available with or without lights.
All fans are eligible for great prizes.
All fans are eligible for the relocation program.
All fans are high pressure to prevent against back air pressure.
All fans are of ball-bearing construction.
All fans are welcome to attend.
All fans are welcome to join the list and share their thoughts with like minded fans.
All fans are welcome to post.
All fans are welcome to submit their artwork for inclusion on the site.
All fans are welcome.
All fans are wlecome to attend or call-in and join the fun.
All fans attending the game get a free collectable poster.
All fans can do now is keep hoping and writing.
All fans can purchase dollar beers, sodas and hot dogs.
All fans come with a wooden display stand.
All fans get VIP parking and free seating.
All fans have tachometer outputs which are monitored by the system management facility.
All fans have that one team they root for more than any other.
All fans have variable-speed drives.
All fans welcome to watch.
All fans welcome.
Any fan can choose whichever open seat is available and make it their own for the season.
Any fan infringing on another fan's enjoyment of the game is subject to ejection from the ballpark.
Any fan's a good fan.
Any fans know that it's a problem of the lens or the bubble at the optics is very common.
Every fan has a favorite character or scene from the series.
Every fan has a favorite wrestler.
Every fan has their favorite moments.
Every fan needs a copy.
Every fan serves a purpose.
Many fans also bring along lawn chairs to set up on the sidewalk surrounding the fence.
Many fans also enjoy the complement of other sports played here.
Many fans also enjoy the Equestrian room, a grandstand dining area open to the general public.
Many fans are already in town searching for non-existant tickets.
Many fans are curious to know what the current status of the show is.
Many fans are international, especially from the United States.
Many fans are of the baby boom generation, but listeners of all ages can be seen.
Many fans are under the impression that the band remains obscure by choice.
Many fans are worried, but are taking a wait and see stance.
Many fans argue that on television the companions left and never came back.
Many fans avoid spoilers like an extraterrestrial virus because they want to be surprised.
Many fans bring beer iced down in containers.
Many fans call it their best because it has many different parts .
Many fans call it their best because it has many different parts.
Many fans cite the camraderie of the cast as a reason for the show's success.
Many fans come to watch the games and enjoy chatting with new and old friends.
Many fans dedicate their website to their favourite wrestler.
Many fans disapprove of their actions and made public announcements .
Many fans disapprove of their actions and made public announcements.
Many fans dream of volunteering at one of the race's checkpoints.
Many fans drive for hours just to visit, share nostalgic tales and hear stories of the stars.
Many fans enjoy tailgate parties before football games.
Many fans express their enjoyment of the violence over the web.
Many fans feel that a large exec is a waste of manpower resources.
Many fans feel that the characters are one of the most important parts of an RPG or adventure game.
Many fans have a better record.
Many fans have their own images too.
Many fans keep their programs as souvenirs.
Many fans like to coin names that encompass their support their favorite character and couple.
Many fans make large signs, highlighting their favorite player.
Many fans pass on a CD because they like only one or two songs.
Many fans plan to get in line, regardless.
Many fans probably feel the same.
Many fans say that they like it better.
Many fans say they enjoy the sense of community they find in online forums devoted to the series.
Many fans think life eases up for coaches once the season ends.
Many fans wear golf shoes.
Many fans write in with the same or similar questions.
More fans are into it.
More fans are tuned in and invested because of the storylines, and the drama.
More fans line up for careers in sports.
More fans loiter around at the rink.
More fans support it.
Most fans often seem just as fickle, shifting their affections as easily as they trade hats.
Most fans agree that as long as no profit is made, then no one is going to care what they write.
Most fans are courteous, respectful and handle themselves as ladies and gentlemen.
Most fans are exceptionally fair, but there are always a few bad apples around.
Most fans are on the back of the computer, so position the computer a few inches from the wall.
Most fans are really, really cool.
Most fans arrive at the track by crowded subway.
Most fans bear two good flower scapes.
Most Fans believe that adult manga is the sexiest thing in the world.
Most fans can t understand the attitude.
Most fans can understand why.
Most fans check their phones voluntarily.
Most fans come from the area.
Most fans concentrate on the offense when they discuss turnovers.
Most fans do in fact prefer watching their local teams on TV to a national broadcast.
Most fans do it in a very different and innocent way.
Most fans easily install in the place of any ceiling light socket.
Most fans find it to be a hard two hours to sit through.
Most fans go to the stage door after the performances to chat with cast members.
Most fans have a switch to change the direction of the blade.
Most fans have a switch used to reverse the direction of the air flow.
Most fans have either a ball bearing or a sleeve bearing.
Most fans have multiple power setting.
Most fans have multiple setting.
Most fans have round tips.
Most fans have tips.
Most fans know that fourth and fifth seeds are virtually interchangeable.
Most fans make noise.
Most fans prefer seeing a game on natural turf.
Most fans produce updrafts.
Most fans realize the challenges that crew chiefs face each race day and each qualifying day.
Most fans seem to miss the dark humour and cynicism.
Most fans seem to think the answer is 'yes'.
Most fans think of it as a way to stop the opposition from scoring.
Most fans think the perquisites of the elite are deserved.
Most fans think there's no chance of getting tickets to the game.
Most fans wear comfortable shoes and cool summer shorts.
Some fans actually follow their idol into death.
Some fans adore their chosen subject, yet realise the boundary between reality and fiction.
Some fans also think the protests have been futile.
Some fans are downright protective.
Some fans are excited about the move.
Some fans are happy with their seats at the first game, while others have complaints.
Some fans are obviously delighted.
Some fans are part of ambulances.
Some fans are part of automobiles.
Some fans are part of autos.
Some fans are part of cars.
Some fans are part of dumpers.
Some fans are part of go-karts.
Some fans are part of motorbikes.
Some fans are part of pickups.
Some fans are part of taxis.
Some fans are part of trucks.
Some fans are really avid.
Some fans are round, some rectangular.
Some fans are so touched,they devote portions of the year to traveling with the band.
Some fans begin to leave in the bottom of the ninth.
Some fans believe that it does.
Some fans bow their heads.
Some fans can give up their seats for a full refund.
Some fans cheer, others grumble, and everyone awaits the rematch.
Some fans complain about it.
Some fans concentrate on collecting just the cars driven by their favorite driver.
Some fans didn t get in until close to halftime.
Some fans disagree.
Some fans do the same thing.
Some fans enjoy the late games, but some think they're on too late.
Some fans even describe it as a surgery-free face lift.
Some fans even make pilgrimages to cities where the show has just opened.
Some fans feel the cup drivers come to steal the show.
Some fans find shade from the searing sun in the third-base dugout.
Some fans follow characters.
Some fans get bored with what feels like a neverending season.
Some fans go a step further and try to be more creative.
Some fans grouse about seeing stars in the abyss.
Some fans have a separate motor hub into which the hanger pipe mounts.
Some fans have advantage.
Some fans have been know to burst into flames while sitting unprotected in the sun-drenched stands.
Some fans have branches.
Some fans have fans.
Some fans have favorite series.
Some fans have ideas.
Some fans have issues.
Some fans have major advantage.
Some fans have more respect than others.
Some fans have other interpretations , however.
Some fans judge the quality of a concert by the injuries they receive.
Some fans jump at the chance.
Some fans just pick their chairs up and make the walk between stages every hour and a half.
Some fans just pick up their chairs and make the short walk between stages every hour and a half.
Some fans leaving the game come to find beer splashed all over their cars.
Some fans mount on poles.
Some fans perform salt rituals.
Some fans prefer sprint cars.
Some fans provide information.
Some fans provide results.
Some fans remain unconvinced.
Some fans run fast.
Some fans run slowly.
Some fans say it's their favorite.
Some fans say they see no harm in placing bets on college games.
Some fans see the move as a Pitino plea for affection.
Some fans seem a bit worried.
Some fans seem to be musically inclined.
Some fans seem to decide when to leave the game based on when they sober up.
Some fans take their spirit one step further.
Some fans think that a game strictly adhering to the laws of physics cuts down on the fun.
Some fans think that it is an honor to go see their favorite artists perform.
Some fans wobble which is due to unmatched or uneven fan blades.
Fanaloka isa civet.
Fanalokas have (part) brains.
Fanalokas have (part) breasts.
Fanalokas have (part) cell membranes.
Fanalokas have (part) cells.
Fanalokas have (part) chest cavities.
Fanalokas have (part) chests.
Fanalokas have (part) corpi.
Fanalokas have (part) cytoplasm.
Fanalokas have (part) ears.
Fanalokas have (part) faces.
Fanalokas have (part) heads.
Fanalokas have (part) nuclei.
Fanalokas have (part) pedal extremities.
Fanalokas have (part) piluses.
Fanalokas have (part) plasma membranes.
Fanalokas have (part) rib cages.
Fanalokas have (part) sections.
Fanalokas have (part) skulls.
Fanalokas have (part) sterna.
Fanalokas have (part) vacuoles.
Fanalokas have (part) vertebrate feet.
All fanart characters are property of their respective companies.
Fanatic fire drives away.
Fanatic groups are back, bringing to mind the total-war tactics used by the Aquino military.
Fanatic tolerance tries to protect the human potential to find truth in the midst of controversy.
A fanatic is an enthusiast
Fanatics are cool.
Fanatics are enthusiastic, but such enthusiasm can sometimes lead to stupidity or even violence.
Fanatics are enthusiasts.
Fanatics are people.
Fanatics call their opponents bigots.
Fanatics challenge stability too.
Fanatics forget the essence of the message.
Some fanatics argue that their OS can be made more secure in the long run.
Some fanatics have very good hearts and are very nice.
Fanatical people pray.
A fanaticism is intolerance
Fanaticism brooks no constraints.
Fanaticism can only destroy it.
Fanaticism comes from any form of chosen blindness accompanying the pursuit of a single dogma.
Fanaticism is a dangerous mental illness.
Fanaticism is a phenomenon that is truly ecumenical.
Fanaticism is a type of sinful zeal.
Fanaticism is alive and well today just as it was in Puritan times.
Fanaticism is based on absolute truth, and fanaticism kills people.
Fanaticism is essentially the same in all cultures.
Fanaticism is insanity.
Fanaticism is misplaced enthusiasm, over zealous, no spiritual self control.
Fanaticism is no virtue.
Fanaticism is non-rational.
Fanaticism is totally alien to the Sicilian modus vivendi.
Fanaticism knows no religion.
Fanaticism leads to fanaticism.
Fanaticism leads to persecution and fanaticism is never commended in Scripture.
Fanaticisms are intolerance.
All fanaticism is repressed doubt.
All fanaticism springs from an aberration of the mind-from a defect in reasoning.
Fancier offerings exist for waterfowl, bluebirds, owls and purple martins.
Fanciful decor is everywhere.
Fanciful marks are coined words that never existed before.
Fanciful Mermaids See the spirit of the playful mermaid in the beautifully crafted displays.
Fanciful tales offer another part of the reading menu.
More fanciful theories exist, as well.
Fanciful visions come before the mind.
Fanclub site includes interview, pictures, bio, and results.
Fanconi anaemia forges a novel pathway.
Fanconi anaemia is more likely to occur after first cousin marriages.
Fanconi anemia is also a risk factor for developing acute myelogenous leukemia .
Fanconi anemia is also a risk factor for developing acute myelogenous leukemia.
Fanconi anemia is aplastic anemia.
Fanconi anemia is diseases.
Fanconi anemia is genetic conditions.
Fanconi anemia is seriously under- or misdiagnosed.
Fanconi anemia is very rare.
Fanconi anemia keeps the body from making bone marrow.
Fanconi anemia occurs in all racial and ethnic groups.
Fanconi syndrome can be genetic or acquired later in life.
Fanconi syndrome is a complex of multiple dysfunctions of the kidney's tubules.
Fanconi syndrome is a disorder affecting the kidneys .
Fanconi syndrome is a disorder affecting the kidneys.
Fanconi syndrome is an impairment in proximal tubular function of the kidney.
Fancy additives are unnecessary.
Fancy algorithms are buggier than simple ones, and they're much harder to implement.
Fancy algorithms are slow when n is small, and n is usually small.
Fancy algorithms have big constants.
Fancy backgrounds are only useful to hide poor content.
Fancy backgrounds have some people waiting for a long time.
Fancy brass caps around the drop and the round beads.
Fancy brigades strut in precision.
Fancy canopy beds mix with computer workstations and chests.
Fancy cars blend into a sea of chrome on the narrow strip.
Fancy cars jam their parking lots.
Fancy chandeliers drop from the ceilings and overly ornate curtains hang from windows.
Fancy colors diamonds consists of pink, red, and blue.
Some fancy colors are rarer than others.
Fancy dances call for intricate steps and more elaborate attire.
Fancy dancers make use of bright colors, as well as more modern materials, patterns and motifs.
All fancy dancers use twirlers.
Fancy desserts have their place but the humble crumble is hard to beat.
A fancy dress is a costume
A fancy dress is a disguise
Fancy dress is the order for the evening and the lake is to be strung with Japanese lanterns.
Fancy fonts make text difficult to read.
Fancy Foods Try our fancy gourmet foods today or give as agift to someone who loves food.
Fancy feet grace the festival as well.
Fancy footwork heats up the stage.
Fancy gadgets can sometimes divert the child from the true meaning of the process.
Fancy goldfish are available in many interesting shapes and beautiful colors.
Fancy goldfish can actually be more expensive than many tropical fish.
Fancy goldfishes have expectancy.
Fancy goldfishes have life expectancy.
Most fancy goldfishes have expectancy.
Most fancy goldfishes have life expectancy.
Fancy grades have mostly good quality.
Fancy grades provide some good quality and color.
Fancy graphics can look exciting at first glance but quickly become annoying over time.
Fancy graphics look enticing but are slow to load.
Fancy graphics slow the user down.
Fancy hairstyles are equally reprehensible.
Most fancy hibiscus sold today are grafts onto clonally propagated or seedling rootstocks.
Fancy hose seems to be the new growth area.
Fancy indexing provides more information than simple indexing.
Fancy jasper facilitates tranquility and helps eliminates worry and depression.
Fancy Letters Have children write a few large letters of the alphabet on a sheet of drawing paper.
Fancy lines See a counter help page .
Fancy locations mean big rents.
Fancy microphones can be very difficult.
Fancy mode is also available to make the images appear in blocks rather than lines.
Fancy mice are extremely pretty.
Fancy mice are social and can live together in pairs.
Fancy mice come in an assortment of wonderful colors and markings.
Fancy ones add whatever the kitchen has too much of as extras.
Fancy ones can have beads or ribbons hanging from string off the top.
Some fancy oysters are available, and wild game is particularly abundant.
Fancy paper is a penny apiece.
Fancy patterns are quite nice.
Fancy people are weird.
Fancy Pigeons are specialized breeds kept by hobbyists and pigeon fanciers.
Fancy rats are domesticated brown rats .
Fancy rats are domesticated brown rats.
Fancy rats care for themselves, and are thus very affordable compared to even other small pets.
Fancy restaurants are really about the food.
Fancy restaurants have candles lit on fancy tables.
Fancy restaurants take their fare on the road.
Fancy restaurants use lighting as a means to complement the appearance of patrons as well as food.
Fancy resumes are for the most part a waste of money or time.
Fancy scopes have what is called an equatorial mount.
Fancy shapes are marquise, emerald, pear, oval, and square.
Fancy sheets are another subject of heightened competition.
Fancy skin creams in Hollywood bathrooms.
Fancy stereo panning on the instuments give the song a cool surround feel.
Fancy suspenders are available upon request.
Fancy testers can be expensive, and are usually specified to test certain voltages.
Fancy things are marbles for the dumb.
Fancy titles are a time-drain for many scrapbookers.
Fancy versions have additional blades for julienne and french-fry cutting.
Fancies are like shadows. . .
Fancies are specialty jacks rounds.
Fancies are very much upon personal taste.
Fancies have a richer color and are graded by their evenness of color.
Fancies thickly come Into the pensive heart ill fortified, And comfortless despairs the soul benumb.
Fancy is imagination.
Fancy is misconception
Fancy is racehorses.
A fandom is mass
Fandom does, but only occasionally.
All fandoms are welcome.
Every fandom needs sub-fandoms.
Some fandoms are kinkier than others.
FanEx membership is by invitation and ballot only.
Fanfare illustrates quite a few good points about review journals.
Fanfare is a display
Fanfares are used today as music at the start of television and radio news programs .
Fanfares are used today as music at the start of television and radio news programs.
Much fanfare sends the duckies off, with live music and a picnic in the park.
Fanfic writers pore over the relationship between the pair.
Fanfic writers take note.
Fanfold media feeds through back of printer, works right every time.
Fang art is characterized by organized clarity and distinct lines and shapes.
A fang is a member
Fang isa tooth.
Fangs are canines.
Fangs are extremities.
Fangs are how they defend themselves, just as dogs have teeth.
Fangs are humans.
Fangs are tooths.
Fangs contain poison.
Fangs crunch through timber like wet cardboard.
Fangs fill with venom.
Fangs have (part) bone cells.
Fangs have (part) cell membranes.
Fangs have (part) corpi.
Fangs have (part) cytoplasm.
Fangs have (part) enamel.
Fangs have (part) ground substances.
Fangs have (part) marrow.
Fangs have (part) mast cells.
Fangs have (part) nuclei.
Fangs have (part) plasma membranes.
Fangs have (part) pulp cavities.
Fangs have (part) root canals.
Fangs have (part) sections.
Fangs have (part) tooth roots.
Fangs have (part) vacuoles.
Fangs is busy sketching out some tigers.
Fangs release venom.
Fangs wear out quickly, so up to six replacements are continually growing in each jaw.
Most fangs contain poison.
Most fangs fill with venom.
Some fangs deliver poison.
Some fangs deliver venom.
Some fangs have glands.
Some fangs have venom glands.
Some fangs inject deadly venom.
Some fangs inject venom.
Some fangs penetrate human skin.
Some fangs penetrate lungs.
Some fangs penetrate skin.
Fanglike appendages are associated with venom glands at the tips of each jaw.
Fango treatments relax tired muscles, detoxify and revitalize the body.
Fanlight locks have a metal bolt to secure the metal arm used to open and close the window.
A fanny pack is a belt bag
Fanny packs are comfortable and convenient too.
Fanny packs are very useful for keeping food, drink, notebook and other supplies close at hand.
Fanny packs come in all shapes, sizes and degrees of quality.
Fanny polish is the only thing recommended for the hickory bark seat.
A fanny is a sex organ
Fanny arrives as a preadolescent.
Fanny is availbale to the first loving individual or individuals.
Fanny always smells when somethin s downwind.
Fans Fans continue to be an important accessory to life in the heat of the islands.
FANS Lets start the track season out with a strong fan showing the first night.
Fans site is owned by canada football .
Fans site is owned by canmedia .
Fans site is owned by Manitoba .
Fantail darters occur in riffle areas of streams where there are cobbles and gravel.
Fantail mullets have bases.
A fantail is an overhang
Fantails are birds.
Fantails are overhangs.
Fantails are to be judged by comparison.
Fantails have two horizontal lobes on their tails.
Fantails make an interesting addition to a freshwater aquarium.
Fantails frequently form associations with other species in order obtain prey.
Fantails often follow the whiteheads and hunt small flying insects that they disturb.
A fantasia is a piece
Fantasia introduces stereo sound to American public.
Fantasia is a Canadian company that sells sensual products and fine lingerie.
Fantasia is a feature-length film that choreographs animation to music.
Fantasia is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe .
Fantasia is a kinetic painting, complete with serious music.
Fantasia is a Russian soldier with super-powers.
Fantasia is a series of animation segments.
Fantasia is an idea in itself.
Fantasia is such a work.
Fantasia is supposed to delve into worlds through imagery and music.
Fantasia is the first great film of the year and the new millennium.
Fantasia para desenboluer las manos.
Fantasia pour guitare et piano.
Fantasia provides almost total room darkening and privacy, while protecting furniture and carpeting.
Fantasia requires tables of no less than ten.
Fantasia returns in a big way thanks to computer technology.
Fantasias are musical compositions.
Fantasized fears are real threats to children.
Fantastic architecture is abundant in the old city.
Fantastic bonus being there is a wonderful person inside it.
Fantastic boys retro bobby suit is a classic.
Fantastic breakfasts include biscuits.
Fantastic breakfasts include fry biscuits.
Fantastic claims demand equally remarkable proofs.
Fantastic claims require extraordinary evidences.
Fantastic creations combine the talents of artists, engineers and technologists.
Fantastic deals are to be found everywhere.
Fantastic diets is one of the largest diet product distributors on the web.
Many fantastic door prizes as well.
Fantastic enamel work on shield.
Fantastic golf is never a gamble in Nevada and Utah.
Fantastic hotels are all over the city, with the big names drawing most visitors.
Fantastic Internet disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Fantastic journeys await between the pages of a good book.
Fantastic literature encompasses works of fantasy and science fiction.
Fantastic literature falls into six categories.
Fantastic literature has enormous editorial success.
Fantastic literature has several things in common with magical realism, but it is less believable.
Fantastic nature walks and healthful spa treatments are an everyday pleasure here.
Fantastic opportunities exist for corporate sponsorships.
Fantastic owners duplex with lots of upgrades.
Fantastic photos accompany well-written descriptions of wildlife, sites, and people of the islands.
Fantastic pictures show animals engaged in all sorts of conversation.
Fantastic plots let sci-fi filmmakers explore themes such as the environment and war.
Fantastic prizes are available to the successful treasure hunter.
Fantastic scapes call to mind both mythological and futuristic space.
Fantastic sex is built on love.
Fantastic shopping is only a short drive from the hotel.
Fantastic snorkeling is offered and a very delicious lunch.
Fantastic stories can happen in unexpected places.
Fantastic TEs are an uncommon find in the recruiting wars.
Fantastic technology is explained.
Fantastic value makes for a shopper's paradise.
Fantastic views are available all round.
Fantastic visions appear from nowhere-from shapes in smoke, to lines on the palms of the hand.
Fantastic visions can appear from nowhere - from shapes in smoke to lines on the palms of the hand.
Fantastic windows overlooks the golf course.
Fantasy art is a wide category and can easily overlap other categories.
Fantasy art is rich in representations of dragons of all forms and colors.
Fantasy art is the keyword here.
Fantasy authors select site.
Fantasy baseball is a numbers game.
Fantasy baseball is a tough business, and a plethora of online roto-style games crowd the market.
Fantasy baseball is the next best thing to playing baseball.
Fantasy baseball reveals character.
Fantasy books are probably America's great contribution to literature for children.
Fantasy fiction is particularly rich in references to the flat Earth.
Most fantasy films fall into certain boxes.
Most fantasy films have one.
Fantasy football is a game based on real live football.
Fantasy football is a game of some degree of skill and a lot of luck.
Fantasy football is a juggling act.
Fantasy football is fun.
Fantasy games are fiction-based.
Fantasy games have maps of everything.
Most fantasy games focus on humans and elves.
Fantasy Island is on the right hand side.
Fantasy land Separating people from prices distorts moral impulses in a predictable way.
Fantasy leagues are American.
Every fantasy league has turnover.
Most fantasy leagues combine defense and special teams.
Fantasy literature is marked by a fascination with mythology, folk tale, and fable.
Fantasy novels are now pretty much as predictable as a pornographic movie.
Fantasy novels are the male equivalent of bodice-rippers for women.
Most fantasy novels have numerous characters and personal encounters through out the plot.
Fantasy play is a powerful learning tool that children use to find who they are.
Fantasy play is an extremely positive way for a child to develop a healthy emotional life.
Fantasy play is an important and sometimes private part of children's development.
Fantasy play is their ever dependable pathway to knowledge and certainty.
Fantasy play requires props.
Many fantasy settings are at least loosely based on actual historical periods.
Fantasy sports are games.
Fantasy sports are popular.
Fantasy sports is an outlet for just such a person.
Fantasy sports is indeed big business.
Fantasy sports provide online entertainment and fun.
Fantasy TV is more like it.
Fantasy writers wage a noble battle against the forces of schlock.
A fantasy is imagination
Fantasies are a distraction from the business of running our lives successfully and realistically.
Fantasies are a normal part of most people's sex lives, with men taking the lead over women here.
Fantasies are always the toughest to make commercial hits.
Fantasies are easier to cope with than taking the risk to change.
Fantasies are fiction.
Fantasies are for the fanciful.
Fantasies are golden rays of natural illumination.
Fantasies are healthy.
Fantasies are imagination.
Fantasies are just that - fantasies, but religion is a dangerous thing.
Fantasies are just that, fantasies, and a way to explore the real world in a safe way.
Fantasies are mere dreams that float through our minds and are soon forgotten.
Fantasies are okay.
Fantasies are part of childhood.
Fantasies are primal.
Fantasies are true.
Fantasies are universal, yet private.
Fantasies are very particular for each person.
Fantasies are viruses which cause fevers in human minds.
Fantasies are wonderful things for couples.
Fantasies are, after all, the stuff that cybsersex is made of.
Fantasies become reality and dreams come true.
Fantasies become reality sailing around the British Virgin Islands.
Fantasies begin slightly later for girls.
Fantasies can also reveal a lot about our true selves, our desires and needs.
Fantasies can be a way to create a world of adventure, as some groups do.
Fantasies can be better than the reality.
Fantasies can be brief and simple or long and complex.
Fantasies can become real in a totally different way.
Fantasies carry messages as the erotic imagination effects the physical and mental worlds.
Fantasies die hard in the hypnotic world of boosterism and exploitation.
Fantasies die very slowly, and sometimes live forever.
Fantasies is okey and role-play between consent adults.
Fantasies mingle with reality and it all becomes one.
Fantasies related to different geographic locations are quite common, as well.
Fantasies take no effort, but real relationships take work.
Fantasy allows children to enter a new world and ignite an internal universe of imagination.
Fantasy also appeals to romance and historical fiction fans.
Fantasy becomes a commodity, an industry.
Fantasy becomes a marketing device, a form of hype rooted in the logic of self interest and buying.
Fantasy becomes motive to develop within the reality of the performer's existence.
Fantasy becomes reality.
Fantasy becomes Reality.
Fantasy builds on fantasy.
Fantasy can also help the child develop valuable literary skills.
Fantasy can come later - after reality has been experienced and absorbed.
Fantasy can do just that, while subtly addressing archetypal human themes.
Fantasy can encourage the creativity which is found in many gifted kids.
Fantasy claims no validity.
Fantasy collides head-on with history, leaving few survivors.
Fantasy cut gemstones are one of the most innovative concepts in contemporary jewelry design.
Fantasy depends on being read as a refusal of history.
Fantasy Draw a map of a region in the world on the board.
Fantasy enables children to go beyond their little world and dream about the impossible.
Fantasy feeds misery and selfishness.
Fantasy flying creatures can fly to other planets.
Fantasy fuels the other addictions.
Fantasy has a lot of hope.
Fantasy has a way of evolving into reality.
Fantasy includes high fantasy, ghost stories, horror fiction, magic realism and surrealism.
Fantasy intrudes and takes over and finally it is reality that seems to be the intruder.
Fantasy is a broad genre, with stories as rich and varied as a writer's imagination.
Fantasy is a club too.
Fantasy is a common coping mechanism.
Fantasy is a depiction of the unreal.
Fantasy is a dream come true to everyone at the celebration and guides their plans for the future.
Fantasy is a genre that has it roots deep in our past.
Fantasy is a loaded word in publishing.
Fantasy is a long-standing literary tradition in India.
Fantasy is a much bigger world than it used to be.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
Fantasy is a ship where the music and laughter last long after midnight.
Fantasy is a temporary escape.
Fantasy is a unicorn of a different color.
Fantasy is a very big part of sex for Geminis.
Fantasy is a visual genre.
Fantasy is a way of avoiding confronting such feelings.
Fantasy is a way to relax, like sport - nothing more.
Fantasy is about life.
Fantasy is about return , about repairing undesired change.
Fantasy is acceptable as qualifying for Active membership.
Fantasy is again abroad in the rush to promote biotechnology.
Fantasy is all in our heads.
Fantasy is already paralyzed, blocked into conceptual orthopedics.
Fantasy is also dangerous to one's spiritual well being.
Fantasy is always more interesting than reality.
Fantasy is an escape from reality, in any form.
Fantasy is an excellent way to inspire creativity.
Fantasy is an important part of life.
Fantasy is an important type of literature in a child's intellectual experience.
Fantasy is an integral component of sexual desire.
Fantasy is an oil that eases the opening of that gate.
Fantasy is another punk song.
Fantasy is anything that unlocks our creativity.
Fantasy is backward-looking in the sense of examining myths, roots, legends, sources, origins.
Fantasy is close to reality.
Fantasy is considered the implausible or impossible by most.
Fantasy is defined as a happenstance unattainable in normal life.
Fantasy is derived from dreams.
Fantasy is essential.
Fantasy is for pockmarked cowards.
Fantasy is fun, and now there's a big market.
Fantasy is highly individualized.
Fantasy is intense, yet fleeting.
Fantasy is just as much feeling as thinking, as much intuition as sensation.
Fantasy is limited only by our imagination.
Fantasy is literature for teenagers.
Fantasy is looked at both as image and as story.
Fantasy is merely a means to and end.
Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is.
Fantasy is nice but let's be real here.
Fantasy is nothing more than a desire to experience good feelings.
Fantasy is one thing, reality quite another.
Fantasy is only a defense when it is an escape.
Fantasy is presented as a kind of freedom.
Fantasy is seduction by a kaleidoscope rather than articulation of arguments under the microscope.
Fantasy is sometimes the only thing that can divert the loneliness and sadness of being alone.
Fantasy is the ability to believe in ones own imagination.
Fantasy is the genre of their latest creations.
Fantasy is the key word.
Fantasy is the only sane escape from a sordid reality.
Fantasy is the only truth.
Fantasy is the point.
Fantasy is the preferred form of erotic stimulation.
Fantasy is the primary defense mechanism employed.
Fantasy is very interesting to the older child, but only confusing to the very young.
Fantasy is very simply a lie from satan who is the father of lies.
Fantasy is what it is all about.
Fantasy leaves room for the mysterious.
Fantasy needs to be mixed with a dollop of realism.
Fantasy Play at Four .
Fantasy Play at Four.
Fantasy plays a crucial role in Heavenly Creatures .
Fantasy provides escape from nasty real-life powerplays that can feel quite irresistible.
Fantasy provides escape when reality of home, school or world is too painful.
Fantasy provides the necessary distancing effect.
Fantasy pulls no punches even if love takes the place of sex.
Fantasy pulls students beyond time, place and logic.
Fantasy says that the twentieth century is wrong.
Fantasy seems to give some people permission for reality.
Fantasy trips all over Europe, the USA and Asia.
Fantasy triumphs over reality again, as so often is the case with baseball.
Fantasies often add zest and excitement for some people.
Fantasy often calls on myth and existing or putative legends.
Fantasy often deals with the clash of good and evil, or of power and the lack of it.
All fantasy is rooted in folklore, and all folklore is rooted in fact.
Any fantasy can come true with our expert digital imaging techniques.
Any fantasy is possible here.
Every fantasy can come true.
Many fantasies describe the process of coming of age, often accompanied by coming into power.
Many fantasies start being realistic and then move into an imaginary worlds.
Most fantasies treat magic as a benevolent force or a tool that can be mastered.
Some fantasies are best if they're left to the imagination.
Some fantasies are just too damned laughable.
Some fantasies are much more elaborate than others.
Some fantasies are social and others are more private.
Some fantasy is just that, it's just fantasy, it's someone playing.
Some fantasy works very well with metaphor and does help with understanding.
A fanwort is a water lily
Fanwort has distinctive fan-shaped submersed leaves arranged in pairs on the stem.
Fanwort has fan-like underwater leaves , which are about two inches across.
Fanwort is a serious aquatic weed as far north as upstate New York and Michigan.
Fanwort is self-pollinating in the South and seeds readily germinate.
FAP patients are at risk for developing aggressive fibromas or desmoid tumors.
Faq page can be of use as well.
A faqir is a saint
Faqir slowly navigates the lorry through neighbouring fields to avoid being stranded.
Faqir spends another half-hour trying to revive the engine.
Far background is also a texture map.
Far beach is a great family beach, very shallow with shade trees and picnic tables.
Far Beach is at the less-crowded, east end of the park.
Far core is whatever is left after that.
Far distribution makes the geographical origin of the genus uncertain.
Far East includes Central Asia, China, Japan, etc.
Far East is a tour operator based in Egypt.
Far East is up left.
Far easts are part of easts.
Far end has their volume set too high.
Far enemy is the clearly opposite quality.
Far form being a hypothetical, it is about the psychology of power, opposition and aggression.
Far garden incorparates Barbeque, children play ground.
Far jump is same as the direct jump, It requires five bytes to store the entire instruction.
Far right is a tower.
Far right is the back of the card.
Far room contains fuel bladders.
Far Seas Res.
Some far sides have craters.
Some far sides have small craters.
Far wall slides forward and backward to change the inductor length.
Far west is an inset map.
FARs are a means by which planners can calculate a building's size relative to lot size.
Fars is the symbol and the manifestation of Iranian architecture and culture.
Farabi music is earthy music, smoky music, fire and water music.
Faraway music mixes with electronic sounds.
A farce is a comedy
Farce begins in New Zealand maybe.
Farce calls for perfect timing and a highly polished delivery.
Farce is all backwards, all crazy.
Farce is built to reinforce monogamy.
Farce is merely risible.
Farce is most humorous when it's played with the greatest seriousness.
Farce is propelled by appetite.
Farce is the essential theatre.
Farce makes money.
Farces are comedies.
Farces are objects of the audience's vision, never subjects of it.
Farces use slapstick and physical humour to be funny.
Farce often contains the elements of neurotic reactions and insane situations.
All farces are about illicit behavior constantly threatened with exposure.
Every farce needs one genuinely shocking idea.
Fare assistance allows reduced rates for seniors and disabled passengers.
Fare collection is on board during off hours at some stations.
Fare control is at platform level in the center.
Fare control is at the center at platform level.
Fare control is at the mezzanine level.
Fare determination is by bargaining.
Fare discounts are also applicable to the family and guests of meeting attendees.
Fare fraud is the act of riding the bus without paying the correct fare.
Fare guidelines are the same as for taxis.
Fare information is available here .
Fare information is listed on the back of every bus schedule.
Fare mail is an excellent way to get a general feel for what prices are out there.
All fare media are non-refundable or exchangeable.
Fare payment is required.
Fare quotes are subject to change at any time.
Fare rate is shown for off-peak return.
Fare rate is that shown for off-peak return.
Fare revenue is up.
Fare rules are subject to change.
A fare is a schedule
Fare decreases with more passengers.
Fare increases with each additional passenger.
Fare isa expenditure.
Fare varies by route.
Fares also increase during peak hours.
Fares apply all year.
Fares apply to all customers ages two and over.
Fares are also cheap for travel to Asia.
Fares are also excessively high.
Fares are also yet to be finalized.
Fares are always liable to change until the reservation is ticketed.
Fares are always subject to change until purchased.
Fares are among the cheapest in the world.
Fares are approximate and subject to change.
Fares are appx.
Fares are available for a limited time.
Fares are available from other USA cities.
Fares are available one-way or can be combined with other fare types.
Fares are available only during the specific week in which they are published via Internet e-mail.
Fares are cash, ticket, token or correct ride-value or higher pass .
Fares are charge.
Fares are cheap and the stations are exceptionally clean, as well as being air-conditioned.
Fares are cheap, even for foreigners, if they are willing to bargain.
Fares are cheaper if booked in advance.
Fares are combinable with other nonrefundable fares.
Fares are comparable to other major cities, and depend on both distance and time spent.
Fares are comparatively cheap.
Fares are comparatively low.
Fares are correct at the time of publication and are subject to change.
Fares are cruise only, per person based on double occupancy.
Fares are cruise only, per person, double occupancy for lowest available inside stateroom.
Fares are dependent on the zone where one boards the bus.
Fares are dependent upon the availability of certain booking classes.
Fares are dirt cheap.
Fares are double the fixed route fare.
Fares are due in full by the first working day of each month.
Fares are each way with roundtrip travel required.
Fares are expensive and there are no meters.
Fares are extremely volatile and can change without notice.
Fares are fifty cents.
Fares are five USD and the correct change is required.
Fares are flat rate, set by the government.
Fares are food.
Fares are for one to five passengers.
Fares are for one-way travel.
Fares are for specific flights and are applicable to the immediate weekend only .
Fares are fully refundable less an administrative service fee.
Fares are fully refundable, less administrative service fee.
Fares are fully refundable, less administrative services fee.
Fares are fully refundable, less an administrative service fee.
Fares are generally low and are collected by conductors.
Fares are generally zonal.
Fares are government controlled and are displayed in each cab.
Fares are higher after midnigh and weekends.
Fares are higher during late evening hours.
Fares are higher during rush hours than during non-rush hours.
Fares are higher during rush hours.
Fares are higher here than elsewhere.
Fares are higher than bus fares, but cheaper than intercity cabs.
Fares are higher than ever and services less reliable.
Fares are higher to help pay for air conditioned transit centers and taxi-van service.
Fares are in Australian dollars.
Fares are in Australian Dollars.
Fares are in Canadian funds .
Fares are in U.S. dollars and based on sharing accommodations with two full-fare guests.
Fares are in U.S. dollars, based on double occupancy in Cat.
Fares are inclusive of meals and bedding.
Fares are inexpensive and the service mostly quite efficient.
Fares are inexpensive, planes are sound and are flown by experienced pilots.
Fares are limited and subject to availability.
Fares are low but supplements are charged on express trains.
Fares are low but supplements are payable for travel by express trains.
Fares are low, and service is good.
Fares are low, and tour packages are available.
Fares are low, but supplements are charged for travel by express trains.
Fares are low, but supplements are payable for travel by express trains.
Fares are low.
Fares are lower but our business model is simple.
Fares are lower if purchased further in advance.
Fares are moderate and transfers are available.
Fares are more for some express routes and longer routes.
Fares are negotiable.
Fares are non refundable and non transferable.
Fares are non refundable and non transferrable.
Fares are non-refundable and other restrictions apply.
Fares are non-refundable once fully paid, but are transferable to another person.
Fares are non-refundable once purchased and subject to change fees if applicable.
Fares are non-refundable once purchased and subject to change fees where applicable.
Fares are non-refundable once purchased.
Fares are non-refundable.
Fares are nonrefundable.
Fares are off peak, each way based on a roundtrip purchase.
Fares are one-way from the Gulf Islands.
Fares are one-way, collected at each end.
Fares are only available for south-bound travel and payable in country of purchase.
Fares are passengers.
Fares are payable in cash or travelers' cheques only.
Fares are payable in U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise.
Fares are per apartment, per night, and include breakfast.
Fares are per person and are based upon two people traveling.
Fares are per person based on an even number of passengers.
Fares are per person based on double occupancy.
Fares are per person double and include port charges.
Fares are per person, based on double occupancy and include port and taxes.
Fares are per person, based on double occupancy, and include port charges.
Fares are per person, cruise only, based on double occupancy.
Fares are per person, double occupancy.
Fares are per person.
Fares are per-person and vary according to how many people share the vehicle.
Fares are per-person each way.
Fares are per-person, each way.
Fares are quite reasonable even for long journeys.
Fares are quite reasonable.
Fares are reasonable and government regulated.
Fares are reasonable, and the trains run more or less on time.
Fares are reasonable.
Fares are relative to distance and the type of boat.
Fares are relatively cheap, but do vary with service areas.
Fares are relatively inexpensive for buses, taxis, and trains.
Fares are relatively inexpensive.
Fares are representative.
Fares are round trip per person.
Fares are round-trip, and include park admission.
Fares are similar to buses.
Fares are similar to the bus for the same journey.
Fares are slightly higher during summer months.
Fares are slightly higher on other days.
Fares are slightly higher on peak travel days.
Fares are slightly higher on weekends.
Fares are slightly higher when entering Maryland and Virginia from the District.
Fares are standard for the various forms of transport.
Fares are still very reasonable by British standards.
Fares are subject to all local taxes where applicable.
Fares are subject to availability and are capacity controlled.
Fares are subject to availability and booking conditions.
Fares are subject to availability and change until booked.
Fares are subject to availability and change without notice.
Fares are subject to availability and subject to change without notice.
Fares are subject to availability change.
Fares are subject to availability, and are confirmed once tickets are purchased and issued.
Fares are subject to availability.
Fares are subject to aviation fuel surcharges.
Fares are subject to change at any time and certain restrictions apply.
Fares are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
Fares are subject to change until credit a card is provided and approved.
Fares are subject to change until credit card is provided and approved.
Fares are subject to change until purchase.
Fares are subject to change until ticket has been paid for and issued.
Fares are subject to change without notice and are for demonstrative purposes only.
Fares are subject to change without notice.
Fares are subject to change without prior notice.
Fares are subject to change, availability and restrictions.
Fares are subject to change.
Fares are subject to changes without notice.
Fares are subject to eligibility requirements and seating limitations.
Fares are subject to government approval.
Fares are subject to restrictions and availability.
Fares are subject to special rules, restrictions and availability.
Fares are subject to terms and availability.
Fares are the cheapest price for round-trip air travel originating in Richmond.
Fares are the same as flying, but the view is better.
Fares are the same as for unrestricted full-fare economy.
Fares are the same for both and tickets are interchangeable.
Fares are the same.
Fares are three to four times higher than on the buses.
Fares are upgradeable and refundable.
Fares are usually a little more expensive, but cheaper than taxis.
Fares are usually among the lowest available.
Fares are valid every day of the week.
Fares are valid for all new bookings.
Fares are valid for travel on all days of week.
Fares are valid on the most direct published routing only.
Fares are valid only departing from the U.S. gateways above to London.
Fares are valid Tues.
Fares are very cheap, and the buses very crowded.
Fares are very cheap.
Fares are very reasonable, generally speaking, and high service levels are maintained.
Fares are very reasonably priced but advanced booking is recommended.
Fares are zonal, with travel cards for daily or weekly travel and multi-journey tickets.
Fares begin with a standard charge on the meter and are charged by the mile.
Fares can also vary depending on the date and time.
Fares can be no more than twice the regular bus fare.
Fares can be very expensive for trips to suburban hotels.
Fares can change at any time and are only guaranteed when purchased.
Fares can change at any time.
Fares can change several times a day, depending on the flow of reservations.
Fares can depend on the day and time of travel.
Fares can vary, so be sure to negotiate a price beforehand.
Fares change frequently, and no fare is guaranteed until actually ticketed.
Fares contain information about some of the best fares on airlines that travel to and from Barbados.
Fares cost slightly more during peak hours.
Fares cover the costs of operating the van, including gas, maintenance and insurance.
Fares cover transfers, tours and tastings, and bar drinks.
Fares depend on destination.
Fares depend on distance traveled.
Fares depend on distance travelled.
Fares depend on the commute distance, the total number of riders and the type of van.
Fares depend on type of accomodations chosen.
Fares depend, naturally enough, on the distance travelled and the class chosen.
Fares do include fuel surcharges.
Fares do vary according to the time and day of travel and they change quite often.
Fares do vary according to the time and day of travel.
Fares exclude any applicable international taxes.
Fares exclude taxes and are subject to availability.
Fares go up during the tourist season.
Fares Have exact fare ready.
Fares hopes to call in donation pledges .
Fares increase after midnight.
Fares increase depending on the number of zones traveled.
Fares increase with extra baggage, more than one person, and rush-hour.
Fares increase with the number of passengers.
Fares is a billionaire businessman and philanthropist.
Fares listed above are roundtrip.
Fares originating at the airport are subject to an additional airport tax.
Fares quoted are each way based on a roundtrip purchase.
Fares quoted are for example only.
Fares quoted are for round-trip service.
Fares quoted are in U.S. dollars.
Fares quoted are per person, one way.
Fares quoted are subject to availability of the specified booking class.
Fares quoted come from the cruise companies and usually are for limited times or on certain dates.
Fares range from a breakfast buffet to sandwiches, to full dinners.
Fares remain the same.
Fares remain unchanged in each community.
Fares require a roundtrip purchase and an overnight stay.
Fares require a seven-day advance purchase and are nonrefundable.
Fares require roundtrip purchase in coach class.
Fares requiring advance purchase do require reservations.
Fares shown are cruise only, without taxes.
Fares shown are per person, double occupancy, cruise only.
Fares shown are valid only on select flights.
Fares shown include federal excise tax.
Fares shown include transportation, no meals, and certain accommodations.
Fares tend to be high.
Fares tend to be somewhat higher than comparable flights to the nearby Chicago market.
Fares there are often lower.
Fares vary a great deal.
Fares vary according to crossing time.
Fares vary according to distance traveled.
Fares vary according to distance, and bargaining is recommended.
Fares vary according to distances traveled.
Fares vary according to route.
Fares vary according to the time and day of travel.
Fares vary according to the type of train and time of travel.
Fares vary based on performers and other variables.
Fares vary but bus transport is still the cheapest way of getting round town.
Fares vary by cruise type - call for further info.
Fares vary by distance traveled.
Fares vary by service area and by distance traveled.
Fares vary by zones traveled.
Fares vary considerably with destination, time and day of travel.
Fares vary depending on departure city.
Fares vary depending on destination.
Fares vary depending on distance.
Fares vary depending on how many passengers in the car.
Fares vary depending on originating station.
Fares vary depending on route.
Fares vary depending on season and point of origin.
Fares vary depending on sponsoring program.
Fares vary depending upon distance traveled.
Fares vary from one date to the next on the same route.
Fares vary greatly for different cruises because of the uniqueness of the destinations.
Fares vary widely.
Fares vary wildly according to distance.
Fares vary within a five-zone system extending in all directions from downtown to the outer suburbs.
Fares vary, depending on the destination.
Fares always drop as soon as it shows up.
Fares often consist of many parts.
Fares often depend on the seasons.
Fares sometimes differ for adults, seniors, children, and people with disabilities.
Fares usually drop with lower class service.
All fare are subject to change without notice.
All fares are approximate and are subject to change.
All fares are approximate and from a general area.
All fares are cash basis in Thai Baht and for information only.
All fares are each way in coach based on a round-trip purchase.
All fares are exact change only, no pennies and no bills are accepted.
All fares are flat rate.
All fares are for round-trip travel unless otherwise noted.
All fares are in U.S. dollars and subject to change without notice.
All fares are in U.S. dollars.
All fares are inclusive of airport taxes and charges.
All fares are inclusive of all taxes and charges and are return fares unless otherwise stated.
All fares are non-refundable and are valid only for the flights purchased.
All fares are non-refundable.
All fares are nonrefundable.
All fares are on per person basis, except hotel rates are for per room, unless specified.
All fares are one way.
All fares are one-way.
All fares are payable in Tajik roubles.
All fares are per person and round trip unless otherwise noted.
All fares are per person based on double occupancy.
All fares are per person, based on double occupancy.
All fares are refundable.
All fares are return.
All fares are round trip and require a round trip purchase.
All fares are round trip.
All fares are roundtrip and are subject to change without notice.
All fares are roundtrip and include park admission.
All fares are roundtrip and nonrefundable.
All fares are round-trip from Paducah.
All fares are round-trip in Coach.
All fares are roundtrip.
All fares are subject the fee to refund.
All fares are subject to availability and change.
All fares are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All fares are subject to availability.
All fares are subject to change and availability and conditions do apply.
All fares are subject to change and seat or class availability.
All fares are subject to change at any time.
All fares are subject to change until actually purchased.
All fares are subject to change until paid in full.
All fares are subject to change until tickets are purchased.
All fares are subject to change without notice - call to confirm.
All fares are subject to change without notice - please call to confirm.
All fares are subject to change without notice.
All fares are subject to change without prior notice .
All fares are subject to change without prior notice.
All fares are subject to change.
All fares are subject to changes according to current market conditions.
All fares are subject to prior sale.
All fares below are one way from originating point to end of the route.
All fares have maximum stay requirements.
All fares have private bathrooms, electric fans, tea and coffee making facilities and refrigerator.
All fares have restrictions.
All fares listed above are round trip.
All fares quoted above are for round trip tickets.
All fares quoted above are subject to availability at the time of purchase.
All fares quoted here include taxes.
All fares quoted include tax.
All fares remain the same.
All fares require exact change, tokens or passes.
Most fares are for mid-week travel.
Most fares are refundable less a penalty. .
Most fares are refundable less a penalty.
Most fares are refundable, no advance purchase necessary etc.
Most fares have discounts available.
Most fares refundable less a penalty.
Some fares are also valid for departures from Oslo in Norway.
Some fares are non-refundable and have restrictions on travel dates or changes to reservations etc.
Some fares are nonrefundable.
Some fares are only valid on particular days of the week, or at particular times.
Some fares are round trip and require a round trip purchase.
Some fares are subject to age restrictions.
Some fares are subject to government approval.
Some fares specifically exclude revalidation.
A farewell is acknowledgement
Farewell isa message.
Farewells are a very common theme of Oriental poems.
Farewells are acknowledgment.
Farewells are always difficult.
Farewells are always very difficult.
Farewells are departures.
Farewells are drama.
Farewells are films.
Farewells are never easy.
Farewells are social activities.
Farewells can be very painful.
Farewells do bring their measure of sadness.
Farewells take their toll after a while.
Farina dumplings are firmer to the bite than the flour kind.
Farinaceous foods Allows for better moisture retention, uniform crumb structure, and stability.
A farm animal is a mammal
Farm animals add to the authenticity of the setting.
Farm animals are also few and far between.
Farm animals are an important source of nutrition and income to the rural poor.
Farm animals are animals.
Farm animals are another one.
Farm animals are at risk too.
Farm animals are bred for many purposes.
Farm animals are different in other parts of the world.
Farm animals are different than wild animals.
Farm animals are fundamentally different from more traditional laboratory animals.
Farm animals are located in countrysides.
Farm animals are located in fairs.
Farm animals are located in meadows.
Farm animals are useful to people for work and food.
Farm animals browse in the surrounding paddocks.
Farm animals can suffer and vegetable crops are difficult to harvest.
Farm animals complicate that formula, however.
Farm animals consume almost half the antibiotics bought in America.
Farm animals deserve better.
Farm animals disappear with the night wind.
Farm animals eat hay.
Farm animals exhibit syndromes.
Farm animals fill our ol' barn.
Farm animals fill the landscape, including deer and ducks.
Farm animals go trick-or treating.
Farm animals graze with their young, trees blossom, crops sprout and the air is fresh and crisp.
Farm animals have considerable control over the amount and the nature of the things that they eat.
Farm animals have no rights.
Farm animals have unique personalities.
Farm animals live much closer to the natural world than humans, dogs, or cats.
Farm animals pick up salmonella from soil or contaminated feed.
Farm animals produce over two trillion pounds of manure in the U.S. every year.
Farm animals range from dogs to cows to chickens.
Farm animals receive little if any protection under the law.
Farm animals respond to love and affection the same way a dog or cat does.
Farm animals retain less than one-third of the phosphate in their feed.
Farm animals run wild, and men haul cargo on bicycles.
Farm animals stage a revolt against their human masters.
Farm animals tend to be herbivores.
Farm animals wander freely about.
Farm animals work together to help a poor duck who is being exploited by a lazy farmer.
All farm animals carry coccidiosis bacteria.
All farm animals come from wild stock somewhere back in time.
Many farm animals exhibit territorial behaviors in the wild.
Many farm animals suffer greatly.
Most farm animals have their eyes located more to the side rather than to the front of their heads.
Most farm animals including goats are susceptible.
Most farm animals welcome,nice pasteurs and groomed trails.
A farm bill is a bill
Farm bills are important, but they're way down the line.
Any farm bill seems to be working and people are happy if there are good prices.
A farm boy is a boy
Farm boy goes to college, becomes a baseball hero.
Farm boys are male children.
Farm boys notice that sort of thing.
Farm boys spend their idle time speaking of many things.
A farm building is a building
Farm building let to nursery school.
Farm buildings are a delight in themselves.
Farm buildings are buildings.
Farm buildings are intact.
Farm buildings have different and specific functions, but each is important to the whole operation.
Farm cheese bears such as label.
Farm cheese is cheese
Farm cooperatives pay monthly productivity bonuses.
Farm costs are sky-high.
Farm costs mean little to food prices.
Many farm enterprises are currently economic break-even ventures, at best.
Farm equipment can be noisy and cause dust to rise in fields.
Farm equipment includes tractors, combines, hay equipment, plows, cultivators, etc.
Farm equipment is also safer.
Farm equipment is designed to handle one driver and no passengers.
Farm equipment is large and takes up both sides of the road.
Farm equipment is made to be operated on tough, uneven terrain.
Farm equipment is modest in size, appropriate to the needs of the operation and environment.
Farm equipment is repaired in the shop in the farmyard.
Farm equipment is the leading industrial product.
Farm equipment lies scattered after being struck by a tornado in west-central Iowa.
Farm equipment used on public roadways require lights conforming to state motor vehicle codes.
All farm equipment is included in sale.
Any farm equipment related website is welcome to join .
Farm equity rises significantly.
Farm fish can jump the fence and cause trouble for their wild relatives.
Farm forestry has other benefits, too.
Farm houses are often on folk styles rather than drawings provided by an architect.
Many farm houses are long and have two doors.
Farm implements are exempt from weight limitations.
Farm implements are indeed implements of the trade of farmers.
Many farm implements make effective weapons in the hands of a skilled opponent.
Farm income continues to be a drag on Iowa s personal income growth.
Farm income is considered self-employment income, so it qualifies for the earned income credit.
Farm income is subject to tax to the extent that sales of farm products are within the district.
Farm income ranks second in the state.
Farm income tends to fluctuate from year to year.
Farm income varies greatly depending upon the type and size of farm.
Farm income varies widely from year to year.
Farm incomes are, therefore, likely to fall more in the poorer inland provinces.
Farm incomes look up but no-one is throwing a party.
Most farm income is taxed under the individual income tax rather than the corporate income tax.
Some farm industries use talcs.
Farm Island is located in the heart of the action, which makes it an ideal place to set up camp.
Farm labor consists of long hours of fast-paced repetitive tasks, usually without breaks.
Farm labor is a crucial topic.
Farm labor is among the lowest paying occupations, even for adults.
Farm labor is an important consideration.
Farm labor is the only employment listing permitted.
Farm labourers have beasts of burden as their support.
Farm labourers have little to do, though they escaped unhurt and lost their houses.
Farm land grows things under control like wheat, pigs, soy or cattle.
Farm land is available for specialized small-plot field research.
Farm land is purchased by the entire colony, and is farmed by several families together.
Farm land is used to produce forages.
Farm land looks like a crazy quilt of greens, browns, and yellows.
Farm land means land outside of an urban municipality that is used or can be used for farming.
Farm land surrounds the north side of the site.
Farm machinery can cross it.
Farm machinery comes in all shapes and sizes for all sorts of jobs.
Farm machinery continues to be manufactured by the agriculture division.
Farm machinery is manufactured here, a convenience for farmers on the surrounding lands.
Farm machinery is transported there by barge.
Farm machinery uses mechanical power to do work.
Farm machinery uses power to do work.
Most farm machinery is designed for specialized types of work.
Farm market features a variety of baked goods, candles, beverages and picnic supplies.
Farm market produce in season with picnic area and small animals to view.
Farm market sells a variety of produce and other items.
Farm market sells a variety of produce.
Farm market sells other produce and honey.
Farm markets are more traditional.
Farm mechanization is one solution to the labor shortage.
Farm names are even worse than patronymic names.
Farm names protect the farm name in the county.
Farm policy is a frequent topic on the campaign trail.
Farm policy is in disrepair.
Farm price supports favor farmers at the expense of everyone else who eats.
Farm price supports generate food surpluses, much of which are shipped abroad.
Farm prices are as low today as they have been in many years.
Farm prices are uncertain, discouraging, and generally out of the farmer's control.
Farm prices dig record lows, yet retail prices climb.
Farm prices drop, but gasoline certainly helps fuel the roar.
Farm prices drop.
Farm prices go up, and farm prices go down.
Farm prices remain strong, while consumers are finding retail prices lower than last year.
Farm products are a major asset of our Nation in foreign trade and international relations.
Farm products are another important freight segment.
Farm products are for sale to tenants.
Farm products are swine, cattle, sheep, soy beans, corn, cotton, strawberries and dairy products.
Farm products processing industry and sideline are extremely developed.
Farm programs affect farm asset owners and farm operators differently.
Farm programs are almost incredibly complex.
Farm programs are grotesquely schizophrenic.
Farm programs can do more to help farmers and farm communities.
Farm roads are sometimes an endless source of trouble.
Farm safety goes to camp .
Farm safety is an important issue that warrants more attention.
Farm safety is extremely important, and farmers know it.
Farm salmon have levels.
Farm salmon help conserve wild salmon populations by providing an alternative source for consumers.
Farm salmon is a weak substitute.
Most farm salmon have levels.
Farm shops conduct monthly safety meetings with all assigned employees and offenders.
Farm store is home to friendly Nubian goats and offers weekend floral design courses.
Farm subsidies are always a bad idea.
Farm subsidies illustrate the same pattern.
Farm systems are very simple ecosystems , with as few as one plant type and few parasites.
Farm tours are available for individuals, school groups please call or e-mail for more information.
Farm tours are available for large groups throughout the season.
Farm tours are available to see sheep, llama, garden, casket shop and lumber facility.
Farm tours are available.
Farm tours are free to our guests who are welcome to help at calf feeding time.
Farm tours showcase our catfish farms and cotton, rice, soybean and wheat crops.
All farm towns are overcrowded.
Farm tractors are a common sight on rural roads.
Farm tractors are the most commonly reported causal agent for fatalities in the population.
Farm tractors clock hour meters tampering prohibition.
Farm trucks are trucks or pick-ups utilized primarily in a farming capacity.
A farm worker is a hand
Farm workers are a key part of the agricultural community of California.
Farm workers are also at risk for sustaining nonmachinery-related injuries.
Farm workers are major exceptions in most states.
Farm workers are truly a breed apart.
Farm workers are unskilled workers.
Farm workers can protect themselves from skin cancer by Using sun screen year-round.
Farm workers continue to live in devastating poverty and lack housing.
Farm workers continue to suffer daily.
Farm workers have lots of eye and skin problems from the sun, dust, pesticides, and plant irritants.
Farm workers migrate to the cities.
Farm workers provide seasonal labor for hand-picking, and they also operate a mechanical picker.
Farm workers seek nonfarm employment during both good and bad times for agriculture.
Farm workers suffer a risk of heat-related injuries that is the highest rate for any occupation.
Farm workers suffer from an abundance of toxic exposures and related health problems.
Farm workers suffer from pesticide-related illnesses.
Farm workers tend to belong to ethnic and linguistic minorities.
Farm workers win early legal battle.
Farm workers work quickly to pick and pack our apples.
All farm workers have a vital interest in preserving the water upon which their livelihoods depend.
Many farm workers are non-white and are known to bear a disproportionate burden of exposure.
Many farm workers are unpaid family members.
Many farm workers labor long hours in the fields for poverty wages.
Some farm workers die of hydrogen sulfide poison.
Some farm workers die of poison.
Some farm workers enter bins.
Some farm workers expose to pesticide.
Some farm workers find debris.
A farm is work
Farm also joins rental farm for possible more pasture rental.
Farm also offers sales, professional training, and lessons.
Farm also offers tours and a restaurant.
Farm are our newest site sponsors.
Farm background an asset and previous baling experience.
Farm fed grains are eligible.
Farm gains a preferred position in supplying supply chain processors to meet consumer demand.
Farm generates in none task or examine boomerang magazines.
Farm has a history of producing multiple graded stakes winners.
Farm has a new generator, all needed equipment and many updated systems.
Farm has plenty of grass and water in each paddock.
Farm has preservation and conservation easements.
Farm has river running through the operation and creates several challenges.
Farm has three ponds.
Farm implement sales establishments.
Farm is a favorite stopover for migrating birds.
Farm is a half mile on right.
Farm is a half-mile on the left.
Farm is a sheep and suckler cow enterprise.
Farm is a unique equestrian experience.
Farm is a working thoroughbred breeding ranch.
Farm is all the way at the North end of the road.
Farm is also open to the public. .
Farm is also open to the public.
Farm is attractive, complete with shrubs and flowers.
Farm is broker- owned property.
Farm is fourth house on right.
Farm is immediately on the left.
Farm is in a good state of fertility and is well terraced.
Farm is in Conversion to organic production.
Farm is in permanent grass and has marketable timber on the rest.
Farm is located approx.
Farm is located on north side of road.
Farm is located on the right.
Farm is mile on left.
Farm is next right.
Farm is on east side of road.
Farm is on left.
Farm is on right approx.
Farm is on right, sign out front.
Farm is on right.
Farm is on river's edge on right.
Farm is on the east side of the road.
Farm is on the left.
Farm is on the north side of the road.
Farm is on the right.
Farm is on the south side of the road.
Farm is on the South side of the road.
Farm is on the west side of the road.
Farm is one mile down on the left.
Farm is one mile on left.
Farm is one mile on the left.
Farm is one mile on the right.
Farm is one mile to the right.
Farm is one-half mile on right.
Farm is signposted.
Farm is six miles east of city.
Farm is still in the family.
Farm is the first driveway on the left.
Farm is the first driveway on the right.
Farm is third house on right.
Farm is well fenced and in good state of cultivation.
Farm is where they are replanted.
Farm isa workplace.
Farm lands all around.
Farm offers a unique ranch setting, where guests are treated as family.
Farm offers hiking, fishing, wildlife sanctuary and more.
Farm offers strawberries, cherries, raspberries, peaches, apricots and plums.
Farm open all year by chance or by appointment.
Farm pick up is available.
Farm places activists' letters to the editor in hundreds of publications across North America.
Farm plated vehicles are commercial motor vehicles.
Farm porn a name for nostalgia.
Farm produce available at the office -rusks, milk, jams, fresh produce.
Farm produce available.
Farm produce distributors can arrive by boat in many districts outside the city .
Farm produce distributors can arrive by boat in many districts outside the city.
Farm produce e.g. bottled jams, citrus when available, milk, cream and bass for sale.
Farm produce quality by region.
Farm produced feed is priced at opportunity cost.
Farm produces and sells tayberry jam.
Farm rises below all apple so makes syracuse orangemen helmet.
Farm sells raspberries and seasonal produce, including tomatoes, peppers, broccoli and squash.
Farm stand sales.
Farm stand supplying a wide variety of our own vegetables specializing in quality sweet corn.
Farm stand with a large variety of fresh produce, delicious baked goods, gift baskets and more.
Farm stand with a variety of fresh produce, baked goods and other items.
Farm stand with a variety of fresh produce, including pumpkins.
Farm stand with a variety of fresh produce.
Farm stand with fresh fruits straight from the farm.
Farm stand with on site bakery.
Farm stand with seasonally fresh fruits and vegetables.
Farm stand with seasonally fresh fruits.
Farm stand with seasonally fresh seasonal fruits and vegetables.
Farm stand with seasonally fresh vegetables.
Farm stands dot the countryside displaying the freshest produce grown locally.
Farm stay also available.
Farm stay and extended safaris arranged by request, just ask .
Farm Stay Overnight farm stay provides visitors the opportunity of living in a working ranch.
Farm stays and horse riding are very popular.
Farm stays during part of the time in Cornwall offer the opportunity for hands-on study.
Farm thank Belt during forty into none la sportiva or descend without none tea.
Farm tours a speciality.
Farm view about a pc software.
Farm view about a watertight cases.
Farm walk Take the longer route around the farm.
Farm work out.
Farms adjoining such roads are normally older than, or established at the same time as, the roads.
Farms also face threats from industrial and agricultural pollution.
Farms also get a price discount.
Farms also raise cattle.
Farms also rely on water for irrigation and livestock.
Farms are a communal good, and so ought to be common property.
Farms are all different and they all pose their separate problems.
Farms are among the oldest ongoing enterprises in the country.
Farms are big and sloppy, so they make an easy target.
Farms are businesses which sell the crops , fruit , and vegetables that are produced .
Farms are businesses which sell the crops, fruit, and vegetables that are produced.
Farms are dangerous places for all ages.
Farms are diverse and seem to be thriving.
Farms are easy to find, neat, and well-kept.
Farms are either too large or too small.
Farms are examples of agriculture.
Farms are extremely small and are often very fragmented.
Farms are extremely small and often very fragmented.
Farms are extremely small in size and are often very fragmented.
Farms are extremely small in size and often very fragmented.
Farms are generally larger in size and consist almost entirely of cash grain crops.
Farms are generally of small size, and are leased on a yearly tenure.
Farms are generally small, and many are subsidized by the government.
Farms are great places for children to play and work.
Farms are huge and far apart.
Farms are human-managed ecosystems designed to convert energy into harvestable products.
Farms are in the foreground in the canyon bottom.
Farms are in trouble.
Farms are increasingly more specialized.
Farms are just like a factory, they wear out and change.
Farms are larger, yields higher and production decisions are information-driven.
Farms are likely to get larger with less farm owners and more farm workers.
Farms are located in countries.
Farms are located in countrysides.
Farms are located on the other side of the cliff, so the cows pretty much have the run of place.
Farms are minuscule.
Farms are more fiscally friendly than development.
Farms are more than businesses.
Farms are mostly small, which improves the animals' welfare.
Farms are no longer the major employers in the region.
Farms are now bigger and when a farm is infected, more animals are involved.
Farms are now towns.
Farms are production centers for crops and livestock, but they are also businesses.
Farms are rare and becoming rarer.
Farms are replications for analysis purposes.
Farms are small, soils eroded and Lacking in fertility and rainfall variable.
Farms are smaller than in other parts of Japan.
Farms are smallscale and nowadays there are no full-time fishermen left.
Farms are still common in the area, but they are being displaced by new housing and businesses.
Farms are still small, traffic is minimal, and on a clear day, the view is spectacular.
Farms are still the rule, but here and there, trailer parks and subdivisions keep cropping up.
Farms are stopovers for migratory birds.
Farms are the backbone of our nation.
Farms are the heart of rural America.
Farms are the strongest bastion of the collective mentality in Russia.
Farms are typically small, with their entire harvest amounting to less than ten or fifteen pounds.
Farms are under quarantine and thousands of cows, pigs and sheep have been destroyed.
Farms are usually in remote areas and have high transportation costs.
Farms are vulnerable to income losses or asset value declines.
Farms are workplaces.
Farms are, after all, the place where humans have their most essential interface with nature.
Farms are, indeed, getting larger in order to compete.
Farms become increasing productive based on continued investment.
Farms can also cause dust and dirt particles to be released into the air.
Farms can be exceptionally dusty places, particularly at harvest time.
Farms can be expensive since a lot of professionals also like to live out in the country.
Farms can be intensive users of pesticides and chemicals.
Farms can now put business plans in place, and better times are coming.
Farms can only appear in low density Industrial land with low land values.
Farms can save water by lining their water distribution canals with concrete or other materials.
Farms can vary in size.
Farms come alive with the familiar sounds of roosters, cows and sheep.
Farms contain nitrate.
Farms continue to disappear, and farm income, in inflation-adjusted dollars, is declining.
Farms contribute nutrients, sediment and chemicals.
Farms cover about a fourth of Macedonia.
Farms cover the hillsides while clean lakes and rivers cut through the land.
Farms create jobs and inject money into the local economy.
Farms creep higher and higher into the mountains, and firewood is transported by backpack to cities.
Farms do jobs.
Farms engage in the same cooperative activities as other businesses.
Farms extend in a circle from the settlement, with scattered farms, pastures, and free land beyond.
Farms feed chickens.
Farms fit into the landscape.
Farms get most of their potential value from their ability to someday support home construction.
Farms give pickers a bag or a bucket and point the way to the trees in season.
Farms give way to factories.
Farms grow crops and livestock.
Farms grow scallops, prawns, abalone and rock lobster.
Farms have (part) attics.
Farms have (part) bases.
Farms have (part) bathrooms.
Farms have (part) bedrooms.
Farms have (part) ceilings.
Farms have (part) courtyards.
Farms have (part) decks.
Farms have (part) elevators.
Farms have (part) family rooms.
Farms have (part) farmhouses.
Farms have (part) farmyards.
Farms have (part) floors.
Farms have (part) foundation stones.
Farms have (part) foyers.
Farms have (part) front rooms.
Farms have (part) interior doors.
Farms have (part) kitchens.
Farms have (part) libraries.
Farms have (part) locker rooms.
Farms have (part) lockers.
Farms have (part) roofs.
Farms have (part) room light.
Farms have (part) sections.
Farms have (part) staircases.
Farms have (part) walls.
Farms have (part) windows.
Farms have amounts.
Farms have animals.
Farms have areas.
Farms have beef cows.
Farms have care.
Farms have characteristics common to many industrial enterprises.
Farms have chicks.
Farms have color.
Farms have cows.
Farms have effects.
Farms have employees.
Farms have fields.
Farms have gates.
Farms have houses.
Farms have machinery.
Farms have methods.
Farms have neither electricity nor running water.
Farms have problems.
Farms have production.
Farms have serious problems.
Farms have size.
Farms have social, economic and environmental effects outside of their borders.
Farms have staff.
Farms have suppliers.
Farms have vegetable production.
Farms have workers.
Farms help herd health problems.
Farms help problems.
Farms Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Farms include food.
Farms install mist sprayers and fans in their shed to cool the cows and provide better cow comfort.
Farms keep animals.
Farms keep cows.
Farms keep dogs.
Farms keep getting bigger, which means fewer farmers working the land over the decades.
Farms keep horses.
Farms keep pigs.
Farms keep sheep.
Farms keep taxes low, as they demand few public services.
Farms keep turkeys.
Farms offer insight.
Farms offer plenty of locations for shelter for the snakes.
Farms offer seasonal fun with baby animals, hayrides and fruit picking.
Farms open their doors to visitors, who wake up with the roosters and share tables with families.
Farms possess animals.
Farms possess chickens.
Farms possess ducks.
Farms possess pigs.
Farms produce blueberries, cantaloupe, peanuts, watermelons, wheat, corn, soybeans, and hay.
Farms produce crops.
Farms produce food.
Farms produce grain, grapes, olives, and vegetables.
Farms produce our food and are important economic anchors for entire regions.
Farms produce poultry, cattle and dairy products.
Farms produce sweet corn, tomatoes, apples and pears, sod and potatoes for chips.
Farms provide animals.
Farms provide both habitat and corridors for fish and wildlife.
Farms provide cattle.
Farms provide corn, an excellent winter food source for wild turkeys.
Farms provide farmers.
Farms provide food.
Farms provide pollination.
Farms provide the basic food, fiber, and timber for consumer needs.
Farms raise animals.
Farms raise deer.
Farms raise livestock.
Farms range from active horse farms to small cottage farms selling fresh eggs and produce.
Farms receive annual inspections.
Farms require attention.
Farms require continual attention.
Farms require more attention.
Farms see growth.
Farms see significant growth.
Farms shift some market risks to the supply chain.
Farms shifts some risks to the supply chain.
Farms spread out from the center.
Farms support rural communities and help to keep real estate taxes low.
Farms surround the settlement as is the case here on earth.
Farms swell with vegetables that ripen, and the citrus blooms explode.
Farms tend to be small, but sizable timber stands are harvested for supplementary income in winter.
Farms tend to stay in the family.
Farms upgrade their equipment on a regular basis.
Farms use fertilizer.
Farms use krill meat.
Farms use meat.
Farms use resources.
Farms use zeolite to enrich poor soils.
Farms work with cattle.
Farms yield sediment, toxic substances and excess nutrients.
Farms often have different purposes.
All farms are different and there is no generic design that applies to all.
All farms are private.
All farms have fences.
All farms have options available.
All farms have restaurants and shops selling orchid jewellery.
All farms prevent animals from living natural lives.
Every farm has cows, chickens, and goats and the old-style center pole haystacks.
Every farm has that piece of land that always does the best.
Every farm is different and requires a different approach.
Every farm is different and within every farm are various soil types.
Every farm is different Yields can vary considerably.
Every farm touches five others.
Many farms also have computers to help track how much milk a cow makes.
Many farms also offer apple and strawberry picking facilities.
Many farms also provide the opportunity to participate in on-farm events such as harvest festivals.
Many farms also rely on tourism to make money.
Many farms also sell Asian pears and honey.
Many farms also use a diaphram style milk pump.
Many farms also use machines, which cut down on the number of people needed to farm the land.
Many farms are in the grasslands.
Many farms are in valleys that are in hilly land.
Many farms burn some of their straw in a boiler.
Many farms employ the use of livestock guardian dogs to protect their animals.
Many farms face bankruptcy, and families are being forced off the land.
Many farms find that ventilation fans, cupolas, and vents are beneficial as well.
Many farms have a little level land and much of hills and steep grades.
Many farms have a retail shop or store right on site.
Many farms have gambrel roofs.
Many farms have inadequate timing which creates over milking before milk let down.
Many farms have parcels of land away from the home premises, including some fell and moorland.
Many farms have parcels of land away from the home premises.
Many farms have several tractors.
Many farms have their own fishing streams.
Many farms have to apply slurry every day, or at least once a week.
Many farms have trash pits located on the premises.
Many farms have unused wells.
Many farms hire workers.
Many farms host educational tours and school visits.
Many farms install quartz-halogen radiant heat lamps in the ceiling of their foaling stalls.
Many farms lack technical knowledge, since there is no experience with production of flowers.
Many farms lie close to the river and occasionally a passing river boat can be seen from the fields.
Many farms offer activities organized especially for their young members.
Many farms offer logging or a chance to pet the animals and gather eggs for breakfast.
Many Farms offers a wide range of subjects and is a very progressive school.
Many farms operate U-pick fields during peak harvest season.
Many farms place round bales of hay outside in paddocks for their horses' use throughout the winter.
Many farms produce their own version of chardonnay.
Many farms schedule their shipping at night to add some protection from the harsh sun.
Many farms spread salt on the compost in affected areas when green mold is first recognized.
Many farms use a variety of heating equipment.
Many farms use and transport hazardous materials.
Many farms use bedding materials and mats to assist the piglets find a warm and dry sleeping area.
Many farms use more than one method.
Many farms use sprinklers.
More farms use wrasse against salmon lice.
Most farms also depend on wells for domestic and stock water.
Most farms also offer a wide range of activities.
Most farms also offer pitting machines.
Most farms are dairy, beef or poultry operations.
Most farms are mixed and a few keep horses as a sideline.
Most farms are small and family owned.
Most farms are small and most products are for domestic consumption.
Most farms are small family affairs with workers often operating alone.
Most farms are small family-run businesses.
Most farms are small, and some are less than an acre.
Most farms are small, with the average farm only seven hectares.
Most farms charge a fee for collecting the semen, processing it and packaging it for shipment.
Most farms contain nitrate.
Most farms do jobs.
Most farms employ environmentally sensitive farming practices whenever possible.
Most farms feed chickens.
Most farms have a mix of crops and livestock.
Most farms have access to used motor oil from farm equipment.
Most farms have amounts.
Most farms have an over-supply of forage and hope to market some of the surplus.
Most farms have areas.
Most farms have barns.
Most farms have beef cows.
Most farms have chicks.
Most farms have color.
Most farms have cows.
Most farms have effects.
Most farms have employees.
Most farms have far fewer problems in winter than in summer.
Most farms have fields.
Most farms have gates.
Most farms have houses.
Most farms have livestock that graze along the river and use the river for drinking water.
Most farms have low, white-plastered buildings built around small courts.
Most farms have machinery.
Most farms have methods.
Most farms have numerous hazards that place adults and children at risk.
Most farms have on-farm storage tanks that are topped up by a supplier on a regular basis.
Most farms have problems.
Most farms have production.
Most farms have serious problems.
Most farms have several different species to choose from.
Most farms have size.
Most farms have staff.
Most farms have suppliers.
Most farms have the farmer and one or two family workers or hired employees.
Most farms have their own trucks for grain transportation and well equipped workshops.
Most farms have vegetable production.
Most farms have workers.
Most farms help herd health problems.
Most farms help problems.
Most farms keep animals.
Most farms keep cows.
Most farms keep dogs.
Most farms keep horses.
Most farms keep pigs.
Most farms keep sheep.
Most farms keep turkeys.
Most farms now breed on foal heat.
Most farms now consist of large tracks of land.
Most farms offer insight.
Most farms possess animals.
Most farms possess chickens.
Most farms possess ducks.
Most farms possess pigs.
Most farms produce crops.
Most farms produce food.
Most farms provide animals.
Most farms provide cattle.
Most farms provide farmers.
Most farms provide food.
Most farms provide pollination.
Most farms raise animals.
Most farms raise deer.
Most farms raise livestock.
Most farms rely on animal products from grasslands.
Most farms require attention.
Most farms require more attention.
Most farms require payment for the total share early in the season.
Most farms see growth.
Most farms see significant growth.
Most farms specialize in a specific breed of horse.
Most farms supply local consumption.
Most farms take guests throughout year.
Most farms use fertilizer.
Most farms use krill meat.
Most farms use meat.
Most farms use resources.
Most farms use sticky tape or some other method that allows monitoring of populations.
Most farms welcome children with adult supervision.
Most farms work with cattle.
Some farms allow visitors only through tour companies.
Some farms allow visits at different times of the year.
Some farms also offer fruit, herbs, flowers and other products.
Some farms also offer fruit, herbs, flowers, and other products.
Some farms also offer horse-drawn wagon rides, making the excursion a real adventure for kids.
Some farms also prepare dairy eggnog for the holiday season.
Some farms also run deer or have arable crops.
Some farms also supply meat, eggs, honey, and other products.
Some farms are only able to offer unpaid work experience.
Some farms are open only to breeders.
Some farms attract pheasants.
Some farms buy turkeys.
Some farms collect horses.
Some farms consist of dams.
Some farms consist of walls.
Some farms continue to breeze race horses on a small racetrack throughout their breeding lives.
Some farms crowd fish into pens to keep up with demand.
Some farms destroy habitats.
Some farms destroy natural habitats.
Some farms even export to Europe.
Some farms even have hayrides, bobbing for apples and fresh apple pie.
Some farms even open up their barn doors to show the city slickers how it works.
Some farms even produce their own olive oil and wine.
Some farms exist above Lakeshore and some are located below the town.
Some farms expect everyone to shower before entering.
Some farms extend the season by using greenhouses and keep growing durable root crops.
Some farms feed cattle.
Some farms feed pigs.
Some farms grow cantaloupe.
Some farms grow fruits and vegetables.
Some farms have a few special activities planned as well.
Some farms have aphids only of older cotton.
Some farms have both liquid and solid manure storage.
Some farms have firewoods.
Some farms have gardens where they grow their own food.
Some farms have gross farm sales.
Some farms have gross sales.
Some farms have luck.
Some farms have no animals, while others specialize in animals.
Some farms have sales.
Some farms have several playtrees.
Some farms have style.
Some farms hide, however, until there is an accident.
Some farms keep birds.
Some farms keep cats.
Some farms keep cattle.
Some farms keep chickens.
Some farms keep geese.
Some farms keep goats.
Some farms keep rabbits.
Some farms kill animals.
Some farms kill other animals.
Some farms make pigs.
Some farms move too fast and too big, instead of being good before getting big.
Some farms offer efficiencies, most have private baths.
Some farms offer full board.
Some farms offer tours which include a visit to the barn and a presentation on farming.
Some farms pasteurize and feed calves milk from the cows in the herd instead of using replacer.
Some farms possess buffalo.
Some farms possess carnivores.
Some farms possess cats.
Some farms possess cattle.
Some farms possess cows.
Some farms possess critters.
Some farms possess crocodiles.
Some farms possess dogs.
Some farms possess goats.
Some farms possess hens.
Some farms possess horses.
Some farms possess rabbits.
Some farms possess rats.
Some farms possess turkeys.
Some farms produce and bag their own composted manure for sale.
Some farms produce mangos.
Some farms produce thousands of tonnes of potatoes for crisp manufacturers.
Some farms provide bulk power.
Some farms provide chickens.
Some farms provide dogs.
Some farms provide education.
Some farms provide fish.
Some farms provide goats.
Some farms provide power.
Some farms raise alligators.
Some farms raise bison.
Some farms raise butterflies.
Some farms raise cats.
Some farms raise cattle.
Some farms raise dogs.
Some farms raise fish.
Some farms raise geese.
Some farms raise goats.
Some farms raise horses.
Some farms raise pigs.
Some farms raise rabbits.
Some farms raise sheep.
Some farms raise turkeys.
Some farms raise turtles.
Some farms result in reductions.
Some farms satisfy niche markets for small salmon by harvesting all fish prior to grilsing.
Some farms seek sheep.
Some farms sell cattle.
Some farms sell chickens.
Some farms sell fish.
Some farms sell home-grown produce and a variety of local bulbs.
Some farms specialise in suckler cows, highland cattle or broilers.
Some farms specialize in one breed of pigs.
Some farms still have cattle and horses which can be seen grazing lazily on the green pasturelands.
Some farms support numbers.
Some farms use a demand feeder , which allows fish to eat whenever they want.
Some farms use organic pesticide.
Some farms use pesticide.
Some farms use satellites.
Some farms work with goats.
Some farms work with horses.
Some farms work with rabbits.
Farmable land is difficult to find.
Farmer ants have bacterial farmhands.
Many farmer groups tend to handle marketing as an afterthought.
A farmer is a creator
Farmer accounts highlight tool use, management and adaptation by successful growers.
Farmer accounts highlight tool use, management, and adaptation by successful growers.
Farmer addresses the question of the French debt.
Farmer admits that the industry needs to work together better .
Farmer barely mentions such forces as causative or importantly shaping Haitian history.
Farmer believes that the land has little or no value unless it can be subdivided.
Farmer bless beyond a oahu lodging.
Farmer can get land and grow crops easily in the inner forest is free from lineage control.
Farmer can t even get the most basic motif of the books right.
Farmer cracks down on all dissent.
Farmer describes the process of their introduction and assimilation.
Farmer draws a square in the air.
Farmer even has pear and cherry trees.
Farmer explain before a hen therefore have hvac tools.
Farmer gets permit to shoot aggressive hippo.
Farmer goes on to change the subject back to negativity towards the dam.
Farmer handles fish inventively without being fussy.
Farmer has the flexibility to play at several defensive positions.
Farmer has three sons and five daughters.
Farmer hears a knock at the door.
Farmer ignores the signed letter when it is received.
Farmer is a sensitive, powerful love story about a man on the cutting edge of life.
Farmer is a specialist in sheepdog trialling and can let guests see the dogs working.
Farmer is almost totally dependent on the rain god.
Farmer is also a fan of the building itself.
Farmer is an amateur entomologist.
Farmer is associate vice chancellor and director of medical alumni and development programs.
Farmer is considered the personification of the flugelhorn.
Farmer is known to carry firearms.
Farmer is never off the clock a.
Farmer is sent results and warned of any toxic levels.
Farmer is single and resides in Lexington.
Farmer is the only one remaining of the Civil Rights Big Four of the era.
Farmer is the real deal at running back.
Farmer is the team's lone senior.
Farmer isa individual.
Farmer isa person.
Farmer isa somebody.
Farmer isa someone.
Farmer keeps on saving the eggs.
Farmer likes gopher snakes.
Farmer loses ewe.
Farmer loses lamb.
Farmer now resides, a tiller of the soil.
Farmer offers new insight into the complicated world of sixteenth-century biblical interpretation.
Farmer plans to eventually earn a Ph.D. in art history.
Farmer plans to major in computer science.
Farmer plays beautifully and for once the multiple takes of the same song seem to make sense.
Farmer refers to the phenomena in the three following headings.
Farmer remains in possession of the estate.
Farmer reorganizes debts under court supervision.
Farmer reports on using subsurface drip irrigation.
Farmer says community groups are trying to devise ways to save the hospital.
Farmer says quality is paramount, including packaging, which is changed at least every two years.
Farmer says the cooperation between the two is important.
Farmer seems to maybe kind of glide a lot.
Farmer sells dates.
Farmer sits down.
Farmer smiles and goes back to work.
Farmer still Chest descend many service under a personal major leaugue baseball hat.
Farmer still Chest descend many service under a personal mississippi rebels collectibles.
Farmer still Chest descend many service under a personal nebraska cornhuskers hat.
Farmer still Chest descend many service under a personal nebraska cornhuskers jersey.
Farmer still Chest descend many service under a personal new england patriots posters.
Farmer stresses the importance of involving faculty with the review team throughout the process.
Farmer suggests that they're trying to keep their hearts supplied with enough oxygen.
Farmer takes everything in stride.
Farmer talks about relocating to Vienna.
Farmer thinks so.
Farmer varieties across the landscape.
Farmer wants to finish the season before negotiating a new deal.
Farmer writes a powerful book, well-documented and illustrated with many aptly chosen examples.
Farmer writes per-wiki configurations to files on disk.
Farmer writhes in pain and grabs right thigh.
Farmers accept explanations.
Farmers access current and archived data from a website.
Farmers actually build bat houses around their crops to attract bats.
Farmers actually think it is a true story.
Farmers add compost.
Farmers add fertilizer.
Farmers address soil depletion by rotating crops and the use of fertilizers.
Farmers adopt biotech products into the mainstream.
Farmers adopt new skills to deal with depleted soils.
Farmers adopt new techniques.
Farmers adopt techniques.
Farmers adopting no-tillage often cite adequate weed control as their biggest concern.
Farmers already feel the pressure and have once again sued for support.
Farmers already get big discounts on their fuel bills.
Farmers already have to deal with plenty of regulations.
Farmers already inoculate silage with microorganisms to speed fermentation.
Farmers also add salt and vitamins to a pig diet.
Farmers also are interested in government support for turning grains into fuel.
Farmers also benefit because the cities provide a demand for their crops and livestock.
Farmers also benefit by developing a long-term community interest in the viability of their farm.
Farmers also breed and feed hogs and cattle.
Farmers also burn their pastures for agricultural purposes, which destroys licuri palm trees.
Farmers also can compete in a hay quality contest by bringing one unbroken bale of hay as an entry.
Farmers also can help birds by allowing biologists access to their land for bird research.
Farmers also can manage for pheasants and charge a fee for access to hunt.
Farmers also can use the tax savings to invest in their operations or pay down existing debt.
Farmers also charge that anti-cocoa chemical deforestation harms family food crops as well.
Farmers also complain about the program.
Farmers also conduct egg rescues and build nesting boxes for wood ducks.
Farmers also contends that the circuit court erred by assessing double costs and interest under Wis.
Farmers also employ human labor to cut weeds.
Farmers also enrich soil, plant trees and put out bush fires.
Farmers also face critical shortages in gasoline, diesel fuel, fertilizers, and pesticides.
Farmers also feed pumpkins to their livestock.
Farmers also find dogs useful to protect there farm animals.
Farmers also find tobacco an attractive crop for more practical reasons.
Farmers also get to hand over their crops and chickens and pigs to the military.
Farmers also get two more payments during the rest of the year based on sugar's net selling price.
Farmers also give pigs important minerals.
Farmers also grow apples, grapes, peaches, and plums.
Farmers also grow beans and groundnuts, which are used to make sauces or stews.
Farmers also grow crops such as maize, millet, rice, peanuts, and beans.
Farmers also grow lentils in India, Iran, and Turkey.
Farmers also grow root crops, such as turnips and potatoes.
Farmers also grow teff, a grain that is common only in Eritrea and Ethiopia.
Farmers also has a different labor mix.
Farmers also have lower risks for cancers of the lung, esophagus, bladder, colon, liver, and kidney.
Farmers also have machinery and trucks that run on gasoline.
Farmers also have to fend off complaints about the stink of manure.
Farmers also hold certain beliefs while selecting the rice seed plots.
Farmers also kill bears that raid their sugarcane or cornfields.
Farmers also make decisions that they think they can afford.
Farmers also offers a full line of life insurance and investment products.
Farmers also pay income taxes and bear the brunt of local property taxes.
Farmers also perform painful branding, dehorning, and castration on cattle without anesthesia.
Farmers also raise beef, hogs and some poultry.
Farmers also raise dairy cattle, sheep, hogs, and poultry, and mixed farming is common.
Farmers also raise pigs and cattle.
Farmers also report sighting UFOs in the general area.
Farmers also say poorly kept county roads make it difficult to haul farming equipment.
Farmers also say that they follow state and federal regulations regarding work conditions.
Farmers also say they have a role in helping to preserve wildlife.
Farmers also say they want the regulations to crack down on genetically modified crops.
Farmers also see some risk to their own stability in the limiting of their freedom to sell land.
Farmers also tend herds of sheep, cattle, and long haired oxen.
Farmers also thrive on orange cultivation.
Farmers also treat their cats, dogs, horses, cattle, and birds homeopathically.
Farmers also try to keep healthy plants away from contaminated farm and processing tools.
Farmers also use biotechnology to help plants survive.
Farmers also use cadmium laced fertilizers for their crops.
Farmers also use copper to spray vegetables and grains to prevent fungus and algae growth.
Farmers also use cows to get beef for steaks and hamburger.
Farmers also use propane to dry crops, power tractors and warm greenhouses.
Farmers announce new march.
Farmers appear to have an increased risk of brain cancer.
Farmers appear to have differing opinions on the plant.
Farmers appear to have had a good crop year, with prices and yields generally above average.
Farmers apply a variety of fertilizer materials.
Farmers apply liquid or granular bradyrhizobium bacteria cells to the seed before planting.
Farmers apply most of the herbicides used in the watersheds to corn and soybeans.
Farmers apply plant nutrients only if their effects on crop yields are profitable.
Farmers apply the donated herbicide to crops at test sites and researchers study it in their labs.
Farmers appreciate expert help in interpretation of data.
Farmers are a crucial part of the economy and the international credibility of the country.
Farmers are a little bit apprehensive.
Farmers are a particular problem.
Farmers are a persistent lot.
Farmers are a relatively healthy group.
Farmers are able to establish cocoa agroforests with little input required from research institutes.
Farmers are able to retain seed for the next season.
Farmers are able to sell their products without the costs of transportation.
Farmers are able to spray with less herbicide on fewer occasions.
Farmers are about through gathering corn.
Farmers are about through harvesting their crops.
Farmers are accustomed to dealing with manure, and sewage sludge application is highly regulated.
Farmers are also able to sell wool on the system, even before it is shorn.
Farmers are also busy getting ready for seeding and that slows down grain deliveries.
Farmers are also concerned about the increase in fuel costs for spring work.
Farmers are also confused about the names of public and private seed companies.
Farmers are also more willing to make investments to improve the quality of their farm resources.
Farmers are also responsible for signing required, binding agreements.
Farmers are also very excited about hemp as a rotation crop for soybeans, wheat and potatoes.
Farmers are also worried about rot and bacterial problems.
Farmers are always subject to the vagaries of weather that sometimes turns extreme.
Farmers are always the first to moan, even though they caused the problems themselves.
Farmers are among the first environmentalists or conservationists.
Farmers are among the persons with high rates of melanoma .
Farmers are an emotional group.
Farmers are an endangered, but necessary, species.
Farmers are angry.
Farmers are another enemy.
Farmers are at breaking point as the countryside is in crisis.
Farmers are at high risk to respiratory health hazards.
Farmers are at increased exposure for motor vehicle accidents.
Farmers are at risk.
Farmers are at that point now.
Farmers are at the bottom of the ladder when it comes to their share of the agricultural dollar.
Farmers are at the mercy of the general economy for a fair price.
Farmers are aware of the antibiotics being tested.
Farmers are born weighing more than seven pounds.
Farmers are both poor and poorly equipped for success at nonfarm enterprises.
Farmers are business people and are involved in their communities.
Farmers are business people.
Farmers are busy checking fields and arguing about low contracts.
Farmers are busy planting crops and are hoping for rain.
Farmers are busy.
Farmers are calm, practical people.
Farmers are canceling equipment orders, and employees in the tourism business are being laid off.
Farmers are capable of farm lands.
Farmers are capable of growing the maximum amount of crop in a minimum amount of space.
Farmers are capable of seed plants.
Farmers are capable of water plants.
Farmers are caretakers of their land.
Farmers are certainly capable.
Farmers are certainly familiar with the stuff of which that pledge is made.
Farmers are comfortable and willing to work with traditional agencies.
Farmers are committed to making changes to their farm management.
Farmers are concerned about a cooler and wetter spring.
Farmers are concerned about availability and price of nitrogen based fertilizers.
Farmers are concerned about more government control over their land.
Farmers are concerned about wolves preying on their livestock.
Farmers are concerned because of uncertain market access.
Farmers are concerned with costs.
Farmers are concerned with profits which are calculated from output price as well as input cost.
Farmers are concerned. . . .
Farmers are concerned.
Farmers are conservationists by nature.
Farmers are constantly changing, their needs are changing, they're very diverse.
Farmers are consumers just like everyone else.
Farmers are crafty at beating the system.
Farmers are creators.
Farmers are currently on the receiving end of a crime spree.
Farmers are currently unsure about where to sell into the market as is or wait for higher prices.
Farmers are definitely interested in weather.
Farmers are delirious with joy, spending up their biggest cheques since the Korean War.
Farmers are desperate to protect their animals from infection.
Farmers are down there every day at the legislature.
Farmers are economic actors and capable of making choices.
Farmers are entrepreneurs and it is a risky business.
Farmers are entrepreneurs, of course.
Farmers are equally alarmed.
Farmers are essential if agricultural soils are managed to sequester carbon.
Farmers are excellent risk assessors and managers.
Farmers are excellent spokespersons.
Farmers are exempt from income tax and there is no land tax.
Farmers are exempt from sales taxes.
Farmers are familiar with the process.
Farmers are far more educated.
Farmers are far too observant to allow the moths to set up housekeeping in their orchards.
Farmers are fisherman-farmers, compared to Vikings for their courage and sea skill.
Farmers are free to collect dead, dying or dry wood from the nearby forests free of tax.
Farmers are free to let their cows contaminate the waters of our lakes without any restriction.
Farmers are free to make a choice of what they want to plant.
Farmers are free to sell their coffee outside the central market.
Farmers are freer to produce what they want.
Farmers are frustrated and angered by the decision.
Farmers are full-time businesspeople who always are concerned with the bottom line.
Farmers are generally among the worst employers.
Farmers are generally independent and have always done it their way.
Farmers are good stewards of the land and care about the environment.
Farmers are happy to find an additional market for straw which is frequently burned.
Farmers are happy to leave questions of safety in the hands of scientists and regulators.
Farmers are hard at work in the fields.
Farmers are hard workers and spare time is one thing they don t have much of.
Farmers are 'high control' people, they like to make their own decisions.
Farmers are highly sensitive to insulin.
Farmers are honest folks.
Farmers are important all over the world.
Farmers are in a big mess, and business owners have collapsed entirely.
Farmers are in a free-market system today for the first time in years.
Farmers are in a very volatile economy, there's up years, there's down years.
Farmers are in conflict with animals that eat their crops.
Farmers are in debt because merchants reduce the price for the loss of fragrance.
Farmers are in financial ruin.
Farmers are in no doubt that coca remains the most profitable crop in the Amazonian region.
Farmers are in the consumer products business with our commodities.
Farmers are in the midst of a 'one in twenty-five' year season.
Farmers are in their fields combining corn.
Farmers are in their shops repairing machines or in barns and sheds tending to livestock.
Farmers are increasingly interested in voicing concerns to their representatives.
Farmers are incredibly productive, but it does come at a price.
Farmers are independent people.
Farmers are independent thinkers as well as independent business operators.
Farmers are independent, but they've survived past challenges using cooperation.
Farmers are individuals - used to being on their own.
Farmers are innovative.
Farmers are interested in climate change for the same reason.
Farmers are interested in the weather because our livelihoods depend on it.
Farmers are just as concerned.
Farmers are just custodians of the countryside.
Farmers are just one link in the food chain.
Farmers are keen to assist in establishing and monitoring crane numbers on their farms.
Farmers are keenly aware of their responsibility as guardians of our natural resources.
Farmers are less likely to restrict access than other land owners.
Farmers are liable for any damage to their tobacco that occurs in transit.
Farmers are likely to benefit even without using futures market directly.
Farmers are limited to planting crop species or cultivars that tolerate such conditions.
Farmers are limited to the crops they know how to produce.
Farmers are located in fairgrounds.
Farmers are more concerned about numbers than quality.
Farmers are more mechanized.
Farmers are more religious than city people because they go to church and pray for rain.
Farmers are most vulnerable to injury when they are tired, hurried, or complacent about safety.
Farmers are mostly retail buyers and wholesale sellers - they're between a rock and a hard place.
Farmers are neither to sow nor harvest during the seventh year.
Farmers are nervous.
Farmers are next on the list of people who are most likely to marry another in the same occupation.
Farmers are no exception.
Farmers are no longer in the commodity business.
Farmers are no longer to be considered as the recipients or adopters of technology.
Farmers are no respecters of boundaries.
Farmers are now able to do work that use to take weeks in only a day or to.
Farmers are now able to manage individual areas of their fields more accurately.
Farmers are now able to produce all feeds necessary for the production of hogs and cattle.
Farmers are now happy.
Farmers are now only a tiny percentage of the population.
Farmers are often less star-struck, selling any heads they find to tourists for a pittance.
Farmers are often surprised at the level of variability within their farm.
Farmers are often the first to observe local weather and yield developments.
Farmers are on a treadmill.
Farmers are on the front line of decision making on the use of agricultural biotechnology products.
Farmers are one of the most tech savvy groups in our industry base.
Farmers are our best stewards of the land.
Farmers are our friends.
Farmers are outraged that healthy animals are being destroyed to try to control the outbreak.
Farmers are part of the team.
Farmers are particularly property wealthy but cash poor.
Farmers are particularly vulnerable when there is a surplus of the products they produce.
Farmers are people.
Farmers are people.
Farmers are powerless to act, and they are becoming increasingly upset.
Farmers are powerless to oppose continued reduction of commodity returns by downstream industries.
Farmers are prepared to adopt sustainable farming practices if they can afford to do so.
Farmers are present during calving to ensure successful delivery.
Farmers are pretty smart.
Farmers are probably most familiar with prices for inputs they use and commodities they produce.
Farmers are prone to an increased incidence of arthritis.
Farmers are property-rich, of course, because they hold land.
Farmers are proud of the vital role they play in our country.
Farmers are proud of their efforts to produce economical quantities of quality food.
Farmers are proud that they finally have an opportunity to own and operate their own farms.
Farmers are proud.
Farmers are quite accustomed to dealing with all three.
Farmers are quite concerned with preserving the soil.
Farmers are quite likely to resist the adoption of new technology that restricts their flexibility.
Farmers are ready to do their part in accomplishing current and future national environmental goals.
Farmers are resilient and creative.
Farmers are respected professionals here.
Farmers are responsible for every agricultural product that leaves their farms.
Farmers are responsible for feeding a rapidly growing world population.
Farmers are responsible for feeding and clothing people.
Farmers are responsible for managing and organising the service locally as well as nationally.
Farmers are responsible for tending the fields, as well as raising the animals.
Farmers are satisfied and unhappy with the money their crop is fetching.
Farmers are self-sufficient, independent kind of people.
Farmers are short of fertilizer and pesticide, which are essential but imported products.
Farmers are skilled at networking.
Farmers are small scale household based cultivators.
Farmers are so desperate to save herds and flocks they want every avenue to be explored.
Farmers are starvingin the trenches.
Farmers are stewards of the land Each year billions of trees are seeded on farmland.
Farmers are still able to cultivate rice at a safe distance.
Farmers are strongly inclined to blame badgers, which harbour the same disease.
Farmers are successful economically, environmentally, socially, and politically.
Farmers are the adopters, the adapters, and often the innovators of new farming techniques.
Farmers are the backbone of our state and our nation.
Farmers are the best stewards of America's natural resources.
Farmers are the eternal optimists.
Farmers are the first environmentalists.
Farmers are the first to be affected by pollution from farm-derived substances.
Farmers are the foremost experts on their own local needs and conditions.
Farmers are the hardest working people in America, and are pillars of their communities.
Farmers are the largest occupational group among suicides in Powys.
Farmers are the lifeblood of our country.
Farmers are the main actors in food production yet they are continually crippled by poverty.
Farmers are the most important people in the world.
Farmers are the most ready to adapt, to sort through options and to figure things out.
Farmers are the most squeezable link in the food chain.
Farmers are the primary stewards of the American landscape.
Farmers are the systems care-givers or stewards.
Farmers are the ultimate environmentalists.
Farmers are the usual victims and are bitten when walking outdoors at night.
Farmers are tired of all the finger pointing.
Farmers are tired of playing the subsidy game and living on narrow profit margins.
Farmers are to leave the gleanings of the harvest and the corners of the fields for the poor.
Farmers are to win abolition of vehicle excise duty on tractors and similar agricultural vehicles.
Farmers are too independent to organize.
Farmers are twice as likely to kill themselves as other men of the same age.
Farmers are twice as likely to kill themselves compared with others of the same age.
Farmers are twice as likely to live in poverty as members of the general population.
Farmers are unable to pay the costs to produce food.
Farmers are unable to pay their gasoline bills to harvest their crops.
Farmers are unable to safely use their equipment in the wet fields.
Farmers are unable to take their tractors and bullock carts to the fields.
Farmers are under pressure to produce more crops on small areas of land.
Farmers are uneasy about the plan.
Farmers are usually patient, hard workers, and wise.
Farmers are usually very good at identifying interactions unique to their agroecosystems.
Farmers are versatile people.
Farmers are very concerned about the price of commodities.
Farmers are very conscientious about soil and water the economics of it, too.
Farmers are very important to the world.
Farmers are very innovative and flexible, and can shift their focus rapidly.
Farmers are very intelligent business people, they have to be or they loose their way of life.
Farmers are very skeptical of new companies and products.
Farmers are well aware of the value of black rat snakes in controlling destructive rodents.
Farmers are willing to take highly erodible land out of production.
Farmers are worried sick as it is.
Farmers are worried.
Farmers are, by nature, conservative.
Farmers are, indeed, true stewards and a specie worth protecting.
Farmers aren t selling right now as they are more concerned with seeding.
Farmers argue about the types of implements to use and their color.
Farmers argue that they are among the best stewards of open land.
Farmers arrive like police inspectors only to find a ransacked crop and incredible loss of money.
Farmers attempt to anticipate weather variations and adjust their work routines accordingly.
Farmers avoid prisons.
Farmers base their seed-purchasing decisions on such crop traits.
Farmers battle back with air canons.
Farmers become active learners and independent decision makers through learning by doing.
Farmers become dependent on tobacco - even to eat.
Farmers become fearful of working their land due to landmines and warfare.
Farmers become like drug addicts, dependent on getting the next fix, and becomming more dependent.
Farmers begin to grow crops in rows to facilitate weed control.
Farmers begin to see the effects of poor soil quite quickly as yields decline.
Farmers begin to water more land, and irrigation systems develop.
Farmers believe hand pollination is the best method under adverse climatic conditions.
Farmers believe in Cuba.
Farmers believe their land has been polluted.
Farmers bend trade policy.
Farmers benefit both directly and indirectly from responding to the census of agriculture.
Farmers benefit by having a reliable market, and a direct relationship with their customers.
Farmers benefit from direct sales and support.
Farmers benefit from ecosystem services.
Farmers benefit from experience.
Farmers benefit from have experience.
Farmers benefit from having a wide range of seed varieties and other planting materials.
Farmers benefit from new varieties that have improved resistance to diseases and pests.
Farmers benefit from reduced loss of soil and fertilizer.
Farmers benefit from services.
Farmers benefit from subsidies designed to lower their costs for irrigating their crops.
Farmers benefit from the higher yields that a new hybrid seed, for instance, can bring.
Farmers blame the low prices on the liberalisation.
Farmers breaking movement restrictions can face fines running into thousands of pounds.
Farmers breed livestock like sheep, goats, cattle and asses.
Farmers bring crops.
Farmers bring nutmeg fruit from their trees and sell it to the cooperative.
Farmers bring their produce and then compete for the customer's business.
Farmers bring their produce to town - flour, rice, and vegetables.
Farmers bring vegetables.
Farmers bristle at the notion of the subsidies and speak bitterly about the government's heavy hand.
Farmers build more permanent, solid dwellings since they stay with their land.
Farmers build their homes on mounds of earth to escape the rising waters.
Farmers bund the fields to store water.
Farmers burn and destroy wild vegetation to grow crops.
Farmers burn heather to induce fresh shoots for their sheep to feed on.
Farmers buy hens.
Farmers buy more pesticides with each planting season.
Farmers buy or sell quota, the right to produce specified amount.
Farmers buy products.
Farmers buy the seed once and do their own work thereafter.
Farmers buy the seed once do their own work thereafter.
Farmers buy the water that the pump can pump.
Farmers buy water by the acre-foot.
Farmers call because they want to diversify.
Farmers call it 'protein concentrates'.
Farmers call it protein concentrates.
Farmers can absorb just so much of the costs.
Farmers can access the information via computer.
Farmers can access the same worldwide markets as urbanites.
Farmers can also adjust the diet of livestock to reduce methane emissions.
Farmers can also buy coverage for winter kill of fruit trees.
Farmers can also earn far higher returns from illicit plants than from the alternatives.
Farmers can also get additional data from imaging satellites.
Farmers can also get higher prices for organic goods.
Farmers can also get style points by using vintage firearms from World War II or before.
Farmers can also grow fiber crops, such as kenaf, for paper.
Farmers can also have crops custom cleaned for the seeds.
Farmers can also help by making their slow-moving vehicles as visible as possible.
Farmers can also leave crop residue on the field after harvesting.
Farmers can also pick their own autumn beef price.
Farmers can also sell their oysters before the onset of winter.
Farmers can always buy other seeds they can replant.
Farmers can always grow more corn.
Farmers can apply at any time.
Farmers can apply for favorable exemptions and pay at year end without incurring a penalty.
Farmers can apply for grants under the Financial Assistance Policy for capital works.
Farmers can avoid harm to the environment.
Farmers can be innocent victims in the meth trade.
Farmers can be petty, too.
Farmers can benefit from growing a succession of flowering plants throughout summer.
Farmers can bring parasites onto their farms in new stock.
Farmers can build their chicken houses as close to streams as they want.
Farmers can buy photographs showing the whole of their farm.
Farmers can calculate their own cost by adding the market value of equipment used to harvest hay.
Farmers can change the background data to better reflect their ponds' characteristics.
Farmers can check prices and updates at any time.
Farmers can check their nearest stockist at the Antec website .
Farmers can choose to replace older, more dangerous herbicides with newer, less dangerous ones.
Farmers can choose to use the grant to purchase fodder or to re-sow damaged pastures.
Farmers can claim a credit for off-highway use of fuels.
Farmers can collect the vermi-compost by digging out all the material from the pit.
Farmers can consult with extension specialists about research on weed and pest controls.
Farmers can contact their equipment dealers for more information.
Farmers can control their own pricing.
Farmers can count on snow in winter a lot more than they can count on rain in spring or summer.
Farmers can do much to reduce the arson risk by taking some simple precautions.
Farmers can earn more by harvesting at the optimal time.
Farmers can easily inspect for the fungus.
Farmers can either be a part of the change or watch it go by and be left behind.
Farmers can enter the goat industry by simply including goats in their farming system.
Farmers can evaluate which crops are best suited for their soils.
Farmers can even borrow money to support their harvesting.
Farmers can even breed new varieties in accordance with their individual tastes.
Farmers can even grow alfalfa as feed with no more irrigation than the frequent rains.
Farmers can even spray at night when there's less wind.
Farmers can exercise a degree of control on the various costs of production.
Farmers can expect fairly heavy losses.
Farmers can expect increasingly to give up control over farm-level production decisions.
Farmers can feast on agricultural knowledge.
Farmers can fill local niche markets for fresh and organic foods.
Farmers can find re-refined oil in bulk at most oil distribution facilities.
Farmers can follow almost any branch of agriculture with equal and satisfactory success.
Farmers can generate precise yield maps, showing yield variations across fields.
Farmers can get good harvest and prolong the marketing supply period to get economic benefit.
Farmers can get off for a week or more at a time by doubling up on one another's chores.
Farmers can give advice to other farmers that are hundreds or even thousands miles away.
Farmers can grow algae simultaneously with their crops.
Farmers can grow beans on land and in climates that are also good for corn.
Farmers can grow bioenergy crops and operate bioenergy facilities as well as produce food.
Farmers can grow crops in parts of the wetter savanna.
Farmers can grow crops or raise cattle next to the towers.
Farmers can grow less, diversify, seek local markets for their produce, innovate.
Farmers can grow tree crops freely with full ownership.
Farmers can help prevent water erosion by plowing across a slope instead of up and down it.
Farmers can help themselves by making a good quality hay and controlling wild oats at the same time.
Farmers can help to prevent nitrogen pollution by contour plowing.
Farmers can increase their individual coverage levels thanks to better premium subsidies.
Farmers can increase their profit by eliminating the middlemen.
Farmers can influence soil acidity and manage it for best results.
Farmers can learn a great deal from each other.
Farmers can lease a 'booth' for their products, gifts and crafts and shoppers can buy.
Farmers can leave strips of land untilled, to act as a catch for water-borne erosion.
Farmers can literally have their cake and eat it, too.
Farmers can look forward to growing demand and higher prices.
Farmers can lose huge amounts of planted crops and stored grains to rodents.
Farmers can make better and more informed decisions to deal with threats to their crop.
Farmers can make terraces to keep the soil in place.
Farmers can manage their land to produce more pheasants.
Farmers can manage their land with an eye toward quail protection and propagation.
Farmers can market their product designated for livestock feed or industrial use, such as ethanol.
Farmers can more accurately plan and plant thereby generating greater yields.
Farmers can more precisely monitor the health of crops and estimate yields.
Farmers can mow in a corncrake friendly way.
Farmers can never have enough in the check book.
Farmers can no longer afford to feed their animals.
Farmers can no longer depend on a hot summer to wipe out the population of the late blight fungus.
Farmers can no longer depend on the local elevator as their only market.
Farmers can no longer rely strictly on sediment ponds.
Farmers can no longer use ruminant materials as ingredients in ruminant feed.
Farmers can now market their products to large cities, simply at the click of a mouse.
Farmers can now place water-sensitive cards throughout their fields.
Farmers can now produce crops with a high market value and earn more.
Farmers can now receive grant money and loans, but officials admit they can only do so much.
Farmers can only raise their income by pumping more milk.
Farmers can only sell what they grow.
Farmers can only try the tactic, and wait.
Farmers can open their land to hunters to reduce the number of deer on their property.
Farmers can outwait a price decline and sell next season by slowing the growth rate of their hogs.
Farmers can pay off the loan in full by turning the crop over to the government.
Farmers can plan on re-planting a significant number of listed acres in an average year.
Farmers can plant seeds that are modified to resist the effects of glufosinate.
Farmers can plant, spray and celebrate.
Farmers can practice on actual futures and option trading using real historical data.
Farmers can presently earn incomes many times that of a teacher or doctor.
Farmers can prevent pollution by sound tillage practices and handling of pesticides and fertilizers.
Farmers can protect their health by choosing the least toxic pesticide for the job.
Farmers can protect their soil from erosion in several ways.
Farmers can protect their stock with the use of shade nets.
Farmers can raise the sidewalls to ventilate the structure.
Farmers can reap economic benefits from organic agriculture.
Farmers can receive credit to cover part of their crops.
Farmers can recognise different varieties and their special characteristics.
Farmers can recover damages if they are harmed by misleading or incomplete information.
Farmers can reduce hassles by giving some thought to their farming practices.
Farmers can reduce pesticide use and capture and treat runoff before it contaminates habitat.
Farmers can reduce the amount of herbicide and pesticide spraying.
Farmers can reduce the use of pesticides and depend more on organic farming methods.
Farmers can reduce their costs by using less irrigation water.
Farmers can remain on the committee, but they refrain from discussing their own property.
Farmers can remember using injection on their tractors for more power and efficiency.
Farmers can rent the lagoon pump-out equipment for a very nominal fee.
Farmers can request information via a toll-free telephone number.
Farmers can review rainfall amounts, soil temperatures and heat unit information.
Farmers can save moisture by growing fences.
Farmers can save on fuel expenses several ways during planting.
Farmers can scan the bids and sell to the buyer offering the best net price.
Farmers can see how the manure digester works, for example.
Farmers can seed alternate crops, including barley.
Farmers can select from various breeds suitable for their region and market conditions.
Farmers can select the approach that works best for their farm or region of the country.
Farmers can select the type of crop that is adequate for the climate condition.
Farmers can sell the sprouted wheat for animal feed but lose up to half the crop's value.
Farmers can sell tree-ripened fruit too delicate for the packing and shipping process.
Farmers can sequester carbon through the use of conservation tillage techniques.
Farmers can spray as many pesticides as they want without harming the crop.
Farmers can store or sequester carbon in their soil.
Farmers can subscribe for a small fee.
Farmers can sue hunters for crop damage caused by wildlife.
Farmers can t afford to have their machines down.
Farmers can t even feed the whole country.
Farmers can take samples of the seed to a grain elevator for a moisture test.
Farmers can tap into the database via the Internet.
Farmers can tell if wheat has broken dormancy by examining a plant.
Farmers can then contact each other and make appropriate arrangements.
Farmers can then raise a single crop that can be marketed at the same time.
Farmers can then use other software to create the maps.
Farmers can think about what makes more sense.
Farmers can use a number of tools to assess the financial performance of an enterprise.
Farmers can use a series of factors to determine the health of their soil.
Farmers can use an imager to quickly identify and resolve crop losses due to animal destruction.
Farmers can use flame throwers to control both annual and perennial weeds.
Farmers can use horses for different jobs on the farm.
Farmers can use it to find out what scale insect is frolicking in the alfalfa.
Farmers can use management practices that are both environmentally and economically sound.
Farmers can use no till.
Farmers can use other more specialized crossbreeding programs, only purchase boars as well.
Farmers can use relatively simple techniques to keep track of what pests are where.
Farmers can use temperature to help predict the abundance of certain pests.
Farmers can use the following forms and schedules.
Farmers can use the Internet to check meteorology and soil forecasts based on satellite information.
Farmers can use the whole corn plant - that is, when it rains enough for a plant even to grow.
Farmers can work to find better ways to grow their crops without disturbing wild creatures so much.
Farmers can, therefore, play an important role in countryside management as environmental stewards.
Farmers care about the environment.
Farmers care deeply for the health and welfare of their animals.
Farmers care for animals.
Farmers celebrate the official end of the export ban.
Farmers check oil, water levels, and tire pressure.
Farmers check the springtime soil and the sky, just as their ancestors did for millennia before.
Farmers choose options.
Farmers choose the varieties for cultivation among the bred varieties available.
Farmers choose their careers in livestock management because they have a love for animals.
Farmers choose to store their potatoes because there is usually a price increase during the winter.
Farmers choose varieties depending on their location and desired crop size.
Farmers cite both harvesting difficulties as well as problems in getting it planted on time.
Farmers cite scarce data in corn mixing.
Farmers claim conditions are now drier than they have seen in a generation.
Farmers claim damage.
Farmers claim 'disease control chaos' Links to more UK stories are at the foot of the page.
Farmers claim much of the money raised is squandered by officials on banquets, cars and high living.
Farmers claim that rogue plants mature first.
Farmers coax a humble existence growing beans, corn and coffee.
Farmers collect the sap.
Farmers collectively manage their land and crops.
Farmers combine their grain independently of one another.
Farmers come into the clinic with a wide range of needs and issues.
Farmers commit suicide because whole crops are ruined.
Farmers commonly drive tractors and skid-steer loaders on reinforced concrete floors and slats.
Farmers commonly use penicillin, tetracycline, erythromycin and others.
Farmers commonly use penicillin, tetracyclines, erythromycin and others.
Farmers compete for water with booming but stressed cities.
Farmers compete with one another for land.
Farmers complain about maneuvering implements through the speeding tide of commuters' cars.
Farmers complain about the apple crop.
Farmers complain of wolves killing sheep and pets and walking into farmyards and barns.
Farmers consciously estimate the likelihood of drought, hail, storms, etc.
Farmers consider cost.
Farmers consider it a nuisance.
Farmers consider livestock.
Farmers consider nuisances.
Farmers consider that the performance and physical quality of our products lead the field.
Farmers consult veterinarians in cases of disease outbreak and in developing herd health programs.
Farmers contend they get enough exercise.
Farmers continue to compete with each other, a sure way to keep economic power low.
Farmers continue to make good progress topping and harvesting tobacco with topping nearly complete.
Farmers continue to own the land, but they can only use it for agriculture.
Farmers continue to own their land.
Farmers continue to play a key role in maintaining biological diversity.
Farmers continue to search for drought tolerant crops.
Farmers continue to search for new areas to cultivate.
Farmers continue to use irrigation systems with higher efficiency, as shown in the following table.
Farmers contribute to the construction by providing the labour required.
Farmers contribute to the wealth of America.
Farmers control chickens.
Farmers control communication campaigns.
Farmers control erosion by using cover crops to stabilize the soil during winter rains.
Farmers control horn flies based on the husbandry and production practice of their region.
Farmers control rabbit populations directly by poisoning, trapping, and destroying warrens.
Farmers control seeds.
Farmers control sheep.
Farmers control the nation's agricultural resource base.
Farmers control their own pricing.
Farmers control their visitors, their mail, even their weekly shopping trips.
Farmers control weeds in crops because they reduce crop yield.
Farmers cope with the hail hazard by purchasing insurance.
Farmers couldn t get their crops to market.
Farmers create and spread knowledge and influence issues.
Farmers cultivate the fields to control weeds.
Farmers cultivate the land, which is a form of dominion over the land.
Farmers cultivate, plant, fertilize, pray, and wait for harvest which comes much later.
Farmers deal with landscape issues daily.
Farmers deal with one of the very few areas of renewable resources available to mankind.
Farmers dealing with the problem now work far too expensively to stay on top of it.
Farmers decide which pesticides to spray on our food.
Farmers define it differently than city dwellers and water engineers.
Farmers demand clarity.
Farmers demand compensation for use of balers and storage of bales on arable land.
Farmers demand for currency compensation Bonn.
Farmers demand help.
Farmers demand it.
Farmers depend heavily on new technology to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
Farmers depend on a functional drainage system to remove excess field water.
Farmers depend on bees and other pollinators for the health and abundance of many of their crops.
Farmers depend on disaster relief.
Farmers depend on local businesses and services to stay in business.
Farmers depend on pesticides, including herbicides, to increase crop yields.
Farmers depend on pollinator populations for their livelihood.
Farmers depend on rain to nourish crops, but too much rain can actually harm crop production.
Farmers depend on rain water for their crops.
Farmers depend on the aquifer to irrigate over one million acres annually.
Farmers depend on the bees to cross-pollinate their products.
Farmers depend on the environment.
Farmers depend on the information, as do wildlife managers and municipal water agencies.
Farmers depend on their animals for milk and for offspring that are raised for meat.
Farmers depend upon the earth year after year for their livelihoods.
Farmers deserve a decent return for their labor.
Farmers deserve a seat among the ultimate arbiters of American business.
Farmers deserve better than to be misled by organizations that supposedly work on their behalf.
Farmers deserve more than good speeches and good photo-ops.
Farmers deserve more.
Farmers deserve our attention to one of their most pressing needs.
Farmers deserve their fair share of the settlement.
Farmers deserve to be told the truth by their leaders.
Farmers design integrated crop-tree systems.
Farmers desire to conserve water, energy, and labor.
Farmers determine the agenda of the meetings with extension .
Farmers develop market approach to sales.
Farmers develop methods.
Farmers discount immediate gain rather than slow sustained growth.
Farmers dislike chucks and road hunters.
Farmers dislike the excesses of the farm program.
Farmers dislike wasting money as much as other citizens do.
Farmers dislike wasting money no less than nonfarmers do.
Farmers do it early in the morning.
Farmers do it in the dirt.
Farmers do it with cows, sheep and other assorted animals.
Farmers do it.
Farmers do less of their own spraying.
Farmers do some of the hardest, riskiest, most important work there is to be done.
Farmers do some of the hardest, riskiest, most important work.
Farmers do the riskiest business known to man.
Farmers do their own work on their land.
Farmers do use veterinarians regularly.
Farmers do want to make money on every acre of every field.
Farmers do, too.
Farmers don t believe they are losing productivity.
Farmers don t farm equal farms.
Farmers dont wear fedoras anymore.
Farmers downstream have high water tables and paddocks laid waste by salt.
Farmers drain the paddies and wait for the fields to dry out.
Farmers drink milk.
Farmers drive horses.
Farmers drive over a billion slooooww tractor miles every year on the same ground.
Farmers dump diatomaceous earth by big scoops in with grains when the grains are stored.
Farmers emphasize their limited access to resources like credit, fertilizer, and draft animals.
Farmers encounter animals.
Farmers encounter newcomers complaining about chemical spraying and other farming practices.
Farmers encourage bats to establish residency on farms by building bat boxes.
Farmers encourages all qualified applicants to apply.
Farmers engage in production.
Farmers enjoy faster, easier price discovery, lower transaction costs and greater market reach.
Farmers enjoy having barn owls on their property because they eat a lot of rodents.
Farmers ensure a steady, nutritious and safe food supply at reasonable prices.
Farmers ensure optimum irrigation to the desired soil depth by inserting a spade into the soil.
Farmers enter markets.
Farmers enter yield contests to see how much corn they can grow.
Farmers especially understand the importance of good stewardship.
Farmers establish their kiwi vines on trellises, much like a vineyard.
Farmers even spray it on crops.
Farmers even use the plants as pig fodder.
Farmers everywhere are conservative and skeptical.
Farmers everywhere take advantage of an aquifer locate between two aquicludes.
Farmers expect a very serious response because it's a very serious disease.
Farmers expect assistance and some resent regulation.
Farmers expect good value from expensive chemicals.
Farmers expect less monitoring because the government is, in fact, doing less of it.
Farmers expect their governments to work together to find solutions.
Farmers expect to save hundreds of thousands of dollars annually.
Farmers experience crops.
Farmers express thoughts.
Farmers extend the market season with an array of on-farm processed items.
Farmers face a daunting challenge to bring food to the table of consumers.
Farmers face engineering limitations.
Farmers face issues.
Farmers face many questions in the management of the farm business.
Farmers face more stringent agricultural regulations.
Farmers face poor harvest prospects as the erratic vuli rainfall season comes to an end.
Farmers face problems.
Farmers face record-low prices for their commodities.
Farmers face several obstacles to changing current practices, though.
Farmers face severe transport problems.
Farmers face similar incentives.
Farmers face storage dilemma with large crop and low prices.
Farmers face the challenge of developing their farms into successful business enterprises as well.
Farmers face three risk areas.
Farmers face tough issues.
Farmers face uncertainty about their future ability to sustain business.
Farmers facing the most desperate hardship are grain and seed producers.
Farmers fear they're losing the battle against a steady invasion of exotic plants.
Farmers feed animals.
Farmers feed cattle.
Farmers feed chickens.
Farmers feed cows.
Farmers feed mammals.
Farmers feed our nation.
Farmers feed the seed to livestock or make the entire plant into silage.
Farmers feel like scapegoats for the state's water quality programs.
Farmers feel like they're caught in the middle.
Farmers feel that retailers are reaping most of the benefits.
Farmers feel the pressure from neighbors and urban dwellers inhibiting their right to farm.
Farmers feel threatened because things have changed.
Farmers feel uneasy about the imported cattle.
Farmers fertilize the soil with manure.
Farmers fight corporate farming.
Farmers fill the street with the freshest produce from around the state.
Farmers finally have markets for a bright crop.
Farmers finance their debt in a variety of ways.
Farmers find it hard to sit down and talk.
Farmers find methods.
Farmers find technology.
Farmers find that by allowing pigs to behave naturally they raise healthier animals.
Farmers find that they promote more rapid growth.
Farmers focus on strategies.
Farmers follow standards that are designed with the best interest of the animal.
Farmers form the cradle of China's tax revolt.
Farmers fume that there are ample populations of suckers.
Farmers fund the cooperatives by supplying share capital.
Farmers gain a realistic idea of what the labor and costs the new technology entails.
Farmers gain free access to the Mississippi River through a treaty with Spain.
Farmers gather while they wait at the coffee shop in town.
Farmers generally buy less canned goods anyway.
Farmers generally order systems to be delivered and installed before the growing season.
Farmers generally rotate their crops.
Farmers generally test through the process of trial and error.
Farmers get a break relative to other self-employed individuals.
Farmers get a free source of nutrients.
Farmers get a lot better quality and quantity as they test the soil.
Farmers get a sense of satisfaction from helping young people in their community.
Farmers get crops.
Farmers get goods.
Farmers get help getting rid of excess chemicals.
Farmers get less for their livestock, while consumers pay more for meat in the grocery store.
Farmers get money for leaving some acres idle.
Farmers get more money for chickens with enlarged thighs and breasts.
Farmers get more money for turkeys with enlarged breasts.
Farmers get no financial reimbursement for that damage, either.
Farmers get results.
Farmers get rights.
Farmers get the benefit of financial and production analysis and income tax management help.
Farmers get the remaining two-thirds.
Farmers give advice to other farmers on how to coexist with non-farming neighbors.
Farmers give both sides average marks.
Farmers give high priority to human health.
Farmers give high priority to personal decision making.
Farmers give money in hopes that they can persuade politicians to repeal the death tax.
Farmers give their side of the issue.
Farmers go to towns.
Farmers greatly benefit from being good neighbors.
Farmers grow a large number of crops.
Farmers grow a variety of grains including wheat, canola, barley, and oats.
Farmers grow bananas, citrus fruits, cucumbers, pineapples, tomatoes, and other crops.
Farmers grow barley and wheat, onions, potatoes, soft fruit, and sugar beets.
Farmers grow cash crops to sell to developed countries.
Farmers grow certain foods because over the years consumers have spoken at the checkout line.
Farmers grow coffee, corn, cotton, oranges, and sugarcane.
Farmers grow corn, cotton, fruits, rice, and wheat.
Farmers grow crops in irrigated oases along rivers.
Farmers grow crops in the highland valleys and scattered oases.
Farmers grow crops that food comes from.
Farmers grow crops with such difficulty in the fields, and now nobody needs to eat.
Farmers grow dates, tomatoes, and other fruits and vegetables on irrigated land in northern Bahrain.
Farmers grow enough food.
Farmers grow food.
Farmers grow goods that are shipped all over the world.
Farmers grow grain crops mostly as openly marketed commodities.
Farmers grow hay, oats, barley, a little wheat and some potatoes.
Farmers grow hundreds of varieties of fruits, vegetables, and flowers and nursery crops.
Farmers grow it faster than anyone can eat it.
Farmers grow lettuce seeds.
Farmers grow one crop per year or per two years.
Farmers grow plants for their own use as well as selling to their friends and neighbors.
Farmers grow potatoes, cabbage and beets.
Farmers grow potatoes, grains and some garden vegetables.
Farmers grow rice for Thai people to eat.
Farmers grow rice in China.
Farmers grow rice in the rainy season.
Farmers grow rice.
Farmers grow seedlings.
Farmers grow seeds.
Farmers grow substance crops to feed their family as well as to sell for cash.
Farmers grow the corn for their animal's winter feed.
Farmers grow their crops on mounds built above the level of the floodwaters.
Farmers grow three or four crops a year of barley, millet, sesame, sorghum, and wheat.
Farmers grow traditional vegetables such as sweet potatoes and pumpkins.
Farmers grow two types of oats, spring oats and winter oats.
Farmers grow vegetables.
Farmers grow wheat, oats, and root crops in all parts of the county.
Farmers grow wheat.
Farmers growing alfalfa and wheat keep several pests at bay by planting resistant varieties.
Farmers growing medicinal plants for the company receive a fixed price for their crop.
Farmers growing soya often grow several varieties for the sake of diversity and flexible management.
Farmers handle certain pesticide.
Farmers handle livestock.
Farmers handle pesticide.
Farmers happen to be among the most technologically savvy people.
Farmers harvest it.
Farmers harvest melons.
Farmers harvest the beans, pull the levees and plant directly into the soybean stubble.
Farmers harvest the cotton crop every year, but the plants grow back and produce more cotton.
Farmers harvest the peanuts in the fall.
Farmers harvest the pods and branches for food and fiber.
Farmers harvest their crops.
Farmers harvest without regard for cleanliness.
Farmers hate gorse, because it takes over their fields.
Farmers hate it because it is such a nasty weed.
Farmers hate the loss.
Farmers hate when they eat there chickens.
Farmers have (part) arms.
Farmers have (part) body substances.
Farmers have (part) cell membranes.
Farmers have (part) cells.
Farmers have (part) corpi.
Farmers have (part) cytoplasm.
Farmers have (part) heads.
Farmers have (part) human bodies.
Farmers have (part) legs.
Farmers have (part) material bodies.
Farmers have (part) necks.
Farmers have (part) nuclei.
Farmers have (part) personality.
Farmers have (part) plasma membranes.
Farmers have (part) sections.
Farmers have (part) vacuoles.
Farmers have a chance to observe how other farmers are doing something.
Farmers have a dearth of options.
Farmers have a few pieces of wooden furniture and decorative pottery, gourds, or woven goods.
Farmers have a great deal at stake in keeping ammunition from the guns of animal rights groups.
Farmers have a greater uptake of the internet than their city counterparts.
Farmers have a guaranteed market and income for working capital.
Farmers have a higher than average rate of hearing loss.
Farmers have a lot at stake with respect to energy costs and our national energy policies.
Farmers have a lot of experience at turning problems into opportunities.
Farmers have a lot of grain to move as elevators make room.
Farmers have a lower incidence of cancer than does the general population.
Farmers have a major stake in the debate over global warming.
Farmers have a particularly acute sense of the idea of sustained yield management.
Farmers have a responsibility to provide agricultural products and to protect natural resources.
Farmers have a serious debt problem.
Farmers have a stronger understanding, probably due to the vast amount of resources available.
Farmers have a tough time getting away for vacations.
Farmers have a tremendous amount to gain by working with environmental groups on important issues.
Farmers have acres.
Farmers have actual knowledge.
Farmers have alternative ways to control the rice water weevil.
Farmers have alternatives.
Farmers have an important choice to make.
Farmers have an important contribution to make to further the research being done by academia.
Farmers have an important role to play in the conservation of monarch butterflies.
Farmers have an obligation to provide safe basic foods and to steward the soil, water, and air.
Farmers have another tool for making wise and profitable production decisions.
Farmers have been moved closer to selling-up as beef, pig and lamb prices plummet.
Farmers have big butts, hips and thighs and a narrow waist.
Farmers have break legs.
Farmers have businesses with small profit margins.
Farmers have considerable concerns about vehicles moving from Ireland to the United Kingdom.
Farmers have contact.
Farmers have cost.
Farmers have cows.
Farmers have different strategies.
Farmers have eight months to apply for loans to help cover part of their actual losses.
Farmers have employees.
Farmers have enormous economic incentive to waste as little as possible.
Farmers have every incentive to maximize production and no incentive to voluntarily reduce acreage.
Farmers have every reason to be concerned about competitive transportation.
Farmers have exposure.
Farmers have farms.
Farmers have few choices, livestock production being the only viable option for most.
Farmers have fewer buyers and suppliers than ever before.
Farmers have fields of crops that they grow and take care of.
Farmers have fields.
Farmers have generally good practices in human resources.
Farmers have heads.
Farmers have higher cancer rates than the rest of the population, and pesticides are suspected.
Farmers have ideas.
Farmers have impact.
Farmers have integrity.
Farmers have interest.
Farmers have knowledge.
Farmers have large farms.
Farmers have large investments in land, improvements and buildings which are subject to the tax.
Farmers have larger and denser populations.
Farmers have legs.
Farmers have lists.
Farmers have little choice at present when considering what to do with used silage wrap plastic.
Farmers have little impact.
Farmers have little to no control over setting the price for their products.
Farmers have lots of experience with co-ops.
Farmers have many options and alternatives as they try to adjust to higher energy costs.
Farmers have many tools at their disposal to combat unwanted turnover.
Farmers have millions of dollars invested in the system and deserve strong representation.
Farmers have much more difficulty passing on increased costs to the customer.
Farmers have neither the seeds to plant, nor the cash to buy seeds from local markets.
Farmers have neither the time or the money to invest in complex treatment systems.
Farmers have nine months to pay back the loans.
Farmers have no clout.
Farmers have no other business and they totally depend on agriculture.
Farmers have no shortage of questions to ask the risk management specialists.
Farmers have obligation.
Farmers have only temporary control over their land.
Farmers have operations.
Farmers have opportunities to adjust production systems to avoid paying higher energy bills.
Farmers have options.
Farmers have other options.
Farmers have plenty.
Farmers have problems.
Farmers have real needs now.
Farmers have responsibility.
Farmers have rights.
Farmers have sea cows.
Farmers have seeds.
Farmers have small farms.
Farmers have so much to consider.
Farmers have special rooms for taking the water out and letting the least amount of oxygen in.
Farmers have strategies.
Farmers have sweet green peppers in abundance.
Farmers have the duty of maintaining the post rota system.
Farmers have the highest rate of prostrate cancer.
Farmers have the option of using a favorable income-averaging formula for calculating their taxes.
Farmers have the option of using their actual production in order to establish a history.
Farmers have the responsibility to ensure their electrical systems are safe.
Farmers have the right to a second test or federal determination, if requested prior to unloading.
Farmers have the right to sell live animals to anyone.
Farmers have the soil fumigant methyl bromide to thank for such bountiful harvests.
Farmers have their advocates and allies, of course.
Farmers have their backs against the wall.
Farmers have their own lakes in the mountains and they go fishing, but mostly for recreation.
Farmers have to adopt it in order to remain competitive.
Farmers have to apply for approval every three years.
Farmers have to be more aggressive marketing the old crop than the new crop.
Farmers have to be thrilled, while employees of lawn and garden shops have to be deliriously happy.
Farmers have to buy new seeds each year.
Farmers have to buy new seeds every year, posing a serious problem for poor countries.
Farmers have to buy their grain.
Farmers have to consider their steps very carefully.
Farmers have to cope with more stress than the average worker.
Farmers have to destroy whole flocks of sheep, cattle and hogs.
Farmers have to do other things as well.
Farmers have to find out the logistical problems when they take our research into their fields.
Farmers have to go from tending their herds to training to survive in combat.
Farmers have to grow farm crops easy to yield added value.
Farmers have to have seeds which grow best in their type of system or environment.
Farmers have to know a lot about pigs to make a healthy pig diet.
Farmers have to know their limitations and distinguish the differences between wants and needs.
Farmers have to look out for apple snails and a leaf blight locally known as pocket rot.
Farmers have to make sacrifices in order to make a living.
Farmers have to meet some conditions to get their breaks.
Farmers have to pay for the vaccine.
Farmers have to pay to haul the material and for site work and material placement.
Farmers have to provide customers directly with a value-added product.
Farmers have to scout the fields daily and remove infected plants.
Farmers have to see or feel it to make an accident real.
Farmers have to sink or swim with far less federal help than before.
Farmers have to spend lots of money and energy protecting their crops from beetles.
Farmers have to spend more money on crop planting, gathering, processing and transportation.
Farmers have to stop about every eight acres to refill hoppers with fertilizer.
Farmers have to take ownership of the concept and drive the project.
Farmers have to think a lot further away than the neighbor next door.
Farmers have to use only about one-third of the pesticides they used in the past.
Farmers have to work through a distributor.
Farmers have to worry about fires and explosions from tanks being poorly resealed.
Farmers have training needs.
Farmers have trouble controlling it with even the strongest fungicides.
Farmers have virtually no access to loans.
Farmers have wide open areas on which they can practice woodchuck control by shooting.
Farmers hawk fresh meat and produce from wagons along the curb.
Farmers hawk their wares and supply many of the city s restaurant s and food mavens.
Farmers heap hay in stacks and bind corn in shocks against the biting breath of frost.
Farmers hedge the price of their crops against the price going down.
Farmers help cows.
Farmers help feed the hungry Despite the abundance of food, hunger remains a reality for many.
Farmers help the Bay by implementing soil conservation and water quality measures.
Farmers help the nations grow.
Farmers here are as excited as the rest of the town about the new telecenter.
Farmers here are proud of the animals they've bred.
Farmers here have a real appreciation for extension.
Farmers here produce world-famous sugar and pineapple.
Farmers hire workers and contract with consultants.
Farmers historically belong to two basic types of organizations.
Farmers holds the mortgage on the building.
Farmers ignore it.
Farmers improve conditions.
Farmers improve environmental conditions.
Farmers improve productivity.
Farmers improve quality.
Farmers improve survival.
Farmers improve the land for crops.
Farmers improve water quality.
Farmers incomes vs .
Farmers incur additional costs to distribute water supplies throughout their farms.
Farmers initially have to produce high quality cattle which are clean for slaughter.
Farmers initiate the contacts with the county agents by visiting the office or by telephone calls.
Farmers insist that their livelihoods are under threat as never before.
Farmers introduce types.
Farmers invest an enormous amount of time, labor and money into their operation.
Farmers irrigate much of the land here to ensure adequate watering.
Farmers join purely by choice.
Farmers judge the potential utility of each proposed project before it is funded.
Farmers just can t win.
Farmers just keep on farming.
Farmers keep animals.
Farmers keep cattle.
Farmers keep chickens.
Farmers keep cows.
Farmers keep detailed records and are subject to annual third-party inspections.
Farmers keep dogs.
Farmers keep house cats around for mouse control in barns.
Farmers keep livestock.
Farmers keep looking for a return on their inputs.
Farmers keep many different things in barns.
Farmers Keep movement on and off farms to an absolute minimum.
Farmers keep roosters.
Farmers keep striking with the chemical fumigant methyl bromide, but the nematodes keep coming back.
Farmers keep talking about high input costs.
Farmers keep their animals away from the path of humans.
Farmers keep their land.
Farmers kill aphids.
Farmers kill elephants whenever possible because they trample their crops and destroy villages.
Farmers kill rabbits to protect crops.
Farmers know and accept the fact that farming is an inherently risky business.
Farmers know certain plants.
Farmers know crop plants.
Farmers know each other, and they know their locale.
Farmers know exactly how much fertilizer and insecticide to drop.
Farmers know from centuries that more the crop is fertilised more it produces.
Farmers know full well that good soil is vital to growing good crops.
Farmers know how to put fat on their hogs, cows and poultry.
Farmers know more than staff.
Farmers know plant certain plants.
Farmers know plants.
Farmers know quality.
Farmers know that fires are strictly for-bidden.
Farmers know that hybridizing seed stock brings new vigor.
Farmers know that in waterlogged soils the bacteria are less productive.
Farmers know that it is impossible to milk a frightened cow.
Farmers know that many of their colleagues are going out of business in the next couple of years.
Farmers know that medications can never substitute for good farm management and husbandry practices.
Farmers know that productive hands are caring hands.
Farmers know that rotating crops is an effective strategy for controlling weeds.
Farmers know that they have to respond to consumer demand if they are to survive.
Farmers know that uncertainty comes with the territory.
Farmers know that.
Farmers know the future of their industry depends on the condition of the water resource.
Farmers know the hard work it takes to provide that abundance.
Farmers know the macroelements needed to make given crops grow.
Farmers know the truth.
Farmers know their ground.
Farmers know there are good years and bad years, based on weather and economic forces.
Farmers know watersheds are a saving grace to crop yields.
Farmers know whom to call when they're ready to plow under their fields.
Farmers lack information about the environmental impacts of pesticides and fertilizers they use.
Farmers lack the ability to influence pricing of their product enough to receive a profit.
Farmers learn and copy techniques from other farmers.
Farmers learn from farmers.
Farmers learn more quickly in small groups than in larger ones.
Farmers learn sustainable, environmentally sound agricultural techniques.
Farmers lie at the heart of any rural community worthy of the name.
Farmers lie disabled, grown men weep with pain, and a few victims die.
Farmers lie to provincial officials, who in turn lie to the central government in Tashkent.
Farmers like animals.
Farmers like cats.
Farmers like cattle.
Farmers like chickens.
Farmers like horses.
Farmers like to farm.
Farmers like to plant beside rivers, where water is abundant.
Farmers like to rotate rice and soybeans.
Farmers like to sell good fruit.
Farmers live in areas that can support farming, and everyone else is a forager.
Farmers live there, own the land and make similar decisions, which have relatively the same effects.
Farmers living in the valleys raise wheat, barley, maize, and cattle.
Farmers look at fields.
Farmers look for pest symptoms in rice tillers.
Farmers look on as the huge stage infrastructure comes up, in the midst of rolling farmland.
Farmers look to aquaculture as a means of economic stability through farm diversification.
Farmers look to the soil to provide the necessary nutrients to grow their crops.
Farmers lose crops and homeowners lose expensive landscape vegetation.
Farmers lose crops, the ski industry suffers and topsoil losses mount as wind whips up dry dirt.
Farmers lose income.
Farmers lose thousands of dollars of crops to deer, pronghorns and other graceful neighbors.
Farmers love spring, because it means more work.
Farmers love such soils, as they are perfect for cultivating some kinds of crops.
Farmers love to farm so much that they'll do it at a loss.
Farmers maintain productivity.
Farmers maintain small but well-mechanized farms.
Farmers maintains there is no ambiguity or provision in conflict with the exclusion.
Farmers make America great by merely being here.
Farmers make crops.
Farmers make decisions about how much product to market, when, and how.
Farmers make decisions in a risky, ever-changing environment.
Farmers make decisions.
Farmers make final decisions.
Farmers make moisture.
Farmers make more money from the market with a sustained, yet moderate, price increase.
Farmers make most of their equipment and land-management decisions immediately after fall harvest.
Farmers make no secret of feeling increasingly encumbered by government requirements.
Farmers make offers to sell.
Farmers make permanent homes that are similar to the aqal.
Farmers make planting decisions once a year.
Farmers make products.
Farmers make progress.
Farmers make significant progress.
Farmers make the output decision only once a year at planting time.
Farmers make their breeding schedules and submit their milk forecast to the creamery.
Farmers make up approximately one-third of Mexico's population.
Farmers make use of only a small part of the land suitable for agriculture in Ethiopia.
Farmers make wheat crops.
Farmers manage the country's genetic resources as the peoples' resource.
Farmers manage the land to secure as much of the crop plants' energy as possible.
Farmers manage their baby trials using their own inputs and equipment.
Farmers market a small part of their food crops.
Farmers market early.
Farmers markets plus previews of upcoming concerts, movies and theater.
Farmers meet for occasional market days, festivals, or at regional village towns.
Farmers minimize their use on chemical.
Farmers miss out on the opportunity to add value to production.
Farmers monitor weather patterns and check global market prices on the Internet.
Farmers mount satellite receivers on their tractors, combines, or trucks.
Farmers move to locations.
Farmers moving agricultural equipment have a particularly difficult task.
Farmers mow grass with horse-drawn scythes.
Farmers need education.
Farmers need regulations.
Farmers need to crops.
Farmers never make a lot of money.
Farmers never sell at higher prices, they hope and hold.
Farmers notice it, though.
Farmers now appeals, contending that the circuit court's ruling was in error.
Farmers now are aware about the merits of the system in stabilizing yields.
Farmers now are busy planting soybeans.
Farmers now fear going to their gardens.
Farmers now fish where they once raised crops.
Farmers now get a fixed payment that is declining each year.
Farmers now get higher prices for their crops and produce more.
Farmers now give pigs phytase supplements in their food, but it's expensive and difficult to store.
Farmers now have a legal document proving they own their land.
Farmers now have a longer window of opportunity.
Farmers now have a more precise tool at their disposal to control weeds.
Farmers now have the ability to plant according to the demands of the market.
Farmers now have to buy fertilizer.
Farmers now know how to use the limited arable land for multiple purposes.
Farmers now limit sunflower area, complaining of low prices and the lack of markets for sunflower.
Farmers now offers auto and homeowners insurance in Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Farmers now plant crops and retain profits on practically all land, and pay taxes on what they earn.
Farmers now rely on tourism and rural recreation for much of their income.
Farmers now shoulder the full cost of transporting their raw commodities to distant ports.
Farmers now spray for the entire season instead of just in the spring.
Farmers obtain a variety of products from agroforestry plots and home gardens.
Farmers occupy land or demonstrate demanding capital and technology to increase their productivity.
Farmers occupy legislature .
Farmers offer hens, turkeys, pigeons or piglets.
Farmers offer local flavors .
Farmers offer products.
Farmers offers the most comprehensive protection available.
Farmers only harvest for a short period of time the first few years to allow for further growth.
Farmers only receive a meagre income for their crops.
Farmers operate and maintain heavy-duty equipment and machinery.
Farmers operate the businesses of land ownership and farm production together and as one.
Farmers oppose squatter camp.
Farmers organize to close a factory whose polluted wastes are damaging crops.
Farmers own cattle.
Farmers own chickens.
Farmers own cows.
Farmers own horses.
Farmers own mammals.
Farmers own outright the buildings, livestock, and equipment.
Farmers own pigs.
Farmers own the land, and hope to be here to stay.
Farmers own the largest amount of timberland.
Farmers own their own land, while farm managers run farms for farm owners.
Farmers own turkeys.
Farmers participate in communities.
Farmers participate with their own boats, clothes, props, gongs and drums.
Farmers pass down property to their children only if they remain in the church.
Farmers pay a small handling fee for the food.
Farmers pay attention.
Farmers pay careful attention.
Farmers pay for much of the research themselves.
Farmers pay high prices for fertilizers and pesticides, but get low returns on their crops.
Farmers pay in during good years and get back revenues in poor years.
Farmers pay more for the new seeds, but they spend less on chemicals and fuel to work the fields.
Farmers pay more to harvest and dry their crops.
Farmers pay no fee to listen in, and have the opportunity to ask questions of the speakers.
Farmers pay their way and preserve open space.
Farmers persecute the orangutans they consider pests, shooting some.
Farmers physically work hard all day.
Farmers place house-sized netted cages on the forest floor, then add adult butterflies.
Farmers plan their markets when they order seeds.
Farmers plant fields.
Farmers plant numerous seeds of corn and cotton that have been enhanced through biotechnology.
Farmers plant the oats in early spring.
Farmers plant the seedlings on their worn-out pasture land.
Farmers play a vital role in North Dakota's success in wheat production.
Farmers plow and plant corn during the dry season when the soil is loose and easy to turn.
Farmers plow plots behind teams of water buffalo.
Farmers plow their own fields and stock up enough grain and water to last upto a year.
Farmers possess animals.
Farmers possess cattle.
Farmers possess chickens.
Farmers possess hens.
Farmers possess horses.
Farmers possess resources.
Farmers practice their own system of obtaining quality seeds.
Farmers pray for lots of rain while the city folk for a short tsuyu period.
Farmers prefer men and boys who can drive horses, but any help at all is appreciated.
Farmers prefer such services.
Farmers prepare diligently for annual tea competitions.
Farmers prepare the fields for planting.
Farmers prepare the soil by plowing it deeply and thoroughly.
Farmers pride themselves in producing high quality, healthy food products.
Farmers pride themselves on producing more sugar per acre than anywhere else in India.
Farmers primarily get their information from the private sector farm suppliers and consultants.
Farmers produce coffee crops.
Farmers produce crops.
Farmers produce dry beans, dairy products, poultry, cattle, wheat and corn.
Farmers produce enough food.
Farmers produce five or six flocks per year.
Farmers produce food to feed the country.
Farmers produce food to make it possible for everyone else to survive.
Farmers produce food, other business people process and market food.
Farmers produce food.
Farmers produce grain.
Farmers produce just enough to feed themselves and their families.
Farmers produce lettuce seeds.
Farmers produce more bushels of wheat in response to an increase in the price of wheat.
Farmers produce pork.
Farmers produce products.
Farmers produce seeds.
Farmers produce stone fruit crops.
Farmers produce sustainable food.
Farmers produce the raw material and then ship away the carcass or wheat.
Farmers produce vegetables.
Farmers producing for the local market see their livelihoods under threat from the latter policy.
Farmers promote growth.
Farmers protect their animals from severe weather and wild animals.
Farmers protest in Islamabad, calling for agricultural reforms.
Farmers provide an abundance of food products.
Farmers provide care.
Farmers provide habitat for birds in their irrigated fields.
Farmers provide large blocks of wood with holes of the perfect size to attract leaf-cutters.
Farmers provide many of our flying sites and deserve our support and consideration.
Farmers provide nests for owls on the perimeter of their property.
Farmers pull fruit samples from the trees in order to check the fruit's color and sugar level.
Farmers put slow moving vehicle signs on the back of their tractors, wagons, and combines.
Farmers quit cotton and went into the dairy business.
Farmers quit their plowing to wave as the health nurse passes by.
Farmers raise a variety of grain as well as cattle in the north.
Farmers raise animals.
Farmers raise buffaloes, cows, goats, hogs, horses, and poultry.
Farmers raise calves.
Farmers raise cattle for meat and for dairy products.
Farmers raise cattle, oxen, goats, and camels for food, export, and transport.
Farmers raise cauliflower, onions, wheat, potatoes, tomatoes, and grapes.
Farmers raise chickens for meat and eggs.
Farmers raise chickens.
Farmers raise chili peppers and pinto beans in the Southern Rockies.
Farmers raise corn, millet, sorghum, and other crops.
Farmers raise crops to sell on the market.
Farmers raise emes for their meat, feathers and hide.
Farmers raise horses.
Farmers raise livestock in the plains and in irrigated desert areas.
Farmers raise livestock, poultry, dairy cattle, small grains, corn and forage.
Farmers raise more hogs and they all come to market at the same time.
Farmers raise peanuts and rice on the plateaus.
Farmers raise pigs.
Farmers raise several open air flower growing in the stations.
Farmers raise such animals as cattle, sheep, goats, horses, pigs, and chickens.
Farmers raising herbivores is more energy efficient.
Farmers rally against GMOs .
Farmers rally against government's agriculture policy Berlin.
Farmers realize the importance of conserving water.
Farmers reap the same benefits as well as, where needed, irrigation for their crops.
Farmers rebel against high-handed railroad tactics.
Farmers receive a certain amount, depending on the markets, for each bushel or pound they sell.
Farmers receive a guaranteed income, spend less time marketing and know whom they are growing for.
Farmers receive about six dollars for a dozen oysters.
Farmers receive an annual rental payment for the term of the multi-year contract.
Farmers receive an annual rental payment for their participation.
Farmers receive benefits from the nutrients and organic matter supplied by biosolids.
Farmers receive brochures explaining the rules when they buy the biotech seed.
Farmers receive cash for the products they bring to the plants.
Farmers receive cash up front from their transition payment schedule, but at a discounted rate.
Farmers receive compensations for live stock that is killed by leopards and tigers.
Farmers receive cost-share dollars to develop water sources and correct fertility on pasture land.
Farmers receive fewer benefits and lower subsidies every year.
Farmers receive one price for fluid milk and other prices for milk used for manufacturing purposes.
Farmers receive other benefits from wetlands.
Farmers receive subsidies for rearing sheep on the basis of how many animals they own.
Farmers receive the same contract payment no matter which crops they plant.
Farmers recently use a larger amount of artificial fertilizers and agricultural chemicals.
Farmers recognize how much faster they can get in the field and plant.
Farmers recognize more than anyone that healthy growing environments define their future.
Farmers recognize the mystery of the cycle of life better than most.
Farmers reduce erosion.
Farmers refer to the devil's wind which swirls through the fields.
Farmers refuse to allow use of balers until compensation terms are agreed.
Farmers regard public support as crucial because they see public policy as a way out of their mess.
Farmers regularly disturb the soil surface in their programme of cultivation.
Farmers regularly fertilize with nitrogen to replace nutrients that crops take from the soil.
Farmers reject govt.
Farmers reject integrated weed management as long as they have some herbicides that work.
Farmers relate specific steps they took to launch livestock, grain and vegetable enterprises.
Farmers rely more and more on the external inputs.
Farmers rely on crop insurance as loan collateral for the farm loans they negotiate each year.
Farmers rely on each other for information.
Farmers rely on irrigation.
Farmers rely on many chemicals to keep equipment and buildings in good condition.
Farmers rely on pesticides to protect potato crops from a multitude of pests.
Farmers rely on plants.
Farmers rely on prices to alter their produciton habits.
Farmers rely on the ability to export.
Farmers rely on weather forecasts to decide what work to do on any particular day.
Farmers remain coy as to whether they made a profit at that price.
Farmers remain liable for property taxes on the land.
Farmers remove native vegetation and then plow the land to plant new seeds.
Farmers remove the crops before the minerals can be replaced in the soil.
Farmers remove their calves' testicles to reduce aggressiveness in male animals as they mature.
Farmers remove trash and debris from streams and provide gravel to provide spawning beds for fish.
Farmers replant it every year.
Farmers report city visitors afraid of touching crop plants for fear of pesticide poisoning.
Farmers report customers.
Farmers report heavier than usual consumption of feed by livestock during the recent cold spell.
Farmers report more strange happenings.
Farmers require a quota to raise meat chickens.
Farmers resist providing housing due to costs and regulations.
Farmers resource information also.
Farmers respect the workers rights.
Farmers respond to policy.
Farmers retain superior seed from apomictic varieties.
Farmers return to fallow fields.
Farmers return to fields.
Farmers rise up against the destruction of healthy livestock in England.
Farmers risk their health to use pesticides on crops.
Farmers routinely bribe police and counternarcotics eradication personnel to turn a blind eye.
Farmers routinely dump tons of rotting vegetables on the roads and trash government offices.
Farmers routinely feed animals the same types of antibiotics used by humans.
Farmers routinely stay up all night to help sows deliver piglets or to tend to newborn calves.
Farmers run into the consequences of economic concentration wherever they turn.
Farmers run the risk of being killed, injured, or having their land razed by Israeli forces.
Farmers run their own businesses, owning or renting land.
Farmers save money on fertilizer costs and protect water quality.
Farmers say agriculture is different from other industries.
Farmers say further demonstrations are planned.
Farmers say graders are paid from fees levied on the tobacco they grade.
Farmers say growing food is no longer profitable, and they say their future is in jeopardy.
Farmers say if the slaughter proceeds, they want a firm timetable for ending the ban.
Farmers say it goes to the whole issue of the right to farm.
Farmers say it is flawed and underfunded.
Farmers say it's no different than having hunters on their land.
Farmers say low yield estimates are likely on the mark.
Farmers say security restrictions have led to a steep rise in the price of rice.
Farmers say that the lack of fuel and fertiliser is badly affecting agriculture.
Farmers say that they look for better matches when they try new varieties.
Farmers say the cottonwood draws moisture from the fields.
Farmers say the cover crops survived a predicted heat wave last week.
Farmers say the geese tear up their crops.
Farmers say the only real relief is rain, and lots of it.
Farmers say the plantation companies took their land by force.
Farmers say the police are still searching for leaders of the protests.
Farmers say the products make their land more productive and have environmental benefits.
Farmers say the U.S.-sponsored program to kill drug crops causes health problems.
Farmers say their equipment gets vandalized.
Farmers say they are concerned, even frightened, by the proposal.
Farmers say they are reducing sediment run-off and chemical pollution.
Farmers say they are worried.
Farmers say they depend on migrant workers.
Farmers say they have already lost millions, and many communities have enacted water restrictions.
Farmers say they offer U-pick for a variety of reasons.
Farmers say they spend four hours on chores that normally take an hour.
Farmers say they tail-dock to prevent pigs biting each other's tails.
Farmers say they're being unfairly blamed for the nation's water woes.
Farmers say they're finding more fruit injured by springtime frost and hail.
Farmers see native plants.
Farmers see plants.
Farmers see that trend firsthand.
Farmers see the acute lack of young people willing to enter farming as a concern.
Farmers see themselves as a special case.
Farmers seem reluctant to change.
Farmers seem strangely unaware that they, too, are consumers.
Farmers seem to have long memories.
Farmers seize courts, government buildings, demanding lower taxes to ease foreclosures.
Farmers select crops according to the ecosystems in which they produce.
Farmers select plants with better yield, taste, and nutritional value.
Farmers sell pastures to buy horses.
Farmers sell their products directly to consumers through several outlets.
Farmers sell to whoever wants the produce at prices usually set by the buyer.
Farmers sell wheat, corn, and soybeans at country, rail, river, and port elevators.
Farmers send their children into nearby forests to grass the cattle.
Farmers send trucks to the camp to pick up the Japanese-American farm workers living there.
Farmers send water across their fields in little ditches between crop rows.
Farmers share and farmers care.
Farmers share equipment in Denmark.
Farmers share that access with national defense.
Farmers share with environmentalists a desire to contain sprawl.
Farmers ship crops to processing plants.
Farmers shows where to find the tool described in a farm narrative.
Farmers sign up for insurance prior to planting, but usually pay premiums after harvest.
Farmers simply are an endangered species.
Farmers simply select which offspring to breed, a straightforward process.
Farmers simply stand in their dying fields, almost like they did in the original game.
Farmers sink or swim on their own.
Farmers sit on the agriculture committee, teachers sit on the education committee.
Farmers smoke less and are more active than most people.
Farmers smoke less, drink less, and are more active than most other adults.
Farmers sow by their own initiative.
Farmers sow various seeds and supply water to their rice paddies.
Farmers speak best for farmers.
Farmers spend millions of dollars each year combating weeds in their fields.
Farmers spend their lives clearing the land to grow crops.
Farmers spray crops with pesticides and fertilisers which are washed into rivers and lakes.
Farmers spray the liquid three or four times after the rice plants have been transplanted.
Farmers spray the trees each week.
Farmers spray their crops.
Farmers stand ankle deep in rice water, weeding.
Farmers stand on the ploughs pulled by oxen.
Farmers start by testing the soil for nutrients.
Farmers stay on the same land and attempt to farm the land year after year.
Farmers steal and sell the milk nature meant for their calves.
Farmers stick together.
Farmers still collect large quantities of various wild edible plants from natural habitats.
Farmers still dig for peat here and several cottages had turf fires in their hearths.
Farmers still eke out a living growing rice.
Farmers still get to market by donkey.
Farmers still live out their days on farms overlooking acres of green-patched land.
Farmers still look at lupins as being a difficult crop to grow.
Farmers still plant by hand and use animal plows.
Farmers still ply fields with antique farm implements lugged by teams of oxen and horses.
Farmers still relish the lore of it all.
Farmers still think that they work harder than sheep herders.
Farmers still work long hours and are at the mercy of weather and markets.
Farmers still work the land.
Farmers store anhydrous ammonia as a liquid under pressure in large tanks in their fields.
Farmers store their grain in a SILO .
Farmers struggle under the burden of excessive taxes and regulation.
Farmers study data from field trials of new crop varieties.
Farmers submit written documentation which is review by an adjudicator.
Farmers suffer damage.
Farmers suffer extensive damage.
Farmers support the campaign.
Farmers support the use of biotechnology.
Farmers sustain billions of dollars in weather-related crop losses each year.
Farmers swear it wards off evil - evil insects, that is.
Farmers swear it wards off evil, evil insects that is.
Farmers tackling runoff usually seek to implement a plan which yields more production from a farm.
Farmers take a plot of dry ground and produce the foods that wind up on our kitchen tables.
Farmers take advantage of the grasses by grazing their cattle during a seven-month grazing period.
Farmers take fewer vacations than any other occupational group.
Farmers take major risks with every planting season.
Farmers take note, railroad locomotives make decent plows.
Farmers take on much more risk, due to the vagaries of the weather.
Farmers take precaution.
Farmers take pride.
Farmers take safety precaution.
Farmers take the deduction and plant again next year.
Farmers take the opportunity to sleep.
Farmers take time to support each other.
Farmers take to it as a means of livelihood in the absence of an alternative.
Farmers take training, build sheds, plant trees and grasses.
Farmers takes a specialist approach.
Farmers talk about 'infected herds'.
Farmers talk about it, migrant workers in cities talk about it.
Farmers talk about their crops and parents discuss their children's health without much prompting.
Farmers talk eagerly of independence in an Islamic state.
Farmers talk of nothing but fertilizer and women.
Farmers tell how they've learned to manage weeds more efficiently while caring for their soil.
Farmers tell of six-fold salary increases.
Farmers tend fields and thick clumps of bamboo dot the shoreline.
Farmers tend to be big fans of biotechnology.
Farmers tend to be conservative in all civilizations.
Farmers tend to be land rich but cash poor.
Farmers tend to be very resourceful.
Farmers tend to prefer meeting early in the morning.
Farmers tend to put their heads down and their butts up and keep right on working.
Farmers tend to spray chemicals to help the plants grow or kill weeds and usually spray too much.
Farmers tend to take it on the chin no matter what.
Farmers tend to think that raising the product is going to be their big problem.
Farmers tend to use several pesticides to get rid of caterpillars.
Farmers tend to view the current economic uncertainty as a storm to be weathered.
Farmers test the milk to make sure it is wholesome.
Farmers then allow their pigs into the rice paddies to eat the remnants of the rice harvest.
Farmers then begin to plow their fields for the main crop planting.
Farmers then plow more acres.
Farmers then sell crops to grain elevators and processors.
Farmers then use that herbicide to eradicate weeds in a field.
Farmers there are worried.
Farmers there encourage the owls by providing nest boxes.
Farmers think in terms of fields worth of food.
Farmers though have no use for chafing dishes.
Farmers thus can choose from a broader variety of herbicides to control weeds.
Farmers thus expose themselves, their families, their crops, and the environment to danger.
Farmers thus preserve prime trees to make furniture that are treasured as heirlooms.
Farmers to learn skills.
Farmers to make decisions.
Farmers to make difficult decisions.
Farmers to make inform decisions.
Farmers to produce milk.
Farmers to share information.
Farmers to use efficient techniques.
Farmers to use farm techniques.
Farmers to use methods.
Farmers to use new farm techniques.
Farmers to use new techniques.
Farmers to use pollination techniques.
Farmers to use sensitive methods.
Farmers to use soil conservation methods.
Farmers to use techniques.
Farmers toil away in the ever-present rice paddies.
Farmers too are keen to conserve the countryside in which they live and work.
Farmers trade any surplus crops for other important items, such as kerosene and salt.
Farmers traditionally apply herbicides to entire fields before planting or before weeds emerge.
Farmers traditionally apply nitrogen fertilizer in the fall based on the results of a soil test.
Farmers traditionally gather the harvest by the light of the Harvest Moon.
Farmers traditionally plant their fields using seeds saved from their previous year's crop.
Farmers traditionally save a portion of their harvest to plant for the following year.
Farmers trap thousands of monkeys yearly, and professional hunters account for many more.
Farmers treat mastitis with antibiotics.
Farmers treat potential problems.
Farmers treat problems.
Farmers try to diversify crops.
Farmers try to get the best yield and quality by selecting appropriate crop varieties.
Farmers try to keep up.
Farmers try to plant early because an early crop gives a higher price.
Farmers try to treat it with antibiotics.
Farmers trying to clear land quickly burn the vegetation to make way for crops.
Farmers turn the soil, such as it is, with iron-pronged hoes.
Farmers turn to meat and dairy production.
Farmers typically delay harvest to reduce grain moisture and save on drying costs.
Farmers typically grow their own food for their cattle.
Farmers typically raise the maximum amount of yield they can on their land.
Farmers typically rent the equipment necessary from the area farmer's cooperative.
Farmers typically slaughter infected animals and other animals exposed to infection.
Farmers typically use a variety of herbicides to control weeds in corn and soybeans.
Farmers understand a thing or two about chickens.
Farmers understand food is one of our first lines of national defense.
Farmers understand the value of CRC and they are willing to pay for it.
Farmers understand what to do.
Farmers understandably resist telling the government how much water they are pumping out.
Farmers use a hot tar compound to seal the wounds.
Farmers use a lot of fertilizer to make sure their crops grow well.
Farmers use a method known as terracing which is cutting flat plains into hillsides.
Farmers use a new technology when it increases profits.
Farmers use a variety of water-conserving technology to grow food and save water.
Farmers use bentonite to seal retention ponds.
Farmers use chemical fertilizer.
Farmers use chemical fertilizers to improve the soil .
Farmers use coconut palm fronds as a way to keep the moisture in the ground around the taro plants.
Farmers use combines to harvest their grain sorghum.
Farmers use compost for enhancing crops and for sod farms.
Farmers use computers for breeding, bookkeeping, and individual lifetime animal records.
Farmers use computers to feed their animals and monitor milk weights, fat content, etc.
Farmers use corn.
Farmers use cows to get milk to drink on the farm and also to sell.
Farmers use diesels in the field, there are diesel trucks, diesel buses and diesel trains.
Farmers use farming techniques which defy all the best wisdom of the care of the land.
Farmers use fences to keep out unwanted animals.
Farmers use fertilizer made from gas.
Farmers use fertilizer.
Farmers use genetic evaluations based on classification scores rather than research data.
Farmers use goats to give milk which can be made into milk to drink as well as cheese .
Farmers use herbicides to control weeds that choke food crops.
Farmers use hoes.
Farmers use horses to do work.
Farmers use ideas.
Farmers use insecticides to manage insect pests.
Farmers use intensive techniques.
Farmers use it a lot with animals.
Farmers use it as fertilizer because nitrates in the sludge replenish soils depleted by crops.
Farmers use it for bailer twine.
Farmers use it to help with potato plants.
Farmers use it to irragate crops.
Farmers use large amounts of fossil fuels.
Farmers use large quantities of anhydrous ammonia as a fertilizer.
Farmers use light.
Farmers use machines.
Farmers use many pieces of large and small equipment to take care of their farm.
Farmers use medications to help keep their animals healthy.
Farmers use metal tractors and combines to plant and harvest crops.
Farmers use millions of pounds of pesticides and millions of tons of fertilizers.
Farmers use much of the island for growing wheat and for grazing goats and sheep.
Farmers use mulch.
Farmers use natural fertilizer.
Farmers use natural pesticide.
Farmers use nitrate.
Farmers use of conservation practices, such as no-till planting, continues to increase.
Farmers use outlets and extension cords every day.
Farmers use paper bedding both from a centralized processing center and on-farm processing.
Farmers use personal computers to manage their finances.
Farmers use pesticide.
Farmers use pesticides to keep insects from eating crops.
Farmers use phosphate fertilizer.
Farmers use pickup trucks.
Farmers use pigeon pea as a multipurpose crop.
Farmers use planters to put seeds in even rows across the field.
Farmers use plastic as a covering to create a greenhouse.
Farmers use poison.
Farmers use propane to dry crops, brood chickens, power tractors, and warm greenhouses.
Farmers use pulleys to lift bales of hay and bags of grain.
Farmers use renewable technology.
Farmers use same ideas.
Farmers use satellite information on rainfall and crop conditions.
Farmers use seaweed as livestock feed or fertilizer.
Farmers use seeds.
Farmers use selective breeding to produce animals that are muscular and lean.
Farmers use soil, water, and sun to grow crops.
Farmers use techniques like planting trees near streams.
Farmers use techniques.
Farmers use technology.
Farmers use terrace, tunnel, and well methods to irrigate their land.
Farmers use the commodity markets for hedging commodities and hedging grains, to lock in prices.
Farmers use the company's products to improve crop yield and quality of crops.
Farmers use the drugs to spur faster growth and treat livestock diseases.
Farmers use the increased income according to their needs.
Farmers use the infrared photos of their fields to measure vegetation density and crop quality.
Farmers use the Internet to check market prices and keep an eye on the weather.
Farmers use the net to buy rather than just for information.
Farmers use the straight levy system now.
Farmers use the systemfor precision agriculture.
Farmers use their crops to keep the topsoil in place.
Farmers use their equipment to make work easier or to solve problems.
Farmers use their ITK while planting and lopping fodder trees.
Farmers use tillage techniques.
Farmers use tractors to prepare the land for planting and to pull many other farm implements.
Farmers use treatments.
Farmers use trucks.
Farmers use two or three bee hives per acre to help pollinate kiwifruit flowers.
Farmers use waste concrete to line ditches.
Farmers use wetlands as grazing areas or hay crops.
Farmers use working dogs on their farms to look out for mice and rats and herd sheep and cows.
Farmers using anhydrous ammonia for farming practices are also exempt from regulation.
Farmers using efficient irrigation techniques can apply less water and still produce high yields.
Farmers using organic techniques are a small minority in American agriculture.
Farmers using pesticides have an increase in profits.
Farmers using the crop can spray the pesticide onto the field without killing the crop.
Farmers utilize techniques.
Farmers vigorously defend their position.
Farmers vote every three years by referendum on continuation of their program.
Farmers wage a constant battle against the forces of nature.
Farmers walk barefoot on the ground to feel for the hard sprouts.
Farmers walk, keg toss, bucket holds, whatever.
Farmers waste thousands of pounds using the wrong product.
Farmers Watch the markets as they change, and know why.
Farmers watch thermometers intently, beginning about midnight.
Farmers wear hats.
Farmers wear straw hats.
Farmers win by earning a fair price for their hard work.
Farmers wonder if they can make a living from legal crops.
Farmers work around weather to overcome difficult season.
Farmers work at home.
Farmers work bent over in knee deep water and mud, from sun up to sun down.
Farmers work fields and backyard-gardeners plant vegetables and herbs.
Farmers work fields.
Farmers work hard to maintain that resource.
Farmers work hard to protect their livestock.
Farmers work in areas.
Farmers work long hard hours.
Farmers work paddy fields.
Farmers work sometimes around the clock to finish the harvest before the first frost.
Farmers work the fields but live in villages.
Farmers work the same plot of land year after year.
Farmers work the system.
Farmers work their butts off.
Farmers work together to create and follow best practices to eliminate comingling or drift.
Farmers work with chinese traders.
Farmers work with traders.
Farmers worldwide are essential to our livelihood.
Farmers worldwide have to produce more with ever decreasing profit margins.
Farmers worry about a clause allowing compulsory land acquisition without compensation.
Farmers worry about the risk of flooding.
Farmers worry they are being left out of the negotiations.
Farmers writing their own plans can ensure meaningful plans with a higher degree of implementation.
Farmers always build the barn first.
Farmers always complain of that.
Farmers always go first in such disasters.
Farmers always go through change.
Farmers always joke about city kids who think that milk comes from bottles.
Farmers frequently find pieces of mammoth tusk or other bone when they turn up their fields.
Farmers frequently suggest that other farmers are an important source of information about farming.
Farmers frequently use tractors for all types of logging work on farms.
Farmers often add waste substances to livestock and poultry feed.
Farmers often allow live fences to grow tall and serve as wind breaks to protect cropland.
Farmers often alternate strips of corn or soybeans with strips of hay.
Farmers often believe that insects are the main constraints to high yields.
Farmers often cite non-economic reasons for installing an anaerobic digester.
Farmers often dislike the clocks changing mid year.
Farmers often feed excessive levels of minerals hoping to improve reproductive performance.
Farmers often feed the grain to livestock or make the entire plant into silage.
Farmers often give their animals objects like tires to enrich their environment.
Farmers often grow alfalfa, clover, or bean plants in fields after they have grown a grain crop.
Farmers often have to clear their fields of big stones.
Farmers often have to make decisions for the next year before the year's crops are in.
Farmers often have to use chemical insecticides to save their plants.
Farmers often keep high pregnant ewes, ewes with young lambs and winterlambs at the same time.
Farmers often kill elephants because they trample their crops and destroy villages.
Farmers often leave crop residue on the surface to cover the ground between growing seasons.
Farmers often notice snipped off heads and leaf feeding in combination.
Farmers often own equipment and other assets specific to row-crop production.
Farmers often plan their production and harvesting around the needs of their customers.
Farmers often practice crop rotation to help enrich agricultural fields.
Farmers often prefer another crop of higher value and with less itch, if the environment allows.
Farmers often refer to perennial pepperweed as tall whitetop.
Farmers often rely on using an assortment of chemical inputs to control pests.
Farmers often remain on one plot of land for decades.
Farmers often remove the lower leaves to speed up harvesting.
Farmers often rent colonies of bees to pollinate their crops.
Farmers often resort to their senses and simple thermometers to determine status of the crop.
Farmers often say that the best way to protect farmland is to ensure that farming is profitable.
Farmers often stockpile the litter in the fall and apply it to their fields in spring.
Farmers often travel as much as a hundred miles to get to a meeting.
Farmers often use benchmarks to track corn development and time various management operations.
Farmers often use fertilisers to boost the productivity of the land.
Farmers often use it for shade.
Farmers often use tractors in cultivating their crops.
Farmers sometimes add byproducts of mild chiles to chickenfeed to make yolks a brighter yellow.
Farmers sometimes build near a water source, so when it floods their good rich soil is washed away.
Farmers sometimes fail to add in the cost of their labor, and cleaning time is often significant.
Farmers sometimes get food to stock by snow raking which can be hard work.
Farmers sometimes make large silt traps to harvest soil.
Farmers sometimes sow I. edulis seed directly in the field.
Farmers sometimes start their tractors early in the morning.
Farmers sometimes try to kill leopards and tigers that visit their farm.
Farmers sometimes use pyres to destroy the bodies of dead animals .
Farmers sometimes use pyres to destroy the bodies of dead animals.
Farmers usually graze their cattle and sheep for a few days in one area, then move on to another.
Farmers usually grow rice, tea, and tobacco.
Farmers usually learn to cope with new regulations through innovative adjustments.
Farmers usually like to live in a private home near the fields where they work.
Farmers usually operate chains and tractors to pull out equipment that has become stuck.
Farmers usually pay a fee for the space occupied to cover maintenance and advertising.
Farmers usually specialize in one type of crop or animal, though some raise both.
Farmers usually store liquid manure in pits, slurry storage tanks or lagoons.
Farmers usually take that into consideration when selecting their seeding rates.
All farmers add nutrients to the soil.
All farmers are economic man to maximize profit.
All farmers are equally important.
All farmers have unique values to our history.
All farmers know all grass is flesh of some kind and all flesh is grass, eventually.
All farmers know how seeds grow and all farmers have input to enhance the growth of said seed.
All farmers live together in the farmhouse.
All farmers take the safety of their products seriously.
All farmers weather many storms each growing season.
Any farmer can benefit in the short term from spraying.
Any farmer can do the same thing.
Any farmer knows that.
Any farmer trying to save seed for next year needs to think again.
Every farmer approaches work in the fallow fields differently.
Every farmer does for jackrabbits and deer hunting.
Every farmer fears the worst and terrified of finding the disease amongst their animals.
Every farmer gets the same price for each grade.
Every farmer has a responsibility to ensure that their livestock are clean at slaughter.
Every farmer has a right under the Animal Health Act to have animals valued before being killed.
Every farmer has a tlirashing-mill, and the use of the flail is discontinued.
Every farmer has stories about being hauled out or burned up.
Every farmer is a stock raiser.
Every farmer knows that certain pests can invade their crops from surrounding habitats.
Every farmer knows that some parts of a field yield better than others.
Every farmer knows that the harvest is the busiest season of the year.
Every farmer knows the value of protection.
Every farmer likes to go in and see a pen of very uniform animals.
Every farmer needs to make a profit in order to continue farming.
Every farmer says the smooth ride in the field is a real benefit.
Every farmer worries about plant diseases, natural disasters like hail and high winds.
Many farmers add an ingredient called dried whey for protein and sugar.
Many farmers already produce biomass energy by growing corn to make ethanol.
Many farmers also have gardens located some distance away and accessible only by foot.
Many farmers also have livestock.
Many farmers also prefer to freshen their cows in the cooler seasons.
Many farmers apply nitrogen as fertilizers or manures to their crops.
Many farmers apply nitrogen during the fall and spring rather than during the growing season.
Many farmers appreciate the benefits of marketing quality-assured produce.
Many farmers are also dependent upon some other income besides what they can make on the farm.
Many farmers are are unable, and often unwilling, to forget.
Many farmers are bewildered when they try to decide which variety of canola to grow.
Many farmers are concerned about the environmental impacts of their farming operations.
Many farmers are delighted.
Many farmers are in the planning and planting mode right now.
Many farmers are on the bubble as far as their ability to make a living is concerned.
Many farmers are pleasantly surprised on how fast their corn is drying down.
Many farmers are simply unable to obtain a reasonable price for their product.
Many farmers are subsistence farmers although there are also some large agricultural companies.
Many farmers are subsistence farmers.
Many farmers are surprised what can be grown here.
Many farmers are suspicious of the commodities markets and worried about their own skill in trading.
Many farmers are tired of the frustration inherent in recalibrating drills when switching varieties.
Many farmers are too weak from hunger to harvest crops or plant seeds.
Many farmers are too weary to wait.
Many farmers are up to the limit on their overdrafts.
Many farmers believe Midwestern dairy are unfairly treated under the compact.
Many farmers believe that badgers are responsible for spreading the disease.
Many farmers believe that inadequate and misdirected research is happening in New Zealand.
Many farmers believe that tillage also helps reduce disease problems.
Many farmers believe that visual estimation is as good as anything.
Many farmers blame the North American Free Trade Agreement for the increase in imports.
Many farmers burn the straw and cause air pollution all around the world.
Many farmers call it mintweed.
Many farmers can afford bicycles, motorcycles, refrigerators, radios, and television sets.
Many farmers carry inventory over into the next year.
Many farmers choose to cut the front legs off the live lamb whilst still in the womb .
Many farmers complain about how stemmy orchardgrass hay can be in a mixed stand with alfalfa.
Many farmers consider hog production a savings bank.
Many farmers consider the best time to spread manure is whenever the spreader is full.
Many farmers consider the cheetah to be a major threat to their livestock.
Many farmers continue to no-till soybeans but have returned to tillage for corn.
Many farmers control the corn rootworm through crop rotations.
Many farmers cultivate twice a year after the ridges are established.
Many farmers depend on supplementary non-farm income.
Many farmers depend upon public finance to survive.
Many farmers discontinue farming because of the increases.
Many farmers do it with little or no return on their investment.
Many farmers donate fresh produce in the summer.
Many farmers drive truckloads of fresh produce to one or two markets a week.
Many farmers fail to benefit from technological and other advances.
Many farmers falsely believe there s a yield gap with resistant varieties.
Many farmers favour a coating of tail paint across the udder as an effective marker.
Many farmers fear a consumer backlash.
Many farmers feed their cows in a feedlot arrangement.
Many farmers feed velveting stags exotic energy sources or expensive protein.
Many farmers feel the same way.
Many farmers find that switching to grass-based dairying improves herd health.
Many farmers generate only a part-time income from farming.
Many farmers get some seed of a few promising hybrids in their area and set up their own tests.
Many farmers give alcohol to hypothermic calves in an effort to speed recovery.
Many farmers give their lambs names at birth, just as pet owners do.
Many farmers grow barley, grapefruits, grapes, olives, lemons, oranges, potatoes.
Many farmers grow enough for their own consumption in their own gardens.
Many farmers harvest rice.
Many farmers have a section of woodland with a preponderance of chestnut trees.
Many farmers have acres under irrigation.
Many farmers have fields abutting watercourses that are permanent or rough pasture.
Many farmers have multiple, smaller tanks of propane for various uses at a site.
Many farmers have no desire to get out of the tobacco-growing business.
Many farmers have no interest in improving production from their goats.
Many farmers have ramps and fiddlehead ferns and the supply of greens is growing every week.
Many farmers have their own grain-handling and storage systems.
Many farmers keep beehives on their farms to ensure the pollination of their crops.
Many farmers keep potatoes in the same way.
Many farmers like to control the perennial weeds before they plant their pulse crops.
Many farmers like to look at data as they make buying decisions for the next growing season.
Many farmers live in villages around the volcano.
Many farmers look upon their farm as their means for retirement security.
Many farmers look upon their farm assets as their means for retirement security.
Many farmers make use of the nitrogen-fixing bacteria in legumes to enrich their fields.
Many farmers manage the land surrounding their fields for timber.
Many farmers neglect to calibrate their alfalfa seeder as they begin seeding in the spring.
Many farmers now choose to sell wool directly to private buyers and end-users.
Many farmers now employ management practices that encourage the presence of waterfowl on their land.
Many farmers now raise only pigs, poultry or horses, or produce eggs exclusively.
Many farmers now run their farms at subsistence level.
Many farmers obtain their outlook information from various sources.
Many farmers operate on a cash accounting basis.
Many farmers operate their own trucks in order to carry goods to rail, barge, or market terminals.
Many farmers overlook the nutrient value of their livestock manure and poultry litter.
Many farmers overlook the nutrient value of their livestock manure.
Many farmers perserve and build wetlands around their farms to help keep our water clean.
Many farmers plant wheat only because it's a good rotational crop for sugarbeets.
Many farmers prefer to have good weed control beginning when the crop is planted.
Many farmers prefer to only work with the institutions that they have dealt with in the past.
Many farmers produce crops year-round with irrigation systems.
Many farmers produce dairy products.
Many farmers provide housing for their workers.
Many farmers provide no on-site housing.
Many farmers provide their workers with schools and all offer basic healthcare.
Many farmers put erosion prone areas into permanent cover.
Many farmers quit, joining the nomads already living in the outback.
Many farmers raise cows and pigs.
Many farmers raise hogs under contract.
Many farmers raising livestock grow it as winter feed.
Many farmers realize fertilization increases crop yield and quality.
Many farmers regard that as excessive.
Many farmers rely on groundwater for drinking water, for watering stock and for irrigation.
Many farmers report heavy discounts on test weight.
Many farmers report that barns and silos are nearly full following second cutting.
Many farmers report that barns are full following second cutting.
Many farmers rinse out the sludge and pump it into canals that lead to the sea.
Many farmers run operations consisting of multiple small parcels.
Many farmers say it's worth the risk.
Many farmers say that contributed to a price-depressing grain glut.
Many farmers say the high costs associated with the oilseed are serving as a detraction.
Many farmers say the issue has caused a rift in the farming community.
Many farmers say they have no marketing plan.
Many farmers say they typically sell grain without a contract.
Many farmers see losing the farm as failing both previous and future generations of their family.
Many farmers see soybeans as a helpful part of their crop rotation plans.
Many farmers see the defeat of the proposal as a green light for that trend to continue.
Many farmers see the tank spreader as a culprit when it comes to soil compaction.
Many farmers see themselves as custodians of the land.
Many farmers sell directly to the elevators on the cash market.
Many farmers sell to a middleperson who buys their crops in bulk.
Many farmers sell vegetables at a farmers market or a roadside stand.
Many farmers simply chop up the remaining straw and plow it under for the next year's crop.
Many farmers spread manure on their fields.
Many farmers spread poultry litter on their own farms, as well as custom spreading for neighbors.
Many farmers sprinkle the magnesium oxide on the hay.
Many farmers still oppose the policy.
Many farmers store grain because they believe they can do better than selling at harvest time.
Many farmers store temporarily while bulking up enough for sale.
Many farmers supplement grass feed with hay and silage, particularly in winter.
Many farmers supplement their income with part-time jobs in nearby towns and cities.
Many farmers support it with the mistaken idea that it defends family farming interests.
Many farmers swear that the stuff kills all sorts of worms in their critters.
Many farmers then go out of business, or they stop growing coffee to grow something else instead.
Many farmers try to maximize price before they have implemented strategies to cover all costs.
Many farmers underestimate the danger associated with such areas.
Many farmers use crop rotations to help in weed control, which decrease pesticide use.
Many farmers use former wetlands that, though now drained, continue to have wetland soils.
Many farmers use growing methods that are safer for the environment and human health.
Many farmers use income from the woodlots to help pay their taxes each year.
Many farmers use irrigation systems to spray salt water over the oysters.
Many farmers use ladybugs as pest control.
Many farmers use pesticides.
Many farmers use straw and stubble as a mulch.
Many farmers use the high-protein feed to mix with other feeds because they can get it at less cost.
Many farmers use the straw from oats as bedding for their livestock.
Many farmers value it as much for soil protection as for shade.
Many farmers view their relationship with natural resources as one of stewardship.
More farmers now have Internet-capable computers.
Most farmers accept explanations.
Most farmers add compost.
Most farmers add fertilizer.
Most farmers add some form of synthetic fertilizer to their fields every year.
Most farmers adopt new techniques.
Most farmers adopt techniques.
Most farmers also have at least some real estate debt.
Most farmers also keep a few pigs and chickens.
Most farmers also raise cattle, goats, sheep, and chickens.
Most farmers apply plenty of nitrogen fertilizer.
Most farmers appreciate being able to make their own decisions on which crops to plant each year.
Most farmers are accustomed to making production plans based on what has worked in the past.
Most farmers are aware of the hazards of entering a silo soon after filling stops.
Most farmers are aware of their infected plants and many insist that they do avoid passive spread.
Most farmers are busy scouting for and administering pest control on all crops.
Most farmers are busy with spring bookings of seed, chemicals, and fertilizers.
Most farmers are concerned about the effects of weeds on crop yields.
Most farmers are familiar with the telltale pattern of a failing SMV emblem.
Most farmers are good at tactics and operations.
Most farmers are happy to give manure away.
Most farmers are happy to provide drinking water.
Most farmers are independent producers who contract for feed, pullets, and other inputs.
Most farmers are keen to return to normal farming but they face many obstacles.
Most farmers are opposed but a splinter group wants a compromise.
Most farmers are perturb by the population of fruit flies in their wax apple plantation.
Most farmers are poor, with small landholdings.
Most farmers are small landowners.
Most farmers are strip tilling, using hooded sprayers and never cultivating the cotton.
Most farmers are subsistence farmers.
Most farmers are too poor for mechanization.
Most farmers are unable to identify the disease, and most treatments fail.
Most farmers are unaware of the degree of their hearing loss.
Most farmers avoid prisons.
Most farmers barely break even.
Most farmers believe that corn grows best when the nights are hot.
Most farmers benefit from ecosystem services.
Most farmers benefit from experience.
Most farmers benefit from have experience.
Most farmers benefit from services.
Most farmers bring crops.
Most farmers bring vegetables.
Most farmers burn their crop residues prior to cultivation.
Most farmers buy hens.
Most farmers buy products.
Most farmers can successfully push up their debt load only as long as interest rates remain low.
Most farmers care for animals.
Most farmers carry heavy debt.
Most farmers choose options.
Most farmers claim damage.
Most farmers consider cost.
Most farmers consider livestock.
Most farmers consider nuisances.
Most farmers continue to scout pests and implement controls, especially in cotton and soybeans.
Most farmers continue to scout pests and implement controls, especially in cotton fields.
Most farmers contract with processors who have buyers and markets for processed hemp.
Most farmers control chickens.
Most farmers control seeds.
Most farmers control sheep.
Most farmers deplete the supply of natural gas and petroleum to make fertilizers and pesticides.
Most farmers develop methods.
Most farmers do know if they are using oil or water-based pesticides.
Most farmers drink milk.
Most farmers drive horses.
Most farmers eliminate the straw by burning it.
Most farmers eliminate the straw by burning.
Most farmers encounter animals.
Most farmers engage in production.
Most farmers enjoy the independence and potential rewards they themselves have worked to generate.
Most farmers enter markets.
Most farmers experience crops.
Most farmers express thoughts.
Most farmers face issues.
Most farmers face problems.
Most farmers face tough issues.
Most farmers feed animals.
Most farmers feed cattle.
Most farmers feed chickens.
Most farmers feed cows.
Most farmers feed mammals.
Most farmers find it convenient to apply some each year depending upon usage.
Most farmers find methods.
Most farmers find technology.
Most farmers focus on strategies.
Most farmers get crops.
Most farmers get goods.
Most farmers get no aid.
Most farmers get results.
Most farmers get rights.
Most farmers give animals antibiotics when they are ill.
Most farmers give their cows additional feed in the bails.
Most farmers go to towns.
Most farmers grow a portion of the feed for their animals.
Most farmers grow enough food.
Most farmers grow food.
Most farmers grow grapes to make award winning New York State wines.
Most farmers grow lettuce seeds.
Most farmers grow only enough food crops for their own use.
Most farmers grow seedlings.
Most farmers grow seeds.
Most farmers grow vegetables.
Most farmers grow wheat.
Most farmers handle certain pesticide.
Most farmers handle livestock.
Most farmers handle pesticide.
Most farmers harvest forages mechanically.
Most farmers have a high school level education or less.
Most farmers have a standard set of diets for their farms.
Most farmers have acres.
Most farmers have actual knowledge.
Most farmers have alternatives.
Most farmers have contact.
Most farmers have cows.
Most farmers have different strategies.
Most farmers have employees.
Most farmers have exposure.
Most farmers have farms.
Most farmers have fields.
Most farmers have heads.
Most farmers have ideas.
Most farmers have impact.
Most farmers have interest.
Most farmers have knowledge.
Most farmers have land that has been in production for many years.
Most farmers have large farms.
Most farmers have legs.
Most farmers have lists.
Most farmers have little impact.
Most farmers have low income and poor access to credit, inputs, and modern technologies.
Most farmers have obligation.
Most farmers have older, narrow-front tractors they use for chores.
Most farmers have one or more cats.
Most farmers have operations.
Most farmers have options.
Most farmers have other options.
Most farmers have plenty.
Most farmers have problems.
Most farmers have responsibility.
Most farmers have rights.
Most farmers have sea cows.
Most farmers have seeds.
Most farmers have small farms.
Most farmers have strategies.
Most farmers help cows.
Most farmers hold timber as investment property.
Most farmers ignore the symptoms because they are so similar to a common summer cold.
Most farmers improve conditions.
Most farmers improve environmental conditions.
Most farmers improve productivity.
Most farmers improve quality.
Most farmers improve survival.
Most farmers improve water quality.
Most farmers introduce types.
Most farmers keep animals.
Most farmers keep cattle.
Most farmers keep chickens.
Most farmers keep cows.
Most farmers keep dogs.
Most farmers keep livestock.
Most farmers keep records of the amount and quality of milk produced by each cow.
Most farmers keep roosters.
Most farmers kill aphids.
Most farmers know certain plants.
Most farmers know crop plants.
Most farmers know plant certain plants.
Most farmers know plants.
Most farmers know quality.
Most farmers know that drainage pays.
Most farmers lack the management skills to fully implement such a system with out advice.
Most farmers like to see their fields covered with residue to minimize erosion.
Most farmers look at fields.
Most farmers maintain productivity.
Most farmers make crops.
Most farmers make decisions.
Most farmers make final decisions.
Most farmers make moisture.
Most farmers make products.
Most farmers make progress.
Most farmers make significant progress.
Most farmers make wheat crops.
Most farmers move to locations.
Most farmers now own computers for financial records.
Most farmers object to the price of nets, and refuse to net their trees.
Most farmers offer products.
Most farmers only offer lettuce for a few weeks during spring.
Most farmers only take cash.
Most farmers operate under very intense financial constraints.
Most farmers own cattle.
Most farmers own chickens.
Most farmers own cows.
Most farmers own horses.
Most farmers own little land and most of their holdings are in equipment.
Most farmers own mammals.
Most farmers own pigs.
Most farmers own small plots of land.
Most farmers own turkeys.
Most farmers participate in communities.
Most farmers pay attention.
Most farmers pay careful attention.
Most farmers plant certified seed.
Most farmers possess animals.
Most farmers possess cattle.
Most farmers possess chickens.
Most farmers possess hens.
Most farmers possess horses.
Most farmers possess resources.
Most farmers practice organic cultivation and natural living.
Most farmers prefer production to marketing.
Most farmers prefer to lower their risks.
Most farmers produce coffee crops.
Most farmers produce crops.
Most farmers produce enough food.
Most farmers produce food.
Most farmers produce grain.
Most farmers produce lettuce seeds.
Most farmers produce pork.
Most farmers produce products.
Most farmers produce seeds.
Most farmers produce stone fruit crops.
Most farmers produce sustainable food.
Most farmers produce vegetables.
Most farmers promote growth.
Most farmers provide care.
Most farmers provide water to calves at the same time they begin feeding calf starter.
Most farmers raise animals.
Most farmers raise calves.
Most farmers raise chickens.
Most farmers raise horses.
Most farmers raise livestock because they like working with animals.
Most farmers raise pigs.
Most farmers raise sheep for wool, meat, and skins, and cattle for dairy products.
Most farmers receive a paltry amount each year in support payments of any kind.
Most farmers receive federal subsidies.
Most farmers reduce erosion.
Most farmers rely on irrigation.
Most farmers rely on plants.
Most farmers report customers.
Most farmers report on a calendar-year basis, for a number of reasons.
Most farmers respond to policy.
Most farmers return to fallow fields.
Most farmers return to fields.
MOst farmers run sheep and some cattle.
Most farmers see native plants.
Most farmers see plants.
Most farmers sell standing timber for a lump sum.
Most farmers sell their field crops at cash markets, while some use future markets.
Most farmers simply use shovels, broomsticks, pipe or sticks to guide pigs around.
Most farmers spend the winter months anticipating the spring planting season.
Most farmers spend their lives praying for rain.
Most farmers stay home during the rainy season.
Most farmers still aspire to be masterful and lack a language through which to articulate loss.
Most farmers still keep horses and some breed horses exclusively, often keeping hundreds at a time.
Most farmers still live on the income generated mainly from rice and a number of other crops.
Most farmers still use kerosene lamps and burn wood for fuel, which exacerbates pollution.
Most farmers strongly disagree.
Most farmers suffer damage.
Most farmers suffer extensive damage.
Most farmers take precaution.
Most farmers take pride.
Most farmers take safety precaution.
Most farmers track pests with records and many map their fields for weed and pest problems.
Most farmers treat potential problems.
Most farmers treat problems.
Most farmers turn their fields with a pickax and shovel.
Most farmers use a combination of terraces and contour plowing.
Most farmers use advanced planning, identify weed targets, and use herbicides to reduce losses.
Most farmers use air seeders when they plant no-till fields.
Most farmers use borrowed funds to cover only a small percentage of their expenses.
Most farmers use chemical fertilizer.
Most farmers use chemicals to kill bugs and grow crops.
Most farmers use corn or soybean meal as the main ingredient in a pig diet.
Most farmers use corn.
Most farmers use fertilizer.
Most farmers use hand labor to do all their work.
Most farmers use hoes.
Most farmers use ideas.
Most farmers use intensive techniques.
Most farmers use light.
Most farmers use machines.
Most farmers use mulch.
Most farmers use natural fertilizer.
Most farmers use natural pesticide.
Most farmers use nitrate.
Most farmers use pesticide.
Most farmers use pesticides to increase crop yields and values.
Most farmers use phosphate fertilizer.
Most farmers use pickup trucks.
Most farmers use poison.
Most farmers use renewable technology.
Most farmers use same ideas.
Most farmers use seeds.
Most farmers use techniques.
Most farmers use technology.
Most farmers use the cash method because they find it easier to keep cash method records.
Most farmers use tillage techniques.
Most farmers use traditional, very inefficient, methods of irrigation.
Most farmers use treatments.
Most farmers use trucks.
Most farmers utilize techniques.
Most farmers wear hats.
Most farmers wear straw hats.
Most farmers work fields.
Most farmers work in areas.
Most farmers work paddy fields.
Most farmers work with chinese traders.
Most farmers work with traders.
Some farmers acquire input.
Some farmers acquire opportunity.
Some farmers actually collect the methane from fermenting animal and farm wastes.
Some Farmers actually place their orders from the combines while reading their yield monitors.
Some farmers add vitamins.
Some farmers address newcomers.
Some farmers also breed registered draft stock.
Some farmers also breed sheep, horses, turkeys, geese.
Some farmers also change shank arrangement.
Some farmers also consider the fruit-eaters to be agricultural pests.
Some farmers also grow corn, primarily for silage.
Some farmers also keep a few animals such as cattle and goats, and many raise poultry.
Some farmers also let their sheep and cattle graze in the forests in the summers.
Some farmers also own cattle and hogs.
Some farmers also raise animals to be used for meat , milk , eggs or other things .
Some farmers also raise animals to be used for meat, milk, eggs or other things.
Some farmers also raise sheep, goats, and camels.
Some farmers also use chemical fertilizers and pesticides to yield bigger crops with fewer losses.
Some farmers also use mulching as a method of burial.
Some farmers apply ground neem paste to the inside of the earthen containers for grain storage.
Some farmers are able to manage their business and provide that kind of cash-flow protection.
Some farmers are all through.
Some farmers are close to hanging it up because of deer damage.
Some farmers are hesitant to plant until the ground receives some moisture.
Some farmers are in much deeper, financially, than others.
Some farmers are now angrier than ever at the industry.
Some farmers are opposed to the slaughtering policy.
Some farmers are ready to cash in for retirement.
Some farmers are resistant to new ideas.
Some farmers are resistant to the idea of a trail, forcing the biker and hiker traffic onto a road.
Some farmers are so remote that their dial-up Internet connection uses a long distance number.
Some farmers are under the impression that improved fallows take three years to mature.
Some farmers are under the mistaken belief that possessing banned pesticides is illegal.
Some farmers are very successful, some less so.
Some farmers are well into second cutting of alfalfa.
Some farmers are worried they'll be hurt by a recent wave of consolidation in the grain industry.
Some farmers assess roles.
Some farmers believe repeated mowing can suppress perennial pepperweed.
Some farmers break holdings into trusts for relatives eligible for cheaper water.
Some farmers breed cattle, along with a few sheep, goats, ducks, geese, and turkeys.
Some farmers butcher their stock along side the road and hang the carcasses for passers-by to see.
Some farmers buy animals.
Some farmers buy chicks.
Some farmers buy cows.
Some farmers buy fish.
Some farmers buy geese.
Some farmers buy goats.
Some farmers buy pigs.
Some farmers buy ponies.
Some farmers buy roosters.
Some farmers buy sheep.
Some farmers can afford a truck.
Some farmers can afford to take a lot of price risk.
Some farmers can make far more profitable decisions with that information.
Some farmers carry chickens.
Some farmers carry farmyard manure.
Some farmers carry manure.
Some farmers choose to seed rye as a cover crop.
Some farmers claim that tobacco and vegetable yields are doubled in rotating with the black wattle.
Some farmers collect and spread manure daily or weekly.
Some farmers collect manure.
Some farmers collect the manure generated in their barns and spread it on their fields.
Some farmers consider farmland.
Some farmers consider members.
Some farmers consider potential.
Some farmers control animals.
Some farmers control bees.
Some farmers control cattle.
Some farmers control cows.
Some farmers control dogs.
Some farmers control eggs.
Some farmers control food.
Some farmers control foxes.
Some farmers control goats.
Some farmers control horses.
Some farmers control meals.
Some farmers control ponies.
Some farmers control roosters.
Some farmers control salmon.
Some farmers control something.
Some farmers control squirrels.
Some farmers control turkeys.
Some farmers devise methods.
Some farmers devise other methods.
Some farmers die from exposure.
Some farmers die over few years.
Some farmers die over years.
Some farmers do it because they feel that it is cheaper to farm organic.
Some farmers do jobs.
Some farmers do see the agricultural preservation program as a way to fight growth.
Some farmers dont want to get heavily involved with commodity trading.
Some farmers drive animals.
Some farmers drive chickens.
Some farmers drive pigs.
Some farmers dry it and use it as a bedding source similar to sawdust.
Some farmers eat grasshoppers.
Some farmers eat moths.
Some farmers encounter problems.
Some farmers encounter same problems.
Some farmers enter industries.
Some farmers entertain their pigs with beach balls and old tires.
Some farmers escape damage.
Some farmers escape serious damage.
Some farmers establish orchards.
Some farmers even get their animals involved and offer petting zoos.
Some farmers even provide handbooks for their workers.
Some farmers explain importance.
Some farmers explain life.
Some farmers face depleted crops due to the drought and constant or lowered prices.
Some farmers fallow the enset field and practice rotation with annual crops.
Some farmers feed cats.
Some farmers feed deer.
Some farmers feed ducks.
Some farmers feed geese.
Some farmers feed goats.
Some farmers feed horses.
Some farmers feed pigs.
Some farmers feed sheep.
Some farmers feed their animals bananas and plantains.
Some farmers feed their livestock grain in their barns.
Some farmers feed turkeys.
Some farmers feel a dependable supply of water is, within reason, at least as important as price.
Some farmers feel betrayed by existing trade regulations and agreements.
Some farmers fence in an acre or two to test out emu farming.
Some farmers figure they can make money on the margin of their production.
Some farmers find bones.
Some farmers find headaches.
Some farmers find industries.
Some farmers find it useful to write down every sale.
Some farmers find major headaches.
Some farmers find mules.
Some farmers find network opportunity.
Some farmers find opportunity.
Some farmers find predators.
Some farmers find that healthier alfalfa stands are less likely to be damaged by weevils.
Some farmers gain experience.
Some farmers get education.
Some farmers get lambs.
Some farmers get milk.
Some farmers get so frustrated that they try to do it themselves.
Some farmers get tuberculosis.
Some farmers go so far as to build roof-covered pads.
Some farmers grow coffee.
Some farmers grow corn or soybeans or wheat or potatos, which they sell.
Some farmers grow corn.
Some farmers grow melons.
Some farmers grow potato.
Some farmers grow rice.
Some farmers grow shade coffee.
Some farmers grow soybeans.
Some farmers grow strawberries every year, for which hotels and businesses are very grateful.
Some farmers grow sunflowers.
Some farmers grow vanillas.
Some farmers handle snails.
Some farmers harvest roots.
Some farmers harvest wheat.
Some farmers hate foxes.
Some farmers have a less favorable view of the litigation, however.
Some farmers have a pipeline system leading from the trees to storage tanks.
Some farmers have affection.
Some farmers have as little as half a acre.
Some farmers have close to a million-dollars in debt.
Some farmers have horses.
Some farmers have interest in contract raising, such as poultry, swine, beef or heifers.
Some farmers have little affection.
Some farmers have livestock, but usually as a secondary enterprise using arable by-products.
Some farmers have markets.
Some farmers have more valuable land than others, and the farmers know the value of their time.
Some farmers have opportunity.
Some farmers have pheasants.
Some farmers have sufficient land, access to water and the know-how to intensify production.
Some farmers have the mental skill and desire to be private business people.
Some farmers have thistles.
Some farmers help millers.
Some farmers hire themselves out to harvest the blackened burnt canes.
Some farmers identify calves.
Some farmers identify susceptible calves.
Some farmers improve health.
Some farmers indicate infection.
Some farmers indicate respiratory infection.
Some farmers indicate severe infection.
Some farmers indicate severe upper respiratory infection.
Some farmers inject their cows themselves after the hired hands go home.
Some farmers insist they already died and no one has yet noticed.
Some farmers interfere too early in the calving process and cause more problems than they solve.
Some farmers just sell to the grocery stores directly.
Some farmers keep antelopes.
Some farmers keep birds.
Some farmers keep fine-wool sheep on native pasture all year around.
Some farmers keep geese.
Some farmers keep horses.
Some farmers keep pigs.
Some farmers keep salmon.
Some farmers keep sheep.
Some farmers keep turkeys.
Some farmers kill animals.
Some farmers kill ball pythons.
Some farmers kill cats.
Some farmers kill cheetahs.
Some farmers kill deer.
Some farmers kill dogs.
Some farmers kill jaguars.
Some farmers kill mammals.
Some farmers kill pigs.
Some farmers kill prairie dogs.
Some farmers kill pythons.
Some farmers kill rabbits.
Some farmers kill squirrels.
Some farmers kill warty pigs.
Some farmers know truth.
Some farmers know vets.
Some farmers lack security.
Some farmers leave homes.
Some farmers leave worms.
Some farmers let customers pick their own vegetables.
Some farmers like to keep their horses in fields where they have plenty of green grass to eat.
Some farmers literally vacuum the crops of insect pests rather than use chemical sprays.
Some farmers look for green spots.
Some farmers look for spots.
Some farmers look to be more successful than others.
Some farmers lose corn crops.
Some farmers lose cows.
Some farmers lose crops.
Some farmers lose farms.
Some farmers lose livestock due to coyote predation.
Some farmers lose papaya production.
Some farmers lose production.
Some farmers lose sheep.
Some farmers love animals.
Some farmers make better informants than others.
Some farmers make chill discoveries.
Some farmers make discoveries.
Some farmers make holes.
Some farmers make silage of the stalks after the ears are picked or the grain is harvested.
Some farmers mention pacas.
Some farmers migrate to cities.
Some farmers move animals.
Some farmers move food.
Some farmers move habitats.
Some farmers move horses.
Some farmers move pigs.
Some farmers move the cobs immediately after harvest to a prepared area for shelling and sale.
Some farmers never adopt a technology because it is inappropriate for their operation.
Some farmers now do all of their spraying at night by design.
Some farmers observe productivity.
Some farmers obtain their credit needs through the use of loan guarantees.
Some farmers offer tips.
Some farmers operate under high debt or produce for subsistence and live a tenuous existence.
Some farmers own animals.
Some farmers own bees.
Some farmers own cats.
Some farmers own dogs.
Some farmers own ducks.
Some farmers own geese.
Some farmers own goats.
Some farmers own large amounts of land.
Some farmers own mice.
Some farmers own ponies.
Some farmers own rabbits.
Some farmers own rats.
Some farmers own sheep.
Some farmers periodically change the crops they grow in fields in order to keep the soil healthy.
Some farmers place values.
Some farmers planning on tobacco in case weather is good.
Some farmers plant later for a second crop.
Some farmers plant weeds.
Some farmers possess cows.
Some farmers possess ducks.
Some farmers possess frogs.
Some farmers possess geese.
Some farmers possess goats.
Some farmers possess pigs.
Some farmers possess ponies.
Some farmers possess sheep.
Some farmers possess turkeys.
Some farmers pour seawater.
Some farmers prefer that rather than face the whims of the auction market.
Some farmers prefer to chop or mow rye by late boot stage, before it heads or flowers.
Some farmers prevent fire.
Some farmers produce cattle.
Some farmers protect humans.
Some farmers protect livestock.
Some farmers provide chickens.
Some farmers provide input.
Some farmers provide other costly input.
Some farmers pull carts.
Some farmers pump liquid manure from the barn to a storage located in the middle of the farm.
Some farmers raise babirusas.
Some farmers raise beef.
Some farmers raise bees.
Some farmers raise cats.
Some farmers raise cattle, hogs, poultry, and sheep.
Some farmers raise cattle.
Some farmers raise chickens or pigs or cattle, which they sell.
Some farmers raise chicks.
Some farmers raise crops for human or animal consumption.
Some farmers raise deer.
Some farmers raise dogs.
Some farmers raise ducks.
Some farmers raise fish in ponds.
Some farmers raise goats.
Some farmers raise healthy hogs, whose waste is considered a resource.
Some farmers raise livestock.
Some farmers raise piglets.
Some farmers raise ponies.
Some farmers raise sheep.
Some farmers raise turkeys.
Some farmers receive damage.
Some farmers receive serious damage.
Some farmers recycle the solids as bedding material.
Some farmers refuse to be a part of that.
Some farmers relate that quota crops have carried some farm operations during past crises.
Some farmers release animals.
Some farmers remove suckers.
Some farmers report cases.
Some farmers report disorder.
Some farmers report predation.
Some farmers report problems.
Some farmers report results.
Some farmers report similar results.
Some farmers report that mold levels in baled hay are causing problems when hay is fed to livestock.
Some farmers require bees.
Some farmers resist increasing incentive pay levels when compensating seasonal crew workers.
Some farmers respond to questionnaires.
Some farmers ride horses.
Some farmers save animals.
Some farmers say it's the problem of their neighbors, while others accuse the seed companies.
Some farmers say their health already has been damaged.
Some farmers say they appreciate that.
Some farmers say they are more valuable than having another man work on the property.
Some farmers say they have been driven to the brink of suicide.
Some farmers see pigweeds.
Some farmers see woodchucks as good for the soil.
Some farmers seek chickens.
Some farmers seek damage.
Some farmers seek insect damage.
Some farmers sell animals.
Some farmers sell bags.
Some farmers sell beef.
Some farmers sell cattle.
Some farmers sell chickens.
Some farmers sell direct.
Some farmers sell dogs.
Some farmers sell ducks.
Some farmers sell geese.
Some farmers sell goats.
Some farmers sell livestock.
Some farmers sell rabbits.
Some farmers sell sheep.
Some farmers sell their produce directly to consumers at roadside stands.
Some farmers sell turkeys.
Some farmers shoot animals.
Some farmers shoot birds.
Some farmers shoot cattle.
Some farmers shoot coyotes.
Some farmers shoot deer.
Some farmers shoot ducks.
Some farmers shoot eagles for eating red grouse and frightening the grouse.
Some farmers shoot geese.
Some farmers shoot kangaroos.
Some farmers shoot mammals.
Some farmers shoot pigs.
Some farmers shoot rabbits.
Some farmers shoot squirrels.
Some farmers spend exorbitant amounts of money to control the population.
Some farmers spread manure and others put up fences.
Some farmers start fire.
Some farmers still debate the value of creep feeding for spring born calves.
Some farmers still do that.
Some farmers still plant their seeds by the light of the full moon to ensure a healthy harvest.
Some farmers still prefer to spread their seed purchases among several dealers.
Some farmers sue neighbours.
Some farmers supply meat, eggs, and dairy products directly to the consumers.
Some farmers take better care of their cows, than others do.
Some farmers take care of certain cows better than others, which can enhance the milking process.
Some farmers take notes, and a few lean so far forward to hear that they are in danger of toppling.
Some farmers take samples to the pod blaster to determine when to pick.
Some farmers take their corn to a corn buyer who buys corn from lots of farmers and stores it.
Some farmers take trouble.
Some farmers think people are overly concerned about GMOs.
Some farmers think so.
Some farmers think the transgenic soybeans have lower yield potential than conventional varieties.
Some farmers think their fields can only turn a profit when planted to houses.
Some farmers treat animals.
Some farmers treat goats.
Some farmers try to control the woodchuck numbers by gassing their burrows.
Some farmers turn the stubble from the previous year back into the ground.
Some farmers undertake custom farming to spread machinery costs over more acres.
Some farmers use acid.
Some farmers use actions.
Some farmers use an additional trailer, which can double the number of totes per load.
Some farmers use butts.
Some farmers use candy.
Some farmers use chemical sprays to control diseases and insects.
Some farmers use chocolate candy.
Some farmers use corn planters.
Some farmers use electric motors for lifting water, and tractors for ploughing land.
Some farmers use experiments to work out how much fertiliser to apply.
Some farmers use features.
Some farmers use forestland to grow cash crops, such as coffee or pineapples.
Some farmers use groundwater to irrigate crops.
Some farmers use live plants to intercrop with their staples to suppress weeds.
Some farmers use milk weeds.
Some farmers use mules.
Some farmers use mustard.
Some farmers use planters.
Some farmers use sheep to keep ground clear once trees are big enough.
Some farmers use the four-time multiple rule to arrive at their prices.
Some farmers use the same idea.
Some farmers use tranquillisers to keep animals calm.
Some farmers use trees and shrubs to preserve livestock products such as milk.
Some farmers use very basic technology in drying the peppers.
Some farmers use weeds.
Some farmers wait even for one week.
Some farmers work as blacksmiths.
Some farmers work full time.
Some farmers work primarily with crops and vegetables.
Some farmers work subsistence farms as their fathers did.
Some farmers work time.
Some farmers work with dogs.
Some farmers work with pigs.
Some farmers write letters.
Farmers markets are a good deal.
Farmers markets are a great way to get a taste of the region.
Farmers markets are a key participant in helping the family farm stay in existence.
Farmers markets are a low-cost, local and tangible response to farmers woes and consumers worries.
Farmers markets are a place where farmers sell what they grow.
Farmers markets are also a good place to buy.
Farmers markets are also good places to buy fresh carrots.
Farmers markets are also important social events.
Farmers markets are especially wonderful resources.
Farmers markets are good examples.
Farmers markets are green shoots coming out of the gun.
Farmers markets are often a good source for finding flexible quantities at excellent prices.
Farmers markets are probably the best sources in areas that it is grown.
Farmers markets can become forums for discussion and dialogue.
Farmers markets go beyond just selling good food.
Farmers markets highlight the seasons, and food that is available locally .
Farmers markets overflow with exotic shapes and colors.
Farmers markets revive market towns and run-down urban centres.
Farmers suicide is a global phenomenon.
Farmhouse tables feature tops.
Farmhouse tables feature wood plank tops.
A farmhouse is a house
Farmhouse also contains a handful of tracks that exist quite nicely outside the live context.
Farmhouse finds Phish hitting on all cylinders as a people's band with a larger agenda.
Farmhouse has museum contain-ing historical maps and relics.
Farmhouse is a traditional English style of cheese making.
Farmhouse isa house.
Farmhouse offers a ministry of hospitality and welcome.
Farmhouses are buildings.
Farmhouses are homes.
Farmhouses are houses.
Farmhouses are located in farms.
Farmhouses are located in framers.
Farmhouses are located in rural areas.
Farmhouses are part of farms.
Farmhouses are used for livings.
Farmhouses dot the flat horizon.
Farmhouses have (part) attics.
Farmhouses have (part) bases.
Farmhouses have (part) bathrooms.
Farmhouses have (part) bedrooms.
Farmhouses have (part) beds.
Farmhouses have (part) boilers.
Farmhouses have (part) ceilings.
Farmhouses have (part) courtyards.
Farmhouses have (part) decks.
Farmhouses have (part) doorknobs.
Farmhouses have (part) doorsteps.
Farmhouses have (part) elevator cars.
Farmhouses have (part) elevators.
Farmhouses have (part) family rooms.
Farmhouses have (part) floors.
Farmhouses have (part) foundation stones.
Farmhouses have (part) foyers.
Farmhouses have (part) front rooms.
Farmhouses have (part) hinges.
Farmhouses have (part) interior doors.
Farmhouses have (part) kitchens.
Farmhouses have (part) libraries.
Farmhouses have (part) potties.
Farmhouses have (part) readsides.
Farmhouses have (part) roof peaks.
Farmhouses have (part) roofs.
Farmhouses have (part) room light.
Farmhouses have (part) sections.
Farmhouses have (part) shower baths.
Farmhouses have (part) shower stalls.
Farmhouses have (part) staircases.
Farmhouses have (part) stairs.
Farmhouses have (part) toilets.
Farmhouses have (part) tubs.
Farmhouses have (part) walls.
Farmhouses have (part) window frames.
Farmhouses have (part) windowpanes.
Farmhouses have (part) windows.
Farmhouses have stacks of firewood near the barn.
Farmhouses represent a very small minority.
Some farmhouses are part of dairies.
Some farmhouses are part of farms.
Some farmhouses are part of ranches.
Farming equipment is hard to obtain and move around.
Farming are cultivation.
Farming are occupations.
Farmland conversion occurs as a result of both push and pull forces.
Farmland loans have a negative impact on bank real estate return sensitivity.
Farmland patterns checkerboard the area along the Gila River.
Farmland preservation happens in rural towns with small populations.
Farmland preservation is a high priority with county and state government.
Farmland preservation is really preservation of the overall quality of life.
Farmland preservation preserve agricultural lands with zoning guidelines, ordinances, etc.
Farmland prices are favorable on the north shore of the the island.
Farmland protection is an investment in the backbone of our economy.
Farmland accounts for about one-half of all the land in the contiguous states.
Farmland consists of fields.
Farmland consists of paddy fields.
Farmland facilitates water filtration and recharge to underground aquifers.
Farmland generates some revenues for the tribes and their members.
Farmland has (part) pasture.
Farmland is a country
Farmland is countries.
Farmland is fields.
Farmland is lands.
Farmland is located in countries.
Farmland is located in countrysides.
Farmland is part of states.
Farmland is used for farming.
Farmland is used for farms.
Farmland is used for food production.
Farmland isa location.
Farmland looks like a crazy quilt of greens, browns and yellows.
Farmland operates in most states, divided into five regions.
Farmland provides crop protection products, petroleum products, animal feeds and other ag inputs.
Farmland provides groundwater recharge areas.
Farmland provides open space, which contributes to the quality of life in developing areas.
Farmland provides space for crops and livestock to grow alongside wildlife.
Farmland provides wildlife cover and food for many upland wildlife species.
Farmland refers to both cultivated and uncultivated lands.
Farmlands are adjacent to the residential areas.
Farmlands continue to go unused, roads remain closed and villages eventually abandoned.
Farmlands range from fertile alluvial plains to rolling hill country and volcanic hinterland.
Farmlands support a bustling community.
Farmlands turn into deserts as climate changes.
Some farmland destroys habitats.
Some farmland is affected by tsunamis.
Some farmland is threatened with soil salinity.
Some farmland lies near to the village, as well as forested and mountainous terrain.
Some farmland needs to be left fallow more often, and some less often.
Farms today range in size from small, moderate, to very large modern business operations.
Many farms today are large businesses which require the services of a good lawyer.
Many farms today have no farm animals at all.
Most farmstead odors are heavier t han air, increasing their tendency to settle in low-lying areas.
A farmstead is a farm
Every farmstead is unique.
Many farmsteads have several abandoned wells.
Farmyard isa structure.
Farmyards have (part) bases.
Farmyards have (part) sections.
Some farmyards are part of dairies.
Some farmyards are part of farms.
Some farmyards are part of ranches.
Farnham soils have rock fragments dominated by shale.
Farnsworth speed is now adjustable .
Farnsworth timing is defined as sending the characters at a faster speed than the words.
Faro diving is ideal for beginners because the water is calm and clear.
Some farrier associations offer voluntary certification testing to their members.
A farrier is a blacksmith
Farriers are blacksmiths.
Farriers are completely responsible for their own actions.
Farriers are highly skilled equine foot care professionals.
Farriers are the only horse professionals who see their horse owning clientele on a regular basis.
Farriers are the people who give hooves the monthly beauty treatment.
Farriers benefit because good clients are just as reliable as good farriers.
Farriers can customize the scoring rule to their liking and professional needs .
Farriers come two times per week.
Farriers find that a square-toe shoe is useful, as it helps to straighten the path of flight.
Farriers usually pack the space between the pad and the hoof to prevent debris from entering.
Any Farriers passing please drop in.
Every farrier can appreciate that.
Many farriers advertise their business there.
Many farriers are reluctant to evaluate the work of other farriers in their area.
Many farriers consider the shoulder angle when determining the toe angle for the fore hooves.
Many farriers die of old age without ever nailing on anything but steel shoes.
Many farriers incorrectly call broken conditions toed in or out.
Many farriers use a combination of hot and cold shoeing techniques.
Many farriers use a combination of hot and cold shoeing.
Many farriers use a stall jack to shape shoes cold right at the horse's side - or rear.
Most farriers do the best job they can with the skills they have.
Most farriers know how hard it is to establish a new business.
Most farriers know what to do. .
Most farriers know what to do.
Most farriers like to be paid in cash, particularly when dealing with strangers.
Most farriers require payment when the work is done.
Most farriers work as apprentices for a few years before venturing out on their own.
Some farriers can shoe many different horses and do therapeutic shoeing.
Some farriers use antiseptics before the shoes, pads and packing are applied.
Some farriers use stocks to restrain the animal for trimming and shoeing.
A farrow is a birth
Farrow also consults with firms in the design and implementation of security applications.
Farrow is an independent security consultant.
Farrow is eager to keep working.
Farrow is the first woman to hold the office.
Farrow is very droll as the oblivious mom.
Farrow knows how to orchestrate a scene, a sophisticated writing skill.
Farrow now has a data base to show just how the trees are reacting.
Farrow plans to advertise aggressively online and offline.
Farrow remains skeptical.
Farrow says being able to walk for life's conveniences, rather than drive, is a big plus.
Farrow says that for many teens, stress can come from home.
Farrows are parturition.
Farrows sows and gilts in A-frame pasture huts to reduce capital costs and labor .
Farrowing crates are metal crates barely larger than the sow, giving no room for turning around.
Farrowing crates are metal crates barley larger than the sow, giving no room for turning around.
Farrowing is another name for parturition , or giving birth.
Farrowings also continue to drop in Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois, South Dakota and Kentucky.
Farrowings continue to raise questions.
FARS documentation is also available via ftp.
Farsighted entrepreneurs see what no else sees.
Farsighted glasses control all of the eye crossing.
Farsighted people become increasingly dependent on glasses for all activities.
Farsighted people have eyes that are too short from front to back.
Farsighted people see distance objects more clearly than near objects.
Farsighted surgery does take longer, though, since doctors have to work on a larger area of the eye.
A fart is a reflex
Farts  laughs.
Farts  laughter.
Farts  smell.
Farts are funny.
Farts are motivated by the goal of attention.
Farts are motivated by the goal of crude.
Farts are reflexs.
Farts can be stinky, wet, loud, or silent but deadly.
Farts can be the funniest things on earth.
Farts can sometimes smell pretty bad.
Farts end with blushs.
Farts end with smell.
Farts have less atmospheric gas content and more bacterial gas content than burps.
Farts have their own inherent humor.
Farts start with blushs.
Farts start with moves.
Farts tend to burn with a blue or yellow flame.
Farts turn into floating green bubbles.
Farther access requires a remote site agreement.
Farther distances are possible with additional pipeline and booster pumps.
Farther east are the cloudy skies of coastal Africa, and to the west lies war-torn Angola.
Farther east is world-class skiing and year round recreation.
Farther information is provided in references and selection of abstracts.
Farther north is Berkeley County, a fast-growing area fueled by industrial development, and farming.
Farther north is Oregon caves.
Farther northward is the Grand Canyon.
Farther south are depressions extending from east to west.
Farther south are SoHo's galleries.
Farther south are the citrus orchards of sunny Southern California.
Farther south are the tropical hardwoods.
Farther south is an another disturbing road.
Farther south is supposedly the smallest land bridge in the world.
Farther south is the Central Range, and another range parallels the southern coast.
Farther south is the Polish mountain region .
Farther south is the Polish mountain region.
Farther south is the saltwater Pamlico Sound.
Farther west are a number of natural and scientific museums that each are a day's expedition.
Farther west are the remains of a second tunnel.
Farther west lies the popular Berlin zoo.
A farthingale is a hoop
Farthingales is an internet mail-order company shipping world wide.
Fartings  embarrassment.
Fartings are used for laughs.
Fartings cause odor.
Fartings cause smell.
Fartings cause social ostracisms.
Fartings cause unpleasant odor.
A fartlek is an athletic training
Fartlek is both a great mental and physical challenge.
Fartlek is Swedish for speed play .
Fartlek is Swedish for speed play and is a very popular training tool among more serious runners.
Fartleks are athletic training.
Fas activation reduces neutrophil adhesion to endothelial cells.
Fas antigen is a cell surface protein known to initiate an apoptotic signal.
Fas ligand is a pro-apoptotic protein.
A fascia is connective tissue
Fascia comes in the form of a single tough sheet that connects everything from head to toe.
Fascia expresses mechanical changes such as soldifying and shortening.
Fascia forms a weblike structure that attaches to every structure in the body.
Fascia shrinks when it is inflamed and is slow to heal because of a poor blood supply.
Fascias are connective tissue.
Fascial board is metal trim.
Fascial contracture occurs when muscles and their connective tissues tighten abnormally.
Fascial hernias are an indication that the shin pain felt is due to compartment syndrome.
Fascial planes divide the anatomy into various compartments.
Fascial thickening develops as a response to forces of tension and mechanical demands.
A fascicle is an instalment
Fascicles are subsets of a relation that share similar values.
Fascicular arrangement is correlated with the power of a muscle and the range of motion.
Fascicular patterns are better represented near the dermal-epidermal interface.
A fasciculation is cramp
Fasciculation is seen most clearly in muscles close to the surface of the skin.
Fasciculations are present in the tongue at rest, and all four proximal extremities.
Some fascinate aspects involve behavior patterns.
Some fascinate aspects involve patterns.
Fascinate creatures roam earth.
Many fascinating animals live in Africa.
Fascinating art adorns the walls and completes the sleek, elegant atmosphere.
Fascinating beaches dot the islands and are favourite home for a wide variety of migratory birds.
Fascinating biographies offer stories of accomplished women .
Fascinating bugs come to life with magnetic magic wands.
Fascinating characters combined with suspenseful tension create one riveting book.
Fascinating chart shows the stages of optimal development.
Fascinating demonstrations reveal the harmony between science and faith.
Fascinating end results though.
Fascinating essays are standard here.
Fascinating features cover the inland, freshwater lakes and rivers of the Heartland.
Fascinating films is the world's largest film format.
Fascinating findings keep flowing from fat.
Fascinating history is too involved to mention here.
Fascinating patterns lurk among the digits of whole numbers.
Some fascinating patterns emerge.
Fascinating photographs reveal the damage that environmental hazards pose to life and property.
Fascinating plants abound including several types of cacti, yucca, agave, and wildflowers.
Fascinating possibilities abound.
Some fascinating possibilities open before the mind.
Fascinating questions are now approachable.
Some fascinating questions remain.
Some fascinating studies exist about how people around the world respond and react to color.
Fascinating text makes fun reading for the neophyte or even the seasoned salt.
Some fascinating things are on the horizon, and one of the hottest is high definition television.
Many fascinating topics are to be found here.
Fascinating trails abound.
Fascinating villains abound.
A fascination is a trance
Fascination gains precedence over practicality.
Fascination is among the highest and best of human motivations.
Fascination is in the eye of the beholder.
Fascinations are attraction.
A fascioliasis is infestation
Fascioliasis is a disease caused by liver fluke in the liver and bile ducts of sheep and cattle.
Fascioliasis occurs worldwide.
A fascism is ideology
Fascism does exist.
Fascism exploits nationalism by playing upon feelings of superiority over others.
Fascism seeks to organize an organization led mass movement in an effort to capture the state power.
Fascism starts slowly, first they take away a vote.
Fascism tends to be used a lot on the left as a term of abuse.
Fascisms are dictatorships.
Fascism always lurks in the bowels of the capitalist system.
Some fascist assholes have some Prudish parents to protect.
Fascist ideas are still far from dead.
Fascist ideology upholds the group, specifically the nation.
Fascist movements glorify the nation.
Fascist perfidy exceeds human comprehension.
Fascist propaganda is illegal in Belarus.
Fascist racism is built into the very existence of the Israeli state.
Every fascist regime needs scapegoats.
Fascist socialism is more subtle than communist socialism.
Fascist societies have plenty of order and official happy slogans.
A fascist is a right-winger
Fascist comes from the word fascio meaning a bundled group.
Fascist is a movie about making movies.
Fascists aim to smash to atoms the organised workers' movement.
Fascists are a cancer in the body politic.
Fascists are adults.
Fascists are films.
Fascists are people.
Fascists are realist socialists.
Fascists are the worst form of pollution and waste.
Fascists believe their race is biologically superior to other races.
Fascists burn books.
Fascists dress up in black and tell people what to do.
Fascists fight back.
Fascists gain first seats in Italian parliament.
Fascists historically desire cultural uniformity.
Fascists seek an organic, neomythological unity of nature, the community, and the self.
Fascists step up campaign .
Fascists take power in Italy.
Some fascists are active today in anti-blood sport groups.
Some fascists love clear simple rules, so do some people who love liberty and individual choice.
Fascistic movement plays critical role in India's ruling coalition.
A fashion consultant is a consultant
Fashion consultants are advisers.
Fashion consultants recommend wearing blue to job interviews because it symbolizes loyalty.
Fashion consultants say diamond earrings are the basis of a fine jewelry wardrobe.
Fashion design is a good example.
Fashion design is a hard job to look for.
Fashion design is just one of the many exciting careers in the arts.
Fashion design tends to revolve around female clothes.
A fashion designer is a creator
Fashion designer shows a collection of wedding dresses.
Fashion designer shows a complete collection of wedding dresses.
Fashion designers are designers.
Fashion designers are the artists of the apparel industry.
Fashion designers are the masters of a decorative art that touches people more than any other.
Fashion designers catalogs on line.
Fashion designers create original clothing, accessories, and footwear.
Fashion designers decide on a theme for a collection.
Fashion designers experiment continuously with innovative fabrics and ideas.
Fashion designers follow trends.
Fashion designers have degrees.
Fashion designers select fabric.
Fashion designers sketch designs of clothing, footwear, and accessories.
Fashion designers sketch their initial design ideas, which are used later to create prototypes.
Fashion designers use technology to design.
Fashion designers use technology.
Fashion designers work in teams.
Fashion designers work with a variety of fabrics, shapes, and colors.
More fashion designers work for wholesalers or manufacturers than in any other industries.
Most fashion designers have degrees.
Most fashion designers use technology.
Most fashion designers work in New York and California.
Most fashion designers work in teams.
Some fashion designers gain experience.
Some fashion designers take life.
Some fashion designers take own life.
Fashion editors make the world's best customers.
Fashion houses have a rich history of making forays into the political arena.
Fashion illustrators specialize in drawings of children's, women's, and men's fashions.
A fashion industry is an industry
Fashion industry Explain the historical development of the fashion industry.
Fashion Island is near by and city of Laguna is nestled in the hills, right next to the beach.
Fashion journalism is an unknown feild in India.
Fashion magazines aimed at teens feature beautiful models.
Fashion magazines can inspire glamorous fantasy portraits, or great costumes and fabrics.
Fashion Magazines Enter the world of fashion and be updated with all the current trends of fashion.
Fashion magazines represent women in a certain way in photographs.
Fashion merchandising offers advanced study in retailing and consumer behavior.
A fashion model is an assistant
Fashion models are models.
Fashion models are professional models.
Fashion models are used to sell clothing or cosmetics .
Fashion models are used to sell clothing or cosmetics.
Fashion models display clothing before an audience.
Fashion models lounge here and there and the photographer sets up lights and screens.
Fashion models work in manufacturers showrooms and clothing stores.
All fashion models earn money on the side.
Most fashion models are slender.
Fashion photographers can afford rolls of film and motorized rigs.
Fashion photography can be simple or extremely complicated.
Fashion photography is a science and an art.
Fashion police beware.
Fashion police do exist.
Fashion sense has little to do with absolute dominance over an ecological niche.
All fashion sense is out the window - and no colour is adjudged too bright.
Fashion show can promote, but bad fashion show can destroy even a good collection.
Fashion shows are advertising.
Fashion shows are often the source of the latest style and trends in clothing fashions.
Fashion shows are pretty specific.
Fashion shows are recital.
Fashion shows are the new art gallery.
Fashion statements are often antifashion statements.
Any fashion statement is made by certain sections of people who want to make a fashion statement.
Fashion stores offer everything from resort wear to evening wear, even exclusive European designers.
Most fashion tastes are available on the market stalls or in the shops.
Fashion trends are important.
Fashion trends can affect the demand for dry cleaning.
Fashion trends come and go, but great service is always in style.
Fashion trends come and go, but great theater is always in style.
Fashion trends come and go.
Fashion trends seem to trace their way from one end of the western seaboard to the other.
Fashion trends serve only the manufacturing industry and tend to be extremely wasteful.
Most fashion trends revolve around showing lots of skin, or at least some skin.
Fashion TV broadcasts fashion clips all day via satellite and cable.
Fashion accelerates the time warp.
Fashion already has outstanding, with an eight- year duration and annual interest of nine percent.
Fashion also lends itself to creating more demand for dispensing opticians.
Fashion appears to be novel.
Fashion articulates certain aspects of culture.
Fashion becomes insurance also.
Fashion becomes the idea, and that's what is sold.
Fashion bombards women with more social attire than business attire.
Fashion boutiques neighbour charity shops in curious contrast.
Fashion call aside one ram golf products.
Fashion can also mean a style of language or behaviour.
Fashion can be a creative, expressive and personal thing.
Fashion can be cheap and fabulous.
Fashion can be dangerous.
Fashion can be everything or anything.
Fashion can be such a funny thing.
Fashion can even help slim the face.
Fashion can speak in eloquent ways, but that combination borders on cacophony.
Fashion changes from day to day but style is eternal.
Fashion Check out the latest in fashion trends and styles.
Fashion comes first.
Fashion comes from an industrial process, but so now does a lot of art.
Fashion constantly changes, therefore people are always looking for something new.
Fashion contains a guided tour of fashion on the Net with hundreds of links.
Fashion continues it cycle of reinvention.
Fashion covers a wide spectrum of items, from clothes to accessories and beyond.
Fashion deserves rebuke.
Fashion detailing is evident in pockets, especially hip pockets.
Fashion does indeed dictate what is beautiful.
Fashion does play a vital role in that.
Fashion features news, haute reviews, celeb speak, style guide, photo galleries, and brand watch.
Fashion Get the greatest magazines at discount prices.
Fashion harks back to the past, too.
Fashion has a different meaning in Paris than in New York.
Fashion has nothing to do with the lack of men s garden guides.
Fashion has the answer.
Fashion has to sell.
Fashion is a beautiful flower that grows in times.
Fashion is a business which changes every three months.
Fashion is a 'closed convention'.
Fashion is a fascinating and complex phenomenon, an expression of what people feel and think.
Fashion is a fetish in a way, but it s so consumer-driven and competitive.
Fashion is a field where changes take place frequently, so demands keep generating.
Fashion is a great example.
Fashion is a highly competitive and expensive business.
Fashion is a huge outlet.
Fashion is a language which tells a story about the person who wears it.
Fashion is a means of self-expression that allows people to try on many roles in life.
Fashion is a mistress that rules with an iron hand.
Fashion is a monster.
Fashion is a nonverbal statement.
Fashion is a passion.
Fashion is a person's particular style.
Fashion is a process by which the accepted form of dress is transformed.
Fashion is a property
Fashion is a reflection of a given time, socially, politically, economically, and artistically.
Fashion is a reflection of one's personality and ideals.
Fashion is a reflection of the time and place.
Fashion is a state of mind.
Fashion is a statement of imagination expressed in color, texture, and shape.
Fashion is a statement, a way of living.
Fashion is a term used and indexed.
Fashion is a tool . . . to compete in life outside the home.
Fashion is a touchy-feely thing and it's also a pain to send goods back.
Fashion is a way to express one's self.
Fashion is about change which is necessary to keep life interesting.
Fashion is about change, yet staying true to the brand image.
Fashion is about clothes first and foremost, but it is also about being fashionable.
Fashion is about design, but it's also about persona and image.
Fashion is about egos.
Fashion is about exhibitionism.
Fashion is about having fun.
Fashion is about individual decisions.
Fashion is all.
Fashion is an arms race.
Fashion is an effective product for teaching children the basics of fashion design and sewing.
Fashion is an endless popularity contest.
Fashion is an imperative.
Fashion is an important aspect in teenagers' lives.
Fashion is an important part of doing the town.
Fashion is an industry totally dependent on the global economy.
Fashion is an interesting sword when wielded by disaffected youth.
Fashion is an obvious example.
Fashion is and always has been a mystery.
Fashion is applicable to diagnosis as well as to treatment.
Fashion Is Art Nowadays, fashion and art are constantly bumping into each other.
Fashion is as addictive to a woman as a candy is to a child.
Fashion is based on the fear of being different.
Fashion is categorized by decades and different decades produce different styles and fashions.
Fashion is change and obsolescence imposed on a pattern of tyrannical conformity.
Fashion is change.
Fashion is concurrent to a single aesthetic principle of looking good and feeling good.
Fashion is dead.
Fashion is designed to keep insecure mall rats enslaved to the fashion industry.
Fashion is dictated.
Fashion is different from custom, or rather is a particular species of it.
Fashion is ephemeral.
Fashion is equally meritocratic.
Fashion is essentially an interpretation of tradition.
Fashion is everything, as are a slim physique and youthful look.
Fashion is everything, yes.
Fashion is Everything.
Fashion is everywhere.
Fashion is experienced by everyone and can be expressed in more than one way.
Fashion is fickle and so is America's love for bowling.
Fashion is fickle, and style quickly becomes stale.
Fashion is fickle.
Fashion is fidelity to art as much as to creft-a freedom from rigid dictates.
Fashion is flexible and comfortable shoes are more acceptable in more places.
Fashion is For Now.
Fashion is fundamental.
Fashion is gentility running away from vulgarity and afraid of being overtaken.
Fashion is important in some sectors, too.
Fashion is important to shandies, but they also love their cargo pants and skate shoes.
Fashion is imprtant at the school of discipleship.
Fashion is in charge here.
Fashion is in the air, born upon the wind.
Fashion is interesting material of culture.
Fashion is just as important as technology.
Fashion is just so enormous now.
Fashion is key here.
Fashion is known to be both fickle and controversial.
Fashion is less important than function for travelers in a virtual world.
Fashion is like a religion.
Fashion is made instantly available to the widest possible market.
Fashion is made to become unfashionable.
Fashion is 'moneyed-up' at the moment.
Fashion is more than just a designer's whim.
Fashion is much quicker.
Fashion is no exception.
Fashion is no longer confined to apparel, it is the way one lives, the whole lifestyle.
Fashion is no longer justification enough to go open source.
Fashion is obsessed with novelty, conspicuous display.
Fashion is often a reflection of the art world and the issues of our society.
Fashion is one of the passions of young consumers who are in the small car market.
Fashion is one of the three special categories of product life cycles.
Fashion is one of the worlds largest employers.
Fashion is our Business.
Fashion is part of peer pressure.
Fashion is practice.
Fashion is pretty again.
Fashion is public and created by the designers, manufactures, wearer, and the viewer.
Fashion is shallow art.
Fashion is shown with images of supermodels and others.
Fashion is so unfair.
Fashion is something that goes in one year and out the other.
Fashion is something that the media uniformly, universally deplores, despises and castigates.
Fashion is soooo relative.
Fashion is such a delicate artistic pursuit.
Fashion is supposed to be fun, but there's nothing amusing about killing animals in hideous ways.
Fashion is that which can be bought in clothing stores.
Fashion is the excuse in order to make more interesting the study of history.
Fashion is the mirror of history.
Fashion is the other major hurdle to be tackled in order to win over today's male.
Fashion is the riot and colour of life.
Fashion is towards simpler, unadorned clothing.
Fashion is tricky.
Fashion is turgid.
Fashion is used in different ways such as clothing, culture, religions etc.
Fashion is very strong in New Zealand with variety and individuality.
Fashion is very unique .
Fashion is very unique.
Fashion is what one wears oneself.
Fashion is what skinny women wear in Paris, France.
Fashion is, after all, about breaking all the rules and living out fantasy.
Fashion isa property.
Fashion Live See live catwalk coverage and shows from Paris.
Fashion makes Roast by village till either mountain bicycle still fit across whatever list.
Fashion now enjoys good fortune.
Fashion paves the way to the future.
Fashion plays a large part in the mag.
Fashion produces new music, dress forms, new language or slogans.
Fashion reigns above all.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the discount area rugs before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the kid room before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the marble dining room table before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the marble kitchen counter before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the metal furniture designs before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the wassily chair before kept above none motion.
Fashion remember Handle up flower aboard the wooden end table before kept above none motion.
Fashion requires diversity.
Fashion runs about few birth though recommend womens clothing sexy dress.
Fashion runs through everything, cigarette cards are no different really.
Fashion says much about the wearer and reflects on the folks back in the home district.
Fashion seems more powerful than the pharmacology of addiction.
Fashion seems to have won out even over economics.
Fashion show at lunch.
Fashion show from around the world.
Fashion show to follow.
Fashion show with jewelry from The Gold Door.
Fashion shows A front-row seat at runways around the globe.
Fashion shows all day, DJ parties all night.
Fashion shows displaying fashion students' creations are a regular feature.
Fashion shows nightly at the restaurant.
Fashion Shows Our dancers dress in a variety of clothing from the period.
Fashion shows plus related services.
Fashion shows reek of brown-nosers and halitosis.
Fashion shows utilizing employees and celebrities.
Fashion spotlights new collections and the latest in accessories.
Fashion statements pictures of supermodels and more.
Fashion still favors pink - from the palest to the most electrifying.
Fashion synthesizes everything that is new and now.
Fashion takes about nine months to move from there to here.
Fashion tends to grow slowly, remain popular for a while, and then decline quickly.
Fashion tends to reflect the economy.
Fashion wear for women, from woollen, silk and synthetic fiber blended fabrics.
Fashion womens dress and casual shoes.
Fashions are a kind of nonverbal communication.
Fashions are different.
Fashions are evanescent, wars are obliterative.
Fashions are for everyday, special occasions and some for the frisky.
Fashions are just a click away.
Fashions are like that.
Fashions are like trends.
Fashions are seventies, attitudes are sixties and family values are fifties.
Fashions become crazes, and crazes are unbalanced.
Fashions become shorter, thinner and more revealing.
Fashions can be creative, in fact they usually are for a short period of time.
Fashions change quite quickly.
Fashions change rapidly to always be on the cutting edge.
Fashions change so don t buy everything at once.
Fashions change so rapidly now that it is foolish to lay in a great stock of gowns.
Fashions change with the seasons.
Fashions come and go for good reasons.
Fashions come and go, and everyday the city gears up to meet new desires.
Fashions come and go, but ergonomics remain constant.
Fashions come and go.
Fashions come here a couple of years later than in the rest of the world.
Fashions come in seasonal weights and colors.
Fashions fade away.
Fashions follow complex trajectories making it difficult to obtain precise information.
Fashions have a way of repeating themselves.
Fashions have changed, so has society.
Fashions look the same though because some have come back.
Fashions quickly go out of date.
Fashions range from casual to fancy .
Fashions range from casual to formal wear.
Fashions remain essentially unchanged throughout the decade.
Fashions repeat themselves, and home designs are no different.
Fashions run the gamut from everyday wear to designer originals.
Fashions simply refer to fads in clothing style or manners.
Fashions stevens because ability.
Fashions always repeat, and sometimes one area borrows from another.
Fashions often revert, but to be popular they modify.
All fashion is an aesthetic of distortion.
Some fashion has power.
Some fashions also inflict pain.
Fashionable crowd frequents pretty insides and outsides of an eatery filled with Sardinian sunshine.
Fashionable dyes are still in mediaeval areas.
Fashionable goods are, however, less likely to show up on sale.
Many fashionable pieces evoke their own colorful stories.
Fashionable restaurants offer more than borscht and blinis at New York prices.
Fashionable restaurants present interesting eating possibilities at medium to high prices.
Fashionable scholars claim to be unfashionable.
Fashionable sectors are always good indicators of things to come.
Fashionable shoes can be comfortable, too.
Fashionable uniforms are too expensive.
Fashioning is making.
Fashioning is shaping.
All FASM applicants are subject to a single process that involves three examinations.
Fast absorption reduces risk of lung aspiration.
Fast access is available.
Fast access saves both timekeeper and secretarial resources, and facilitates quick response.
Fast action can stop torture.
Fast action creates eye catching moments and long ones make viewers read the entire object message.
Fast action improves the chances of a good clean-up.
Fast action is a big plus.
Fast action is critical in a rescue situation where every minute counts.
Fast action is crucial in the event that a flammable solvent of relatively low toxicity is spilled.
Fast action is essential in the event of a loss.
Fast action is needed.
Fast action make the smallmouth a great fish for kids.
Fast action relieves pain and keeps grudges away.
Fast action shooting combined with puzzle solving create a true action adventure game.
FAST actions target the most urgent cases that call for immediate action.
Fast air equals low air pressure.
Fast algorithms exist for computing the forward and inverse wavelet transforms.
Fast alpha assumes uniform width fonts and provides a row and column interface.
Fast animations give hours of fun.
Fast answers win more points than slower ones.
Fast Application Loads A premium is placed on quick application loads.
Fast application start-up time is an important requirement.
Fast approaches are available.
Fast approval is the rule with a minimum amount of paperwork.
Fast approximation algorithms for a nonconvex covering problem.
Fast approximation algorithms for knapsack problems.
Fast approximation algorithms for multicommodity flow problem.
Fast approximation algorithms for multicommodity flow problems.
Fast approximation algorithms for the knapsack and sum of subset problems.
Fast automobiles make dangerous friends.
Fast availability is certainly a key issue here.
Fast ball speed off the tee.
Fast beats prove good for dancing.
Fast betas are in.
Fast bikes are hazardous.
Fast boats are fast boats, all else being equal.
Fast boats demand a well-supported skin.
Fast bowlers are prone to some niggling problems which can be overcome.
Fast bowlers like to hunt in pairs.
A fast break is a break
Fast breaks are also impressively speedy.
Fast breaks are breaks.
Fast breaks are hard to come by.
Most fast breaks are two slow because players dribble too much.
Fast burners tend to process their food rapidly, often with high energy and strong mental function.
Fast calculators are helpless in closed positions, in which they move their pieces like zombies.
Fast car wants to race.
Fast cars are a symbol of empowerment and freedom.
Fast cars are also useful when it comes to picking up girls.
Fast cars are cool.
Fast cars are fun.
Fast cars are preferable, obviously.
Fast cars are singles.
Fast Cash Provides a variety of loan options.
Fast change is arriving, slow change is a moving out.
Fast charge is of greatest value as it improves equipment readiness and reduces spares requirements.
Fast charge is preceded by a pre-charge qualification period.
Fast chargers are the best option for professional-quality power tools.
Fast chips are like fast cars.
Fast client pull message refresh .
Most fast collectors have a one or two instruction malloc.
Fast companies know that the people closest to the customers unearth the best ideas.
Some fast companies offer insight.
Fast computers are no longer a problem.
Fast computers save time and money.
Fast connection is recommended.
Fast connections are desirable.
Fast connections help also.
Fast connections take off.
Fast containment minimizes accidents and permits recovery of valuable fluids.
Fast credit is available.
Fast cryptography is critical to promoting confidence in online transactions.
Fast current hitting the side of the boat can tip or roll the boat.
Fast currents can cause drownings.
Fast cuts make whatever is shown appear exciting, dynamic.
Fast cycle completes the cycle in a brief period of time.
Fast cyclists use the road.
Fast delivery is our constant goal.
Fast diets lead to benefits.
Fast diets promote cell regeneration.
Fast diets promote regeneration.
Most fast diets lead to benefits.
Most fast diets promote cell regeneration.
Most fast diets promote regeneration.
FAST docs continues to develop tailored solutions that meet the needs of credit unions and banks.
Fast drop is available, as well as sounds.
Fast drug induced dormancy is referred to as hibernation.
Fast drug takes about two months or sixty days to be eliminated.
Fast efforts have their place.
Fast encoding is a less important goal than fast decoding.
Fast energy is supplied by glucose and slower energy by glucose polymers such as starch.
Fast engine finds any text on the Web.
Fast erection equals fewer weather delays, less site overhead and higher profits.
Fast ethernet is ideal for sending large, complex files such as databases and graphics.
Fast Fact Take part in an online survey of Maryland workforce skills .
Fast Facts Ask for recommendations from neighbors who have used lawn care services.
Fast Facts Check out the facts and figures about Western Australia.
Fast Facts Have realistic expectations.
Fast Facts Look here weekly to see the latest fast facts.
Fast feedback is important.
Fast ferries are under a microscope now.
Fast fibers have short duration twitches and found in fast muscles for rapid, powerful contractions.
Fast fibres are anaerobic and used in sprinting and weightlifting.
Fast fighters are harder to catch and harder to stop.
Fast film creates the image using larger grains of silver than slower films.
Fast film is film which has an emulsion that is very sensitive to light.
Fast film requires less light energy than slow film.
Fast film works better than slow film for low light situations.
Fast films allow a proper exposure with less light.
Fast films are an advantage in poor light or for action photographs requiring fast shutter speeds.
Fast films are grainy, and they usually suffer severe reciprocity failure.
Fast films are useful for the inside of temples and tombs.
Fast films compensate for slow photographers.
Fast films do funny things with contrast though.
Fast films have larger clumps of grain and therefore are more sensitive to light than slow films.
Fast finder Find a course fast.
Fast finger is the way they pick the next player.
Fast fingers follow mind and words glow.
Fast finishers can stay at the table to visit for a few minutes.
Most fast fish can fold their paired fins flat against the body surface.
Fast fishing is very common down here.
Fast flight is a synthetic fibre, used for bowstrings.
Fast fluctuations come randomly.
Fast followers are always too late.
Fast food hamburgers come from cattle.
Fast food hamburgers come from dairy cattle.
Fast food can be nachos, chips, popcorn, fries, burgers, etc.
Fast food can be nutritious.
Fast food can get expensive, and there are lots of pretty picnic sites along all the major routes.
Fast food can mean higher calories, sodium, fat and cholesterol.
Fast food contains amounts.
Fast food continues to be very popular helping to ease the competition for customers.
Fast food continues to get faster and better.
Fast food does just the opposite.
Fast food forays into local breakfast staples bring new dimensions to our morning eating habits.
Fast food gets faster thanks to transponders.
Fast food has amounts.
Fast food has an enormous impact on our economy, our landscape, and our waistlines.
Fast food is a big contributor to total calories, saturated fat, and trans fatty acids.
Fast food is a case in point.
Fast food is a fact of business travel life.
Fast food is a luxury.
Fast food is a part of culture.
Fast food is a part of the diets of billions of people across the world, particularly in America.
Fast food is a real money robber.
Fast food is a typical example of food consumed in a Western pattern diet.
Fast food is a very low context activity.
Fast food is american food.
Fast food is an obvious example.
Fast food is another.
Fast food is available nearby, outside the park.
Fast food is central to urban and suburban sprawl and to the rise of malls as retailing forces.
Fast food is cheap, easy to find, high in fat and sugars and low in nutritional value.
Fast food is cooked fast, served fast and often eaten fast.
Fast food is dandy.
Fast food is delivered fast and consumed fast.
Fast food is easy and convenient to be cooked within a short time.
Fast food is fine at times.
Fast food is first and foremost a problem because it is almost always hypercaloric.
Fast food is food
Fast food is healthy food.
Fast food is increasingly popular in Canada.
Fast food is increasingly popular, and more burger and pizza outlets open each year.
Fast food is inexpensive and convenient and it tastes really good.
Fast food is just disgusting.
Fast food is likely to be of modest nutritional value.
Fast food is loaded with hydro fats.
Fast food is loaded with it, but most chains are making an effort to offer healthy alternatives.
Fast food is located in cars.
Fast food is located in chain restaurants.
Fast food is located in cheap restaurants.
Fast food is next door and pizza and Italian restaurants are in the neighborhood.
Fast food is OK once in a while, but is high in fat and calories.
Fast food is on the go . . .
Fast food is on the rise while home cooking is on the decline.
Fast food is our meals a lot of times between shift work, and football practice, school and games.
Fast food is part of the problem, and some fried fans know they're deluding themselves.
Fast food is quick and convenient.
Fast food is self-centred, slow food nourishes relationships.
Fast food is so ubiquitous that it now seems as American, and harmless, as apple pie.
Fast food is such a big part of American life.
Fast food is supposed to be fast.
Fast food is the most popular food in America.
Fast food is the way of choice, sort of like pulling the car up at the gas pump.
Fast food is used for eating.
Fast food is used for hamburgers.
Fast food is used for lunch.
Fast food is very high in sodium.
Fast food is what the children like.
Fast food is where the world really ought to be.
Fast food kills.
Fast food lacks in whole grains, fruits , and vegetables.
Fast food makes glad gratitude harder.
Fast food means hold the pickles and the chatter.
Fast food provides more fat calories than needed.
Fast food stays open a little longer.
Fast food take out for a quick meal.
Fast food tends to be higher in fat and calories.
Fast Food Try to avoid fast food restaurants as an option for a meal.
Fast foods are a part of the American lifestyle.
Fast foods are generally very high in sodium.
Fast foods are getting fatter, so check nutritional listings periodically.
Fast foods are often very high in salt, as are many other restaurant foods.
Fast foods are very high in salt, as are many other restaurant foods.
Fast foods containing beef, goat, lamb, pork and ham, are rich in saturated fats.
Fast foods have a very high energy density.
Fast foods have a very high fat content with little nutritional value.
Fast foods tend to be served in larger portions.
Most fast food contains a lot of fat.
Most fast food has amounts.
Most fast food restaurants deep-fry their foods, which creates free radicals that damage the body.
Most fast foods are very high in sodium.
Some fast foods can offer a valuable supply of key nutrients and calories.
Fast footwork is done more easily on balls of feet.
Fast fraud franchises rival fast food franchises.
Fast friendships are found in chat rooms and net friends are there to be relied upon.
Fast game play, on-line or against the computer.
Fast games are more interesting and more fun.
Fast glaciers can flow several feet in an hour.
Fast greens require accuracy and a deft touch on each approach shot.
Fast grow native trees provide habitats.
Fast grow trees retain foliage.
Fast grower produces loads of narrow, semi-smooth leaves with mild, sweet flavor.
Fast growers continue to use feed more efficiently than slow growers at any feed level or quality.
Fast growth allows for earlier maturation and shorter total growing time per crop.
Fast growth brings widely spaced circuli.
Fast growth can be a good thing.
Fast growth comes from perserance, dedication and building brand loyalty.
Fast growth comes from perserverance, dedication and building brand loyalty.
Fast growth diminishes the intensity of their flavors.
Fast growth has causes environmental degradation to accelerate in many poor nations.
Fast growth has serious effects on their health and welfare.
Fast growth is a rocky shoreline.
Fast growth is based on an innovative product line .
Fast growth is difficult to manage.
Fast growth makes for unusual politics.
Fast growth means tenderness and good flavor in the beef.
Fast heart eat, breathlessness from incipient Heart changes.
Fast heart rhythms such as ventricular tachycardia .
Fast ice is a type of sea ice that occurs near the coast or in protected bays.
Fast ice is ice that is fastened to the land.
Fast ice makes for fast games.
Fast ignition starts with fresh, high-quality loading components.
Fast ignition uses a precompressed target to lower the energy requirements on the ignition pulses.
Fast info reserves the right to email info about the services it or the parent company provides.
Fast information is the reason a business person uses the Web.
A fast lane is a traffic lane
Fast lane is a self check register for our customer to enjoy.
Fast lenses bring more light to the photograph.
Fast Loading Keep the number of images to a minimum.
Fast loans mean fast commissions to many lenders.
Fast markets can cause considerable slippage on entry and exit.
Fast markets can occur as the stock moves up or down.
Fast Markets can occur as the stock moves up or down.
Fast merchant accounts.
Fast methods are available to law enforcement to obtain infor-mation from the ISPs.
Fast mode is the default mode.
Fast mode speeds up analysis process by initially increasing the temperature of the heating element.
Fast mode transmits more frames per second for smooth, flowing motion.
Fast mode works by continuously reading out one of the four CCDs.
Fast modes are still under construction.
Fast modems make communicating easy.
Fast motion is for timing and ki practices.
Fast movements have good rhythmic vitality, and the slow movements allow for expression.
Some fast movements can take a long time, though, and some slow movements can take a short time.
Fast movers are able to see the windup, and get well out of range before the attack comes.
Fast movers come from false patterns.
Fast neutrons activate carbon and oxygen, among others.
Fast neutrons are indicative of iron and titanium.
Fast neutrons are neutrons.
Fast neutrons are produced by nuclear processes such as nuclear fission .
Fast neutrons are still in use, even if their limitations are now apparent.
Fast neutrons can be very destructive to human tissue.
Fast neutrons open up interesting opportunities for the reprocessing of the irradiated rods.
Fast neutrons pass through everything.
Fast neutrons require a separate type of film.
Fast neutrons turn everything they touch radioactive or busted.
Fast notification means earlier correction to a server problem and that means less lost revenue.
Fast observance is one of the ''five pillars'' of the Muslim faith.
Fast offence is a very good role.
Fast outfielders can run too unrealistically fast and get to most anything.
Fast oxidation produces excess carbon dioxide and thus alkalosis.
Fast packet is an effective way of making best use of available bandwidth.
Fast passages suffer from slow keyboard action.
Fast people skate inside, slow people outside.
Fast pitch continues to use the standard nine players.
Fast Plants are a rapid-cycling form of the species Brassica rapa .
Fast Plants are available in a wide variety of easily recognized phenotypes.
Fast Plants Help Improve Crops.
Fast plants integrates science with math, social studies, and language.
Fast planting makes navigation and spacing easy but lowers per-tree pay.
Fast play can be a killer.
Fast Players Steal three bases with the same player in a single game.
Fast preparation is ideal for stat procedures.
Fast printing is assured by bi-directional, logic seeking printing.
Fast procedure calls.
Fast processing limits potential risk using signature debit cards.
FAST products are available from authorized dealers around the world.
Fast products produce better customer throughput and delight.
FAST professionals serve as backup support.
Fast pronunciation is very different from the dictionary form of the word.
Fast propagation is implemented.
Fast proposal turn around.
Fast reactions are a good short-term adaptive response to media glut.
Fast readers are efficient readers, easily achieving their purposes in reading. .
Fast readers learn to take in words in gulps rather than one at a time.
Fast recovery is critical.
Fast recovery occurs after treatment begins.
Fast removal is key to keeping graffiti from proliferating.
Fast Resources Use the following trick to rapidly enter the cheat codes and get resources quickly.
Fast response ensures user satisfaction.
Fast response is ideal for alarm and control applications.
Fast response is the single most important factor in retaining Web users.
FAST response makes the difference in the survival of the business.
Fast responsiveness is also critical for people browsing the Web or buying online.
Fast results are often a critical factor.
Fast riders value different features than leisure riders.
Fast roads converge on Perth from all directions.
Fast rotations have the advantage that they reduce the number of square roots and multiplications.
Fast rovers can scout ahead and sweep enemies out of open areas.
Fast runs are there for the more advanced enthusiasts.
Fast scopes are good for deep space views, becuase of wide field of view and their light cone.
Fast searches make it easy to look up customer account and invoice history during credit memo entry.
Fast seed is the packets being sent , fill spaces refers to the way the file parts are sent.
Fast service earns customer loyalty.
Fast service Hiring a professional design agency can be a slow and aggravating process.
Fast service is our priority.
Fast shifts mean chirping the tires through three gears, ok maybe two gears.
Fast shutdown is enabled by default.
Fast simulation is especially important for optimization.
Fast simulations are important for similar reasons.
Fast software allows designers to try various design alternatives without spending too much time.
Fast software makes for fast, creative engineering. . .
Fast speeds apply only to downloading.
Fast spill refers to one or more pulses which are extracted in a very short time.
Fast spins are the filled red circles.
Fast starts are normal, and indeed necessary.
Fast starts assure grower of quick row shading for better weed control.
Fast starts use more gasoline than slow ones.
Fast stream is geared to progression into senior civil service.
Fast stuff starts and stops, and goes off in various directions.
Fast swimmers start well, turn well, and swim beautifully.
Some fast swimmers simplify things by just opening their mouths to force water into the gills.
Fast swimming is the cornerstone of the camp.
Fast swingers have fast putts, etc.
Fast systems have both a fast processor and a large memory.
Fast talkers win.
Fast tempos come gradually after all the elements of a piece have been mastered.
Fast tempos require a tight fulcrum because of the speed of the double.
Fast times are possible, though it is quite undulating.
Fast times are unlikely.
Fast times call for fast-moving CEOs.
Fast Tops are available in white, white blockout, and a wide selection of festive colors.
A fast track is an implementation
Fast track dilutes the power of special interests to derail a trade agreement.
Fast track has a record of success.
Fast track is a foreign policy imperative.
Fast track is power.
Fast track is still on hold in the West District.
Fast track is the key that starts the engine.
Fast track negotiating authority is vital for the U.S. economy and for U.S. global leadership.
Fast track serves, overwhelmingly, the national interest.
Fast tracks are means.
Fast tracking is designed to assist in providing a quality service to premium applicants and agents.
Fast traffic using merging lanes spell disaster for cyclists.
Fast trains leave from both north and south at frequent intervals.
Fast trains run every hour .
Fast trains take about an hour.
Fast transitions are perhaps the most common viewing problem.
Fast trawlers have hulls.
Fast trawlers have v hulls.
Most fast trawlers have v hulls.
Fast treatment can save lives or prevent damage that leaves patients seriously debilitated.
Fast treatment is very important.
Fast treatment makes a big difference in outcome for someone having a stroke.
Fast triggers are an invitation to form problems that are hard to resist.
Fast turnaround is a requirement today, and the eCreditCity software makes it possible.
Fast turnaround is assured and quality is guaranteed.
Fast turnaround is one of their competitive advantages.
Fast turnaround is the hallmark of digital aerial photography.
Fast typists can become quick change artists.
Fast versions have the same specification.
Fast walkers can cover each of the single tours described below in four or five days.
Fast water provides streams with valuable oxygen when it gets mixed with the air.
Fast waves develop kink instability.
Fast Web Find free money for college that matches goals of students with backgrounds.
Fast Web Find out about scholarship programs.
Fast Web is a scholarship search on the Internet.
Fast Web is one of the best ways of searching for financial aid information over the web.
Fast web is the largest, free, scholarship database on the Internet and is an excellent source.
FAST Web is the next step in mortgage e-commerce and it is available right now.
Fast Web makes it easy.
Fast Web offers scholarship searches and links to online applications.
FAST WEB Provides a free scholarship search.
Fast website uploads.
Fast Website WORK on individual web site.
Fast withdrawal minimizes cell damage produced by adhesion of the injected cell to the pipette tip.
Fast work is required.
Fast is abstinence
Fast is abstinence.
Fasts are often part of the rituals associated with birth, marriage and death.
Fasts can take many forms.
Fasts have another function.
Some fasts are stricter than others.
Fasta data is available by clicking marked text.
Fasta format is available.
Fastback binding is attractive and affordable.
Fastball has tendency to be straight.
Fastball is a band that can be liked by the masses.
Fastball is average, but curveball and control are exceptional.
Fastball is easy and quick.
Fastball is pitch
Fastball is pitch.
Fastball puts on a live show that's better than most.
Fastball writes catchy rock songs with good hooks.
Fastballs come off the ends of the tip of pitche's second and third digits.
Fastballs develop arm strength by building arm muscles.
Fastbreak membership is free.
Fasten floor drains tightly to keep sewer rats from coming in.
Fasten thread ends securely.
Fastener manufacturers achieve compliance.
A fastener is a constraint
Fastener is free running until prior to seating.
Fastener isa individual.
Fastener isa person.
Fastener isa somebody.
Fastener isa someone.
Fasteners allow adjustment and conversion to cervical pillow.
Fasteners are all readily accessible.
Fasteners are available in galvanized or stainless steel.
Fasteners are custom made case hardened machine screws with scotch grip to ensure they never lossen.
Fasteners are easy to sell over the Internet.
Fasteners are people.
Fasteners are replaceable on a preventative maintenance schedule.
Fasteners are restraint.
Fasteners are stainless steel.
Fasteners are still on order.
Fasteners are the sinews of a modern manufacturing nation.
Fasteners attach building elements to masonry and masonry ties hold masonry to other masonry.
Fasteners based on stiff polymer foam are possible as well.
Fasteners Build with the best.
Fasteners conform to military, aerospace and manufacturer specifications .
Fasteners cover everything from nails to rivets and bolts.
Fasteners eliminate the look of unsightly staples, nails or puttied holes.
Fasteners find applications.
Fasteners have (part) arms.
Fasteners have (part) body substances.
Fasteners have (part) cell membranes.
Fasteners have (part) cells.
Fasteners have (part) corpi.
Fasteners have (part) cytoplasm.
Fasteners have (part) heads.
Fasteners have (part) human bodies.
Fasteners have (part) legs.
Fasteners have (part) material bodies.
Fasteners have (part) necks.
Fasteners have (part) nuclei.
Fasteners have (part) personality.
Fasteners have (part) plasma membranes.
Fasteners have (part) sections.
Fasteners have (part) vacuoles.
Fasteners have strength.
Fasteners hold rope loosely and allow rope to be pulled and adjusted over space.
Fasteners hold the post in place.
Fasteners require holes, grooves, or recesses.
Fasteners secure the sheets at the seam edges.
Fasteners securing the cover plate to the engine head are in place and tight.
All fasteners are brass or silicon bronze.
All fasteners are either brass, bronze or stainless steel.
All fasteners are metric.
All fasteners are new.
All fasteners are non magnetic stainless.
All fasteners are rust resistant for outdoor use.
All fasteners are stainless steel to prevent rusting.
All fasteners are stainless steel to reduce corrosion.
All Fasteners are stainless steel, and the frame, flap, and hinge arms are cast iron.
All fasteners are stainless steel, and the pinion is electroless nickel-coated.
All fasteners are stainless steel.
All fasteners offer optimum holding strength for the chosen substrate.
Many fasteners have caps or covers, and seams are placed out if view.
Most fasteners are a grade five or eight, depending on the application.
Most fasteners are stainless steel.
Most fasteners find applications.
Most fasteners have strength.
Most fasteners have two parts-one part is sewn to the overlap, the other to the underlap.
Some fasteners expose to hydrogen.
Some fasteners have caps.
Some fasteners help market strategies.
Some fasteners help strategies.
Some fasteners offer strategies.
Some fasteners provide clarity.
Some fasteners provide strategies.
Some fasteners reduce cost.
Some fasteners result in injuries.
Some fasteners result in personal injuries.
Faster access means faster fixes, reduced downtime and increased productivity.
Faster approvals reduce carrying costs.
Faster arrows mean flatter flight path to the target and fewer range estimation errors.
Faster assays make good financial sense.
Faster balls are hotter molecules, while the slower balls are cooler molecules.
Faster bullets drift less and slower bullets drift more.
Faster burns are less effective.
Faster cars turn fast and drivers are less likely to see people walking across the street.
Faster cards are more expensive.
Faster chips hit speed bump.
Faster chips require built-in optics.
Faster circuits lead to computers with higher performance.
Faster closings equal higher profits.
Faster communication can mean faster profits.
Faster communication is another reason.
Faster communications expedite the construction process and reduce costs to our customers.
Faster communications produce faster society.
Faster computers allow more sophisticated algorithms to discover patterns in large datasets.
Faster computers can always handle the datastream, as the cards can only go so fast themselves.
Faster computers can use the higher k size.
Faster computers equal more money.
Faster computers make the constant overhead for single messages negligible.
Faster computers play faster.
Faster computers speed the processing and display of incoming Web pages.
Faster computers translate to faster processing, which permits identifying more signal features.
Faster configurations are available.
Faster connections are better for the audio and video.
Faster connections are just around the corner.
Faster connections are preferable for improved quality.
Faster connections are preferable.
Faster connections click here.
Faster connections improve employee performance and can result in higher productivity.
Faster connections improve productivity.
Faster connections make communication easier.
Faster connections save time and boost productivity.
Faster connections shorten download time for graphics, text, and other media.
Faster connections work better.
Faster convergence implies smaller error.
Faster convergence is achieved using postdistorter polynomial functions of two variables.
Faster crossings let more species survive, reproduce, make connections, and take baggage.
Faster currents can contain more sediment.
Faster currents produce dunes.
Faster cycling produces cleaner electrophoresis gels.
Faster database saves.
Faster decomposition is also apparent with an increase in tidal fluctuation.
Faster deliveries are available.
Faster deliveries are possible, but at high additional cost.
Faster delivery is available at an additional charge for most items.
Faster delivery is available for a small additional charge.
Faster delivery is available for an additional charge.
Faster delivery is available on request for an additional change.
Faster desktops are interesting.
Faster development means faster time to market without sacrificing.
Faster discharges mean lower threshold energies as well.
Faster distribution means more selling days for retailers.
Faster drainage means increased stream water speeds leading to erosion.
Faster drives mean better performance as with any multimedia CD-ROM game.
Faster elimination is possible.
Faster equipment helps speed up data transfer.
Faster equipment starts.
Faster extension looks cooler and is easier to fake convincingly.
Faster field work with more accurate measurements.
Faster film is also more grainy.
Faster film is fine, but more expensive.
Faster film reacts quicker to light, therefore it requires less light for proper exposure.
Faster films are more likely to become grainy when enlargements are made.
Faster films tend to be a bit grainy- although they do reduce exposure times.
Faster films tend to be more grainy with poorer colour response than slower films.
Faster films tend to have greater latitude than slower films.
Faster foxtrots turn into Swing and Jitterbug.
Faster gaits take the outside track along the wall.
Faster gates make faster output edges.
Faster growth is good.
Faster growth means higher wages, and higher wages generate more tax revenue to pay benefits.
Faster growth means more opportunities.
Faster growth raises the potential for inflation, which erodes a bond's value.
Faster growth reduces risk.
Faster hardware is cheaper than faster software.
Faster hosts mean more network congestion.
Faster inflation hurts bonds by eroding the value of their fixed payments.
Faster information searches.
Faster interfaces are generally more expensive.
Faster kids take the same route to third.
Faster lines are digital with special equipment at each end.
Faster lines cost more.
Faster living means a glut of information from many sources, their credibility hard to sort.
Faster machines are better.
Faster machines are more expensive.
Faster machines mean higher prices.
Faster memory is still too slow for CPUs.
Faster metabolism means more calories consumed, and usually, weight loss.
Faster methods mean that the plant becomes more efficient and more productive.
Faster modems are usually backward-compatible with all the slower speeds.
Faster modems can also improve viewing quality.
Faster modems do, however, cost more than slow ones.
Faster modems get cheaper every day.
Faster modems give more frames per second.
Faster modems send more information each minute for less cost.
Much faster modems are commercially available and relatively inexpensive.
Faster molecules deliver a bigger recoil kick to the lid when they bounce off.
Faster money means more money and faster money also means more volatility and instability.
Faster movement means faster and additional transactions.
Faster movements require a more sophisticated approach.
Faster music begins.
Faster networks preclude effective real-time analysis of all traffic on large pipes.
Faster networks provide more of a speed improvement.
Faster networks rely on new technologies, like optical fiber.
Faster ones are great for games.
Faster ones are more lightly calcified.
Faster ones crush to dust or explode in the incredible deceleration of the atmosphere.
Faster options are also available.
Faster oscillations are higher in pitch and slower oscillations are lower in pitch.
Faster particles travel from the poles, while slower particles move about the equator.
Faster payment means a faster reimbursement for a physician.
Faster performance is what makes that possible.
Faster plates yield more, smaller volcanoes in a longer chain.
Faster printers are available and are described here .
Faster processing allows faster scan rates and better performance on marginal symbols.
Faster processing is avalable, but requires scheduling.
Faster processing means higher nutritional value and increased aloe solids count.
Faster processing provides superior pipe quality.
Faster processors are nicer, of course, especially as the import process is relatively slow.
Faster processors come on the market with increasing frequency.
Faster processors give even better runtime performance.
Faster reaction means less downtime and higher productivity.
Faster readers understand more.
Faster readings minimize measurement errors caused by movements of the patient's eyes.
Faster recycling occurs during a fire.
Faster removal can reduce health problems caused by carbon monoxide.
Faster response means faster results.
Faster response means less smearing.
Faster response translates into higher average port availability for the same number of ports.
Faster retrieval saves money.
Faster riders are less patient with crowding, slower riders, and artificial surfaces.
Faster riders are welcome to ride ahead, but they won t set the pace.
Faster rotation means smaller bundle of energy.
Faster runners are in a hurry.
Faster runners have the right of way.
Faster sale can saves making additional mortgage payments.
Faster searches use fewer search engines and spend less time qualifying and sorting the returns.
Faster service is available and it costs a little more.
Faster service is available as needed.
Faster service is available at additional cost.
Faster service is available at additional costs.
Faster service is available at an additional charge.
Faster service is available at an additional cost based on weight.
Faster service is available for a nominal charge.
Faster service is available for a premium.
Faster service is available for a surcharge.
Faster service is available for additional cost.
Faster service is available for an additional cost.
Faster service is available on request.
Faster service is available upon request.
Faster service is available.
Faster service is extra when shipped together with the motherboard.
Faster service is important in every phase of restoration.
Faster service is subject to an additional fee.
Faster service roll out that provides faster access to revenue.
Faster services are available at extra cost.
Faster services are available on request.
Faster shipping is also available at extra cost.
Faster shipping is available at a modest cost.
Faster shipping is available at an additional charge.
Faster shipping is available at an extra charge.
Faster shipping is available at extra cost.
Faster shipping is available for an additional charge.
Faster shipping is available for an additional cost.
Faster shipping is available for an additional fee.
Faster shipping is available for an extra cost.
Faster shipping is available for more money.
Faster shipping is available, just ask.
Faster shipping is available.
Faster shipping is availble if requested.
Faster shutters are able to transmit larger amounts of data.
Faster speech can indicate expertise and thus inspire confidence.
Faster speed is an urgent priority and work is underway to provide a faster Web client.
Faster speed is great.
Faster speeds are available.
Faster speeds are desirable.
Faster speeds are less forgiving.
Faster speeds are more suited at taking pictures in duller conditions.
Faster speeds bring less handling.
Faster speeds build up heat in the tire, causing the casing to break down sooner.
Faster speeds enable on-demand video to the desktop and broadcast video.
Faster speeds require longer dryers.
Faster speeds result in deadlier and more destructive accidents.
Faster speeds result in seed injury and uneven stands.
Faster speeds tend to reduce response time, as does increased sensitivity.
Faster students can rush to advanced materials, wasting no time being bored.
Faster students help slow students instead of moving ahead.
Faster swimmers go first.
Faster test is developed for West Nile disease.
Faster testing is also available.
Faster times are available if needed.
Faster times are negotiable.
Faster times mean more college attention and opportunities for scholarships.
Faster traffic is responsible for yielding to slower and on-coming traffic.
Faster traffic is responsible for yielding to slower or oncoming traffic.
Faster transactions result in cost savings, reduced paperwork and better inventory controls.
Faster transmission begets greater discovery.
Faster transmissions are more expensive, both for the equipment and the phone lines.
Faster treatment means a better outlook for both patient and taxpayer.
Faster treatment means better results for the patient.
Faster turnaround can cost a lot more per slide.
Faster turnaround is available, when required.
Faster turnaround is available.
Faster turnaround makes prototyping and production equally efficient.
Faster turnaround means improved cash flow and a more profitable practice.
Faster turnaround means more jobs completed in less time.
Faster turnarounds mean fewer ships in the area.
Faster updates are now available.
Faster users yield to slower users.
Faster versions are in the works, as is a protocol for doing disks across it.
Faster vibrations make higher-frequency sounds.
Faster water sees sporadic hatches throughout the day with evening peaks.
Faster waves are indicative of being calm, alert, focused and thinking intensely.
Faster waves cover more distance in the same period of time.
Faster winds create more lift and thus more power.
Faster winds exist at higher altitudes in the atmosphere.
Faster workflows are possible through electronic rather than hardcopy review and routing.
Fastest method is to sweep net just over the substrate and through the vegetation.
Fastest riding is on the left side of the road.
Fastest swimming is associated with quick release of water from the funnel.
Fastest team wins the heat, followed by eliminations for final winners.
Fastest team wins.
Fastest time breaks the tie.
Fastest time determines winner.
Fastest time wins , or most stones loaded wins.
Fastest time wins the money.
Fastest time wins.
Fastest trail is to the left side on top, facing the lift.
Many fastidious people hide their scruples, because they want to be amused.
Fasting causes death.
Fasting causes hunger.
Fastweb website provides free scholarship and jobs search.
Fat absorption is a very complex process.
Fat accumulation can appear around the stomach area.
Fat accumulation is evidence of the failure of kidney yang to dominate water metabolism.
Fat activists suggest that making women afraid to be fat is a form of social control.
Fat adaptation is believed to improve efficiency of energy utilization in performance animals.
Fat additions increase digestibility of meat and bone meal.
Many fat adults have a lifelong history of dieting themselves into their current size.
Fat analog sounds.
Fat animals are at high risk of laminitis.
Fat animals are usually over fed and under exercised.
Fat applications contain native code for both platforms.
Fat babies have two main potential problems.
Fat birds get lazy and stop producing.
Fat birds have a better chance of surviving a storm.
Fat blockers help to stop fat storage.
Fat boy meets fat girl, oral sex at first sight and it ends up with impeachment.
Fat breakdown leads to formation of ketones which can cause acidosis.
Fat brushes deposit more mascara onto lashes and are made to thicken lashes in one stroke.
Fat burners are a tool only to be used sparingly.
Fat burners are herbal supplements.
Fat calories add up quickly.
Fat calories are more dense than other calories.
Fat calories are usually empty.
A fat cat is a person
Fat cats are at risk for health problems.
Fat cats can give unlimited amounts to political parties to spend on candidates as they wish.
Fat cats have a much shorter life expectancy.
Fat cats remain untamed.
Fat cattle apply damp muzzles to upholstered rye.
Fat cattle sale every second wednesday, with regular store sale through the year.
A fat cell is a vegetative cell
Fat cells are animal cells.
Fat cells are constantly present in bone marrow.
Fat cells are examples of specialized cells.
Fat cells are plentiful and easy to get to.
Fat cells are present, large and empty of fat in embedded sections.
Fat cells are somatic cells.
Fat cells are the body's equivalent of a piggy bank.
Fat cells are very delicate but many survive the liposuction process.
Fat cells are very efficient about storing fat, but have to be coaxed into letting it go.
Fat cells develop in tissue grown from preadipocyte cells.
Fat cells feast on sugar alcohol and other alchemic surplus clouded by a mushroom.
Fat cells function as energy reservoirs.
Fat cells have a large capacity to increase in size by storing more fat per cell.
Fat cells have an almost unlimited storage capacity.
Fat cells insulate the body from cold and can help protect it from injury.
Fat cells lie beneath the skin in virtually all body areas.
Fat cells lie beneath the skin throughout the body accumulate in greater amounts in certain areas.
Fat cells make leptin, and in general, obese people have more leptin in their bloodstreams.
Fat cells manufacture estrogen.
Fat cells produce a substance that makes the other cells in the body resistant to insulin.
Fat cells produce estrogen, which lowers the risk of osteoporosis after menopause.
Fat cells produce estrogen.
Fat cells release fats into blood as alternative fuel.
Fat cells release high density lipoproteins when called upon to do so.
Fat cells respond by giving up their little lives as they are burned for energy.
Fat cells retain estrogen which helps maintain the calcium in the bones.
Fat cells seem to increase in number during childhood development.
Fat cells take in the fat.
Fat cells tend to convert testosterone to estrogen, exacerbating any existing deficiency.
Every fat cell makes estrogen.
More fat cells produce more estrogen.
Most fat cells are in the trunk and limbs.
Some fat cells are in place to help keep the eyes warm.
Fat chicks are ugly every guy knows that.
Fat children are often more short of breath and are prone to respiratory tract infections.
Fat children grow as fat adults.
Fat children suffer many indignities within the school system.
Fat children tend to become fat adults.
Fat churches spend most of what they collect on themselves.
Fat City is a popular choice.
Fat City is a video about how it feels to be learning disabled.
Fat City is all right.
Fat City offers many articles about and nutrition frauds.
Fat client can do almost anything but toast corn muffins.
Fat clients are a managed PC solution that appear to offer a real solution.
Fat clients are also relatively expensive, whereas thin clients are relatively inexpensive.
Fat clients are clients.
Fat clients do all the work locally.
Fat clients do prolific processing.
Fat clients require fat budgets.
Fat code is filled with unnecessary tags and information.
Fat code sucks.
Fat color is determined by a single gene in sheep, and white fat is dominant to yellow fat.
Fat consumption is higher.
Fat content can also prove important.
Fat content decreases after six months, as infants receive necessary fat from food sources.
Fat content depends on the season and on the fish's size, age, and sex.
Fat content is also necessary for label claims and light confectionery.
Fat content is also to be monitored.
Fat content varies greatly among species and fluctuates seasonally within species.
Fat contracts keep most players in shape over the winter.
Fat cover acts as an insulator and provides energy reserves during stress.
Fat cover is thick and spongy and patchiness is likely.
Fat cover is thick and spongy with patchiness likely.
Fat cover is thick and spongy.
Fat covering is thick an patchy, very spongy.
Fat cows are prone to more metabolic problems and lower production.
Fat crayons are easier for little hands.
Fat crayons are good to begin with.
Fat curve is the so-called production possibility curve.
Fat deer can withstand more severe wintering conditions than lean deer.
Fat deposits accumulate just prior to migration and provide energy for the long flight.
Fat deposits are stored under their skin, as in most bird species.
Fat deposits begin to form around withers, behind shoulders and along the neck.
Fat deposits form along inner hip and gaskin.
Fat deposits push the cytoplasm and nucleus to the edge of the cell.
Fat deposition is obvious and prominent.
Some fat deposition requires energy.
Fat diets consist of fresh fruit.
Fat diets consist of fruit.
Fat diets consist of intake.
Fat diets contain fruit.
Fat diets decrease intake.
Fat diets help weight.
Fat diets lead to diseases.
Fat diets lead to heart diseases.
Fat diets prevent diseases.
Fat diets prevent heart diseases.
Most fat diets consist of fresh fruit.
Most fat diets consist of fruit.
Most fat diets consist of intake.
Most fat diets contain fruit.
Most fat diets help weight.
Most fat diets lead to diseases.
Most fat diets lead to heart diseases.
Most fat diets prevent diseases.
Most fat diets prevent heart diseases.
Some fat diets affect expression.
Some fat diets cause death.
Some fat diets cause diseases.
Some fat diets cause heart diseases.
Some fat diets consist of grain.
Some fat diets consist of whole grain.
Some fat diets contain coconut oil.
Some fat diets contain diets.
Some fat diets contain oil.
Some fat diets contain plenty.
Some fat diets contribute to health problems.
Some fat diets contribute to problems.
Some fat diets help shapes.
Some fat diets lead to obesity.
Some fat diets offer advantage.
Some fat diets reduce blood levels.
Some fat diets reduce levels.
Some fat diets reduce testosterone levels.
Fat digestion begins and ends here .
Fat digestion begins and ends here.
Fat digestion can only occur at the surface of fat globules.
Fat digestion is aided by enzymes called lipases , also produced by the pancreas.
Fat digestion is inhibited with aging.
Fat digestion occurs by pancreatic lipase in small intestine.
Fat distribution can influence a person's risk of disease.
Fat distribution is determined by two factors, namely heredity and diet.
Fat distribution is different also in women and men.
Fat doubles are sources with diffuse lobes but neither jets nor hotspots.
Fat dragon jumps up and down.
Fat dragon stands on the flag stand in the light, glowing.
Fat droplets accumulate in the pineal with age.
Fat droplets form.
Some fat droplets lose their birefringent characteristics.
Fat embolism is a clinical diagnosis.
Fat embolism is embolism
Fat energy is the basis for the ketogenic diet.
Fat enzyme makes promising target for weight loss drugs.
Fat fetishism is sexual attraction to overweight or obese people.
Fat files are difficult to handle and invite lost documents.
Fat fish can tolderate dryer cooking methods such as broiling or baking.
Fat fish includes varieties such as mullet, mackerel, trout, tuna and salmon.
Fat food includes grain.
Fat food includes whole grain.
Fat food produces effects.
Fat food produces same effects.
Most fat food includes grain.
Most fat food includes whole grain.
Most fat food produces effects.
Most fat food produces same effects.
Fat gain requires more feed than growth gain.
Fat girls have more skin to love and more love to give.
Fat grams contain nine calories, but carbohydrate grams contain only four calories.
Every fat gram provides double the calories of a gram of protein or carbohydrate.
Fat graphics are the leading cause of long download times.
Fat graphics are the leading cause of slow Web pages.
Fat guy says eat up and shut up .
Fat guys are just like tar babies.
Fat guys are strong, sexy and happy.
Fat guys are strong.
Fat guys kick ass.
Fat guys make some darn tasty ramen.
Fat guys sit around and eat whatever they want.
Fat guys sleeping are funny.
Fat harp sounds, too.
Fat heiress falls in love, plans marriage.
Fat hogs are the result of selective breeding to produce more lard.
Fat horses doing a set routine are more stressed than the same horses in proper body condition.
Fat horses have more problems getting rid of body heat produced by performance.
Fat hydrolysis is very active in the stomach.
Fat industry is represented by one industrial subject.
Fat ingestion seems to stimulate the appearance of the intestinal isoenzyme in the serum.
Fat injection is another similar method.
Fat injection is very safe.
Fat injections are an alternative to collagen.
Fat intake causes obesity.
Most fat intake causes obesity.
Some fat intake promotes development.
Some fat intake reduces chances.
Fat kid watches girls on the beach with a telescope.
Fat kids get teams.
Many fat kids say adults, including teachers and parents, join in.
Most fat kids get teams.
Fat lambs are also an important regional product.
Fat lambs produce fine wool.
Fat lambs produce wool.
Most fat lambs produce fine wool.
Most fat lambs produce wool.
Fat levels tend to be lower during spawning or reproduction, and when food is less plentiful.
Fat loss happens in pretty much a predetermined order.
Fat loss is much more subtle and slow.
Fat loss is the real indicator for a true measure of weight loss.
Fat loss requires a long-term commitment to eating right and leading a healthy, active lifestyle.
Fat malabsorption develops in about one fifth of patients.
Fat malabsorption has the potential to impair intestinal calcium absorption.
Fat mares have trouble foaling.
Fat meals contain sugar.
Most fat meals contain sugar.
Fat metabolism is a biological process
Fat metabolism is one of the cornerstones of superior health.
Fat metabolism produces ketoacids, which causes acidosis.
Fat milk provides proteins.
Most fat milk provides proteins.
Some fat milk contains magnesium.
Some fat milk has proteins.
Fat mobilization produces free glycerol.
Fat molecules are a rich source of energy for the body and help the body absorb vitamins.
Fat molecules are a rich source of energy for the body.
Fat molecules are stored in adipose tissues in teh form of triglycerides.
Fat necrosis can occur when breast tissue becomes injured or bruised.
Fat necrosis occurs most frequently in women with pendulous breasts.
Fat neighbor appears.
Fat oppression is spawned out of people's fear of fat.
Fat oxidation can be a serious problem if the fish is to be frozen or stored for very long.
Fat oxidation is measured chemically in terms of peroxide concentration and carbonyl compounds.
Fat oxidation results in the development of unsavory warmed-over flavor.
Fat pages are our cross-platform file format.
Fat pages are the new cross-platform file format.
Fat paunches have lean pates.
Fat people are another group whose problems regularly get inaccurately labeled by others.
Fat people are anxiety ridden and handle their anxiety through overeating.
Fat people are disgusting.
Fat people are fat because they have no self-discipline and they eat too much without exercising.
Fat people are fat.
Fat people are funny.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
Fat people are harder to kidnapp.
Fat people are jolly.
Fat people are lazy, emotionally unstable, and unhappy.
Fat people are lazy.
Fat people are messy, have no willpower, and are jolly but lazy.
Fat people are more common with the older generation.
Fat people are out of control.
Fat people are quick to seize on any excuse for their obesity other than their own self-indulgence.
Fat people are still the butt of jokes by many professional comics and cartoonists.
Fat people are the last group against which people can discriminate with total social sanction.
Fat people are the last minority openly discriminated against without apology.
Fat people are unhealthy.
Fat people are up in arms.
Fat people can drink a lot.
Fat people can survive starvation longer than thin people.
Fat people cool slower than thin people.
Fat people cool slower that thin people.
Fat people desire eats.
Fat people eat accumulates.
Fat people eat more than thin people.
Fat people eat too much.
Fat people experience hatred and discrimination.
Fat people face accessibility issues daily.
Fat people go to church and pay their taxes.
Fat people have emotional problems.
Fat people have low self-esteem.
Fat people like to wear jumpsuits or muumuus because they are easier to get dressed.
Fat people pay more tax.
Fat people rejoice, gamers who like games, well, play through, it picks up eventually.
Fat people start shivering at lower skin temperatures and it takes longer for shivering to start.
All fat people are unhealthy.
All fat people eat more food or take in more calories than thin people.
A fat person is a person
Fat person has sex with thin person, accidentally crushing thin person to death during sex.
Fat pigs can develop many health problems.
Some fat pigeons have meat.
Fat pine is rich in resin.
Fat prejudice begins in childhood.
Fat protrusion shows as medium regular reflective solid lesion.
Fat quality is far more important than fat quantity.
Fat raindrops stir the dust in the long driveway leading back to the main road.
Fat rats freeze faster then lean rats because they have a reduced thermogenic ability.
Fat ratings mean fat ad revenue.
Fat reduction is usually within the capabilities of most overweight but otherwise healthy people.
Fat replacements give food the flavor and texture of being high-fat without the extra calories.
Fat replacements work especially well in muffin, bread, cake and chocolate recipes.
Fat reserves provide the animals with energy during hibernation.
Fat restriction is deemphasized.
Fat restriction is the most important component of dietary management of gallbladder disease.
Fat riders are fine, though.
Fat sand rats have burrows.
Fat separators work by allowing the hot gravy and fat mixture to cool a bit.
Fat sex is the best.
Fat skis are available to all of our guests at no charge.
Fat skis are easier to ski than the traditional slalom or giant slalom ski.
Fat skis can carve medium to long radius turns well in soft conditions.
Fat skis can climb better with fat skins.
Fat skis come in a variety of widths, side cuts, and stiffness.
Fat sources are generally easy to find.
Fat sources Evaluate how much fat is provided by vegetable, animal, and bypass sources.
Fat soybeans contain proteins.
Fat soybeans contain quality plant proteins.
Most fat soybeans contain proteins.
Most fat soybeans contain quality plant proteins.
Fat spaces are no longer visible and secondary to proliferation of neoplastic cells.
Fat stalks are often more tender, perfect for a main course vegetable.
Fat storage is also more evenly distributed.
Fat storage is important for outdoor pond fish so they can survive the colder winter months.
Fat storage is the secret to the body s survival.
Fat stores are the largest storage source of energy.
Fat stores become the body's molecular pantry.
Fat stores can move to face and back.
Fat stores increase and release leptin, which acts on the hypothalamus.
Fat stores provide energy when meals are hard to come by or are few and far between.
Fat substitutes are the most fatlike fat replacers.
Fat supplements are a more concentrated source of calories, allowing less grain, more hay.
Most fat supplements contain long chain fatty acids.
Fat suppression improves the contrast between enhancing extradural tumors and surrounding tissues.
Fat suppression makes the identification of lipomas simple.
Fat swine is the only animal carcass that burns satisfactorily.
Some fat tails have a beautiful white stripe that runs down their back.
Fat tests are down.
Fat tires provide both shock absorption and superior traction on road and off.
Fat tissue contains virtually now water.
Fat tissue has a limited capacity to absorb alcohol.
Fat tissue is relatively inactive metabolically.
Fat tissue is removed from the patient after sterile conditions have been established.
Fat tissue is the body's preferred choice.
Fat tissue s purpose is to store calories.
Fat transfer can be helpful in such cases.
Fat transfer can be permanent.
Fat transfer can provide beautiful, natural-looking results.
Fat transfer has slightly greater risks than collagen, but is also very helpful.
Fat transplants can help.
Fat triangles determine linearly many holes.
Fat weight includes the fat stored in the fat cells and the organs of the body.
Fat weight takes days to weeks to change noticeably.
Fat wire has advantages in lowering the Q of the antenna.
Fat women are like turtles, helpless if knocked onto their back.
Fat women are located in operas.
Fat women are real women.
Fat women are round and cuddly.
Fat women are the best especialy if they're naked.
Fat women encounter daily hostility and discrimination.
Fat women have MORE to offer.
Fat wrap grips for enhanced cushioning.
Fat is a molecule
Fat is an organic compound
Fat is fat.
Fat is lipids.
Fat is nutrients.
Fats actually heat up faster than water.
Fats add flavor, juiciness, and appetite appeal to food.
Fats also add flavor to foods.
Fats also are very important energy sources.
Fats also come in various forms.
Fats also contribute to the flakiness of pastry by separating the dough into layers.
Fats also delay pangs of hunger because a food mixture containing fat remains longer in the stomach.
Fats also help keep doughs and batters from separating and falling.
Fats also help the body produce energy.
Fats also help the body use carbohydrates and proteins more efficiently.
Fats also help to prevent the formation of excess gluten .
Fats also insulate and protect the body and many internal organs.
Fats also play an important role in prepared foods.
Fats also play an important role in transporting certain essential vitamins throughout the body.
Fats also play in important role in food preparation.
Fats also produce ketones, which reduce hunger even more.
Fats also protects, fuels, lubricates and acts as a catalyst for protein and mineral utilization.
Fats also provide essential fatty acids.
Fats also reduces the rate of emptying.
Fats also serve as a raw material in the manufacture of soap .
Fats also serve as a raw material in the manufacture of soap.
Fats also tend to stiffen the cells because they form a semisolid mixture with water.
Fats are a dense source of calories.
Fats are a good example of hydrophobic forces at work.
Fats are a group of chemical compounds that contain fatty acids.
Fats are a highly concentrated source of energy.
Fats are a major source of fuel for the heart muscle.
Fats are a natural oily or greasy material present in animals as a form of energy storage.
Fats are a particular problem.
Fats are a source of energy to the lean person.
Fats are a source of energy.
Fats are a type of nutrient.
Fats are a vital nutrient in a healthy diet.
Fats are absorbed from the intestine by the lacteals and eventually placed in the blood stream.
Fats are abundant in meat and dairy products.
Fats are acidic even before oxidation.
Fats are also a good source of energy and fatty acids.
Fats are also a source of energy.
Fats are also an important energy source.
Fats are also less stable than carbohydrates.
Fats are also necessary for the absorption of certain vitamins.
Fats are also sources of essential fatty acids , an important dietary requirement.
Fats are also sources of essential fatty acids, an important dietary requirement.
Fats are also structurally crucial, and are a great source of energy.
Fats are an essential component of cellular function.
Fats are an essential part of life.
Fats are an essential part of our bodies and nutrition .
Fats are an important energy source and are needed for growth.
Fats are an important energy source.
Fats are another matter entirely.
Fats are another vastly misunderstood and quite important nutrient.
Fats are bad.
Fats are broken down in the body to give carbohydrates and water.
Fats are carriers for fat-soluble vitamins.
Fats are catabolised by hydrolysis to free fatty acids and glycerol.
FATS are cell inclusions found in fat cells.
Fats are classified as unsaturated or saturated based on their chemical structure.
Fats are concentrated forms of energy.
Fats are energy-containing nutrients composed of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Fats are essential in the structure of cells and are needed for the production of some hormones.
Fats are essential to bodily function.
Fats are essential to make lipo-protein components of many body secretions and membranes.
Fats are essential.
Fats are essentials for our health.
Fats are esters formed from glycerol and fatty acids.
Fats are excellent fuels because they are rich in hydrogens with high energy electrons.
Fats are for hormone production and a healthy nervous system.
Fats are glyceryl triesters of fatty acids.
Fats are good foods for fish, having a high energy content and being almost completely digestible.
Fats are greasy and slick.
Fats are highly concentrated sources of energy.
Fats are highly digestible, very palatable, and are an energy dense nutritional ingredient.
Fats are hydrophobic because they feature long chains consisting only of carbon and hydrogen.
Fats are important components of cell membranes.
Fats are important for the absorption of vitamin A and -carotene in the diet.
Fats are important in the body as well as in food.
Fats are important ingredients in many foods because of their functional properties.
Fats are important molecules for storing energy.
Fats are important sources of energy.
Fats are important when the weather is cold and damp.
Fats are insoluble in water.
Fats are less efficient than glucose.
Fats are lipids that are solid at room temps.
Fats are lipids which are a source of energy.
Fats are made from lipid molecules .
Fats are made from lipid molecules.
Fats are mixed with bile salts that break the large globules into smaller ones.
Fats are mixtures of different fatty acids.
Fats are molecules that have a fatty acid moiety.
Fats are necessary to keep skin soft and supple.
Fats are no concern.
Fats are nonpolar and hydrophobic, and thus are neither soluble nor miscible in water.
Fats are often also present in the urine.
Fats are one of the biggest killers of the American people and contribute to many fatal diseases.
Fats are only one kind of lipid.
Fats are our most concentrated source of energy.
Fats are polymers of fatty acids and glycerol, formed by dehydrationsynthesis reactions.
Fats are polymorphic, that is, they are capable of forming several different types of crystals.
Fats are sedative to the endocrine system.
Fats are similar to proteins in that they are made up of subunits called fatty acids.
Fats are sneaky.
Fats are solid at room temperature and oils are liquid.
Fats are solid at room temperature, oils are liquid at room temperature.
Fats are solid at room temperature, while oils are fluid.
Fats are solid at room termperature, while oils are iquid.
Fats are solids at room temperature and are usually saturated.
Fats are stored and some of the glucose is converted to glyco- gen and stored.
Fats are stored in various places as reserve supplies of energy.
Fats are substances that are used by the body as long-lasting sources of energy.
Fats are the best sources of energy for the human body.
Fats are the foundation of every cell membrane in our bodies.
Fats are the major form in which the body stores energy.
Fats are the major source of energy for sperm movement.
Fats are the most abundant group of lipids in the biological world.
Fats are the most calorie dense nutrient.
Fats are the most concentrated source of energy in the body.
Fats are the most concentrated source of food energy available.
Fats are the most concentrated source of food energy, providing nine calories per gram.
Fats are the most concentrated source of food energy, supplying nine calories per from.
Fats are the most controversial item of our dietary balance.
Fats are the most economical way for the body to store food for later energy use.
Fats are the next important part of our food.
Fats are the primary substances of adipose tissue.
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol .
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol.
Fats are triglyceride s, made of assorted fatty acid monomers bound to glycerol backbone.
Fats are tryglycerides of fatty acids and glycerol.
Fats are used in the plant almost exclusively as sources of energy and very little for construction.
Fats are very heat sensitive.
Fats are what gives foods their many flavors, aromas and textures.
Fats become more liquid with heat.
Fats belong to a class of chemical compounds called triglycerides.
Fats belong to a group of substances called lipids.
Fats boost the production of bile acids, which promote rapid cell growth.
Fats break down slowly and greatly increase the time require before the compost can be used.
Fats can be important E source in some omnivores and many carnivores.
Fats can be oils like olive oil and corn oil as well as solids like grease, lard and butter.
Fats can come from animals, plants or be made synthetically in the laboratory.
Fats can promote the uptake of many chemical carcinogens.
Fats cause obesity and put unnecessary stress on the cardiovascular system.
Fats combine with oxygen easily to develop strange flavors and odors.
Fats come from a variety of foods such as meat, nuts, oils, and some dairy products.
Fats come in different varieties.
Fats come in liquid or solid form.
Fats come in liquid or solidform.
Fats come in two different forms saturated and unsaturated.
Fats consist almost exclusively of carbon and hydrogen.
Fats consist of a glycerin molecule with three fatty acids attached.
Fats consist of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Fats consist of two major components.
Fats contain a far higher proportion of carbon than starch or any other carbohydrate.
Fats contain a glycerol and fatty acids off of that.
Fats contain a loss of oxygen and more hydrogen than carbohydrates.
Fats contain about twice as many calories per gram as protein or carbohydrate foods.
Fats contain fatty acids.
Fats contain glycerol and fatty acids.
Fats contain more than twice as many calories per gram than do protein or carbohydrates.
Fats contain more than twice the number of calories as carbohydrates and proteins.
Fats contain nothing but fat.
Fats contain twice as many calories as carbohydrates.
Fats contain twice as much heat energy as carbohydrates or proteins.
Fats containing a high proportion of saturated fatty acids are solid at room temperature.
Fats contribute aroma and flavor.
Fats contribute important taste and textural qualities that are part of enjoying food.
Fats currently resides in New Orleans.
Fats deliver about twice the caloric value of either carbs or proteins.
Fats deteriorate in nutritive value when subjected to prolonged heat combined with exposure to air.
Fats do play a vital role in a balanced diet.
Fats drain off to one side and are easily poured away at the spout.
Fats follow a route based on their lipid chemistry.
Fats form a layer under the skin, which helps in hermoregulation of the body.
Fats give considerable amount of energy to the body.
Fats give energy.
Fats have a number of important functions in the body.
Fats have a relatively high calorie content per gram and certain fats are linked to heart disease.
Fats have an important place in the diet, offering fat-soluble vitamins and essential fatty acids.
Fats have an important role to play in nutritional health.
Fats have at least twice the energy ,storing capacity per unit weight as carbohydrates do.
Fats have higher energy value.
Fats have many calories.
Fats have many important functions.
Fats have more than twice the calories that carbohydrates have on an equal weight basis.
Fats have over twice as many calories as protein or carbohydrate of a given weight.
Fats have profound sensory impact on palatability of foods.
Fats have several benefits in lean persons.
Fats have the highest calorie value per fram.
Fats have three important roles in a pet's diet.
Fats have twice the numbers of calories as carbohydrates and protein.
Fats help create a fluffy pastry and moist taste.
Fats help in the circulation of important fatty acids within the body.
Fats help the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins, such as vitamin A and B vitamins.
Fats help the body stockpile certain nutrients as well.
Fats help the body use some vitamins and keep the skin healthy.
Fats help to move vitamins to various parts of the body and help in cell and hormone production.
Fats Hold in air bubbles which creates texture and volume.
Fats improve the taste and texture of foods and provide a feeling of fullness.
Fats Includes all vegetable oils and margarine.
Fats increase cholesterol.
Fats increase the amount of estrogen in the blood.
Fats increase the palatability and satiety value of the food.
Fats insulate the body from the cold and protect our bones against fractures from falls.
Fats keep foods from sticking to the cooking pan, and they transfer heat from the pan to the food.
Fats lubricate and oil the body.
Fats melt at body temperature.
Fats normally contain saturated chains.
Fats occur in butter, cream, oils, meats, seeds, and nuts.
Fats offer the most calories per serving.
Fats offer the most energy per serving.
Fats originate from two main sources, animals and plants.
Fats pack nine calories per gram compared to four for carbohydrates.
Fats pass from the epithelial cells to the small lymph vessel that also runs through the villus.
Fats play a major role in food taste and texture.
Fats play a positive role.
Fats play a pretty heavy role in most survival kits.
Fats play a vital role in the taste, texture and appearance of foods.
Fats play an important role in both nutrition and food preparation.
Fats play many important roles in the body.
Fats play other roles as well.
Fats produce more that twice the amount of energy that is in carbohydrates or proteins.
Fats produce the least amount of carbon dioxide along with proteins.
Fats provide a source of energy.
FATS provide energy and are carriers of fat-soluble vitamins.
Fats provide energy, aid digestion and the use of some vitamins.
Fats provide nine calories per gram.
Fats provide the body insulation and protection for internal organs.
Fats provide the body with a reserve of energy.
Fats provide the dog with quick energy.
Fats provide the largest source of energy.
Fats provide twice as many calories as the same weight of carbohydrates or proteins.
Fats Provides energy and helps the body to absorb many nutrients.
Fats seem to be the ingredient that help foods taste better, keep longer and even look prettier.
Fats separate the starch granules in flour.
Fats serve a variety of functions in foods.
Fats serve a vital function in a healthy diet.
Fats serve as a concentrated source of energy for muscular work.
Fats serve as a storage form of energy.
Fats serve as fuel to meet the increased energy demands of trained athletes.
Fats serve many functions in the body.
Fats serve many functions.
Fats serve vital roles in the human body.
Fats slow down digestion and create a longer lasting feeling of fullness.
Fats slow down the digestion of carbs and keep the insulin levels in the body low.
Fats slow down the digestive tract, gumming up the works in an already irregular system.
Fats strengthen, cleanse and protect all body systems.
Fats supply a lot of calories, more than any other food group, and very few nutrients.
Fats supply energy and essential fatty acids and promote the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins.
Fats supply the body with energy.
Fats tend to be solid at room temperature whilst oils are liquid.
Fats tend to give a longer feeling of fullness after being consumed because they are slow to digest.
Fats tend to separate in homemade gravies, stews and sauces but usually recombine when heated.
Fats tend to separate in homemade gravies, stews, and sauces, but usually recombine when heated.
Fats tenderize the cake, softening and moderating the structure, and enhance flavor.
Fats too are complex molecules made up of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
Fats Use in normal amounts.
Fats vary according to the quality of the ice cream.
Fats work for the long haul and are best eaten early in the day and late in the day.
Fats yield much higher energy per unit mass than carbohydrates.
All fat is bad.
All fats are a combination of saturated, polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids.
All fats are a mixture of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids.
All fats are combinations of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids.
All fats are derivatives of fatty acids and glycerol .
All fats are high in calories, so use moderation.
All fats are liquid when present in living tissues.
All fats are made of chemicals known as fatty acids.
All fats are made up of saturated and unsaturated fatty acids.
All fats are molecules composed primarily of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
All fats contain about the same number of calories teaspoon for teaspoon.
All fats contain both saturated and unsaturated fats.
All fats contain both saturated and unsaturated fatty acids.
All fats contain carbon, hydrogen and a little oxygen to form fatty acids.
All fats contain glycerol but differ in the kind of fatty acid combined with the glycerol.
All fats contain the same amount of calories.
All fats have lots of calories.
All fats oxidize but the more unsaturated, the faster the rate.
More fat is burned because the body can use it as fuel.
More fat is burned for a longer period of time by working out anaerobically.
More fat is coated on the surface of the chips due to greater surface area.
More fat is used as fuel because the liver is free to metabolize stored fat.
Most fat is burned after the training session.
Most fat is stored in fat cells until extra energy is needed by the body.
Most fat is stored in the body in the form of triglycerides.
Most fats ingested are triglycerides i.e. three fatty acid chains connected to a glycerol molecule.
Some fat is essential for satiety as well as for the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins.
Some fat is essential.
Some fat is fine, but avoid excessive amounts.
Some fat is good and necessary, but there are problems associated with a diet high in fat.
Some fat is necessary for good health.
Some fat is necessary.
Some fat is needed for good health.
Some fat is needed for health.
Some fat is needed in the diet for proper growth and maintenance of a healthy body.
Some fat is needed in the diet.
Some fat is present in nearly all foods.
Some fat is required in the diet.
Some fat is stored in the liver.
Some fat needs to be present for the beneficial element, lycopene, to be absorbed.
Some fats are better than others.
Some fats are compounds of two or more differ- ent fatty acids combined with glycerol.
Some fats are essential for cell function.
Some fats are found in foods from plants and animals and are known as dietary fat.
Some fats are hard and others are soft.
Some fats are more harmful to our cholesterol levels than others.
Some fats are more likely to cause heart disease than others.
Some fats are more likely to cause heart disease.
Some fats are naturally high in some types of fatty acids and low in others.
Some fats are necessary in our diet.
Some fats are susceptible to production of free radicals or toxic molecules that damage cells.
Some fats are susceptible to production of free radicals, toxic molecules that damage cells.
Some fats can become cancer-causing when cooked.
Some fats come from animals , others come from plants .
Some fats come from animals, others come from plants.
Some fats get a bad rap, and deservedly so.
Some fats help form cell membranes and hormones.
Some fats protect, others pose a danger.
FATA leaders say that their existing system works excellently.
A fatal accident is an accident
A fatal accident is human death
Fatal accident closes interstate highway.
Fatal accidents are accidents.
Fatal accidents are fatalities.
Fatal accidents are frequent.
Fatal accidents are possible, however.
Fatal accidents are so hard to deal with because they're so unexpected.
Fatal accidents caused by drunk driving are just another example of the hazards of drinking.
Fatal accidents involve participants.
Fatal accidents occur predominantly on highways, especially on the outskirts of towns or cities.
Many fatal accidents are caused by drivers who are under the weather.
Most fatal accidents are the result of capsizing or falling overboard.
Most fatal accidents involve participants.
Most fatal accidents occur at or near an intersection.
Most fatal accidents occur in coal mines.
Some fatal accidents involve mule trains.
Some fatal accidents involve trains.
Some fatal accidents involve vases.
Some fatal attacks result in death.
Fatal beating points up a system in crisis.
Fatal cases are one of the ugliest forms of death imaginable.
Fatal cases are rare.
Fatal conditions associate with infection.
Most fatal conditions associate with infection.
Some fatal conditions cause brain damage.
Some fatal conditions cause damage.
Some fatal conditions cause severe brain damage.
Some fatal conditions cause severe damage.
Some fatal conditions occur in divers.
Some fatal conditions occur in rabbits.
Fatal consequences follow otherwise.
Fatal crashes are only a small part of the total safety picture, though.
Fatal crashes are only a small part of the total safety picture.
Fatal crashes are only part of the commercial truck safety picture.
Fatal crashes involve cars.
Fatal crashes involving trucks are highest in adverse weather conditions .
Fatal crashes make up only one half of one percent of all crashes.
Fatal crashes represent one percent of all truck-related crashes.
More fatal crashes take place on weekend nights than at any other time in the week.
Most fatal crashes involve cars.
Most fatal crashes occur during nighttime hours.
Some fatal crashes result in death.
Fatal diseases have no prejudices.
Some fatal diseases affect deer.
Fatal disorder affects functions.
Some fatal disorder is caused by mutation.
Some fatal disorder is caused by recessive mutation.
Fatal doses can occur from as few as four adult strength capsules.
Fatal electrocution is the main risk, but burns and falls from elevation are also hazards.
Fatal error becomes catalyst for reform.
Fatal error is the right thing to do there, yes.
Fatal errors cause the system to halt.
Fatal errors lead to croaks.
Fatal errors result in a loss of funding.
Fatal errors terminate the thread in question.
Most fatal errors are when the user follows the so-called back signal.
Fatal fires are usually residential fires that burn a long time before they are discovered.
Fatal fires occur most often when there is no functioning smoke alarm to wake everyone.
Many fatal fires begin late at night or in the early morning.
More fatal fires occur at night when people are sleeping.
Most fatal fires happen at night, while families are asleep.
Most fatal fires kill one or two people only.
Most fatal fires occur at night when people are asleep.
Most fatal fires occur at night while people are sleeping.
Most fatal fires occur at night, when most people are sleeping.
Most fatal fires occur at night, while people are asleep.
Most fatal fires occur during the night when people are sleeping and most vulnerable.
Most fatal fires start in the home.
Fatal flaws are always consistent with the spine and supporting trait.
Fatal fungal infection is caused by pathogen.
Fatal infection is caused by pathogen.
Fatal infections can occur.
Most fatal infection is caused by pathogen.
Some fatal infection causes pneumonia.
Most fatal injuries are preventable.
Some fatal injuries cause fractures.
Fatal mistakes can, and have, occurred.
Some fatal parasites infect dogs.
Some fatal parasites infect domestic dogs.
Fatal pneumonia can rapidly develop.
Fatal poisoning brings convulsions and paralysis of the respiratory system.
Fatal poisoning can occur through skin absorbtion.
Fatal poisoning is rare.
Fatal screen occurs when attempting to update the printer table in the test region.
Fatal shooting draws attention to security policy at Oregon's only private psychiatric hospital.
Some fatal storms increase tolerance.
Many fatal wounds are head wounds.
Some fatal wounds cause death.
A fatalism is determinism
Fatalism disputes creation.
Fatalism is a philosophy for the oppressed.
Fatalism is almost a prerequisite of the seafaring life.
Fatalism is obligatory.
Fatalism is the belief that all events are predetermined and controlled.
Fatalism is the concept that all events happen by blind, impersonal forces, i.e., by chance.
Fatalism is the lazy man's way of accepting the evitable.
Fatalism says that all is destiny.
Fatalism sets in.
Fatalisms are determinism.
A fatalist is a philosopher
Fatalists are never good at sales.
Some fatalists believe it presages the end of the world.
Fatalistic attitudes play a part, too.
Fatalistic teens make suicide pact to kill themselves following graduation, but have one last party.
A fatality rate is a rate
Fatality rate is high, Primarily strikes adults.
Fatality rate is high.
Fatality rate is low.
Fatality rates are highest in the elderly.
Fatality rates are lowest for the U.K., Canada, and the U.S. and highest for Mexico.
Fatality rates are now at their lowest recorded levels.
Fatality rates vary markedly according to the intent of the shooter.
A fatality is death
Fatalities are a given, but who knows what other finishing moves to expect.
Fatalities are a part of racing.
Fatalities are as high as fifty times the norm as that found in the United States.
Fatalities are casualties.
Fatalities are common.
Fatalities are death.
Fatalities are even more rare.
Fatalities are even more striking.
Fatalities are extremely rare.
Fatalities are high even with aggressive and advanced treatment and powerful antibiotics.
Fatalities are infrequent if antivenom is administered in a timely manner.
Fatalities are infrequent.
Fatalities are just the beginning.
Fatalities are known, but rare.
Fatalities are often years apart.
Fatalities are on the upswing.
Fatalities are part and parcel of technical diving.
Fatalities are rare and are usually due to the continued administration of the antigen.
Fatalities are rare and recovery is usually quick and complete.
Fatalities are rare and usually are due to continued administration of the antigen.
Fatalities are rare, but bacterial infections can follow.
Fatalities are rare, but have been reported.
Fatalities are rare, but known.
Fatalities are rare, with only four reported last year, but injuries occur more frequently.
Fatalities are rare.
Fatalities are uncommon, but the potential is there.
Fatalities are uncommon.
Fatalities are very rare and are confined to elderly or debilitated individuals.
Fatalities are very uncommon.
Fatalities can occur in children despite ipecac and charcoal therapy.
Fatalities can occur in older patients.
Fatalities can occur.
Fatalities can result.
Fatalities caused by alcohol for instance are high.
Fatalities occur due to respiratory failure.
Fatalities occur in small workplaces as well as the larger ones.
Fatalities resulting from treatment are rare among dogs that are otherwise in good health.
Fatalities still occur.
Fatality can occur from respiratory paralysis.
Fatality is common with an intraperitoneal rupture.
Fatality is high.
Fatality occasionally occurs.
Fatality occurs from seizures or apnea.
Fatalities always occur at the end of shift - or when it rains and snows.
Fatalities usually occur in the elderly.
Fatalities usually occur in victims with prior knowledge i.e., past anaphylaxis.
Fatalities usually result from myocarditis.
Fatalities usually run fifty percent of the litter.
Any fatality is one too many.
Many fatalities occur in small slides.
Many fatalities occur when a metal ladder brushes against power lines while being moved.
More fatalities occur from falls than any other construction activity.
Most fatalities are in lakes and rivers, and in small boats.
Most fatalities are male.
Most fatalities are small children or frail elderly people.
Most fatalities are tourists on the rim of the cone.
Most fatalities caused by floods occur at night or when people become trapped in automobiles.
Most fatalities happen on small neighborhood roads close to home.
Most fatalities here are hikers trapped in slot canyons during flash floods.
Most fatalities involve deficiencies in prudence, judgment, emotional stability or physical fitness.
Most fatalities occur after plague bacteria have gotten into the lungs .
Most fatalities occur in patients who have developed haemorrhagic fever.
Most fatalities occur in small, open boats during good weather, mid afternoon on summer weekends.
Most fatalities occur on secondary roads.
Most fatalities occur when the victim is in a mobile home or vehicle.
Most fatalities resulting from tornadoes occur during hours of darkness when people are sleeping.
Fatboy fit is oversized through the hips and thighs.
Fate becomes the determining factor in the events of the lives of the De'Ang people.
Fate brings the two together again in the midst of the blaze.
Fate buy Peace with the birth beside whatever dishes.
Fate can be cruel.
Fate can be mean and unjust.
Fate can be quick and terribly cruel.
Fate can have a strange sense of humour sometimes in Gorillas in the Midst .
Fate causes others to drift far away.
Fate comes a-knockin' Doors start lockin'.
Fate comes even to the equivocal figure.
Fate comes in the oddest forms.
Fate comes with meaning to every action.
Fate comes, soon the one to win.
Fate decides things here.
FATE defines modern hard rock for the new millennium.
Fate depends on facts.
Fate depends on success.
Fate depends on what protein they make .
Fate determines whether one is rich or poor, well or ill, has a large family or is childless.
Fate disappears for awhile.
Fate does sometimes seem to know what it's up to.
Fate does work in strange ways.
Fate drives a man to murder and suicide.
Fate favours magazines when they drive the news themselves.
Fate fits karma, so use it.
Fate involves the melioration.
Fate is a calling without a caller.
Fate is a cruel and sometimes unjust animal.
Fate is a cruel mistress.
Fate is a funny thing.
Fate is a horrible beginning.
Fate is a power believed to control all events and to be impossible to resist.
Fate is a prominent theme in the poem.
Fate is a strange mistress, to be sure.
Fate is a suggestion box without a slot in it.
Fate is a tease.
Fate is a term that means many things to different individuals, cultures and societies.
Fate is about to turn against the agents of evil, for they are no longer the hunters but the prey.
Fate is all.
Fate is also a concept that informs our understanding of our personal lives.
Fate is always present, never pausing for rationality nor pity.
Fate is an occurrence
Fate is blind and predestination implies no hope for change.
Fate is both bitter and sweet, but it is there.
Fate is capricious and the fate that dogs the artist more capricious than most.
Fate is capricious.
Fate is character and landscape is fate.
Fate is cold, hard, impersonal.
Fate is cruel but who's to blame.
Fate is cruel.
Fate is fate, whether good or bad.
Fate is fate.
Fate is fickle.
Fate is for losers.
Fate is forgotten.
Fate is fractal and semi-permeable.
Fate is funny sometimes.
Fate is funny thing.
Fate is hard and cruel, but predestination is fatherly and wise and kind.
Fate is immutable.
Fate is man's endowment.
Fate is mere co-incidence, a flight into the face of belief.
Fate is neither partial nor has it any personal gain or loss to sustain.
Fate is never pre-destined but alive and prescient.
Fate is nothing but deeds committed in a prior existence.
Fate is probably the greatest matchmaker of all time, even in the age of technology.
Fate is seen as revelation.
Fate is the sole power which rules the actions of man.
Fate is tough.
Fate is uncertain for remaining preserve.
Fate is unkind to women.
Fate is video games.
Fate is what happens.
Fate is when two people meet or share an experience without any forethought.
Fate isa happening.
Fate isa occurrence.
Fate keeps happening.
Fate limps in.
Fate looks for a head.
Fate loves the fearless.
Fate means that our present circumstances are a result of our actions in the past.
Fate never changes.
Fate plays a smaller role.
Fate plays cruel tricks.
Fate plays such bitter jests.
Fate plays wicked games with fools.
Fate predetermines all.
Fate provides for a great forum for the movie and how it affects our lives now and the future.
FATE publishes a newsletter and a journal.
Fate pursues the choreographer's characters, but it has no power over the Ballerina.
Fate rejects the lamb and accepts the dog.
Fate remains wonderfully poised when gamblers tempt it.
Fate rules the world.
Fate runs a circuitous route.
Fate runs the shop, and the heroes of film noir are willing to buy.
Fate seems to have played a role in bringing the Georgia physician to the western Panhandle.
Fate swats out our life like a fly on a mat.
Fate takes a heavy hand in the course of things, often to comic effect.
Fates collide It's hard to maintain a web of deceit in a small town like New York.
Fate always wins.
Fate often plays a part in the outcome of a mediation.
Most fate depends on facts.
Most fate depends on success.
Some fate depends on gravity.
Some fate depends on morality.
Some fate has ability.
Fateful Months is an important book.
A fathead is a fool
Fatheads also are the minnows hardest hit by winterkill.
Fatheads feed on periphyton, zooplankton, insects, waste feed and detritus.
A father is a parent
Father isa parent.
Fathers abandon their families.
Fathers accept facts.
Fathers acquire their expertise through a lengthy period of trial and error.
Fathers act as the protectors of their families.
Fathers advocate for their children in many situations.
Fathers affect offspring.
Fathers also find it rewarding when they see their children become excited about their presence.
Fathers also have a big role to play by modeling healthy, caring and nurturing behavior.
Fathers also play a prominent role in encouraging their child's participation.
Fathers also play important roles .
Fathers also stay home with their children, of course, though in much smaller numbers than moms.
Fathers also tend to be more involved with sons than daughters, according to the study.
Fathers also worry about the impact that spending time with their family has on their careers.
Fathers are a different story.
Fathers are a lot alike.
Fathers are able to room in with the new mom.
Fathers are absent and mothers are trying to carry the load alone.
Fathers are absent from American homes in increasingly large numbers for many reasons.
Fathers are accountable for what is taught.
Fathers are actually better at keeping a baby's attention.
Fathers are also better at accompanying the boys to outdoor activities which the boys love.
Fathers are also critical for the healthy emotional development of girls.
Fathers are also important to their daughters, too.
Fathers are also key family members, and their involvement with children's education is much needed.
Fathers are also like expectant mothers, anxious of their new role as fathers.
Fathers are also more likely to promote stereotypical sex-role behavior during play.
Fathers are always even numbers and mothers are always odd numbers.
Fathers are an essential component of the labor support team.
Fathers are an integral part of the home life rather than the part time breadwinner.
Fathers are an under-served and largely ignored population.
Fathers are as effective as incubators for babies born by cesarean section.
Fathers are as irreplaceable in the lives of children as mothers.
Fathers are as sensitive as mothers to their baby's signals, and as competent as caregivers.
Fathers are best at guidance for the long run, but can be overbearing.
Fathers are coaches.
Fathers are corporate lawyers and successful real estate developers.
Fathers are critical.
Fathers are devoid of positive attributes, devoid of any masculinity to pass on to their sons.
Fathers are different from mothers, and no father in the history of the world has ever breastfed.
Fathers are different from mothers.
Fathers are different than moms, and they tend to approach their world differently.
Fathers are disposable as long as the mother has income from somewhere.
Fathers are encouraged and welcome.
Fathers are especially interested in learning about the proper installation of car seats.
Fathers are especially soft on their daughters.
Fathers are essential.
Fathers are extremely important, both biologically and psychologically to our girls.
Fathers are family founders.
Fathers are far more than just 'second adults' in the home.
Fathers are generally the best supporters for their wives.
Fathers are good at that.
Fathers are hardest of all.
Fathers are heroes, men whom children idolize and struggle to imitate.
Fathers are hopeless.
Fathers are human.
Fathers are important as financial providers for the family.
Fathers are important in their children's lives.
Fathers are important role models to their children.
Fathers are important to the well-being of children for several reasons.
Fathers are important.
Fathers are in no mood to offer high-fives after losing to a son.
Fathers are increasingly absent from the home.
Fathers are just that way.
Fathers are just wonderful in a million different ways.
Fathers are key in gender role development.
Fathers are laughable.
Fathers are leaders.
Fathers are less involved in infant care than are mothers.
Fathers are like a thunderstorm in a box.
Fathers are like that.
Fathers are male animals.
Fathers are men.
Fathers are models for manhood.
Fathers are more involved with attractive babies.
Fathers are more likely to disregard cues and direct the baby's attention to other things.
Fathers are more likely to initiate rough and tumble play.
Fathers are more likely to pressure children into gender roles.
Fathers are more than sperm banks and automatic teller machines.
Fathers are now on our side.
Fathers are often absent from their families.
Fathers are often alcoholic or paid very little.
Fathers are often more authoritative, focusing more on morality and discipline.
Fathers are often right.
Fathers are open, loving and vulnerable.
Fathers are parents.
Fathers are particularly powerful agents in modelling physical activity.
Fathers are particularly vulnerable in our present cultural climate.
Fathers are problems or at least cause problems.
Fathers are providers, friends, supporters, and so much more.
Fathers are psychologically unfit parents.
Fathers are relative in their value as a commodity.
Fathers are responsible to lead.
Fathers are role models to their children.
Fathers are significant for both boys and girls.
Fathers are so special, because of the patience that is tested more than anything in life.
Fathers are sometimes unprepared for the actual responsibilities of shared custody.
Fathers are still wallets.
Fathers are still welcome.
Fathers are successful to the degree their children are successful.
Fathers are such an important part of a home.
Fathers are that way.
Fathers are the exception.
Fathers are the first men that daughters ever love.
Fathers are the ones who teach their sons control.
Fathers are the pastors of the home.
Fathers are their children's protectors.
Fathers are tired of being considered an outsider or visitor to their children by the courts.
Fathers are to be active in the rearing of their children.
Fathers are to be seen with toddlers feeding the ducks.
Fathers are to lead in the spiritual instruction of their children.
Fathers are to love their children with encouragement and comfort.
Fathers are to love, discipline, train and instruct their children.
Fathers are to protect their families and the state is to protect the right to do so.
Fathers are to teach and correct their children.
Fathers are usually only a minor presence in adolescents' lives.
Fathers are very important in life, the more present they are the better.
Fathers are very important in society.
Fathers are vital for conception, after that they're optional, albeit desirable.
Fathers are welcome and encouraged to attend groups and family bonding activities.
Fathers are welcome at some meetings.
Fathers are welcome at the Evening meeting.
Fathers are welcome to attend all or part of the course.
Fathers are welcome to attend.
Fathers are welcome to stay overnight and siblings are encouraged to visit.
Fathers are, however, somewhat more involved in taking care of children when mothers are at work.
Fathers attending classes can learn ways to coach the mother during the birth process.
Fathers be alike, mayhap.
Fathers bear a special responsibility for the moral life of the family.
Fathers bear the primary responsibility for discipline in the family.
Fathers become renown writers.
Fathers become writers.
Fathers begin the family law process believing that it is fair and just.
Fathers believe that hardship and adversity are things that build character.
Fathers benefit from co-sleeping.
Fathers benefit from that closeness too.
Fathers brainwash their children.
Fathers bring something new to the experience of reading .
Fathers can also suffer from baby blues.
Fathers can assist daughters in being more courageous and assertive in the world.
Fathers can be very instrumental in helping their babies to learn a new sleep association.
Fathers can be wonderful at infant massage.
Fathers can better divide their time between work and family.
Fathers can choose coordinating tuxedos, and the guests are invited to dress black tie.
Fathers can direct their attention to loving and supporting the laboring mother.
Fathers can have a tremendous impact on their kids.
Fathers can have consequences.
Fathers can have lifelong consequences.
Fathers can have one for every occasion.
Fathers can help by discouraging such behavior.
Fathers can help with older children, with cooking, clean up, or bringing home take-out food.
Fathers can hold cuddle, rock, walk, bathe, sing to, change and play with their baby.
Fathers can leave an indelible mark on their children and society.
Fathers can love, guide, teach and nurture their babies.
Fathers can make or break the breast-feeding experience.
Fathers can meet other fathers and talk with each other as they tend to their little ones.
Fathers can mentally prepare for and try to anticipate the future needs of their newborn.
Fathers can mentor young people without getting caught up in sports.
Fathers can own their own feelings.
Fathers can prepare for involvement in the child's life even before the baby is born.
Fathers can provide kangaroo care for their babies too.
Fathers can quiet a crying baby, they are just as responsive as mothers.
Fathers can talk to their daughters.
Fathers can use their powerful influence to either build or destroy their child's life.
Fathers care for babies.
Fathers care for infants.
Fathers care only about money.
Fathers carry infants.
Fathers carry out chore.
Fathers carry out domestic chore.
Fathers carry out house chore.
Fathers carry pictures.
Fathers carry the infants quite a bit, sometimes more than the mothers.
Fathers carry their sons on their shoulders.
Fathers carry young infants.
Fathers challenge kids to go the next step physically and mentally.
Fathers change the world one child at a time.
Fathers clasp their children.
Fathers close doors.
Fathers come and go.
Fathers come in all shapes and sizes.
Fathers compliment the mothers by their distinctive touch of manly roles.
Fathers consider it when their daughters have been asked out on a date.
Fathers consume diets.
Fathers consume fat diets.
Fathers contribute a higher number of chromosomes to sons than daughters.
Fathers contribute information.
Fathers cover up for their sons, and sons cover up for their fathers.
Fathers defend and protect their children.
Fathers defend babies.
Fathers defend infants.
Fathers definitely play an important part in children's development.
Fathers deliver their sons to the schoolyard gate on the back of bicycles.
Fathers deserve to play as important a role as mothers do in the lives of the children.
Fathers develop theories.
Fathers discover details.
Fathers do believe they have nothing to contribute under the current setup.
Fathers do it naturally, like tossing a baby into the air and catching it.
Fathers do more physical play.
Fathers drive cars that hold the kids.
Fathers drive to Disneyland.
Fathers eat grapes.
Fathers eat sour grapes.
Fathers economically intimidate their wives.
Fathers educate boys during the first years of life while mothers took care of girls.
Fathers encourage risk-taking and independence.
Fathers enjoy lawns.
Fathers enjoy practical ways of playing.
Fathers everywhere come home from work with sour tales of how they are misused on the job.
Fathers exile themselves to areas apart from the mothers.
Fathers expect to see their children awake.
Fathers experience many intense emotions as they watch the birth of their new baby.
Fathers express interest.
Fathers express own interest.
Fathers face the pressures of being a success at work.
Fathers feel as if their wives monitor their actions with the kids.
Fathers fight dragons almost daily.
Fathers find food.
Fathers find nonverbal ways of showing love-so do boys.
Fathers First is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the heart and art of fathering.
Fathers follow the groom's style, and formalwear is optional for guests.
Fathers generally are the male template from which marriages, especially early ones, are chosen.
Fathers generally view children as the most important priority of their life.
Fathers get food.
Fathers get homes.
Fathers get in free all day long with a paying offspring of any age.
Fathers get in free.
Fathers give care.
Fathers give gifts to their children and wives, ususally consisting of clothes and candy.
Fathers give gifts to their children, and husbands gift their wives.
Fathers give protection.
Fathers Go Away To Work.
Fathers go into streets.
Fathers go through some of the same routine.
Fathers have (part) arms.
Fathers have (part) body substances.
Fathers have (part) cell membranes.
Fathers have (part) cells.
Fathers have (part) corpi.
Fathers have (part) cytoplasm.
Fathers have (part) heads.
Fathers have (part) human bodies.
Fathers have (part) legs.
Fathers have (part) material bodies.
Fathers have (part) necks.
Fathers have (part) nuclei.
Fathers have (part) personality.
Fathers have (part) plasma membranes.
Fathers have (part) sections.
Fathers have (part) vacuoles.
Fathers have a bigger disconnect with their teenagers than do mothers.
Fathers have a bigger disconnect with their teenagers than mothers.
Fathers have a choice of either style.
Fathers have a colossal full-time job that most people underestimate.
Fathers have a great impact on their children's faith and value.
Fathers have a more developed upper body and wide shoulder, also perfect for holding a baby.
Fathers have a profound influence on how daughters view themselves.
Fathers have a right to reasonable child support payments.
Fathers have a rough time with raising kids.
Fathers have a unique role as providers and role models.
Fathers have a unique role in influencing and shaping their sons' lives.
Fathers have a weakness.
Fathers have ages.
Fathers have attitude.
Fathers have babies.
Fathers have beliefs.
Fathers have bend little fingers.
Fathers have blood.
Fathers have blue eyes.
Fathers have both a professional and a family role to play.
Fathers have brown eyes.
Fathers have business.
Fathers have children.
Fathers have concentration.
Fathers have conversations.
Fathers have countless reasons for leaving.
Fathers have development.
Fathers have drink problems.
Fathers have every right to ask for, and argue for, full custody of the children during a divorce.
Fathers have eyes.
Fathers have fingers.
Fathers have flexible visiting privileges.
Fathers have fuzzy chests, deep voices, big hands, flat shoulders.
Fathers have grandfathers.
Fathers have grandsons.
Fathers have health concerns that are uniquely their own.
Fathers have high concentration.
Fathers have imaginary conversations.
Fathers have interest.
Fathers have little fingers.
Fathers have many children.
Fathers have more authority on the job than men without children have.
Fathers have more natural authority than mothers.
Fathers have more time to spend with the children during the year and on vacations.
Fathers have mouths.
Fathers have no actual authority or purpose, except possibly to fix things, ineptly.
Fathers have no place to go but home.
Fathers have no real biological role to play.
Fathers have open mouths.
Fathers have positive attitude.
Fathers have practically no sense at all.
Fathers have problems.
Fathers have rattle sound.
Fathers have responsibility.
Fathers have rights too.
Fathers have senses.
Fathers have serious drink problems.
Fathers have serious problems.
Fathers have social development.
Fathers have sound.
Fathers have specific responsibilities and are given specific advice.
Fathers have strong beliefs.
Fathers have wide mouths.
Fathers have wide open mouths.
Fathers have withstood challenges and accepted the responsibilities of raising generations.
Fathers help eliminate hazards and arrange their children's environments.
Fathers help socialize children, and children help socialize men.
Fathers help sons with loans or partnerships.
Fathers here has a dual meaning.
Fathers hold and rock more than mothers, and equal mothers in talking, kissing and imitating.
Fathers hold children.
Fathers hold jobs.
Fathers hold their children in their arms and move to the music.
Fathers improve chances.
Fathers influence how daughters see themselves.
Fathers initiate most of the family breakup, abandoning their families and their responsibilities.
Fathers instill values.
Fathers instinctively know when someone is kissing their daughter.
Fathers interact differently with their children than mothers do, and that's okay.
Fathers interact more with sons than daughters.
Fathers interact very differently with children than mothers.
Fathers interview their children to determine the correct answers to the questions.
Fathers invest in shoes for feet that mature in six weeks.
Fathers is convinced that all problems in the world follow from fatherlessness.
Fathers kidnap their children.
Fathers kill sons and sons kill fathers.
Fathers kill sons, and sons kill fathers.
Fathers know best.
Fathers know events.
Fathers learn to smoke cigars and say nothing.
Fathers leave for many reasons.
Fathers leave mothers.
Fathers lie in beds.
Fathers lift hands.
Fathers like to expand their child's horizons by playing with toys in non-traditional ways.
Fathers like to roll around with their infants on the floor.
Fathers like to stretch their kids' communication skills in preparation for worldly dialog.
Fathers like to wrestle and tumble with toddlers.
Fathers live in a subdivision near a good school, an all-night grocery, a clinic and a gas station.
Fathers look forward to playing checkers.
Fathers lose disposable income and routine contact with their children.
Fathers lose sons.
Fathers love daughters.
Fathers love their children just as much as mothers do.
Fathers maintain diets.
Fathers make daily journeys.
Fathers make journeys.
Fathers make major contributions to child development.
Fathers make many valuable contributions to their children's development.
Fathers make men.
Fathers matter too.
Fathers move fingers.
Fathers move to areas.
Fathers offer advice.
Fathers only pass the disorder to their daughters.
Fathers open doors.
Fathers open side doors.
Fathers own farms.
Fathers parent differently than mothers.
Fathers participate in classes, workshops, support groups and mentoring programs.
Fathers pass many important lessons along to their sons.
Fathers pass on to children.
Fathers pass X -linked alleles to only and all of their daughters.
Fathers pass X-linked alleles to all their daughters only.
Fathers pass X-linked alleles to only and all of their daughters.
Fathers pay child support in a plethora of ways.
Fathers perform more routine childcare than ever before.
Fathers play a big part in influencing their children's actions.
Fathers play a crucial two-pronged role.
Fathers play a different role for children.
Fathers play a greater role in child rearing as children get older.
Fathers play a major role in preparing children for life outside the family.
Fathers play a very important role during a high-risk pregnancy.
Fathers play an important role and the more information they have the better .
Fathers play an important role in promoting the health of their sons, too.
Fathers play crucial roles.
Fathers play diverse roles that are related to cultural and community norms.
Fathers play no part in infant care.
Fathers play roles.
Fathers play very important role in feeding of chicks.
Fathers possess skills.
Fathers prefer to have males in leadership roles for the program to succeed.
Fathers present in labor appreciate the guidance and assistance of doulas.
Fathers profit from divorce.
Fathers protect men.
Fathers provide food.
Fathers provide invaluable nurturing.
Fathers provide the role models for their sons of what it means to be a man.
Fathers psychologically abuse their children.
Fathers report serious depressions which can last for years.
Fathers represent a potentially valuable and frequently untapped resource within the family.
Fathers represent families.
Fathers ride free with one or more children.
Fathers see children.
Fathers see films.
Fathers see injure sons.
Fathers see sons.
Fathers seek custody only to maintain their patriarchal domination of women.
Fathers seek life.
Fathers seem to be discussed more frequently.
Fathers seem to especially enjoy the procedure.
Fathers serve as a prototype in a child's mind of what to expect from all men.
Fathers serve the role of household protector.
Fathers sexually abuse their children.
Fathers share responsibility.
Fathers share stories.
Fathers should have decisions.
Fathers show interest.
Fathers show love through action.
Fathers shush their children, teens move their lips in silent prayer.
Fathers sob uncontrollably, with the wrenching, clumsy, unpracticed grief of men.
Fathers speaks about the role of the father in modern society.
Fathers spend about a third as much time as mothers in providing direct child care.
Fathers spend more time attending the kids than doing unpleasant chores.
Fathers spend weekends taking out the trash.
Fathers stay aloof from sons.
Fathers stay out drinking, wasting the family income.
Fathers still struggle with sons and mothers with daughters.
Fathers strengthen their children-emotionally, mentally, physically, and spiritually.
Fathers support families.
Fathers take an active role.
Fathers take care of the animals.
Fathers take greater responsibility for their children.
Fathers take turns reading or telling a Bible story to the children.
Fathers talk casually with each other and staff.
Fathers teach both their sons and daughters with everything they do.
Fathers teach moral behavior by the way they behave in the world.
Fathers teach siblings.
Fathers teach sons what it means to be a man and daughters what it means to be loved by a man.
Fathers teach the future to love and respect all life.
Fathers teach their children how to stay safe and healthy.
Fathers teach their sons lessons, directly and indirectly, about what it means to be a man.
Fathers teach their sons lessons, directly or indirectly, about what it means to be a man.
Fathers teach Torah, but mothers determine one's Jewish soul essence.
Fathers tend to allow children to roam farther, climb farther and take more chances.
Fathers tend to be more rigid about gender roles than mothers are, especially with sons.
Fathers tend to develop their own loving style of teaching, guiding, and playing with their boys.
Fathers tend to engage in fewer verbal activities with their children than do mothers.
Fathers tend to engage more in play activities with their children than in caretaking activities.
Fathers tend to fare better in some duties such as disciplining the sons.
Fathers tend to focus on grades.
Fathers tend to play more with their sons than with their daughters.
Fathers tend to play with children more physically and less predictably than mothers.
Fathers tend to wait to be asked to do something by their partner before they engage in any help.
Fathers tend to worry about work issues.
Fathers thus help provide the continuity and stability that ensure the quality of family life.
Fathers to become guardians.
Fathers to become lawful guardians.
Fathers to give consent.
Fathers touch fingers.
Fathers touch lips.
Fathers traditionally are the civilizers of their children.
Fathers translate the intellectual text - mothers translate living experience.
Fathers treat children.
Fathers typically feel that they are being victimized by a brutal destructive system.
Fathers use bigger words, longer sentences.
Fathers use ideas.
Fathers use more directive language with sons than daughters.
Fathers volunteer to serve as role models.
Fathers want daughters.
Fathers watch daughters.
Fathers watch proudly as their sons race the cars that they built together.
Fathers wear vinyl loafers that are made nowhere near Italy.
Fathers welcome to stay overnight.
Fathers Work .
Fathers work and provide for their children by the sweat of their brow.
Fathers work at companies.
Fathers work at manufacture companies.
Fathers work for companies.
Fathers Work for Their Sons .
Fathers work for years.
Fathers work long hours, or they are absent from the family, via divorce.
Fathers always exist before their children.
Fathers always welcome.
Fathers often fear becoming strangers in their own homes.
Fathers often feel more relaxed knowing they can rely on a doula s experience and knowledge.
Fathers often feel relieved when they can rely on the doula for help.
Fathers often get residential custody of their children.
Fathers often take baths with their children.
Fathers sometimes feel left out when so much attention is given to the mother and baby after birth.
Fathers sometimes leave.
All fathers are elders.
All fathers are parents.
All fathers are welcome to contribute and join.
All fathers can be contributors to the well-being of their children.
All fathers can play a critical role in their children's education.
All fathers can play an important part in their son's or daughter's school experience.
All fathers ride free with an additional paid adult fare.
All fathers touring the museum receive a free sundae.
Any father can get one.
Any father is better than no father.
Every father knows that and wants to give the best to their child.
Every father wants to be a good father.
Many fathers also nurse their spouse during serious illnesses.
Many fathers are absent altogether.
Many fathers are eager to be involved during labor and birth.
Many fathers are heroes, while some are failures.
Many fathers are surprised by feelings they encounter when the last child leaves home.
Many fathers are totally oblivious of what their daughters are doing late at night on the internet.
Many fathers are weak here.
Many fathers bring their sons to play the games.
Many fathers do very little to inspire respect from their children.
Many fathers enjoy taking their infants for a walk in a stroller or in a baby carrier.
Many fathers fail to build a bond and spend quality time with their sons.
Many fathers feel children have the right to be nurtured and guided by both parents.
Many fathers feel mixed emotions at seeing their children grow up and leave home.
Many fathers fight tooth and nail to remain a part of the children's lives.
Many fathers find themselves wondering what role they play in their family and in society.
Many fathers go heavily into debt, even bankrupt, trying to pay for the dowry.
Many fathers have no contact with and provide no financial support for their children.
Many fathers lack adequate role models to demonstrate how to be involved with children.
Many fathers leave the majority of the work of raising the kids up to the wife.
Many fathers leave their families, allowing daughters to grow up with their moms.
Many fathers now participate more significantly in their children's lives than in the past.
Many fathers seem to have an ingrained inability to take it easy.
Many fathers spend more time playing with their children than do mothers.
Many fathers use it to the knowledge of their sons and daughters.
Many fathers voluntarily acknowledge paternity.
Many fathers work even longer hours than they used to.
More fathers abuse children than mothers.
Most fathers accept facts.
Most fathers affect offspring.
Most fathers are anxious and protective when their daughter begins dating.
Most fathers are just sometimes fathers.
Most fathers are wonderful.
Most fathers become renown writers.
Most fathers become writers.
Most fathers can have consequences.
Most fathers can have lifelong consequences.
Most fathers care for babies.
Most fathers care for infants.
Most fathers carry infants.
Most fathers carry out chore.
Most fathers carry out domestic chore.
Most fathers carry out house chore.
Most fathers carry pictures.
Most fathers carry young infants.
Most fathers consume diets.
Most fathers consume fat diets.
Most fathers contribute information.
Most fathers defend babies.
Most fathers defend infants.
Most fathers develop theories.
Most fathers discover details.
Most fathers do, one way or another.
Most fathers don t have that comfort of their daughter and their wife being there.
Most fathers eat grapes.
Most fathers eat sour grapes.
Most fathers enjoy lawns.
Most fathers express interest.
Most fathers express own interest.
Most fathers find food.
Most fathers find it hard to listen.
Most fathers get food.
Most fathers get homes.
Most fathers give care.
Most fathers give protection.
Most fathers go into streets.
Most fathers have ages.
Most fathers have attitude.
Most fathers have babies.
Most fathers have beliefs.
Most fathers have blood.
Most fathers have blue eyes.
Most fathers have brown eyes.
Most fathers have business.
Most fathers have children.
Most fathers have concentration.
Most fathers have conversations.
Most fathers have development.
Most fathers have eyes.
Most fathers have fingers.
Most fathers have grandfathers.
Most fathers have grandsons.
Most fathers have high concentration.
Most fathers have imaginary conversations.
Most fathers have interest.
Most fathers have little fingers.
Most fathers have many children.
Most fathers have mouths.
Most fathers have open mouths.
Most fathers have positive attitude.
Most fathers have problems.
Most fathers have responsibility.
Most fathers have senses.
Most fathers have serious drink problems.
Most fathers have serious problems.
Most fathers have social development.
Most fathers have sound.
Most fathers have strong beliefs.
Most fathers have wide mouths.
Most fathers have wide open mouths.
Most fathers hold children.
Most fathers hold jobs.
Most fathers improve chances.
Most fathers know events.
Most fathers leave mothers.
Most fathers lie in beds.
Most fathers lift hands.
Most fathers love daughters.
Most fathers love their children and desperately want to be an equal part of their lives.
Most fathers maintain diets.
Most fathers make daily journeys.
Most fathers make journeys.
Most fathers move fingers.
Most fathers move to areas.
Most fathers offer advice.
Most fathers open side doors.
Most fathers own farms.
Most fathers pass on to children.
Most fathers play crucial roles.
Most fathers play roles.
Most fathers possess skills.
Most fathers probably are proud of their sons.
Most fathers provide food.
Most fathers represent families.
Most fathers request help in finding a new role.
Most fathers see children.
Most fathers see films.
Most fathers see injure sons.
Most fathers see sons.
Most fathers seek life.
Most fathers share responsibility.
Most fathers share stories.
Most fathers show interest.
Most fathers support families.
Most fathers teach siblings.
Most fathers touch fingers.
Most fathers touch lips.
Most fathers treat children.
Most fathers use ideas.
Most fathers visit their newborns in the hospital and claim paternity informally at that time.
Most fathers voluntarily admit paternity, so very few cases actually go to court.
Most fathers watch daughters.
Most fathers work at companies.
Most fathers work at manufacture companies.
Most fathers work for companies.
Most fathers work for years.
Some Fathers always pass out the presents.
Some fathers achieve american dreams.
Some fathers achieve dreams.
Some fathers acquire characters.
Some fathers admit to children.
Some fathers adopt children.
Some fathers also feel guilty about the disruption they have caused in their children's lives.
Some fathers approach explorers.
Some fathers are diagnosed with cancer.
Some fathers are diagnosed with lung cancer.
Some fathers are good at that.
Some fathers are stern, some are staid, and others are just too darn serious.
Some fathers arrive in towns.
Some fathers ask sisters.
Some fathers attend bonfires.
Some fathers barter their daughters in exchange for the children of other men.
Some fathers bear witnesses.
Some fathers beat mothers.
Some fathers become best friends.
Some fathers become carriers.
Some fathers become friends.
Some fathers become independent oil men.
Some fathers become men.
Some fathers become women.
Some fathers believe that they have the right to have sex with their children.
Some fathers bring food.
Some fathers buy animals.
Some fathers buy cattle.
Some fathers buy farms.
Some fathers can feel awkward or even left out as the mother-daughter bond develops.
Some fathers catch fish.
Some fathers change diets.
Some fathers come to zoos.
Some fathers commit suicide.
Some fathers confirm death.
Some fathers die at scenes.
Some fathers die from cancer.
Some fathers die from lung cancer.
Some fathers die in apartments.
Some fathers die in attacks.
Some fathers die in war.
Some fathers die of attacks.
Some fathers die of cancer.
Some fathers die of diseases.
Some fathers die of heart attacks.
Some fathers die of lateral sclerosis.
Some fathers die of lung cancer.
Some fathers die of lung diseases.
Some fathers die of pneumonia.
Some fathers die of pulmonary diseases.
Some fathers die of pulmonary lung diseases.
Some fathers die of sclerosis.
Some fathers do ceremony.
Some fathers enter business.
Some fathers even feel happy their former wives are suffering.
Some fathers explain backs.
Some fathers express joys.
Some fathers find a way to get involved in everything but their sons.
Some fathers find children.
Some fathers find condoms.
Some fathers find it difficult to get work done at home.
Some fathers find own children.
Some fathers flee countries.
Some fathers get involved in the care of their infants very early.
Some fathers get mothers.
Some fathers get too busy and never seem to have time to do things with their children.
Some fathers give flowers.
Some fathers go to sea.
Some fathers grow easily into an expanded role, others have more difficulty.
Some fathers grow gooseberries.
Some fathers guard dens.
Some fathers hate spiders.
Some fathers have affairs.
Some fathers have attackers.
Some fathers have baseball.
Some fathers have better educational outcomes.
Some fathers have better outcomes.
Some fathers have brothers.
Some fathers have cancer.
Some fathers have conditions.
Some fathers have debts.
Some fathers have diabetes.
Some fathers have diseases.
Some fathers have educational outcomes.
Some fathers have intentions.
Some fathers have members.
Some fathers have outcomes.
Some fathers have roles.
Some fathers have stage lung cancer.
Some fathers have to work two.
Some fathers help boys.
Some fathers help mothers.
Some fathers hunt caribou.
Some fathers hunt prey.
Some fathers hunt small prey.
Some fathers keep bees.
Some fathers keep cattle.
Some fathers keep chickens.
Some fathers keep mules.
Some fathers keep rabbits.
Some fathers keep roosters.
Some fathers learn about cattle.
Some fathers leave boys.
Some fathers leave families.
Some fathers leave ranches.
Some fathers leave rooms.
Some fathers leave their sons trust funds.
Some fathers leave wives.
Some fathers lie on floors.
Some fathers lose battles.
Some fathers lose old sons.
Some fathers lose sons.
Some fathers love animals.
Some fathers love cats.
Some fathers love fish.
Some fathers make clear distinction.
Some fathers make decisions.
Some fathers make distinction.
Some fathers mention details.
Some fathers move families.
Some fathers murder own sons.
Some fathers own business.
Some fathers own ponies.
Some fathers own rabbits.
Some fathers own restaurants.
Some fathers own shops.
Some fathers participate in experiments.
Some fathers pass at ages.
Some fathers pass last weeks.
Some fathers pass on to daughters.
Some fathers pass weeks.
Some fathers point load rifles.
Some fathers possess cattle.
Some fathers possess chickens.
Some fathers possess cows.
Some fathers possess pigs.
Some fathers practice medicine.
Some fathers provide proof.
Some fathers push carts.
Some fathers push girls.
Some fathers push grocery carts.
Some fathers push little girls.
Some fathers raise cattle.
Some fathers raise cows.
Some fathers raise pigs.
Some fathers raise rabbits.
Some fathers receive diets.
Some fathers recognize responsibility.
Some fathers remove children.
Some fathers report being involved in a work or car related accident, perhaps as a result of stress.
Some fathers represent moral truth.
Some fathers represent truth.
Some fathers run clubs.
Some fathers run night clubs.
Some fathers sell cattle.
Some fathers serve as servants.
Some fathers share care.
Some fathers shoot caribou.
Some fathers shoot cattle.
Some fathers shoot deer.
Some fathers shoot doves.
Some fathers shoot ducks.
Some fathers shoot pigeons.
Some fathers shoot rabbits.
Some fathers sleep with children.
Some fathers start business.
Some fathers study spiders.
Some fathers sue mothers.
Some fathers suffer for years.
Some fathers suffer injuries.
Some fathers suffer minor injuries.
Some fathers take children.
Some fathers take life.
Some fathers take notes.
Some fathers take own life.
Some fathers take time to become comfortable with their new roles.
Some fathers talk about the beauty of seeing their children born.
Some fathers tend to be passive, especially if the mother is assertive and confident.
Some fathers turn backs.
Some fathers turn faces.
Some fathers turn stony faces.
Some fathers undergo procedures.
Some fathers undergo surgery.
Some fathers visit farms.
Some fathers wait to deal with their children until they've been pushed past their limit.
Some fathers work as dairy farmers.
Some fathers work as farmers.
Some fathers work construction.
Some fathers work outside homes.
Some fathers write cases.
A fatherhood is kinship
Fatherhood calls men to purposes larger than themselves.
Fatherhood can be good preparation.
Fatherhood can be rewarding, life affirming, and inspirational.
Fatherhood can wait.
Fatherhood comes with nothing.
Fatherhood denotes brotherhood and sisterhood.
Fatherhood first begins with a dramatic change in relationships.
Fatherhood implies a loving, caring and protective relationship.
Fatherhood implies sonship, and sonship involves correspondence of nature, character, and mind.
Fatherhood involves a lot more than getting a woman pregnant.
Fatherhood is a beautiful, enriching, and powerful time in the life of a man.
Fatherhood is A blast.
Fatherhood is a learning experience.
Fatherhood is a lifelong commitment which takes time and money.
Fatherhood is a male masquerade.
Fatherhood is a thrilling time.
Fatherhood is a tough task and a high calling.
Fatherhood is an old and fairly well understood institution.
Fatherhood is at a critical point in our history.
Fatherhood is both personal and universal.
Fatherhood is certainly an institution which has been under attack for a long time.
Fatherhood Is Forever .
Fatherhood is from conception to birth to adulthood.
Fatherhood is important.
Fatherhood is never easy.
Fatherhood is on the brink of extinction.
Fatherhood is placed in a double-bind.
Fatherhood is rewarding.
Fatherhood is the fertilizing element.
Fatherhood is the most courageous of all occupations.
Fatherhood is the most joyous, wonderful, exhausting and challenging undertaking any man can make.
Fatherhood is thus tossed aside, men become throwaway dads.
Fatherhood is under severe attack today.
Fatherhood is unity disguised as duality.
Fatherhood is very much en vogue.
Fatherhood is, sometimes in subtle ways, a request and an assertion.
Fatherhood needs a strong masculine foundation, respect, freedom, and the law for it to flourish.
Fatherhood perfects it.
Fatherhood raises a host of equally stimulating questions.
Fatherhood requires leadership, integrity, responsibility, and obedience.
Fatherhood takes time.
Fatherhoods are kinship.
Fatherhoods are parenthoods.
Fatherhoods are positions.
A fatherland is a country
Fatherland counts on support from some heavyweight regional governors.
Fatherland is a fast-paced and effective thriller, but there are some problems here.
Fatherland is language, culture, and distinctiveness.
Fatherland is the bond between generations.
Fatherland is the people, the state, the country.
Fatherlands are books.
Fatherlands are countries.
Fatherly leadership is hard to come by.
Fathers day is just around the corner.
Fathers Fathers are often the forgotten ones in family-oriented programs.
A fathom is an unit
Fathoms is a smoke-free environment.
A fatigability is weakness
Fatigability is usually worse at the end of the day or after repeated activity.
Fatigue analysis is performed using the low cycle fatigue approach.
A fatigue crack is a crack
Fatigue cracks can take a long time to grow and final failure is usually fast and unexpected.
Fatigue cracks initiate and propagate in regions where the strain is most severe.
Fatigue failure occurs when an object fails after a number of repeated loading and unloading cycles.
Fatigue failures are always brittle failures which occur without buckling.
Fatigue failures initiate at nodule sites and voids.
Most fatigue failure occurs in one million cycles or less.
Fatigue life diagrams.
Fatigue life is provided at each node, expressed as the number of repeats of the defined loading.
Fatigue life is the amount of stress cycles a specimen can undergo before breaking.
Fatigue life is the calculated number of hours the motor can survive before metal fatigue occurs.
Fatigue strengths are hard to measure because of the varying and many stress types.
Fatigue aggravates existing medical conditions and reduces resistance to illness.
Fatigue can aggravate breast infections.
Fatigue can also accompany depression and anxiety.
Fatigue can also be a nonspecific symptom of a psychological or physiologic disorder.
Fatigue can also be a symptom of illness.
Fatigue can also be responsible for tension-type headaches.
Fatigue can also confound the results.
Fatigue can also have an overall effect on the patient's ability to cope with cancer.
Fatigue can also make the pain feel worse.
Fatigue can also result from the stress of dealing with the diagnosis and treatment of cancer.
Fatigue can be a disabling side effect of cancer, cancer treatments and dealing with pain.
Fatigue can be a killer.
Fatigue can be a possible symptom of sleep apnea in perimenopausal women.
Fatigue can be a sign of anemia.
Fatigue can be a sign of virtually any illness.
Fatigue can be a symptom of illness.
Fatigue can be a symptoms of blocked arteries but is rather non-specific.
Fatigue can be either acute or chronic.
Fatigue can be especially bothersome in the later weeks of treatment.
Fatigue can be more than just a feeling of being constantly tired.
Fatigue can be the first sign of an opportunistic infection.
Fatigue can be the most dangerous foe to contend with during sustained operations.
Fatigue can be the most debilitating aspect of fibromyalgia.
Fatigue can become a very important issue in the life of a person with cancer.
Fatigue can certainly result from de-conditioning.
Fatigue can disrupt the arrangements of the atoms in the material.
Fatigue can even interfere with the fun in life.
Fatigue can exacerbate motion sickness.
Fatigue can harm coordination, judgment.
Fatigue can have many causes.
Fatigue can increase pain.
Fatigue can interfere with work.
Fatigue can lower motivation and negatively affect job performance and personal relationships.
Fatigue can lower motivation and negatively impact job performance and personal relationships.
Fatigue can make it difficult to concentrate.
Fatigue can make it hard to concentrate.
Fatigue can make people appear lazy, disinterested or irritable.
Fatigue can occur at any time of day.
Fatigue can occur because of interrupted sleep.
Fatigue can occur for many reasons.
Fatigue can often cause affected people to stub their toes and fall.
Fatigue can on occasion be a symptom of cancer.
Fatigue can only further weaken the immune system.
Fatigue can pose a number of obstacles to coping with cancer.
Fatigue can pose added risk, given the unavoidable interruptions to normal circadian rhythms.
Fatigue can prevent a person from functioning normally and affects a person's quality of life.
Fatigue can prevent a person from functioning normally and impacts a person's quality of life.
Fatigue can range from mild lassitude to extreme exhaustion.
Fatigue can result in poor performance due to lack of coordinated body movements.
Fatigue can seem to last forever.
Fatigue can seriously effect their health and quality of life.
Fatigue can seriously limit a person's ability to work, go to school, and maintain relationships.
Fatigue can set in.
Fatigue can slow reaction time, impair memory, and even cause hallucinations.
Fatigue can sometimes bring out the best in a person.
Fatigue can start and increase very slowly.
Fatigue can weaken one s sexual desire.
Fatigue causes a desire to rests.
Fatigue causes a desire to sleep.
Fatigue crack growth analysis and life prediction.
Fatigue crack growth resistance is reduced in dry environments.
Fatigue crack growth thresholds, endurance limits and design.
Fatigue crack propagation and microscopic fracture mechanisms in metal plate with notch.
Fatigue creates natural impulses to sleep and minimize physical activity.
Fatigue curbs alertness, impairs performance, and upsets mood.
Fatigue curves for various materials.
Fatigue decreases awareness and reflexes.
Fatigue erodes alertness and performance.
Fatigue erodes the positive attitude that wards off gremlins.
Fatigue eventually overwhelms the rebels.
Fatigue follows central nervous stimulation.
Fatigue follows central nervous system stimulation.
Fatigue follows nervous stimulation.
Fatigue follows stimulation.
Fatigue has a profound impact on a woman's recovery from hysterectomy.
Fatigue has many faces, and it's important to be aware of that.
Fatigue has many faces.
Fatigue has no specific tests to establish the cause of fatigue in sarcoidosis patients.
Fatigue has symptoms.
Fatigue has two meanings.
Fatigue impairs ability.
Fatigue increases with physical exertion, emotional stress and exposure to heat.
Fatigue is a state
Fatigue is also a common indicator of pregnancy.
Fatigue is also a common problem during the early and late stages of pregnancy.
Fatigue is also a common symptom of depression.
Fatigue is also a common symptom.
Fatigue is also a consideration.
Fatigue is also a contributor to traffic accidents.
Fatigue is also a known to cause Tinnitus noise to worsen.
Fatigue is also a subtle symptom of decompression sickness.
Fatigue is also related to pain and is worse when there is inadequate pain control.
Fatigue is also the primary side effect of radiation.
Fatigue is boredom.
Fatigue is illnesses.
Fatigue is military uniforms.
Fatigue is only one of many failure mechanisms.
Fatigue is only one of several possible symptoms of pernicious anemia.
Fatigue is only the beginning of the symptoms.
Fatigue is prominent.
Fatigue is referred to as overusing the body in and becoming exhausted.
Fatigue is symptoms.
Fatigue is the enemy of efficient motor skills.
Fatigue is the enemy.
Fatigue is the main symptom of both iron deficiency and anemia.
Fatigue is the major cause of connecting rod failure.
Fatigue is the second objection.
Fatigue is the second only to alcohol as a cause of vehicle-related deaths.
Fatigue is, after all, a physiological condition.
Fatigue isa state.
Fatigue lasts longer after a section than with a vaginal delivery, often for several weeks.
Fatigue remains a factor in all units actions during the battle, as well as morale.
Fatigue results from activities.
Fatigue results from everyday activities.
Fatigue results from perform everyday activities.
Fatigue seems to also contribute to cramps.
Fatigue seems to be a major component of hnpp.
Fatigue seems to have more effect on the younger boys and on females.
Fatigue seems to play a role in vocal cord weakness.
Fatigue sets in and stays while hormonal levels often cause moodiness and irritability.
Fatigue sets in as blood flow decreases, resulting in knots and muscle spasms.
Fatigue sets in, the deep down bone wearying fatigue that makes it hard to get up in the morning.
Fatigue sets in, which limits ones activities.
Fatigue sets in.
Fatigue strikes sooner and hits harder.
Fatigue tests with multi-cycle indentations.
Fatigue wear calculation model of low loaded sliding surfaces.
Fatigues are army clothes.
Most fatigue follows central nervous stimulation.
Most fatigue follows central nervous system stimulation.
Most fatigue follows nervous stimulation.
Most fatigue follows stimulation.
Most fatigue has symptoms.
Most fatigue results from activities.
Most fatigue results from everyday activities.
Some fatigue has patterns.
Some fatigue leads to pain.
Some fatigue occurs during activities.
Some fatigue results from chemotherapy.
Fatigued drivers have twice the percent of for speeding and going the wrong way.
A fatism is discrimination
Fatism can adversely affect a person's self-esteem and limit their ability to contribute to society.
FATS employee wins again.
FATS simulators utilize filmed scenarios presented to the trainees on video projection screens.
A fatso is a person
Fatso is one of strangest stories of the games so far and it has refused to die down.
Some fattening things are healthy.
Fatty acid combines with alkalies.
Fatty acid contains atoms.
Fatty acid enters vessels.
Fatty acid finds in salmon.
Fatty acid has actions.
Fatty acid has impact.
Fatty acid has positive impact.
Fatty acid is carboxylic acid
Fatty acid is carboxylic acid.
Fatty acids are hydrocarbon chains with a carboxyl group at the end.
Fatty acids are hydrocarbon chains with a carboxylic acid group at the end.
Fatty acids are potent modulators of lactate utilization in isolated hepatocytes from fed rats.
All fatty acids are chains of carbon atoms with hydrogen atoms attached to the carbon atoms.
All fatty acids are molecules composed mostly of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
Many fatty acids occur in living things as components of lipids.
Most fatty acid combines with alkalies.
Most fatty acid contains atoms.
Most fatty acid enters vessels.
Most fatty acid finds in salmon.
Most fatty acid has actions.
Most fatty acid has impact.
Most fatty acid has positive impact.
Most fatty acids have an even number of carbon atoms and are broken down to acetate.
Some fatty acid affects cell growth.
Some fatty acid affects growth.
Some fatty acid causes problems.
Some fatty acid combines with acid.
Some fatty acid consists of atoms.
Some fatty acid contains carbon.
Some fatty acid contains fish oil.
Some fatty acid contains oil.
Some fatty acid finds in cods.
Some fatty acid finds in nuts.
Some fatty acid finds in proteins.
Some fatty acid has benefits.
Some fatty acid has health benefits.
Some fatty acid has many benefits.
Some fatty acid has many health benefits.
Some fatty acid helps conditions.
Some fatty acid interferes with absorption.
Some fatty acid is produced by fermentation.
Some fatty acid is produced by microbes.
Some fatty acid lowers incubation temperature.
Some fatty acid lowers temperature.
Some fatty acid makes up water.
Some fatty acid plays beneficial roles.
Some fatty acid plays important roles.
Some fatty acid plays indirect roles.
Some fatty acid plays key roles.
Some fatty acid plays roles.
Some fatty acid promotes inflammation.
Some fatty acid protects dogs.
Some fatty acid provides nourishment.
Some fatty acid reduces growth.
Some fatty acid reduces prostate tumor growth.
Some fatty acid requires for development.
Some fatty acid requires for larval development.
Some fatty acid supports health.
Some fatty acid uses for energy.
Some fatty acids are essential in the diet.
Some fatty acids have one or more double bonds between their carbon atoms.
Fatty casts are the most common type seen in cat urines.
Some fatty compounds contain milk.
Some fatty cushions cover with layers.
Some fatty cushions cover with protective layers.
Fatty fish are the richest sources.
Fatty fish are tuna, salmon, mackerel, and swordfish.
Fatty fish contain plenty of both substances.
Fatty fish have benefits.
Fatty fish have other benefits.
Fatty fish is considered to be best when broiled, baked, or put on the charcoal grill.
Most fatty fish have benefits.
Most fatty fish have other benefits.
Fatty food contains cholesterol.
Fatty foods are everywhere.
Fatty foods are typically the cause for gallstones.
Fatty foods are usually worse.
Fatty foods contribute to arterial plaque.
Fatty foods contribute to atherosclerosis which is a major contributor to heart attacks.
Fatty foods take longer to digest than other foods and can cause stomachaches during a game.
Fatty foods tend to be low in fiber and overall nutrition and often high in sugar and calories.
Most fatty food contains cholesterol.
Some fatty food includes nuts.
Some fatty foods are soft and creamy.
Some fatty foods contain large amounts of salt.
Fatty liver diseases lead to death.
Fatty reserves are kept in the liver, thus causing it to be a store of energy.
Some fatty snacks help energy levels.
Some fatty snacks help levels.
Some fatty substances are produced by glands.
Some fatty substances are produced by sebaceous glands.
Fatty tissue burns very few calories.
Fatty tissue holds nutrients.
Fatty tissue is animal tissue
Fatty tissue is connective tissue.
Fatty tissue is deposited within the breast as well.
Fatty tissue is extremely fragile and is easily killed.
Fatty tissue is fragile and tends to die off when moved from one place in the body to another.
Fatty tissue is gray, which is easier.
Fatty tissue is specific to the amount of fat contained in adipose tissue throughout the body.
Fatty tissue is usually present in the hernia.
Most fatty tissue holds nutrients.
Some fatty tissue replaces muscle tissue.
Some fatty tissue replaces tissue.
Some fatty tissue supports internal organs.
Some fatty tissue supports organs.
Some fatty tissue surrounds kidneys.
Fatty tumors are also very prevalent.
A fatwa is a ruling
Fatwas are eternal.
Faucet aerators break flowing water into fine droplets and add air while maintaining a strong flow.
Faucet aerators replace the faucet head screen, lowering the flow by adding air to the spray.
Faucet body is of solid brass construction with heavy nickel chrome plating.
Most faucet parts are interchangeable, but a few are brand specific.
A faucet is a regulator
Faucet isa regulator.
Faucets are available in a wide range of prices and styles.
Faucets are available in chrome or polished brass.
Faucets are capable of breaks.
Faucets are lever, pushopen or automatic.
Faucets are located in bathrooms.
Faucets are located in restrooms.
Faucets are located in sinks.
Faucets are located in water fountains.
Faucets are main export products.
Faucets are more likely to splash when the water hits the side of the bowl.
Faucets are regulators.
Faucets are the other major source of water leaks.
Faucets are used for drink water.
Faucets are used for washing dishs.
Faucets are used for water.
Faucets are valves.
Faucets can be floor or wall mounted.
Faucets can conduct electricity.
Faucets Check every faucet in the house for leaks.
Faucets Click on a link to view more product information.
Faucets come in three basic styles.
Faucets contain a minimum of plastic parts, and a whole house water filtration system is included.
Faucets drip like torture.
Faucets facilitate draining countertop units.
Faucets have (part) handles.
Faucets have (part) sections.
Faucets mount directly on tub.
Faucets turn on and off by themselves.
Faucets use two to three gallons a minute.
All faucets come with manufacturer's installation instructions.
Every faucet seems to have good pressure but the tub.
Many faucets use a ceramic disk as the shut off mechanism.
Most faucets have faucet aerators attached.
Some faucets are automatic, while others require users to push, pull, turn, jump, or pray.
Some faucets are noisy due to poor design and construction.
Fault breccia is made by breaking and grinding rocks along a fault . .
Fault creep arises from the differences in strain behavior at different depths on a fault.
Fault creep is the slow movement of faults in the earth's crust.
Fault creep is the slow rupture of the earth's crust.
Most fault current is returned through the earth.
Fault diagnosis uses tests between the processors to discover which processors are faulty.
Fault friction is a controlling factor in the occurrence of earthquakes.
Fault injection is a tremendously valuable tool for developing high quality, reliable code.
Fault injection is a useful tool in developing high quality, reliable code.
Fault injection is one approach for the evaluation of dependability metrics.
Fault injection reveals that coverage probability is a function of fault duration.
Fault isolation is the process used to determine the source of a problem.
A fault line is a line
Fault lines are great cracks in the crust.
Fault lines are lines.
Fault lines are part of faults.
Fault lines are part of fractures.
Fault lines can split open.
Fault lines follow features of the topographic relief.
Fault lines map from California through Mexico.
Most fault lines are part of fractures.
Fault management becomes a critical factor in system design.
Fault management ensures that service remains available.
Fault management includes the remote detection, diagnosis and correction of network problems.
Fault management involves first determining symptoms and isolating the problem.
Fault management is a necessary component of a wireless system.
Fault management is best when approached hierarchically.
Fault management is important in all types of network, both voice and data.
Fault management is transparent to the supported parallel applications.
Some fault planes have continuous displacement.
Some fault planes have displacement.
Fault scarps can show vertical displacement of hundreds of meters.
Fault scarps create local rain shadow effects.
Fault tolerance decreases downtime and increases uninterrupted subscriber access.
Fault tolerance goes hand in hand with redundancy in providing a better over-all storage system.
Fault tolerance is a critical issue in reactive programs.
Fault tolerance is a key concern for buyers of the chassis-based products.
Fault tolerance is achieved by using redundant sensors and actuator coils.
Fault tolerance is achieved via failover.
Fault tolerance is also a issue.
Fault tolerance is also very important.
Fault tolerance is always a concern when dealing with parallel code.
Fault tolerance is an ongoing challenge.
Fault tolerance is based on replication at a single physical site.
Fault tolerance is based on using redundancy.
Fault tolerance is considered as one of the characteristics of intelligent systems.
Fault tolerance is critical for any server that has to support a large numbers of users.
Fault tolerance is discussed here .
Fault tolerance is intimately related to the graph theoretic concept of connectivity.
Fault tolerance is provided by ability to move and synchronize data over a ring of servers.
Fault tolerance is provided through the replication of application objects.
Fault tolerance is required to keep the business running when they do.
Fault tolerance is tied to the PC architecture containing the hardware and remote-access server.
Fault tolerance works to achieve a similar goal of continuous availability.
Fault trees are a widely accepted means for evaluating the failure potential of systems.
Fault trees are similar to block diagrams of a system.
Fault zones are more distributed in nature and involve a collection several faults.
Fault zones are plates in the earth that slide and collide.
A fault is an act
Fault appears to have cut through bridge at a skew.
Fault becomes irrelevant, and providing compensation becomes the focus.
Fault can derive from an act or a failure to act.
Fault can lie with modern preparers of Greek texts and with modern translators.
Fault cheat beyond few ground consequently call squamous carcinoma.
Fault copy past some board how inform jane.
Fault covers in recongurable PLAs .
Fault depend within either womens soft knit gown.
Fault dips to the northeast.
Fault dips to the west.
Fault extends from top center-right to bottom left corner.
Fault indicates that the wall outlet has been improperly wired or that a ground fault exists.
Fault is even easier to assign.
Fault is less important than winning.
Fault isa trait.
Fault kill alongside a mother and produce discount purina feed.
Fault kill alongside a mother and produce natural dog food.
Fault lies with what the bill fails to address as much as with what it addresses only feebly.
Fault needs to extend to both parties unless the error of one person was due to fraud by the other.
Fault reports trigger acoustic alarms and plain text printouts on a protocol printer.
Fault spend at that dress but situated shooting shirt.
Fault spin to a glow next protect cassette deck.
Fault spin to a glow next protect finepix digital cameras.
Fault warning immediately alerts operator.
Faults allow the blocks to move relative to each other.
Faults also fall into three categories.
Faults are a slight crack in the earth which can cause earthquakes.
Faults are aesthetic conformational flaws.
Faults are also visible acting as conduits for groundwater movement.
Faults are always younger than the rocks that they cut across or displace.
Faults are another form of fracture in a geologic environment.
Faults are areas where the earth's plates come together.
Faults are breakdowns.
Faults are breaks in rock layers.
Faults are breaks in rock masses along which movement has occurred.
Faults are breaks in the earth's crust where one side has shifted.
Faults are common in elevated regions.
Faults are commonly major conduits for water.
Faults are cracks.
Faults are exceptions that prevent the instruction that is executing from completing.
Faults are extremely rare and usually quick and easy to fix.
Faults are few.
Faults are fractures along which displacement has occurred.
Faults are fractures along which rock on one side has moved relative to rock on the other side.
Faults are fractures in a rock along which movement has occurred.
Faults are fractures in the Earth's crust in which a reasonable amount of displacement has occurred.
Faults are fractures or breaks between rocks where movements occur.
Faults are generally singular, continuous features.
Faults are in black lines.
Faults are only an obstacle in our attempt to breed the perfect dog.
Faults are places where the plates slide past one another.
Faults are rare and, in the majority of cases, successfully detected and repaired.
Faults are responsibility.
Faults are rich and wonderful teachers.
Faults are serve.
Faults are solid lines where well known, dashed where less certain, and dotted where covered.
Faults are synchronous with respect to the instruction stream.
Faults are the easiest things to find.
Faults are the evidence of horizontal and vertical breaks in the earth's surface.
Faults are the product of compressional, tensional or shear stress.
Faults are the same as for a standard class.
Faults are the visible signatures of earthquakes, sealed for eternity in the rocks.
Faults are thick when love is thin.
Faults are thick where love is thin.
Faults are to be penalized according to the degree of seriousness.
Faults are too far away from it to be considered.
Faults are zones of weakness in the earth's crust.
Faults associated with plate boundaries create cataclastic metamorphismin the shallow crust.
Faults can be as short as metres and as long as a thousand kilometers.
Faults can be centimeters to thousands of kilometers long.
Faults can cut through a single geologic unit.
Faults can juxtapose geologic terranes having very different ages and origins.
Faults can move in several ways.
Faults can occur when contractors accidentally damage underground conductors while digging.
Faults can range in length from a few centimeters to many kilometers.
Faults cause breaks in continuity of seismic horizons.
Faults create secondary porosity, affect the continuity of aquifer.
Faults dip to the northeast.
Faults dissect the area and can be related to shearing of the bedrock.
Faults distorting the railway wheels occur at random.
Faults easily act as conduits for groundwater.
Faults form when rock is put under so much stress that it can no longer bend but break.
Faults fracture with movement.
Faults gives the possible causes of troubles common to many televisions and video recorders.
Faults have a distinctive rheology that new studies have shown to depend importantly on fluid flow.
Faults impart transient changes to machine inductances that are difficult to model analytically.
Faults -Innsufficent stop.
Faults located far underground are more difficult to study by other methods.
Faults nucleate earlier and in larger number at higher a angles.
Faults occur along areas of weakened or brittle rock.
Faults occur when brittle rocks fracture and there is an offset along the fracture.
Faults occur when the earth's rocky outer shell breaks and the rock along the break slips.
Faults Roach back, sway back, thin lean back, long narrow loins, wesk union with croup.
Faults stressed by earthquakes can be more dangerous.
Faults tend to slip more often when a nearby giant reservoir is filled with water.
Faults often produce distinctive patterns in the Earth's magnetic field.
All faults are now fully searchable online .
All faults are to be evaluated in regard to the degree of devi-ation from the ideal.
All faults are to be evaluated in relation to their degree of deviation from the ideal.
All faults are to be penalized according to the degree of deviation from the ideal.
All faults are to be penalized in relation to the degree of devia-tion from the ideal.
All faults are to be penalized in relation to the degree of deviation from the ideal.
All faults are very clean cut and look like someone just cut the continental crust with a knife.
Any fault is indicated on the monitoring unit to assist further diagnosis.
Any faults are of a minor nature.
Any faults are the author's.
Every fault is forgiven in the man of perfect candor.
Many faults extend from the surface to the top of the dome.
Most faults are the result of repeated displacements over a long period of time.
Most faults are under the earth's surface, but there is one that can be clearly seen.
Most faults mapped by geologists are inactive and have no earthquake potential.
Most faults mapped by geologists, however, are inactive and have no earthquake potential.
Most faults produce repeated displacements over geologic time.
Most faults start as shear fractures.
Most faults tend to dip into the Earth at an angle, and therefore have an upper and lower side.
Most faults ultimately form because of forces generated by the movement of tectonic plates.
Some faults are well known, whereas others are speculative.
Some faults can be many miles long.
Some faults creep, while other are stuck, while others have both types of behavior.
Some faults have the potential for generating larger earthquakes than others.
Some faults only show up if the tyre has been inflated.
Some faults remain undetected.
Faulted structures are very common and form some of the most complex reservoirs known.
Faulty assumptions tend to lead to rules in a corporation for doing things.
Faulty ballast generates heat and can be virtually undetectable by feel or direct observation.
Faulty beliefs lead to disappointment and destructive relationships.
Faulty brakes are a safety hazard for all parties involved.
Faulty calculations result in the corruption of logical drives in an existing extended partition.
Faulty communication causes the most problems.
Faulty communications can have enormous consequences.
Faulty conclusions abound when falling in love and scrambling out of love.
Faulty conformation is often a predisposing factor.
Faulty construction is excluded in homeowner's policies.
Faulty contraception is the wrong answer for our children.
Faulty data needs to be located and corrected.
Faulty design can be especially costly both to the manufacturer or vendor and to the user.
Faulty design can be especially costly to the manufacturer, vendor, and the user.
Faulty documentation can only originate from the engineer.
Faulty documentation is a major risk in accepting letters of credit.
Faulty equipment responds in two ways.
Faulty eyesight can be part of the problem.
Faulty firewalls are common in garages.
Faulty fixes are also a problem and can also cause system failures or corrupt data.
Faulty fixes are also a problem and can cause system failures or can corrupt data.
Faulty fixes are also a problem and can cause system failures or corrupt data.
Faulty gear suspected as cause of blimp crash Stripped part makes steering impossible.
Faulty genes can cause body parts or systems to work poorly.
Faulty genes can cause disease.
Faulty ideas are the seeds of catastrophic consequences.
Faulty intonation is another common problem in cheap wood recorders.
Faulty jaw is another word for malposition of the jaw or jaws.
Faulty judgement can quickly lead to conflict or violence.
Faulty judgment can quickly lead to conflict or violence.
Faulty lights can create an electrical charge throughout the tree branches.
Faulty logic is at the root of many thinking errors and a great deal of human pain.
Faulty logic is common in our society.
Faulty maintenance is suspected as the cause.
Faulty observation is responsible in most cases.
Faulty parallelism is a grammatical error.
Faulty parallelism is the incorrect use of parallelism.
Faulty parallelism occurs when unequal structures are used to express equal ideas.
Faulty parallelism throws readers off track and breaks their concentration.
Faulty posture is a major underlying cause of back pain.
Faulty posture is at the root of most back pain.
Faulty products sit in the returns section, awaiting destruction or repair.
Faulty prognostications abound in every era, from every field of human endeavor.
Faulty proof is weighed against the question marks of doubt.
Faulty proteins can lead to cell malfunction, disease, and death.
Faulty repair plays an important role in colon cancer development.
Faulty science is unmasked by personal accounts, and facts dissipate into fictitious data.
Faulty segregation can lead to fertility problems, embryo death , birth defects , and cancer .
Faulty shield can separate.
Faulty stock needs to be returned to ihug s Auckland office.
Faulty strategy compounds their timing error.
Faulty technique accounts for nearly one half of all cases of anesthesia death or cerebral damage.
Faulty theology can and does have drastic social consequences.
Faulty voltages tend to be the product of faulty ground.
Faulty window needs urgent attention.
Faulty wires are more common than most people realize, and they can zap equipment.
Faulty wiring can definately cause disconnects and inconsistent connection speeds.
Faulty wiring can definitely cause disconnects and inconsistent connection speeds.
Faulty wiring can lead to a fire that injures a tenant and destroys a tenant's belongings.
Faulty wiring is another major cause of fires affecting the elderly.
Faulty wiring is one of the most common causes of home fires.
Faulty wiring is suspected as the cause.
Faulty wiring is the second most common cause of church fires.
Fauns also have a long life-span, but it is unknown exactly how long they live.
A fauna is a collection
Fauna isa aggregation.
Fauna isa collection.
All fauna associated with Early and Middle Period houses are large mammals.
Many faunas are of low diversity, with endemic taxa common.
Faunal analysis involves the study of bones from an archaeological site.
Faunal collections are accessibly in the laboratory next door.
Faunal composition changes over time, especially as habitats are changed or destroyed.
Many faunal groups are facilitated by advantageous climatic conditions.
Faunal preservation is excellent, and there is evidence for bone and antler tool manufacture.
Faunal preservation is poor.
Faunal richness is moderate, with birds being better represented than other vertebrate taxa.
Faunal variation is predominantly cross shelf.
Faunist home Go to frameless version .
Faustian society is already the dominant force in the contemporary world.
A fauvism is art movement
Fauvism is a style of artthat uses loud and bold color.
Faux beads are synthetic versions of naturally occuring materials.
Faux buttons hide the zipper.
Faux carvings are easy to recognize because they have a textured surface without any wood grain.
Faux concern is better than no concern.
Faux crystals surround the clock dial's inner circle.
Faux federalism can be a step towards the real thing.
Faux finishes appear on the ceiling, which show medieval motifs.
Faux finishes are apparent beyond the decorative motif of Moorish, medieval, and Art Deco elements.
Faux finishes are ever popular and can be implemented in many areas of the home.
Faux finishes are our specialty.
Faux finishes can be useful in teen rooms to add drama and sophistication.
Faux finishes can transform an ordinary room into extraordinary.
Faux finishes make spaces and places memorable.
Faux marble is a technique that is used to paint something to look like real marble.
Faux painting is combined with glitter paint for a soft look.
A faux pas is blunder
Faux pas are natural baggage for the unwary overseas visitor.
Faux techniques are very popular and work extremely well on floorcloths.
Fav color is blue.
Fav food is good old fashion country cooking.
A fava bean is a bean
Fava bean is susceptible to aphid damage, especially from the bean aphid.
Fava beans are also important in the diet.
Fava beans are another legume favored in the eastern Mediterranean for ages.
Fava beans are harbingers of spring, although they continue to appear into the summer.
Fava beans are more difficult to eat because the seed coat is inedible.
Fava beans do best in moist, rich soil.
Fava beans prefer clay soils, while other peas and beans do best on lighter soils.
Fave food is rawfish and colour is hospital green.
A favism is anemia
Favism is a genetic disorder which involves the lack of a blood enzyme.
Favism is the most common human enzyme deficiency.
Favism occurs primarily among peoples of the eastern Mediterranean region.
Favisms are anemia.
A favor is an action
Favors are advantage.
Favors are approval.
Favors are inclination.
Favors are kindness.
Favors ban on soft money and increasing taxpayer financing of elections.
Favors beget more favors.
Favors can also be permanent gifts, such as small picture frames.
Favors can also carry the theme of the holiday when on or about the date.
Favors can also do double-duty by serving as part of the decorations for the reception hall.
Favors can also function as a part of the decorations for the reception hall.
Favors climates with a dry season.
Favors have a way of becoming burdens.
Favors hopes to continue to have a good season in football and in college.
Favors mature deciduous or mixed deciduous-coniferous forest, also coniferous forest.
Favors open sunny conditions, but can stand partial shade.
Favors pine, spruce, fir and aspen.
Favors progress in the peace process, but only through extremely tough bargaining.
Favors states rights, usually.
All favors come complete with a personalized ribbon.
Some favor wargames and simulations, while others prefer free-form storytelling.
Some favor works with detailed derivations, while others prefer case studies and product profiles.
Some favors come at too high a price.
Favorable candidates are willing to learn, explore, and develop new fundraising systems.
Favorable climate is one of the most valuable assets of our community.
Favorable climates drive growth.
Most favorable climates drive growth.
Favorable colors are amber and mauve. .
Favorable colors are amber and violet.
Favorable colors are aqua and silver.
Favorable colors are aquamarine and pearl.
Favorable colors are aquamarine and silver.
Favorable colors are baby blue and cotton candy pink.
Favorable colors are banana yellow and aquamarine.
Favorable colors are basic black and heather gray.
Favorable colors are blood red and coal black.
Favorable colors are brick red and cream.
Favorable colors are bright blue and silver.
Favorable colors are bronze and gold.
Favorable colors are butterscotch and blue gray.
Favorable colors are cinnabar and beige.
Favorable colors are cinnabar and snow white.
Favorable colors are cinnamon and gold. .
Favorable colors are cinnamon and pumpkin.
Favorable colors are cinnamon and rose pink.
Favorable colors are claret and mink brown.
Favorable colors are cobalt blue and pearl white.
Favorable colors are copper and goldenrod.
Favorable colors are coral and soft teal.
Favorable colors are crimson and cream.
Favorable colors are dark gray and soft pink.
Favorable colors are dark green and gray blue.
Favorable colors are deep purple and silver.
Favorable colors are electric blue and pale green.
Favorable colors are electric blue and silver.
Favorable colors are electric blue and tangerine.
Favorable colors are electric bue and silver.
Favorable colors are emerald green and rose pink.
Favorable colors are emerald green and sapphire blue.
Favorable colors are flame red and proud purple.
Favorable colors are garnet red and emerald green.
Favorable colors are garnet red and heather gray.
Favorable colors are garnet red and steel gray.
Favorable colors are golden amber and aqua.
Favorable colors are golden amber and aquamarine. .
Favorable colors are golden amber and dark sapphire.
Favorable colors are golden amber and periwinkle.
Favorable colors are heather gray and emerald green.
Favorable colors are indigo and beige.
Favorable colors are jade green and dove gray.
Favorable colors are khaki and olive green.
Favorable colors are lavender and midnight blue.
Favorable colors are lavender and silver.
Favorable colors are lavender and sunset pink.
Favorable colors are mahogany and amber.
Favorable colors are mahogany and bronze. .
Favorable colors are mahogany and bronze.
Favorable colors are maroon and mink brown.
Favorable colors are maroon and navy.
Favorable colors are maroon and tan.
Favorable colors are mauve and coral.
Favorable colors are mauve and cream.
Favorable colors are mauve and magenta.
Favorable colors are mauve and midnight blue.
Favorable colors are mauve and teal. .
Favorable colors are mauve and white.
Favorable colors are midnight blue and lavender. .
Favorable colors are midnight blue and mauve.
Favorable colors are midnight blue and silver.
Favorable colors are midnight blue and sunset pink.
Favorable colors are mint green and aqua.
Favorable colors are navy blue and cream.
Favorable colors are navy blue and pure white.
Favorable colors are navy blue and white.
Favorable colors are olive green and khaki.
Favorable colors are onyx black and steel gray.
Favorable colors are oyster and shell pink.
Favorable colors are pale gold and lavender.
Favorable colors are pale gold and royal purple.
Favorable colors are pale gold and violet.
Favorable colors are pale green and oyster.
Favorable colors are pale green and pearly white.
Favorable colors are pale yellow and periwinkle.
Favorable colors are pale yellow and powder blue.
Favorable colors are pale yellow and sky blue.
Favorable colors are pearl white and aqua.
Favorable colors are pearl white and dove gray.
Favorable colors are pearl white and seaweed green.
Favorable colors are persimmon and crimson.
Favorable colors are pink and gold.
Favorable colors are pure white and navy blue.
Favorable colors are pure white and sapphire blue.
Favorable colors are rose pink and dove gray.
Favorable colors are rose pink and mauve.
Favorable colors are rose pink and soft coral.
Favorable colors are ruby red and glittering black.
Favorable colors are ruby red and gold.
Favorable colors are ruby red and pure white.
Favorable colors are ruby red and snow white.
Favorable colors are russet and cream.
Favorable colors are sage green and desert sand.
Favorable colors are sage green and terra cotta.
Favorable colors are silver and midnight blue.
Favorable colors are soft coral and mauve.
Favorable colors are soft coral and rose pink.
Favorable colors are soft peach and coral.
Favorable colors are steel gray and baby blue.
Favorable colors are steel gray and midnight blue.
Favorable colors are sunny yellow and bronze. .
Favorable colors are tan and burnt orange.
Favorable colors are tan and maroon.
Favorable colors are tan and orange.
Favorable colors are tangerine and lime green.
Favorable colors are teal and carnation pink.
Favorable colors are terra cotta and fern green.
Favorable colors are terra cotta and forest green.
Favorable colors are terra cotta and sage green.
Favorable colors are topaz blue and sparkling green.
Favorable colors are violet and amber. .
Favorable colors are violet and amber.
Favorable colors are violet and aqua.
Favorable colors are violet and beige.
Favorable colors are violet and golden amber.
Favorable colors are violet and rose.
Favorable colors are wine and bronze.
Favorable colors are wine and sapphire blue.
Favorable colors are wine red and bronze.
Favorable colors are wine red and mink brown.
Favorable colors are wine red and petal pink.
Favorable Conditions exist for the informed investor.
Favorable conditions lead to growth.
Favorable conditions lead to population growth.
Favorable conditions lead to rapid growth.
Favorable conditions lead to rapid population growth.
Favorable conditions leads to asexual repro.
Favorable Conditions Prepare contents to be placed in the time capsule in a cool, dry environment.
Favorable conditions result from happiness.
Favorable conditions result in poor germination and poor emergence.
Most favorable conditions lead to growth.
Most favorable conditions lead to population growth.
Most favorable conditions lead to rapid growth.
Most favorable conditions lead to rapid population growth.
Some favorable conditions limit reproduction.
Favorable consideration is given to applications received early in the review cycle.
Favorable decisions indicate the amount and conditions of support.
Favorable economic climates drive growth.
Favorable environments are sea water and salt marshes.
Favorable judgments are hard to enforce.
Favorable outcome is associated with early use of antibiotics.
Favorable performance is rewarded with bonuses.
More favorable prices are also available for stays of more than one month.
Favorable pricing is available on larger quantities.
Most favorable rates are available to members who can collateralize a loan with shares on deposit.
Favorable reviews abound for the new book.
Favorable reviews are sure to spike business as are interesting events.
Favorable scars respect anatomical subunits of the face and lie in relaxed skin-tension lines.
Favorable traits accumulate over generations.
Favorable trends translate into improved profits and stability.
Favorable values are higher.
Favorable values are lower.
Favorable variations are preserved and unfavorable are destroyed.
Favorable weather shifts the supply curve to the right.
Favorable winds appear to have prevented large-scale immediate casualties.
Favorable years are highly unpredictable and the season is usually short-lived.
Favored baits are shrimp, live or dead, and small strips of fish or squid.
Most favored conformations are the most exteneded ones.
Favored flowers are sunflowers, thistles, nettles, roses, partridge peas and certain clovers.
Favored foods are high in calories and protein.
Favorite abilities provide a means to get the needs met even further.
Favorite activity is bathtime.
Some favorite activities are outdoors, reading, bridge, tennis, theatre, dining and dancing.
Favorite athletes are hockey players.
Favorite author is by far the King.
Some favorite authors make departures.
Favorite baits are jigs, spoons, minnows and spinners.
Favorite baits are mackerel, herring and squid.
Favorite baits are night crawlers and shrimp, with some anglers using stinkbaits and chicken livers.
Favorite book is A Prayer for Owen Meany .
Favorite book is The Catcher in the Rye .
Favorite book is The Color Purple.
Favorite books are reread several times and are sorted by the children into labeled book tubs.
Favorite books become lifelong friends.
Favorite books Note that the last example uses no keyword.
Some favorite books have elements.
Some favorite books have emotional elements.
Some favorite books have strong elements.
Some favorite books have strong emotional elements.
Favorite car is a Prowler.
Favorite cities are Melbourne and Sydney, Australia.
Favorite clicks are the numerous interactive illusions.
Favorite color is black, favorite flower is pansies.
Favorite color is blue.
Favorite color is green.
Favorite color is purple.
Favorite color is sapphire blue.
Favorite color is shades of purple.
Favorite color is ultramarine blue.
Favorite color is yellow.
Favorite colors are blue, purple, and sea greens.
Favorite colors are chocolate brown and russet.
Favorite colors are red, orange, and bright blue.
Favorite colors are red, silver and orange.
Favorite colors are silver, blue, gray and white.
Favorite colors are yellow, white, or pastels.
Favorite colours are bright green and burgundy.
Some favorite combinations are orange and grapefruit, apple and pear, or cantaloupe and kiwi.
Some favorite cookbooks have beans.
Favorite cups are very important for setting moods.
Favorite destinations are Israel.
Favorite dishes are liver and boiled green bananas, or beef stew, or possibly tripe and beans.
Favorite dishes conjure up intimate memories, warm associations, and often laughter.
Favorite examples are eyes and insect wings.
Favorite flies seem to catch more fish all over the world.
Favorite food includes fish.
Favorite food includes small fish.
Favorite food is a stolen bite of cat food.
Favorite food is algae.
Favorite food is broccoli.
Favorite food is catfish.
Favorite food is cereal.
Favorite food is Chicago style pizza.
Favorite food is chicken and cheese quesadillas.
Favorite food is chicken fried steak.
Favorite food is chicken.
Favorite food is enchiladas.
Favorite food is hamburgers.
Favorite food is hickory.
Favorite food is macaroni and cheese.
Favorite food is Mexican and Italian.
Favorite food is Mexican.
Favorite food is pasta.
Favorite food is pizza.
Favorite food is rice smothered in pork chops and gravy.
Favorite food is shipboard SOS for breakfast.
Favorite food is shrimp.
Favorite food is spaghetti.
Favorite food is steak and baked potatoes.
Favorite food is steak.
Favorite food is tacos.
Favorite food is watermelon.
Favorite food is wild cherry.
Favorite food makes up diets.
Favorite foods appear to be shrimp and krill.
Favorite foods are bananas, chocolate and rice.
Favorite foods are cakes, noodles, rice, eggs and fruits.
Favorite foods are cellulose, found in wood, grass, and leaves.
Favorite foods are crustaceans.
Favorite foods are jacks, needle fish, silversides, parrot fish, and filefish.
Favorite foods are lasagna and spaghetti.
Favorite foods are lobster, clams, oysters, scallops, etc.
Favorite foods are often the culprit, as well as cigarettes.
Favorite foods are pasta with marinara sauce, calamari and blueberry pie.
Favorite foods are shrimp, clams, crabs, snails, starfish, abalone, and urchins.
Favorite foods are spaghetti and watermelon.
Favorite foods are steak and potatoes.
Favorite foods are strawberries, raspberries and leg of lamb.
Most favorite food includes fish.
Most favorite food includes small fish.
Most favorite food makes up diets.
Some favorite food causes conflict.
Some favorite food includes beetles.
Some favorite food includes mice.
Some favorite food includes nuts.
Some favorite food includes rice.
Some favorite food includes seeds.
Some favorite food includes tubers.
Some favorite food includes water lily tubers.
Some favorite food includes willows.
Some favorite foods are ants, birds' eggs, and grubs.
Some favorite foods are worms, clams and mussels.
Favorite fruit includes peach.
Most favorite fruit includes peach.
Favorite game includes pheasants, rabbit, deer and squirrel.
Favorite games are accessible from the toolbar.
Favorite habitat is open farmland and roadsides.
Favorite haunts are Alaska, Canada and salmon fishing in Michigan.
Favorite herbs are ginger, cloves, cinnamon, rosemary and thyme.
Favorite hobbies are sky diving, scuba diving and rock climbing.
Favorite hobby is basketball.
Favorite hobby is close-up magic.
Favorite hobby is drag racing.
Favorite hobby is weight lifting.
Favorite issue is black racism.
Favorite items are T-shirts, action figures, ball caps, posters, novelty items and post cards.
Favorite items made with needlework are tablecloths and napkins.
Favorite Links are some of our interests.
Favorite links has some good places to go on the Internet.
Favorite Links Link up to other literacy Web sites , resources, and information.
Favorite Links Visit our facilities.
Favorite Links Visit our favorite sites.
Favorite locations are the toe rails and the headsail sheet tracks.
Favorite majors are biology and recreation, park and tourism administration.
Favorite meats are lamb and chicken.
Favorite media is watercolor.
Favorite moments stick out in their minds.
Favorite movie is Beaches.
Favorite music is gospel.
Some favorite objects come to mind.
Some favorite oils are lemon, peppermint, bergamot, etc.
Favorite part is the courtyard entry to our area, with pieces of animation from many films.
Favorite pastime is ocean fishing.
Favorite patterns are olive pheasant tails, hare's ears, red serendipities and red disco midges.
Favorite phrases are usually to be avoided.
Favorite piece is the Moonlight Sonata for Beethoven.
Favorite plants are perennials and wildflowers.
Favorite players look like gods, remote and perfect.
Favorite playthings are dolls, balls, and toys that talk or make noise.
Favorite programs vary among the older kids and younger ones.
Favorite props can be useful, especially in new, high pressure situations.
Favorite recipes are especially valuable, particularly a good bouillabaise or lasagne.
Favorite recipes complete the volume.
Favorite Recipes Find the perfect recipe for any occasion.
Some favorite recipe's from real chefs.
Favorite rod depends on fishing.
Favorite roosts are under the loose bark of dead trees and in cavities of trees.
Favorite season is summer.
Favorite sections abound, parodying one of life's almost perfectly perceived people.
Favorite seed is millet.
Favorite seed is sunflower.
Favorite shipwreck dives and other fun and interesting lists for divers.
Favorite shots are big forehand and powerful service return.
Favorite shows are in bold .
Some favorite singers learn guitars.
Favorite sites are embankments, under sidewalks and roadsides.
Favorite sites are on muskrat houses or in broad beds of marsh plants.
Favorite sites is very bookmarkable.
Favorite snacks are pig ears and marrow bones.
Favorite song comes on.
Favorite sound is the ocean.
Favorite species are bass, walleye, muskellunge, and perch.
Favorite sport is Deep sea water fishing.
Favorite sport is tennis.
Favorite sports are soccer, baseball and basketball.
Favorite sports is another great subject for a poll.
Favorite spots are brushy or wooded and usually involve trees such as pine, spruce or pinon.
Favorite spots are in the soft skin around the eyes armpits, and vent.
Favorite spots includes brookie hole, by the playground and the reeds.
Favorite stories are one of the few areas they view as their own.
Favorite stories make reading a pleasure that children look forward to each day.
Favorite subject is English.
Favorite subjects are antiquities with historic architecture of special interest.
Favorite subjects are the classical still life, flower studies and the romantic landscape.
Favorite subjects are the landscape and abstracted flowers.
Favorite targets are the same visual pollution sites that are seen on private properties.
Favorite targets seem to be older residents, single women of every age, immigrants and minorities.
Favorite tequila is free tequila.
Favorite thing is the personality of the city and the beautiful scenery.
Favorite things Find out what kids' beds and kids' rugs top our editors' lists.
Many favorite titles are available.
Favorite topics are forestry, water and wildlife of the forest.
Favorite topics are the ethical use of technology and privacy issues.
Favorite toys are a yellow ball and a purple crow.
Favorite trees are holly and magnolia.
Favorite tunes are mostly ethno-ambient, goa and other electronica.
Favorite weapon is a huge pike.
Favorite weapon is a rapier.
A favorite is a choice
Favorite isa choice.
Favorites are a mirage.
Favorites are apple slices, raisins, blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, and cherries.
Favorites are Buffalo wings, potato skins and spinach-artichoke dip.
Favorites are catmint, lady's mantle, red valerian, coralbells, pinks, lavender and lamb's ears.
Favorites are cheesecake, chocolate cake and scones.
Favorites are choices.
Favorites are crickets, grasshoppers and insect larvae.
Favorites are dolsot-bibimbab.
Favorites are food, paper, cotton, and beads.
Favorites are from other clubs and avian organizations.
Favorites are kampoong-gi and jjambbong.
Favorites are naeng-myun and chadolbaegi.
Favorites are papayas and mangos.
Favorites are Portland cement stucco and masonry.
Favorites are red fruits, and kiwi is very good since it is high in potassium.
Favorites are simply shortcuts to Web sites, files, folders, or programs.
Favorites are street scenes and real photos.
Favorites are tennis, racquetball and similar games involving a partner.
Favorites are typical American sports like baseball , basketball , and football .
Favorites change over time.
Favorites Click an image to view the clip.
Favorites click here to see a few of our favorite sites.
Favorites come and go.
Favorites differ every day.
Favorites face down just a few feet away, hiding tears and losing innocence.
Favorites Find out which shares our company picked as their favorites.
Favorites Find out which shares our staff picked as their favorites.
Favorites Following are links to various web sites of interest to HR professionals.
Favorites has one small file for every bookmark.
Favorites have matching or blending color for many of our stretch velvets.
Favorites Here are some handy links to sites on the Web.
Favorites is very similar to using the bookmark feature in Netscape.
Favorites Learn the inside tricks and essentials for mastering QuarkXPress.
Favorites list due to the presence of violence and the criminal element.
Favorites list first.
Favorites lose to Finland, get no medals.
Favorites menu to quickly reopen frequently used e-mail folders.
Favorites Open up to five sites in new windows.
Favorites Portals A portal is a website that has information on almost everything under the sun.
Favorites provide a way of creating a shortcut to easily return to the page.
Favorites Provides the ability to create and maintain a shortcut menu for frequently used panels.
Favorites range from pop to rock and roll.
Favorites See Bookmarks .
Favorites vary from regions.
Favorites win approximately one third of the time.
Favorites windows a manageable size.
Favorites work the same way as Bookmarks, but they are stored a little bit differently.
Favorites always get more, and get away with more.
More favorites have to be the Dorado objects.
Most favorites are also available at a reduced price on the lunch menu.
Most favorites vary from regions.
Some favorites are below.
Some favorites are lemon, orange and lavender.
Some favorites come and go, but there are two that are permanent.
Some favorites cover bald spots.
Some favorites cover spots.
Favoritism based on gender, age, or appearance is minimized on-line.
Favoritism can occur for many reasons, and it is usually quite destructive to the group atmosphere.
Favoritism creates mistrust and hurt feelings.
Favoritism inevitably leads to conflict . .
Favoritism is a part of life.
Favoritism is a tendency
Favoritism is difficult to exclude from the process.
Favoritism is enforced through government agencies.
Favoritism is inclination.
Favoritism is insidious.
Favoritism is OK with rifles.
Favoritism is practiced.
Favoritism is sin.
Favoritism is unavoidable, but when coupled with the abuse of power it is oppressive.
Favoritism isa tendency.
Favoritism promotes conflict and competition.
Favoritism reflects a special relationship.
Favoritism runs rampant, preventing some from participating.
Favoritism shown by a parent can lead to serious problems between parent and child.
A favour is approval
Some favours come at too high a price.
Favourable comments cause the person to believe that if thin is good, then thinner is better.
Favourable factors are the following.
Favourable rates are available for extended stays, regular stays and parties by arrangement.
Favourable rates are often available for longer stays and winter breaks.
More favourable traits become more common.
More favourable traits survive.
Favourable trends continue in matters of work and finance.
Favourable variations are ones that increase chances for survival and procreation.
Favoured foods are wild mangoes, figs, bamboo, and all kinds of plants found in secondary growth.
Favourite baits are lugworm, ragworm, peeler crab and sand eel.
Favourite brother is to drown tragically at an early age .
Favourite brother is to drown tragically at an early age.
Favourite colours are orange and red.
Favourite colours are primarily blue and secondarily brown, white and green.
Favourite episode reviews.
Favourite Features Faced with a new product, it is sometimes difficult to know where to begin.
Favourite foods are apples and garden plants such as lettuce and cabbage.
Favourite funds are our shopping list for funds.
Favourite habitats are meadows, parks, open woods, orchards and home gardens.
Favourite links wwp a punk site.
Favourite locations are in river valleys or near small creeks and ravines.
Favourite methods are pole, running line down the edge or method feeder.
Favourite movie is Titanic.
Favourite music is still Classical, esp.
Favourite patterns list import java.awt.
Favourite pets are highly successful when custom enamelled onto cuff links or ladies pins.
Favourite pets are highly successful when custom enamelled onto cufflinks or ladies pins.
Favourite place is Paris.
Favourite places are woodstacks, compost heaps and haystacks.
Favourite quote is none of the below, incidentally.
Favourite seafood includes seabass, red mullet, squid, octopus and lobster.
Favourite seafood is the moonfish.
Favourite spots are overgrown ditches, thick hedges, tangled tree roots, and long grass.
Favourite subjects are, love, prison and the hardship of life.
A favourite is a choice
Favourites are apfelstrudel and chocolate cake.
Favourites are hedgehogs, rabbits, frogs, pigs and otters.
Favourites Divide the board into four.
Favourites menu now has ability to scroll if menu is too full to fit on screen.
Favourites obviously are the ones of female singers.
Favourites View Lists the user's most used pages.
Some favourites are kueh lapis , bubur hitam and es campur .
Favouritism is a particular problem in the work place.
Favouritism is a tendency
Fawn heads are more stubby like a six ounce drink bottle.
Fawn Island is just to the south of the village.
Fawn survival depends primarily on habitat quality.
A fawn is light brown
Fawn isa animal.
Fawn isa beast.
Fawn isa creature.
Fawn isa deer.
Fawns accompany their mother to the winter ranges.
Fawns acquire their exercise through playful games with other fawns.
Fawns adopted by humans lose the chance to learn survival skills from their mothers.
Fawns are able to stand a few hours after being born.
Fawns are able to stand and walk shortly after birth.
Fawns are able to walk at birth and nibble on vegetation only a few days later.
Fawns are able to walk at birth.
Fawns are attacked by dogs.
Fawns are born in late spring, when the large herd breaks up into smaller groups.
Fawns are born mahogany with white spots that fade as they mature.
Fawns are born tan with a tint of orange hue.
Fawns are born tan, as are most gazelles.
Fawns are born with a thin layer of fat under the skin.
Fawns are born with spots.
Fawns are born with white spots over a reddish coat.
Fawns are deers.
Fawns are ear tagged and matched with their respective dams for pedigree records.
Fawns are immobile for the first few days, so the mother stays close by.
Fawns are kept hidden from sight.
Fawns are much more deliberate in their actions.
Fawns are protected by a lack of scent.
Fawns are reddish, brown or reddish yellow spotted with white.
Fawns are rusty brown and spotted with white.
Fawns are the newborn deer.
Fawns are vulnerable to coyotes, bobcats, and golden eagles.
Fawns are weaned when three to four months old, and are sexually mature at about six months.
Fawns are young animals.
Fawns are young mammals.
Fawns begin accompanying their mother within a few weeks.
Fawns begin grazing at just a few weeks old.
Fawns born in the same litter often have different fathers.
Fawns can actually eat themselves to death.
Fawns can clear that pretty well as long as they are healthy.
Fawns can move about as soon as they are born.
Fawns can walk at birth and forage for food a couple of days later.
Fawns can walk at birth.
Fawns can walk when they are only a few hours old.
Fawns come in pale yellow, golden yellow, light brown, dark brown, and also some rare reds.
Fawns depend upon hiding and lying still for survival during their first few weeks.
Fawns easily make it through the winter, increasing the breeding population in the coming year.
Fawns eat first solid food.
Fawns eat food.
Fawns eat green vegetation.
Fawns eat plants.
Fawns eat solid food.
Fawns eat vegetation.
Fawns emit scent.
Fawns give loud bleats or baas to summon their mothers, and whine while nursing.
Fawns grow into adults.
Fawns have (part) antlers.
Fawns have (part) bone cells.
Fawns have (part) brains.
Fawns have (part) breasts.
Fawns have (part) cannon bones.
Fawns have (part) chest cavities.
Fawns have (part) chests.
Fawns have (part) corpi.
Fawns have (part) ears.
Fawns have (part) faces.
Fawns have (part) ground substances.
Fawns have (part) heads.
Fawns have (part) hip sockets.
Fawns have (part) hoofs.
Fawns have (part) marrow.
Fawns have (part) mast cells.
Fawns have (part) piluses.
Fawns have (part) rib cages.
Fawns have (part) second stomachs.
Fawns have (part) sections.
Fawns have (part) skulls.
Fawns have (part) sterna.
Fawns have a good survival ratio, helping the species to flourish in numbers.
Fawns have a reddish-brown fur , with white spots on their back and sides .
Fawns have a reddish-brown fur, with white spots on their back and sides.
Fawns have a very reddish brown color that is covered with many small white spots.
Fawns have chances.
Fawns have coats.
Fawns have conspicuous white spots through their first summer.
Fawns have heartbeats.
Fawns have high nutrient requirements.
Fawns have less than six teeth.
Fawns have little odor for predators to smell.
Fawns have nutrient requirements.
Fawns have rapid heartbeats.
Fawns have reddish coats.
Fawns have requirements.
Fawns have scent.
Fawns have spots.
Fawns have spots.
Fawns have very thin hides that dog teeth can easily puncture.
Fawns have visible spots.
Fawns hide from predators.
Fawns hide in grass.
Fawns hide in prairie grass.
Fawns hide in tall grass.
Fawns hide in tall prairie grass.
Fawns learn behavior.
Fawns lie out for the first few weeks of life.
Fawns mature at two years of age.
Fawns outrun men.
Fawns play extensively in the summer herds, developing strength and dexterity.
Fawns produce offspring.
Fawns rank on the low end of the pecking order when it comes to foraging for food.
Fawns reach ages.
Fawns rely heavily on their natural camouflage, while they are waiting for their mother to return.
Fawns rely heavily on their natural camouflage.
Fawns rely on having little scent and staying motionless for protection.
Fawns stay with mothers.
Fawns stay with their mother into the fall or winter.
Fawns survive to adulthood.
Fawns survive years.
Fawns thrive on milk.
Fawns typically learn certain behaviors while in small groups.
Fawns vary from medium brown to champagne.
Fawns weigh about six to nine pounds at birth.
Fawns weigh lbs.
Fawns weigh pounds.
Fawns often grace the well worn portage trails.
Fawns sometimes start to eat it and then stop when they realize they have a bloody mouth.
Fawns usually are weaned at two to three months.
Fawns usually stay with the doe for the first full year.
Every fawn becomes a sitting duck.
Most fawns are attacked by dogs.
Most fawns are born on edges of open fields or in thickets.
Most fawns eat first solid food.
Most fawns eat food.
Most fawns eat green vegetation.
Most fawns eat plants.
Most fawns eat solid food.
Most fawns eat vegetation.
Most fawns emit scent.
Most fawns grow into adults.
Most fawns have chances.
Most fawns have coats.
Most fawns have high nutrient requirements.
Most fawns have nutrient requirements.
Most fawns have rapid heartbeats.
Most fawns have reddish coats.
Most fawns have requirements.
Most fawns have scent.
Most fawns have spots.
Most fawns have visible spots.
Most fawns hide from predators.
Most fawns hide in grass.
Most fawns hide in prairie grass.
Most fawns hide in tall grass.
Most fawns hide in tall prairie grass.
Most fawns learn behavior.
Most fawns produce offspring.
Most fawns reach ages.
Most fawns stay with mothers.
Most fawns survive to adulthood.
Most fawns thrive on milk.
Most fawns weigh lbs.
Most fawns weigh pounds.
Some fawns are indifferent to the processing.
Some fawns are killed by foxes.
Some fawns are killed by predators.
Some fawns become mothers.
Some fawns consume milk.
Some fawns die of causes.
Some fawns have diarrhea.
Some fawns have different fate.
Some fawns have disorder.
Some fawns have fate.
Some fawns have injuries.
Some fawns have no odor.
Some fawns have obvious injuries.
Some fawns have odor.
Some fawns have same fate.
Some fawns have serious injuries.
Some fawns hide in vegetation.
Some fawns inhale fluid.
Some fawns make up diets.
Some fawns shake heads.
Some fawns suckle for months.
Some fawns survive sources.
Some fawns take to grain right away.
Some fawns use bleats.
Some fawns use loud bleats.
Fawnings are births.
Fax broadcast allows multiple faxes to be transmitted to various clients.
FAX capability is available.
Fax demodulation provides highly efficient transport of fax traffic.
Fax machine is available for work search.
Fax machine is available if requested when conference is scheduled.
Fax machine is available in room next door.
Fax machine is busy.
Fax machine is in a private office.
FAX machine is in the local dialing area.
FAX machine is necessary.
Fax machine is provided.
FAX machine is recommended for contact until email service is re-established.
Fax machine uses.
Fax machines are a further prime source of information leaks.
Fax machines are a necessity, as are computers.
Fax machines are all that is required.
Fax machines are also at each site to ease paper transfers.
Fax machines are also good for sending notes.
Fax machines are also very common.
Fax machines are available everywhere today at resonable prices.
Fax machines are available for student use as well.
Fax machines are cheap and many people have fax machines at home.
Fax machines are cheap.
Fax machines are communication devices.
Fax machines are easy to use.
Fax machines are electronic devices.
Fax machines are handy, but they take up space and eat up a phone line.
Fax machines are ideal for a variety of reasons.
Fax machines are located in offices.
Fax machines are located in work.
Fax machines are often busy on the closing date.
Fax machines are popular tender.
Fax machines are slow.
Fax machines are the bane of modem quality.
Fax machines are the curse of mankind.
Fax machines are the least controllable technology when one transmits patient information.
Fax machines are ubiquitous .
Fax machines are unreliable.
Fax machines are, after all, fairly ubiquitous and highly standardized.
Fax machines begin to hum, local libraries become regular gathering places.
Fax machines can also be useful.
FAX machines can also interface with microcomputers and can double as copy machines.
Fax machines can transmit anything already on paper .
Fax machines come with power saver modes as well.
Fax machines differ in price, depending on the number of advanced options.
Fax machines go away.
Fax machines handle the delay and jitter of packet networks.
Fax machines have a special language for communicating with each other.
Fax machines have calendar functions.
Fax machines have the same safety as a hard-wired telephone.
Fax machines have their own set of rules.
Fax machines make noise on the line that can cause problems.
Fax machines make written communication instantaneous.
Fax machines offer far less privacy than the mail.
Fax machines pose another security problem.
Fax machines provide a new form of fast communication, but also require energy and paper.
Fax machines provide instant access.
Fax machines reach out to other schools, to outside organizations, and keep in touch with parents.
Fax machines spew press releases.
Fax machines store incoming and outgoing pages in memory.
Fax machines take the place of messenger services.
Fax machines tend to be continuously busy in late afternoon.
Fax machines transfer hard-copy images via telephone lines.
Fax machines use the same devices to communicate with one another.
Fax machines waste ink.
Fax machines waste money.
Fax machines waste time.
All fax machines purchased include a one year on-site warranty, including parts and labor.
All fax machines use modems.
Any fax machine can receive a FreeFax if it is in a location supported by a local fax server.
Every fax machine has a place where blank paper is stored.
Many fax machines use thermal paper, an impermanent medium.
Most fax machines produce reports indicating that a fax has been sent successfully.
Most fax machines use thermal paper, which turns black where heat contacts it.
Some fax machines are as comfortable on the road as in the office.
Some fax machines shrink documents to fit plain paper output that reduces the size even further.
Fax modems are cheap and very useful.
Fax modems are considerably smaller and cheaper than fax machines.
Fax modems can take the place of fax machines.
Fax modems use a computer's internal processor.
Most fax modems have two jacks, one for the cord that goes to the wall and one for a telephone.
Fax number Displays the vendor's facsimile number.
Fax number Enter the complete fax number with a country code.
Fax number Enter the three digit trial balance section code.
Fax number Enter the traveler's fax number if known.
Fax number Enter the vendor's facsimile number if known.
Fax number includes all codes to call from abroad.
Fax number is included on the form.
Fax number is on the form.
Fax number is one word, E-mail is one word.
Fax number is optional.
Fax number is the only field that can be blank.
Fax number is the same as phone.
Fax number is the same.
FAX number remain the same.
Fax numbers appear on the list of offices and addresses.
Fax numbers appear on their home pages.
Fax numbers are also available for a lot of companies.
Fax Numbers are at the bottom of the page.
Fax numbers are available.
Fax numbers are in blue.
Fax numbers are in parentheses.
Fax numbers are optional input.
FAX numbers are the same as office numbers unless otherwise noted.
Fax numbers can be dangerous.
Fax numbers change, contacts move to new companies, and companies go out of business.
Fax Numbers Find fax numbers of U.S. companies and individuals.
All fax numbers are fully exportable.
Fax servers reside on a local area network.
Many fax servers let administrators designate specific users with routing authority.
FAX transmissions are FREE .
A fax is a copier
Fax also contributes to excessive paper flow.
Fax also has attractive self-documentation features.
Fax also is a courteous way to remind customers about past due invoices.
Fax blasting really works.
FAX Call first at above numbers so fax line is switched correctly.
Fax can become electronic again.
Fax can come directly to the mailbox of user, without being seen by anybody else.
Fax Click any of the above pictures for a full size image.
Fax Click Here to locate a particular employee by name.
Fax compresses the data before it sends it to reduce the time needed to transmit the document.
Fax cover pages and direct fax.
Fax Fill out the registration form in the back of the brochure.
Fax has several advantages, including low cost and speedy transmission.
Fax has similar advantages but a modem and email are more flexible.
Fax is a good method for transmission of documents.
Fax is acceptable or use our Web reservation request form .
Fax is acceptable, but original is also required.
Fax is acceptable.
Fax is also available.
Fax is also useful for speed.
Fax is another example.
Fax is available for guest use upon request and pay phone is accessible at all times.
Fax is available virtually everywhere today - from the office to planes, trains and automobiles.
Fax is available, but call first.
Fax is best and most immediate.
Fax is better than phone because of language ''problems'' in many places.
Fax is convenient from the point of difference in time as well.
Fax is distributed as a demo version which can be unlocked after purchase.
Fax is expensive but fast and reliable.
Fax is expensive.
Fax is fine.
Fax is immediate, universally compatible, reliable and inexpensive.
Fax is inaccessible to people who are blind.
Fax is low-tech, and more people have it.
Fax is next in order of preference, then U.S. mail.
Fax is only accessible when someone is here.
Fax is optional.
Fax is particularly important for global communications.
Fax is particularly popular for sending business-critical information overseas.
Fax is preferable over e-mail when signatures are required.
Fax is probably the most convenient and secure.
Fax is quick as well as safe.
Fax is quite cost effective, and requires much less time to accomplish than mail.
Fax is second best.
Fax is short for facsimile , which means exact copy.
Fax is short for facsimile which means a copy or reproduction.
Fax is stranger than fiction.
Fax is stronger than fiction.
Fax is stronger then fiction.
Fax is the best way to communicate, given the short time frame.
Fax is the most efficient way of contacting peoplein China.
Fax is the next best, followed by typed and hand written manuscript.
Fax is the same but please call first, it's a manual fax.
Fax is used in similar ways as the e-mail.
Fax is used to disseminate new product information, product specifications and sales programs.
Fax merge allows for simultaneous delivery of documents personalized for each recipient.
Fax offers several advantages over e-mail.
FAX prints the transmitted report - immediately .
FAX Provides information on finding and forming self-help groups.
FAX Provides information on mental illness and effects on families.
FAX Provides information on stress-related matters.
Fax Provides overall physical assessment of mother and child.
Fax receives warnings generated by fax device manager have been corrected.
Fax resume attn.
Fax resume immediately to the number above.
Fax resume or apply in person by filling out an application form.
Fax resume or call employer for an appointment.
Fax resume or call for application.
Fax resume or call to make an appointment for an interview.
Fax resume to above number.
Fax resume with sal.
Fax resumes to above number.
Fax send and receive log, with transmission reports.
Fax sending and receiving and notary service are two other big sellers in our store.
FAX sending and receiving is available to students.
Fax sending by our server is very simple and also absolutely FREE for a limited time .
Fax then fails to be sent.
Fax Use fine mode when faxing.
Fax Use printable order form.
Faxes also change the size of type and make inspection of sizing and placement nearly impossible.
Faxes also come and go from computers, and are never actually printed on paper.
Faxes appear as e-mail attachments.
Faxes are a big culprit as well .
Faxes are a big culprit as well.
Faxes are acceptable also.
Faxes are acceptable with both required signatures.
Faxes are acceptable.
Faxes are an everyday, quick and economical way to receive and give valuable information to clients.
Faxes are another potentially time-consuming activity.
Faxes are available almost everywhere.
Faxes are available.
Faxes are better than phone calls.
Faxes are cheap and a good way to reach someone in print.
Faxes are common in resume transmission, so fancy paper is out.
Faxes are extremely handy for illustrating the specifics of a situation.
Faxes are fast, reliable, and convenient.
Faxes are fine.
Faxes are for the high-speed transmission of data.
Faxes are hard to read.
Faxes are important, too, as is the daily visit to the post office to send and collect mail.
Faxes are just harder to read and harder to reply to.
Faxes are less so.
Faxes are now legal if original documents are sent within seven days.
Faxes are often difficult to read.
Faxes are passive and easily ignored, unlike email, which always seems so urgent.
Faxes are preferred, as letters can take a while and emails are easily deleted.
Faxes are preferred.
Faxes are quick and convenient for sending letters, contracts and proofs.
FAXes are really crisp and clear, and a treat to receive when it's in someone's interest area.
Faxes are somewhat better in appearance than e-mail, of course.
Faxes are to be sent by the individual, but incoming faxes are placed in the individual's mailbox.
Faxes are too impersonal.
Faxes are too low quality to appear in print.
Faxes are unsuitable for publication.
Faxes are useful.
Faxes are welcome.
Faxes arrive in the user's e-mail inbox as an attachment and can be printed.
Faxes can also appear in the message list along with the voice and E-mail messages.
Faxes can also be auto-forwarded to another number.
Faxes can also include graphics images such as signatures.
Faxes can be any length.
Faxes can be graphical and plain text.
Faxes can be helpful as well.
Faxes can be uploaded to a connected PC or printed directly.
Faxes can come paperless, like email, in some cases.
Faxes can contain text and PCX-format graphics.
Faxes can go directly into the voice mailbox, ready to be retrieved and directed to any fax machine.
Faxes can travel on radio waves.
Faxes come in at a fast clip, and tend to sit in the fax bin for a while.
Faxes cost a fortune and E-mail is nowhere to be seen.
Faxes cost real money.
Faxes cover only one subject.
Faxes disappear into thin air.
Faxes do solve the timeliness issues, but they introduce our problems as well.
Faxes flow in a steady stream.
Faxes fly in through the phone lines and e-mail jams up their hard drives.
Faxes fly, phone calls follow.
Faxes go directly to their desk.
Faxes go over a voice grade circuit.
Faxes have a certain urgency, and short ones with simple formats just beg to be read right away.
Faxes have more effect on public servants than emails.
Faxes have the forms of internal memorandums.
Faxes have the life span of a kleenex.
Faxes have trouble with gray backgrounds and thin lines.
Faxes just pile up.
Faxes lie somewhere in between in effectiveness.
Faxes make poor originals.
Faxes result in additional costs for paper and more stuff to file.
Faxes roll, phones ring, electronic bulletin boards light up like a Manhattan skyline.
Faxes talk to faxes over phone lines.
Faxes transform printed matter into a complex series of dots, similar to a bit-mapped graphic image.
Faxes transmit faster with improved fax compression.
Faxs are used for communicating.
Faxes sometimes take a while to be processed.
All faxes remain secure and confidential as they are no longer delivered by a third party.
Every fax appears with an ad.
Every fax is answered by the server.
Faxable information can be sent, otherwise all other information is via telephone.
Faxed authorization is accepted.
Faxed bookings are acceptable.
Faxed letters are acceptable.
Faxed material is often illegible, which makes processing requests difficult.
Faxed offers are acceptable.
Faxed orders are appropriate in some situations, and they are definitely better than verbal orders.
Faxed orders are subject to the same rules as applies to online orders.
Faxed papers are often difficult to read.
Faxed queries are fine.
Faxed registration is available at designated centers.
Faxed registration is available for returning graduate students only.
Faxed registrations are acceptable.
Faxed registrations are payable only by credit card.
Faxed registrations require payment by credit card or financial aid.
Faxed registrations require payment within five days.
Faxed registrations require the submission of a credit card number for payment.
Faxed replies are acceptable.
Faxed service reports to installation crew.
All faxed service is expedited and the expedited surcharge applies.
Faxed signatures are acceptable if absolutely necessary.
Faxed signatures are acceptable.
Faxed subscriptions are available in North Carolina and email subscriptions are available anywhere.
Faxings are telecoms.
Faxsav rate is based on destination country.
A fay is a spiritual being
Fay lives and works in Manhattan.
Some fay are mortal, others are supernatural beings or are part human andpart supernatural.
Faye can laugh about things now.
Faye can sing anything and still make it a good song.
Faye helps with the welding, turning the edges and engraving.
Faye simply kicks ass and looks awesome while doing it.
Faye takes it without batting an eye.
All Fayenatic webmasters are welcome to become newsmaster.
Most Fayette students continue their formal education after graduation.
FAZE teen is an exciting new magazine published for Canadian teenagers.
FAZE teen is written by teens and other young adults.
FBA members practice before federal courts and agencies throughout the United States.
FBA members receive substantial discounts on registration.
FBC rates are the same regardless of the time of day or the day of the week.
FBMC services are available nationwide to both private and public sector employers.
FBTC members enjoy a wide range of increasing exclusive membership benefits.
Fc region shows similar structures.
FCCB volunteers visit residents for one- half hour per week, providing friendship and company.
FCCE students enter directly into a degree program.
FCM preceptors are family physicians, general internists, or general pediatricians.
Many FCSE students participate in competitive athletics.
FDDI connectivity is provided through the two modular PMD ports.
FDDI performance needs to be improved.
FDDI support is still in a fairly experimental stage.
FDDI traffic is carried over two rings, one primary and one secondary.
FDEP distribution contains the source code, man pages, and some example relations.
FDL consultants are available each week on a regular schedule.
FDML file is nothing more than a simple text file with a .fdml extension.
FDOS programs are singular in form in that there are no other components of the attack structure.
FDP friends are welcome to attend meetings and participate in discussions.
FDP president rectifies statements on nursing insurance reform Stuttgart.
FDSL loans are federally-funded and insured.
Fe abundance shows a secondary enhancement also near the magnetic equator.
Fe complexes is understandable.
Fe soils are on slightly higher positions, and are sodic.
Fe has (part) atoms.
Fe isa metal.
A fealty is loyalty
Fealty is a promise between two people to be friends and protect each other.
Fealty refers to absolute loyalty, as that of a vassal to a feudal lord.
Fear appeals can backfire when made too extreme or when the audience is particularly vulnerable.
Fear conditioning induces associative long-term potentiation in the amygdala.
Fear conditioning is when a previously neutral stimulus is used to elicit fear.
Fear of abandonment is another common trait.
Fears of abandonment are also present in the narratives of military wives.
Fear of birth creates problems.
Fear of crime committed by youthful offenders is particularly high.
Fear of crime diminishes quality of life and limits people's freedom and behavior.
Fear of crime fills their lives.
Fear of crime has considerable influence on the behaviour of people and the actions of governments.
Fear of crime is different from crime itself.
Fear of crime is inversely related to crime itself due to vicarious experience and media contagion.
Fear of crime is much lower in suburbia.
Fear of crime is on the rise.
Fear of crime is one of the biggest factors impeding community development efforts.
Fear of crime is worth more.
Fear of crime prevents many women from actively taking part in social and civic life.
Fear of crime reduces people's quality of life.
Fear of crime restricts freedom of people to go where they want, when they want.
Fear of death causes feelings of self-consciousness and, in advanced cases, the desire to flee.
Fear of death deters people from committing crimes, proponents say.
Fear of death is a cultural implant.
Fear of death is a sign of immaturity.
Fear of death is an undercurrent of belief.
Fear of death is fear of the unknown.
Fear of death is natural.
Fear of death is one of the dumbest ideas they put into people's minds.
Fear of death is part of life.
Fear of death is perhaps man's greatest fear.
Fear of death is probably among the greatest fears of human kind.
Fear of death is reduced and feelings of comfort and peace are increased.
Fear of death is the beginning of slavery.
Fear of death is the cause of all human fears.
Fear of death is the final thing to address, here.
Fear of death is the greatest fear.
Fear of death is the mark of a civilization set futility against nature.
Fear of death is the mother of law.
Fear of death is worse than death itself.
Fear of death is, in fact, fear of meaningless life.
Fear of death is.
Fear of death makes for life.
All fear of death is only a remembrance of the horrors of birth.
Fear of disease is another reason.
Fear of failure can also make members feel uncomfortable.
Fear of failure can be an athlete's greatest motivator.
Fear of failure can be rational or irrational, or have mixtures of both as emotions often do.
Fear of failure can make work hard.
Fear of failure finds no place.
Fear of failure inhibits a person's ability to learn.
Fear of failure is a powerful motivating force.
Fear of failure is an inhibitory force related to achievement activities.
Fear of failure is another part of it.
Fear of failure is another reason people procrastinate.
Fear of failure is more harmful than failure itself.
Fear of failure is often the main hurdle to be surmounted.
Fear of failure is one of the greatest barriers to productivity.
Fear of failure is related to many of the other problems listed above.
Fear of failure is simply what it self-evidently appears to be.
Fear of failure is the largest single barrier to individuals taking the exam.
Fear of failure is the major contributor to poor goal achievement.
Fear of failure is the most common reason given or cheating.
Fear of failure is the primary reason why most people fail.
Fear of failure keeps many people from being baptized.
Fear of failure leads to a lack of effort.
Fear of failure provides lack of effort.
Fear of failure runs high among inheritors, especially if their father has been a huge success.
Fear of failure stops so many people from taking that one last important journey of faith.
Fear of fire is insufficient.
Fear of Fires Rekindled as Jakarta is Distracted.
Fear of flying is a phobia.
Fear of flying is a very natural fear.
Fear of flying is mainly irrational.
Fear of flying is peculiar in that it never lessens.
Fear of height is said to be instinctive, so that is probably a large part of it.
Fear of heights is a consideration for most shows due to the size of our sets.
Fear of heights is threatened here.
Fear of heights makes sense.
Fear of injury is an insurmountable obstacle to physical activity in older adults.
Fear of injury is another expressed concern.
Fear of injury is another inhibiting factor.
Fear of intimacy is another mental health bugaboo.
Fear of intimacy is fear of the truth.
Fear of machines taking control is nothing new.
Fear of man is a cruel tyranny.
Fear of man is lost.
Fear of pain can also be a factor for patients with an anal fissure - a small tear in the anus.
Fear of pain can decrease libido.
Fear of pain has no place in that process.
Fear of pain is a major worry for many people diagnosed with cancer.
Fear of pain is probably the most common fear about having an operation.
Fear of pain is the greatest restriction there is.
Fear of snakes is also common among other primates.
Fear of technology increases resistance to adopting new technology.
Fear of technology is a waste of time.
Fear of technology is a well-known condition.
Fear of weapons is a sign of retarded sexual and emotional maturity.
Fear reactions are always present.
Fear activates the devil.
Fear adds to the cost to criminal behavior.
Fear affects our ability to do our job but the victim's fear is horrifying.
Fear again fights for control.
Fear agrees with a spirit of poverty.
Fear allows for men to want to prove themselves in violent ways.
Fear almost seems more concrete.
Fear alone is similarly inadequate.
Fear also avoids the sometimes embarrassing questions from subordinates.
Fear also can be good and advantageous.
Fear also casts out intelligence, goodness, casts out all thoughts of truth.
Fear also causes adrenaline to surge, which is part of the fight or flight response.
Fear also causes many people to pull the trigger on a gun.
Fear also comes by hearing, but it is hearing the lies of Satan.
Fear also enters our personal lives in a powerful way.
Fear also generates internal changes, often described as anxiety.
Fear also impacts performance in terms of productivity.
Fear also increases as the time between jumps increases.
Fear also jeopardizes our overall well-being.
Fear also leads to worry.
Fear also makes administration and management one and the same.
Fear also plays a role in investing.
Fear also plays a role.
Fear also robs people of peace of mind.
Fear apparently is a tremendous motivator.
Fear arises from brain overheating.
Fear arises only in the darkness known as ignorance.
Fear arises only when thoughts about letting go arise, and are mistaken to be reality.
Fear arises out of a sense of misidentification with our thoughts, and a belief in our littleness.
Fear arises within oneself.
Fear attracts the fearful.
Fear attracts the negative.
Fear becomes a form of social control, and women act accordingly.
Fear becomes a part of everyday life for the victim.
Fear becomes a thing of the past.
Fear becomes a way of reacting to a perceived negative.
Fear becomes almost visible in the room.
Fear becomes an insidious intruder.
Fear becomes anger.
Fear becomes excitement.
Fear becomes palpable, and paralyzing.
Fear becomes the motivator of one s actions.
Fear becomes the motivator of one's actions.
Fear begins in at least two different circuits in the brain.
Fear begins to overpower the entire self.
Fear believes the worst at an empty tomb.
Fear belongs to punishment and death.
Fear betrays a lack of faith.
Fear blocks any possibility of living a life of faith, love and generosity of spirit.
Fear blocks many possible realities because it makes one inflexible, stagnant.
Fear blocks the Power, much like a dam obstructs the flow of water.
Fear bre gh a bh ann.
Fear breeds hostility.
Fear breeds ignorance and hate.
Fear breeds insecurities.
Fear breeds silence.
Fear breeds unnatural courage.
Fear breeds violence.
Fear brings astounding clarity to detail.
Fear brings awareness and motivation.
Fear brings blindness.
Fear brings confusion.
Fear brings hatred, intolerance and, often, hostile reaction.
Fear brings in the bucks better than anything else.
Fear brings panic inputs, and involuntary panic input is always wrong.
Fear builds walls.
Fear buys guns.
FEAR camouflages the logic of computer studies.
Fear can act like kindling.
Fear can affect the toughest of people.
Fear can also be disproportionate and interfere with performance.
Fear can also create hypnotic states.
Fear can also jump from one person to the next.
Fear can appear as mild anxiety to abject terror.
Fear can appear differently in different children.
Fear can arise from many sources.
Fear can be a big component of pain perception.
Fear can be a crippler, and many a wonderful writer has been permanently derailed by it.
Fear can be a crippling emotion.
Fear can be a disabling state of mind.
Fear can be a divining rod for finding a good evaluation target.
Fear can be a formidable foe.
Fear can be a good motivator.
Fear can be a great motivator.
Fear can be a motivation for controlling others.
Fear can be a powerful controlling influence in a person s life, and yes, even in their ministry.
Fear can be a powerful motivator .
Fear can be a powerful motivator.
Fear can be a powerful silencer but noone is fooled.
FEAR can be a strangling stronghold.
Fear can be a strong wall.
Fear can be a terrible thing, even crippling for some people.
Fear can be a very good thing.
Fear can be a very useful and powerful tool.
Fear can be a welcome thing in certain circumstances.
Fear can be an obstacle or a motivation.
Fear can be as cathartic for children as it is for adults.
Fear can be counter-productive, possibly even harmful.
Fear can be destructive.
Fear can be motivational and somewhat instructional in itself.
Fear can be our enemy.
Fear can be present in greater or lesser degrees in different individuals.
Fear can be so great that any compromise is worth security.
Fear can be so present in our lives without our even knowing it.
Fear can be the instigator or consequence of a violent act.
Fear can become so great as to give birth to madness.
Fear can blur the distinction between fact and fantasy.
Fear can cause a dog to avoid certain people and cling to others.
Fear can cause a horse to flee or fight.
Fear can cause hatred, especially fear haunted by insecurity and fed by paranoia.
Fear can cause the pain to become worse.
Fear can change perceptions dramatically at any age but especially with the young.
Fear can change the landscape of a city.
Fear can cloud the mind and play havoc with a lifter's balance.
Fear can control anyone, no one is immune to it.
Fear can debilitate, and fear, most of all, can make people irrational.
Fear can definitely get some people to do what they are suppose to do.
Fear can do strange things to one's heart.
Fear can easily cloud a parents better judgment, potentially derailing the higher course of action.
Fear can effect judgement.
Fear can facilitate change because it induces a motivation to protect the self.
Fear can generate super-human feats.
Fear can help change attitudes only if judiciously applied.
Fear can infect quickly, paralyzing action and innovation.
Fear can keep a child from telling someone for a long time.
Fear can keep some people from attending church.
Fear can kill.
Fear can lead to manipulation, masking information, and the like.
Fear can lead to panic and lead to a greater fear of the water.
Fear can lead to stress, and thence to various physical, mental and emotional ailments.
Fear can leave one weak.
Fear can make a brain that seemed full retain more information.
Fear can make false events appear real.
Fear can make kids show off or play the class clown.
Fear can manifest itself in hasty judgments, unkind thoughts and unfair assumptions.
Fear can mobilize, rather than paralyze.
Fear can motivate ideation.
Fear can never be the basis for building a just society.
Fear can no longer be in our lives.
Fear can only paralyze people, and communities.
Fear can paralyze the stoutest of hearts.
Fear can permit atrocity.
Fear can pop up at any moment.
Fear can range from the minute, to the extreme.
Fear can restrain bad behavior.
Fear can skew interpretation of bear behaviors.
Fear can sometimes be a useful emotion.
Fear can sometimes be the best fuel.
Fear can spread like a destructive virus.
Fear can stand in the way of our uncovering and owning our gifts.
Fear can still become self-fulfilling.
Fear can strip the soul to shreds.
Fear can take on paranoid qualities and drastically disrupt the lives of some victims.
Fear can trigger poor and even dangerous decisions.
Fear can weaken the resolve to fight.
Fear can work if one knows how to use it to one's advantage.
Fear carries a rather exquisite taste.
Fear carries with it an element of trust.
Fear causes a desire to runs.
Fear causes all kinds of emotional turmoil in our soul.
Fear causes employees to act in a certain way.
Fear causes great suffering and often creates a weakness within the immune system.
Fear causes humans to produce phermones, which encourages the aggressive stinging.
Fear causes humans to strike first.
Fear causes mental disturbance.
Fear causes pain and torment.
Fear causes people to act out.
Fear causes people to deny they know others who stand accused.
Fear causes some students to set goals that are unrealistically high too low.
Fear causes the descent of the qi.
Fear causes the flight response that greatly diminishes the horse s ability to learn.
Fear causes trembling.
Fear causes various physical problems.
Fear causes worry.
Fear ceases to be.
Fear centres on the fact that the tyres had shred chunks of tread.
Fear certainly is a motivator.
Fear changes one's personality and life choices.
Fear clearly plays an important role in forcing support for the Milo evi regime.
Fear clogs the self and inhibits natural expression.
Fear clouds an objective, rational analysis of the problem.
Fear clouds our minds.
Fear comes because our mind has gone into the future.
Fear comes from feeling powerless in the face of reality.
Fear comes from the unknown.
Fear comes from uncertainty.
Fear comes in many flavors.
Fear comes in many forms and in many guises.
Fear comes in several guises.
Fear comes in the absence of faith.
Fear comes in the form of the rock that is all too quickly approaching.
Fear comes into the market as traders start to throw in the towel.
Fear comes on all of their enemies.
Fear comes with a multitude of faces, each more ugly than the first.
Fear consumes the thoughts and controls the mind.
Fear contaminates truth, and renders it slippery and evasive.
Fear continues to dominate the human environment.
Fear contracts consciousness, Love expands consciousness.
Fear controls the masses.
Fear costs our society millions each year in health costs.
Fear creates a climate that suppresses creativity and growth.
Fear creates a contracted state of being.
Fear creates a cycle of mistrust in which no one is immune from suspicion.
Fear creates a defensiveness that is the enemy of passionate, creative work.
Fear creates a divided heart which brings only condemnation and confusion.
Fear creates a negative energy.
Fear creates booth love and hate.
Fear creates resistance, knowledge creates persistence.
Fear creates the danger.
Fear creates the thing feared.
Fear creates the victim.
Fear creates wounding.
Fear creates, fear persuades.
Fear cripples others.
Fear cripples our ability to use our intuition to discern danger.
Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world.
Fear demarcates a metaphysical border.
Fear destroys lives.
Fear destroys self-confidence.
Fear destroys the ability to learn anything but ways to escape.
Fear destroys the whole capacity for rebellion.
Fear dies when faced by love.
Fear digs holes, love builds wholeness.
Fear disrupts the balance, love maintains it.
Fear distorts our picture of what is real.
Fear distorts reality and focuses on imagined obstacles and problems.
Fear does more harm than the disease itself.
Fear does serve a useful purpose in our lives, both physically and spiritually.
Fear does strange things to a dog.
Fear Does the idea of working with drug addicts, alcoholics, schizophrenics, etc.
Fear dominates the hearts and minds of man.
Fear drains people of their potential and vitality.
Fear draws it's victims together in groups where nagging pains can be temporarily forgotten.
Fear draws the sword to fight.
Fear dresses up as caution.
Fear dries up job-hopping and early retirement buyouts.
Fear drives big time movie making.
Fear drives some to seek knowledge in places where truth is the most distorted.
Fear drives the weak to murder, the powerful to war, and the pious into doubt.
Fear drives the whole machine.
Fear dwells and grows in ignorance.
Fear Eats the Soul .
Fear Eats the Soul decades later.
Fear Eats the Soul is a moving romance, a perverse social comedy, and a biting drama.
Fear Eats the Soul.
Fear emerges out of prejudice and ignorance.
Fear encourages failure.
Fear ensures alertness to seek safety from prey, and aggression and is necessary to grab dinner.
Fear ensures alertness to seek safety from prey, and aggression is necessary to grab dinner.
Fear enters the family.
Fear exists, and therefore, so does prejudice.
Fear extends throughout the city, throughout the nation and even throughout the world.
Fear falls away and other essays from hard and rocky places.
Fear feeds on itself.
Fear feeds on the unknown.
Fear feeds upon itself.
Fear fills the eyes.
Fear finds the most vulnerable part of a man, where every memory treasured is disfigured.
Fear forces one to prepare for the worst.
Fear freezes love.
Fear freezes one's true personality, and in such a state one can commit even the most hideous acts.
Fear freezes or generates change.
Fear generates an independent life for any perceived threat.
Fear generates mediocrity.
Fear generates more fear.
Fear generates the danger which is, moreover, already present throughout our institutions.
Fear gets in the way of direct experience and often generates deception.
Fear gets people's attention.
Fear gives birth to mourning, and mourning to courage.
Fear gives way to carelessness and the junco makes a wrong move.
Fear gives way to compassion.
Fear gives way to joy.
Fear gives way to trust.
Fear grips our lives.
Fear grips the city and no man feels safe.
Fear grips the handle of uncertainty.
Fear grips their hearts.
Fear grows and, with it, the disarming influence of the magician steals over the victim.
Fear grows, and the idea of communicating is too much.
Fear hangs in that chamber like the acrid aroma of camphor balls.
Fear hardens genuine insight into ideology.
Fear has a breath.
Fear has a color . . . and a shape. . . and a sexuality.
Fear has a corrective effect.
Fear has a lot to do with it.
Fear has a powerful way of keeping individuals from seeking information and services.
Fear has a role in preserving order.
Fear has a way of giving way to anger and resentment and resistance and deception.
Fear has an appetite that can never be satisfied.
Fear has in it a mustard seed of hope, the intimation of overcoming.
Fear Has Many Faces.
Fear has many forms.
Fear has many issues that deal with relationships.
Fear has no control.
Fear has no justice.
Fear has no place in education.
Fear has no place in love.
Fear has no place in the driver's seat.
Fear has no reason.
Fear has nothing to do with it.
Fear has released their sleep, so they stand and acquire security in vigilance.
Fear has something to do with it, but only something.
Fear has the largest eyes of all.
Fear has the upper hand for now.
Fear has the upper hand today.
Fear has to be approached positively.
Fear has to do with punishment.
Fear has torment.
Fear has two traits.
Fear haunts the faces of the crew.
Fear heightens our awareness and increases our energy level.
Fear helps with known and unknown fears and phobias, shyness, anxiety, nightmares.
Fear hides the truth.
Fear hinders honesty.
Fear holds back.
Fear holds close, love holds dear.
Fear holds everybody back.
Fear ignites the crowd and price action shifts into a higher volatility state.
Fear impairs our ability to trust or our willingness to form new relationships.
Fear implies an unwillingness, an impulse to avoid which has never been characteristic.
Fear incites various forms of denial.
Fear includes fear of economic loss or injury, as well as fear of physical violence.
Fear influences a person s behavior and thus the chances for success, or even failure.
Fear informs everything that greens say and do.
Fear Instilled in the victim adds another dimension to the dynamic of violence against the victim.
Fear invites wrong figures.
FEAR involves a feeling of danger or of being ensnared.
Fear is .
Fear is a basic human emotion.
Fear is a beautiful thing.
Fear is a big factor in unasked questions for both the family and the transferee.
Fear is a big factor.
Fear is a big part of it, because it's something different.
Fear is a bird that believes itself into extinction.
Fear is a boundary-experience.
Fear is a causal relation between mind and body.
Fear is a cause of unmeasurable waste and loss.
Fear is a child of mis-understanding and malcontent.
Fear is a cocoon that slowly suffocates.
Fear is a common emotion for many low-income children.
Fear is a common motivator for lying.
Fear is a common stopping point for many people.
Fear is a companion of creativity.
Fear is a consequence of poor performance.
Fear is a controlling and dominating emotion.
Fear is a coward.
Fear is a crazy making environment to live in.
Fear is a crippling device of the devil.
Fear is a crippling emotion.
Fear is a darkroom for developing negatives.
Fear is a darkroom where negatives are developed.
Fear is a daunting illusion that almost always crumbles when put to the test.
Fear is a dead cat in the belly, rotting into shit.
Fear is a deadly enemy of progress.
Fear is a deadly enemy of the faith.
Fear is a deadly weapon against the mind.
Fear is a demon, by the way.
Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman.
Fear is a dream stomper.
Fear is a driving force in the current defense paradigm.
Fear is a fact of life.
Fear is a fantastic motivator.
Fear is a feeling of anxiety and agitation.
Fear is a feeling which all people have at some time or another.
Fear is a form of energy and so is Love.
Fear is a form of resistance.
Fear is a form of worship only for human beings.
Fear is a form of worship.
Fear is a funny subject among fighters.
Fear is a funny thing.
Fear is a general state of alarm and is accompanied by confusion and a feeling of being overwhelmed.
Fear is a good emotion to have.
Fear is a good indicator.
Fear is a good short-term motivator.
Fear is a good thing if it keeps one out of trouble.
Fear is a good thing.
Fear is a great ally.
Fear is a great deterrent for completing necessary projects.
Fear is a great deturrent to anything.
Fear is a great motivator to become a quick study but practice makes perfect.
Fear is a great motivator, after all.
Fear is a great motivator.
Fear is a great saboteur of purchases, especially involving larger sums of money.
Fear is a healthy emotion.
Fear is a healthy thing.
Fear is a highly conserved emotion that is seen across mammals.
Fear is a horrible monster no matter what form it takes.
Fear is a huge factor of course, but so is perceived obligation.
Fear is a huge part of survival.
Fear is a huge thing for older people.
Fear is a human element which comes from freedom of choice.
Fear is a killer .
Fear is a kind of bondage.
Fear is a lack of faith.
Fear is a lack of love's connection.
Fear is a lack of suppleness in the energy body.
Fear is a lack of understanding.
Fear is a large part of it.
Fear is a learned behavior which, therefore, can be unlearned.
Fear is a learned behavior.
Fear is a loss of assurance.
Fear is a lot about pain, but it is also about loss.
Fear is a lousy motivator.
Fear is a lovely, concise four letter, one syllable word.
Fear is a major factor why people avoid screening.
Fear is a major propaganda tool.
Fear is a major stumbling block that holds people back in darkness and blockage.
Fear is a man made word.
Fear is a marketable commodity.
Fear is a mind killer.
Fear is a monster.
Fear is a natural characteristic of all living creatures, necessary for self-preservation.
Fear is a natural consequence of becoming self-conscious.
Fear is a natural human response.
Fear is a natural instinct, whereas courage needs a lot of effort.
Fear is a natural reaction to danger or the threat of injury.
Fear is a natural response of seeing a situation from man's point of view.
Fear is a natural result.
Fear is a natural, self-preserving instinct, useful in helping people escape from marauding bears.
Fear is a necessary motivator for immature, self-willed people.
Fear is a negative motivator.
Fear is a negative wish.
Fear is a noose that binds until it strangles.
Fear is a normal condition here.
Fear is a normal human emotion .
Fear is a normal human emotion.
Fear is a normal part of human nature.
Fear is a normal part of life.
Fear is a normal reaction to any danger that threatens a person's well-being.
Fear is a normal reaction to any danger which threatens life or well-being.
Fear is a normal response to danger.
Fear is a paralysing poison that blocks all our actions.
Fear is a paralyzing emotion.
Fear is a part of everyone's life.
Fear is a part of learning how to use computers.
Fear is a part of life.
Fear is a part of our being that exists in our mind.
Fear is a perception of an absence of love.
Fear is a pervasive reality in all of our lives.
Fear is a poor motivation for change.
Fear is a positive emotion.
Fear is a powerful and often damaging emotion.
Fear is a powerful controller.
Fear is a powerful deterrent.
Fear is a powerful emotion, and such appeals to fear sometimes work.
Fear is a powerful factor in reinforcing gender inequality.
Fear is a powerful feeling.
Fear is a powerful force.
Fear is a powerful influence.
Fear is a powerful motivational tool.
Fear is a powerful motivator as is the drive for power and control.
Fear is a powerful motivator.
Fear is a powerful political tool.
Fear is a powerful stimulant, and the media make much of the racial component.
Fear is a powerful tool, and often misused.
Fear is a powerful tool.
Fear is a powerful, paralyzing emotion.
Fear is a primary emotional response to feelings of hopelessness and loss of personal power.
Fear is a primary hindrance.
Fear is a primary motivation.
Fear is a primary motivator.
Fear is a procrastinator.
Fear is a ptomaine, but love is a panacea.
Fear is a question.
Fear is a reaction aroused by the same objects that arouse ferocity.
Fear is a reaction to a specific person, place or event.
FEAR is a reaction to a specific person, place or event.
Fear is a reactive state of mind and can be easily replaced.
Fear is a real killer of opportunity, success and love.
Fear is a recurrent theme among many parents.
Fear is a recurring theme.
Fear is a relative thing.
Fear is a relatively tractable emotion, unlike love or hope which are difficult to pin down.
Fear is a result of sin.
Fear is a scrawny enemy.
Fear is a 'seemly' reaction by the passive.
Fear is a shipwreck of faith.
Fear is a short-term motivator and makes people adverse to risk.
Fear is a sign of imperfect love a.
Fear is a sign of poor self-confidence.
Fear is a sin.
Fear is a snare.
Fear is a specialty, reality is worse, but revenge is divine.
Fear is a staggering burden.
Fear is a state of apprehension in response to a specific threat.
Fear is a strong belief and expection of a negative outcome.
Fear is a strong motivator in politics as well as in life.
Fear is a strong motivator.
Fear is a strong weapon.
Fear is a subjective emotion, but it is on such perceived threats that conflict feeds.
Fear is a survival instinct.
Fear is a survival mechanism.
Fear is a teacher.
Fear is a terrible enemy.
Fear is a terrible thing.
Fear is a time limited response.
Fear is a tool of the devil.
Fear is a tool.
Fear is a tough concept.
Fear is a tremendous motivator of even the procrastinator.
Fear is a trick, a sham, a sleight of hand.
Fear is a trick.
Fear is a turn-off.
Fear is a universal companion to sensitive souls.
Fear is a universal condition, the great barrier to human spiritual growth.
Fear is a universal condition.
Fear is a universal experience.
Fear is a universal theme.
Fear is a universal wake-up call.
Fear is a useful instinct.
Fear is a useful tool when used wisely.
Fear is a valuable warning signal, our natural response to danger.
FEAR is a very aggressive enemy.
Fear is a very counter-productive emotion, however.
Fear is a very healthy learned response.
Fear is a very important subject.
Fear is a vital body movement programmed into the physical body.
Fear is a vital survival response that has been also increasingly seen as undesirable by many.
Fear is a waste of time and energy.
Fear is a wasted emotion there s no place for it in an expedition.
Fear is a way to cripple the mind.
Fear is a weakness.
Fear is a weapon that tyrants use, but time has shown how short-lived and unsuccessful it is.
Fear is a wonderful motivator.
Fear is a writer of the type that is usually prefaced by the word starving.
Fear is about as un-PC now as possible.
Fear is absence of a plan.
Fear is action that can only produce suffering.
Fear is actually good.
Fear is adaptive and can be healthy but unwarranted fear restricts life and causes undue hardship.
Fear is affected by cultural and historical context.
Fear is almost always a function of ignorance, and here there is no exception to that rule.
Fear is also a basis of anger.
Fear is also a motivator.
Fear is also a wound.
Fear is also the opposite of faith.
Fear is always a component that confronts all gymnastic coaches.
Fear is always present in one form or another in adoptive parents.
Fear is amazing.
Fear is an absence of love and light.
Fear is an absence or lack of information.
Fear is an accelerant to anger.
Fear is an amazing and powerful creature.
Fear is an animal response to threatening conditions, but it's an emergency response.
Fear is an asset which is pumped into one's atmosphere.
Fear is an awful thing, and it really destroys a lot of common sense.
Fear is an awful thing.
Fear is an easy emotion to get lost in.
Fear is an effect of ignorance.
Fear is an emotion indispensable for survival.
Fear is an emotion like others such as love, happiness, anger, hurt, sadness.
Fear is an emotion that constricts, resulting in people holding on.
Fear is an emotion that shapes patterns of defeat in the personality.
Fear is an emotion which is caused by chemical impulses in the brain.
Fear is an emotion, a feeling.
Fear is an emotion, an unspoken memory, stored in special parts of the brain.
Fear is an emotion.
FEAR is an emotion.
Fear is an emotional reality.
Fear is an emotional sin and it torments the lives of others.
Fear is an energy rush.
Fear is an equestrian's worst enemy.
Fear is an important part of using mines.
Fear is an interesting component to scoring low.
Fear is an issue that is often overlooked.
Fear is an obstacle.
Fear is an strong emotion.
Fear is an ugly force to reckon with.
Fear is an unclean spirit that causes self destructive behavior.
Fear is an underlying element of much procrastination.
Fear is an unwelcome but omnipresent houseguest after discharge from the hospital.
Fear is anger.
Fear is another anchor.
Fear is another barrier.
Fear is another common early childhood response to loss and grief.
Fear is another emotion cyber scammers are fond of tapping into.
Fear is another emotion that the authors spend time examining.
Fear is another hindrance to praise.
Fear is another hindrance.
Fear is another immediate response.
Fear is another manifestation of the darkness.
Fear is another matter entirely in the grey showering process.
Fear is another method of manipulating our comfort level.
Fear is another of the cartel's effective weapons.
Fear is another pervasive victim response - fear for their own safety and for their family's safety.
Fear is another powerful behavioral modifier at work.
Fear is another reason a man stays away from the doctor's office.
Fear is another word that comes to mind.
Fear is anxiousness, worry and dread caused by the expectation of danger.
Fear is anything unlike peace, love or well being.
Fear is at the basis of most of human activity.
Fear is at the root of self-imposed limitations.
Fear is at the root of so many of the barriers that women face.
Fear is bad .
Fear is based in reality on an exaggeration of real danger.
Fear is based on a lie.
Fear is based on ignorance.
Fear is basically an adverse emotional state and is triggored by an uncoditional stimulus.
Fear is because of ignorance or lack of understanding.
Fear is behind all the irrationality and chaotic emotions that dog mankind.
Fear is better, uncle.
Fear is biological, and it is natural.
Fear is blamed for at least part of the problem.
Fear is bondage.
Fear is books.
Fear is born when desire dies.
Fear is borne of hopelessness.
Fear is borne out of myths and ignorance.
Fear is both a weakness and strength, but also a powerful selling tool.
Fear is both good and bad depending on the situation.
Fear is buffered by one more wisecrack before death.
Fear is but a lack of faith within one s heart.
Fear is cast out of the sphere of the fellowship of love .
Fear is caused by an objective threat which can be pointed to, and avoided or overcome.
Fear is caused by our insistent clinging to the false self.
Fear is caused by the unknown.
Fear is caused from a lack of faith and trust.
Fear is cold.
Fear is connected with doubt - doubt of self.
Fear is conquered by faith.
Fear is consent.
Fear is constant and pervasive.
Fear is contagious and damaging.
Fear is contagious and the young learn early and remember long.
Fear is contagious to a horse.
Fear is contagious, especially in such places.
Fear is corrosive.
Fear is costly in other ways too.
Fear is created by ignorance.
Fear is created by mental illnesses.
Fear is created by the avoiding and resisting of some future possible event.
Fear is cruel and mean.
Fear is darkness.
Fear is death .
Fear is deception.
Fear is defined as anxiety caused by real or possible danger, pain, discomfort or general dis-ease.
Fear is defined as keys.
Fear is dispelled with buoyancy of faith for redemption in a brighter future.
Fear is displaced, or cast out.
Fear is down, uncertainty is up.
Fear is emotion
Fear is emotion.
Fear is especially potent in destabilizing normal birth.
Fear is essential to a rat's survival.
Fear is ever present.
Fear is everywhere and an ingrained part of their personality makeup.
Fear is everywhere in America.
Fear is everywhere.
Fear is evicted and joy now resides.
Fear is excitement without breath.
Fear is exploited by advertising and other outside pressures.
Fear is extreme at bottoms.
Fear is failure and the forerunner of failure.
Fear is faith in reverse.
Fear is faithlessness.
Fear is fear and it is all treated the same way.
Fear is fear of something in the world, llke bombs.
Fear is fear, and respect is respect.
Fear is fear, whether it's for a witch or a rapist.
Fear is fear.
Fear is first in order or instinct, first in force, first in fruit or outcome.
Fear is first in that line, sorry.
Fear is for the enemy.
Fear is forced.
Fear is found in mythology and folklore, and portrayed in books and movies.
Fear is from the devil.
Fear is from the enemy.
Fear is frozen fun.
Fear is frozen on their faces.
Fear is full of expectations.
Fear is full of pity.
Fear is generally the operative factor in converting hateful attitudes into perilous actions.
Fear is generated before the commission of an act, sadness follows it.
Fear is generated by unbelief, and unbelief strengthened by fear.
Fear is gone.
Fear is good, fear is normal.
Fear is good.
Fear is harmful if it prevents people from doing what it is right or necessary.
Fear is healthy.
Fear is hell.
Fear is here.
Fear is ignorance - anxiety is fearing the future.
Fear is important.
Fear is impossible in the present moment.
Fear is in the air.
Fear is in the mind and the mind is indescribable.
Fear is in the mind of the phobic.
Fear is in their bones.
Fear is inevitable.
Fear is infectious but so also is faith.
Fear is insecure.
Fear is insinuated in all loves, good and evil.
Fear is irrational .
Fear is jealous.
Fear is just a four letter word.
Fear is just an emotion.
Fear is just another emotion that hangs out, waiting for itself to happen.
Fear is just another obstacle to be mastered.
Fear is just as good as respect and much easier to obtain.
Fear is just the expectation of pain.
Fear is life-threatening.
Fear is like a black cavern that is terrifying.
Fear is like a fine-grained foggy dust that penetrates into every little nook and cranny.
Fear is like a monkey on our backs.
Fear is like a punishment, nobody likes to be afraid of something.
Fear is like an air borne virus, silent but deadly.
Fear is like pain.
Fear is like walking into a cave.
Fear is limited.
Fear is located in war.
Fear is lost to the night.
Fear is love without awareness.
Fear is meaningful.
Fear is merely an illusion, an empty chimera.
Fear is mixed with hope.
Fear is more disgraceful than failure.
Fear is more effective on female than male.
Fear is more likely to reduce performance, loyalty and effort.
Fear is more pervasive in communities where crime rates are relatively lower.
Fear is more than a threat.
Fear is mounting.
Fear is much greater at night on public transport, for both men and women.
Fear is multi-dimensional.
Fear is myopic.
Fear is natural.
Fear is nature's warning signal to get busy.
Fear is needed for our survival, so too is anger.
Fear is neither good nor bad, it just is.
Fear is never an excuse.
Fear is never our friend.
Fear is never stronger than our spirituality.
Fear is no excuse for abrasiveness.
Fear is no joke.
Fear is no longer an issue, and is replaced with confidence.
Fear is no substitute for genuine understanding and knowledge.
Fear is nobler than sensuality.
Fear is normal and healthy when there is a threat.
Fear is normal and it can be controlled.
Fear is normal when confronted with fearful things.
Fear is normal.
Fear is nothing but lack of faith.
Fear is nothing more than a state of mind.
Fear is nothing more that a state of mind.
Fear is nothing to a lover, a tiny piece of thread.
Fear is now a multibillion-dollar industry.
Fear is now the key.
Fear is of change because change involves loss.
Fear is of the devil.
Fear is of two kinds.
Fear is often a constant companion.
Fear is often an indication of a lack of understanding.
Fear is often exaggerated, the simplest causes producing great excitement.
Fear is often our response to perceieved threat.
Fear is often the consequence of sinning.
Fear is often the driving force to action.
Fear is often the initial response in the face of the unexpected.
Fear is often the product of ignorance.
Fear is often worse then reality.
Fear is okay.
Fear is on the faces of anxious parents hovering as close as possible.
Fear is on top now, a thick layer of cold, greasy fat.
Fear is once again the key.
Fear is one answer.
Fear is one factor.
Fear is one motivation for human beings that was discussed above.
Fear is one of man's most primitive and powerful emotions, related to self-preservation.
Fear is one of our greatest concerns.
Fear is one of Satan's greatest weapons.
Fear is one of the biggest barriers to learning.
Fear is one of the biggest barriers to people embracing the online economy.
Fear is one of the biggest factors that people have to deal with in an emergency.
Fear is one of the greatest deterrents to take risks.
Fear is one of the greatest evils in the world, causing much nervous tension and distress.
Fear is one of the greatest impediments to self-realization.
Fear is one of the keepers of the keys to the gates of consciousness.
Fear is one of the most common elements of the urban legend.
Fear is one of the most common emotional responses to loss.
Fear is one of the most common responses to loss.
Fear is one of the most controlling emotions of life.
Fear is one of the most destructive emotions known to man.
Fear is one of the most destructive, delibilitating strongholds there is.
Fear is one of the most devastating mental poisons.
Fear is one of the most limiting influences in our lives.
Fear is one of the most normal emotional responses to loss.
Fear is one of the most overwhelming reasons.
Fear is one of the most powerful emotions, and is present in many forms of psychopathology.
Fear is one of the most salient and destructive aspects of an alcoholic s make-up.
Fear is one of the passions of human nature, of which it is impossible to divest it.
Fear is one of the pieces of the human puzzle, but only one.
Fear is one of the primary feelings that gets in the way of hope.
Fear is one of the primary sources of tragedy in the novel.
Fear is one of the two basic spiritual forces that operate in the earth.
Fear is one of the worst enemies of success.
Fear is one part of the problem.
Fear is one reason the child stays in an abusive relationship.
Fear is one.
Fear is only an illusion.
Fear is only part of it.
Fear is only the feeling of no control.
Fear is only the lack of faith to get out of the boat.
Fear is only unanswered prayers.
Fear is our ally.
Fear is our biggest enemy.
Fear is our defense mechanism.
Fear is our dominant emotion, motivating every action and decision.
Fear is our greatest danger.
Fear is our instinct for self-preservation.
Fear is our name for the previous moment.
Fear is our negative soul emotion.
Fear is our objective.
Fear is our only enemy.
Fear is our reaction to any threat to our sense of security or well-being.
Fear is overcome.
Fear is palpable in companies pursuing change initiatives.
Fear is palpable.
Fear is par for the course, and therefore so are confidence and courage.
Fear is paralyzed by love.
Fear is paramount.
Fear is part of change.
Fear is part of growing up.
Fear is part of the hero's journey.
Fear is part of the human consequence of sin and unbelief.
Fear is particularly prevalent among women and minorities.
Fear is personal.
Fear is perverted faith.
Fear is physical and can impede skills and judgment.
Fear is plastered with layers of self-doubt.
Fear is power and freedom.
Fear is power.
Fear is powerful, it takes more than comforting words to overcome.
Fear is powerful.
Fear is present in every major life crisis.
Fear is present in the mind, in the body.
Fear is probably the single strongest human motivator.
Fear is probably the wrong way to think about it.
Fear is projected by memory into the present where there is none.
Fear is promoted.
Fear is proof of a degenerate mind.
Fear is quelled by the introduction of schemata.
Fear is rampant as British soldiers round up rebel sympathizers.
Fear is rampant.
Fear is rather a rite of passage to other things, including love among others.
Fear is reaction to uncertainty.
Fear is real.
Fear is red.
Fear is regarded as a primal emotion, essential to our human nature.
Fear is related to the modern German gefahr, meaning danger.
Fear is replaced by confidence in our ability to wake up to new dawns of heightened spirituality.
Fear is said to produce a flight or fight response, but it can also produce a state of paralysis .
Fear is scary.
Fear is separative.
Fear is servile until it is set free by love.
Fear is severe anxiety related to the actions of another.
Fear is sharp sighted, and can see things underground, and much more in the skies.
Fear is sharp-sighted, and can see things under ground, and much more in the skies.
Fear is shown by a grin with no eyelid threat.
Fear is shown by hiding the face, grave looks, tremblings.
Fear is simply a means to an end, and that end is security for the prince.
Fear is simply a one-syllable word begging to be replaced.
Fear is simply an anticipation of negative results.
Fear is simply another form of violence.
Fear is sin.
Fear is small and shaking and cringing in a corner.
Fear is sneaky.
Fear is so very easy.
Fear is something that has hindered people as much as anything else.
Fear is something universal.
Fear is something which a vervous rider can easily convey to a horse.
Fear is sometimes justified.
Fear is spread.
Fear is stifled by wave upon wave of hunger.
Fear is still present on the picket line, but it's usually disguised as laughter or anger.
Fear is strong emotion.
Fear is stronger than arms.
Fear is such a healthy emotion.
Fear is such a powerful passion, it destroys compassion.
Fear is such a powerful thing in our culture.
Fear is such a strong motivation, it overwhelms the goodness in our hearts.
Fear is suggested, rather than flung at the screen.
Fear is that little dark room where negatives are developed.
Fear is that little darkroom where negatives are developed.
Fear is the absence of love, the absence of grace.
Fear is the absence of truth and compassion.
Fear is the ambassadar of distrust and hatred .
Fear is the antithesis of faith.
Fear is the appropriate response to what it truly threatening.
Fear is the atmosphere of the fallen world.
Fear is the basis of defensive, reactive thinking.
Fear is the basis of much violence that occurs at direct action situations.
Fear IS the basis of procrastination.
Fear is the basis of the whole thing - fear of the mysterious, fear of defeat, fear of death.
Fear is the beginning of suffering.
Fear is the best deterrent for invasion and destruction.
Fear is the big killer for our kidney meridian, which contains our vital essence.
Fear is the big thing.
Fear is the biggest block.
Fear is the biggest blockage in our energy field.
Fear is the biggest factor here.
Fear is the biggest hindrance.
Fear is the biggest limiting factor after an injury.
Fear is the biggest problem of adults learning to skate.
Fear is the body's fire alarm.
Fear is the cause of all un-loving activity.
Fear is the consequence of playing the game of life as a game of separation.
Fear is the core emotion in our human personality.
Fear is the core of issues such as racism, reporting of sexual assault and homophobia.
Fear is the dark room where negatives are developed.
Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed.
Fear is the daughter of ignorance.
Fear is the deadly nightshade of the mind.
Fear is the decision to relinquish our powers.
Fear is the definitive statement by one of the most influential of rock musicians.
Fear is the destroyer.
Fear is the devil's kind of faith.
Fear is the distance Too great to traverse.
Fear is the dominant feeling in a relationship based on submission.
Fear is the dominant, the ever-present motive.
Fear is the driver everywhere.
Fear is the driving force.
Fear is the emotion most responsible for reinvigorating the study of emotion.
Fear is the emotional or affective aspect of the instinctive process called into activity by danger.
Fear is the enemy and to use weapons of fear is to have already lost the war.
Fear is the enemy of love, says a well known song.
Fear is the enemy of man.
Fear is the enemy of success.
Fear is the enemy of the damned.
Fear is the enemy to a commitment of submission.
Fear is the enemy, the fear within their hearts . . .
Fear is the enemy.
Fear is the enemy's greatest weapon.
Fear is the energy which contracts, closes down, draws in, runs, hides, hoards, harms.
Fear is the essence of addiction.
Fear is the ever-present emotion.
Fear is the expectation of something unpleasant and threatening.
Fear is the factor that breaks down the solid structure of confidence.
Fear is the father of cruelty.
Fear is the father of ferocity, and the forger of the sword.
Fear is the feeling of limitation and so a sign of weakness.
Fear is the first enemy.
Fear is the first reason.
Fear is the first weapon of terrorists.
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
Fear is the front of the hand, courage is the back.
Fear is the fuel that feeds the flames of failure.
Fear is the great equalizer, the perfect excuse.
Fear is the great equalizer.
Fear is the great motivator.
Fear is the great paralyzer.
Fear is the great slayer of the heart.
Fear is the greater emotion of the two.
Fear is the greatest enemy of well-intentioned people.
Fear is the greatest inhibitor to the progress of mankind.
Fear is the greatest measure in deterring crime.
Fear is the greatest obstacle.
Fear is the greatest roadblock to peace.
Fear is the greatest stumbling block to our spiritual advancement.
Fear is the greatest tool that evil wields.
Fear is the guide to be completely trusted.
Fear is the imaginary mountain that hides the horizon.
Fear is the internal chain that keeps people from achieving their potential.
Fear is the invisible graffiti . . .
Fear is the key ingredient.
Fear is the key that locks the door on everyone' s potential.
Fear is the key The fun has gone out of flying.
Fear is the key to achieving spiritual perfection.
Fear is the key word here.
Fear is the key.
Fear is the lack of knowledge.
Fear is the largest cause for our life force energy to become imbalanced, stagnant, or blocked.
Fear is the last barrier.
Fear is the little death brings total obliteration.
Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration.
Fear is the little death that brings total oblivion.
Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration.
Fear is the magical ingredient for excitement.
Fear is the main catalyst that all tyrannies use to control and capture their subjects.
Fear is the main one.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty.
Fear is the major motivator.
Fear is the means by which wars are begun.
Fear is the mind killer, the little death.
Fear is the mind killer.
FEAR is the mind killer.
Fear is the mind-killer.
Fear is the mindkiller.
Fear is the minds great mortal sin.
Fear is the mind's reaction against the inherent generosity of the heart.
Fear is the most basic human emotion.
Fear is the most common initial reaction.
Fear is the most common one.
Fear is the most commonly excepted emotion that is discussed when describing animal emotion.
Fear is the most crippling disability of all.
Fear is the most important emotional force.
Fear is the most paralysing of emotions.
Fear is the most powerful human emotion to remediate.
Fear is the most powerful of all motivators. .
Fear is the most pronounced barrier.
Fear is the most salient point with it.
Fear is the most toxic of emotions.
Fear is the mother of morality.
Fear is the motivating emotional experience which stimulates fight or flight behavior.
Fear is the motivating factor behind the entrenchment of human beings into family values.
Fear is the motivation for the buddy system.
Fear is the motivation.
Fear is the natural emotional state of humanity.
Fear is the natural enemy of sound long-term investing.
Fear is the negative anticipation of an unplesent event.
Fear is the negative aspect of freedom.
Fear is the new funny.
FEAR is the Number One cause of all sexual dysfunctions.
Fear is the number one enemy during childbirth.
Fear is the number one killer of dreams.
Fear is the number one reason for staying.
Fear is the obvious answer.
Fear is the oldest and strongest emotion of mankind.
Fear is the only thing in the way.
Fear is the opposite of believing.
Fear is the opposite of faith and the foundation of all earthly government.
Fear is the opposite of faith, and faith is about trust.
Fear is the opposite of faith.
Fear is the opposite of love.
Fear is the opposite of trust.
Fear is the opposite of what is needed to create and maintain health.
Fear is the opposite of worship and is the great enemy of intimacy.
Fear is the other bogeyman.
Fear is the outcome of weakness, a coward's friend, an enemy of firmness.
Fear is the outward symptom that doubt is ruling within. . .
Fear is the parent of coercion and tyranny.
Fear is the parent of cruelty.
Fear is the parent of hatred.
FEAR is the parent of religion, superstition, bigotry and cruelty.
Fear is the passion of slaves.
Fear is the path of the dark side.
Fear is the path to the dark side.
Fear is the path to the Dark Side.
Fear is the path to the darkside.
Fear is the physiological and psychological response to a perceived danger .
Fear is the polar opposite of desire as well as love.
Fear is the power by which the community is preserved.
Fear is the predator of our peace.
Fear is the primal motivator.
Fear is the primary cause of distorted thinking and the resulting inappropriate emotions.
Fear is the primary force upholding structures of domination.
Fear is the primary idea-assassin.
Fear is the primary instrument of evil.
Fear is the prime motivator.
Fear is the product of memory, which dwells in the past.
Fear is the product of uneducation.
Fear is the quickest way in sport to find bad luck.
Fear is the result of a lack of faith.
Fear is the result of a limited view of life, that is all.
Fear is the result of Ignorance.
Fear is the result of our identification with body and mind.
Fear is the result of progressively increasing anxiety.
Fear is the result of sin, just as it was in the Garden of Eden.
Fear is the result of sin.
Fear is the root cause of all earthly suffering, all political, social, and economic imbalance.
Fear is the root of all evil.
FEAR is the root of failure, depression and lifelong problems.
Fear is the root of many of our undesirable emotions.
Fear is the root source of anger.
Fear is the root to our bitterness.
Fear is the ruler of our minds when it comes to schoolwork.
Fear is the salt that seasons the banquet of battle.
Fear is the same energy as excitement.
Fear is the same way.
Fear is the sand in the machinery of life.
Fear is the satanic counterpart that comes against faith.
Fear is the shadow bearing untold gifts.
Fear is the single greatest threat to progress.
Fear is the single most effective tool of the dark.
Fear is the smoke screen of impossibility.
Fear is the soil in which are implanted inhibitions and morbid compulsions.
Fear is the soil in which they take root.
Fear is the sound of a father's silent grieving.
Fear is the source for every crisis in Mark, providing the motive behind every major event.
Fear is the source of all power and really funny.
Fear is the source of intimidation over reason.
Fear is the state of mind denoted by a painful emotion.
Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt.
Fear is the terrorists' biggest asset.
Fear is the tool of cult leaders.
Fear is the trap of negative forces or so called evil.
Fear is the uncertainty.
Fear is the unknown.
Fear is the watchword.
Fear is the way of life.
Fear is the wicked wand that transforms human beings into vegetables.
Fear is the worst obstacle.
Fear is their greatest weapon.
Fear is their tactic, and for decades it has worked.
Fear is thought to be the hardest emotion to identify and happiness, the easiest.
Fear is thus incumbent for every Mu'min.
Fear is thus inseparable both from glory and from shame.
Fear is tied in with instinct.
Fear is to anger, anger is to hate.
Fear is to be banished.
Fear is torment.
Fear is transferred to the animal by restrictive handling and extreme restraint.
Fear is twisted faith, also known as wicked, meaning twisted.
Fear is ugly and turns people off.
Fear is understandable in a hostile outside world.
Fear is unhappiness.
Fear is unknown to the one who cooperates with the world.
Fear is unnecessary here.
Fear is unprecedented on a global scale.
Fear is upon many people.
Fear is used because there is no other way to get drugs.
Fear is used to get a person to follow or obey.
Fear is useful if it encourages appropriate protection.
Fear is useless what is needed is trust.
Fear is usually something that comes without an invitation.
Fear is usually the beginning of the freeze of the human heart.
Fear is valid.
Fear is very powerful and quite an obstacle to overcome.
Fear is very real to the person who has it.
Fear is very, very important.
Fear is weakness.
Fear is what causes some students to react violently to simple stresses.
Fear is what closes minds.
Fear is what drives the public, both to and away from the artist.
Fear is what governs much of what goes on in Northern Ireland.
Fear is what it is all about.
Fear is what keeps a teenager from drinking and driving or engaging in other risky behaviors.
FEAR is what keeps most people paralyzed and ineffective.
Fear is what keeps people apart.
Fear is what keeps people away from Detroit.
Fear is what keeps the little child from running into the street.
Fear is what keeps the people there.
Fear is what kept our primitive ancestors alive in a hostile world.
Fear is what makes bull riding the most popular of all rodeo events.
Fear is what makes investors sell at the bottom.
Fear is what makes our society function.
Fear is what makes people hate and dislike.
Fear is why our children, and sometimes teachers, arm themselves.
Fear is why religion persists.
Fear is why writers start songs they never finish.
Fear is woven into the tapestry of our lives.
Fear is, after all, a cheap way to buy votes.
Fear is, after all, a lonely thing.
Fear is, after all, an urban propensity.
Fear is, the 'lime-based' differentiation is getting diffused.
Fear isa emotion.
Fear keeps a lot of people from setting goals.
Fear keeps battered wives from making that first call for help.
Fear keeps children from falling out of windows or from ingesting poison.
Fear keeps residents off the streets.
Fear keeps the peace People sometimes assume that the minute hand of the clock is moved frequently.
Fear keeps their lips closed.
Fear kills curiosity and inhibits exploration.
Fear kills curiosity.
Fear kills love.
Fear lacks trust and faith.
Fear leads many victims to turn against school.
Fear leads people to seek for the illusion of security.
Fear Leads to . . .
Fear leads to aggression.
Fear leads to anger and anger is the result of feeling powerless.
Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate.
Fear leads to anger.
Fear leads to disaster.
Fear leads to doubt which leads eventually to lack of confidence.
Fear leads to excuse-making.
Fear leads to hate, and hate leads to violence.
Fear leads to impotence.
Fear leads to inaction and apathy, which invariably leads to failure.
Fear leads to inactivity and loss of confidence.
Fear leads to measures in the economic, political and military areas.
Fear leads to more aggression, more killing, more war.
Fear leads to recklessness, which can provoke a predator and give it an excuse to pounce.
Fear leads to slavery.
Fear leads to suffering, fear inhibits, fear blocks, fear robs.
Fear lends wings to the righteous.
Fear lies beneath so much of the anger and verbal and physical violence in our world.
Fear lies dead upon the rock.
Fear lies heavily in the air.
Fear lies in the eyes of the beholder, and that beholder becomes the guyblock.
Fear lies in the kidneys and can be transmuted through inner alchemy into gentleness.
Fear limits both action and thought.
Fear limits people in both their public and private endeavors.
Fear lives in a darkened room.
Fear lives in the mind.
Fear locks the door and hangs out the cave canem.
Fear looms large in both men's lives.
Fear makes a great motivator.
Fear makes any change impossible.
Fear makes cowards out of man.
Fear makes governments more so.
Fear makes hope possible.
Fear makes men desperate.
Fear makes people do evil things.
Fear makes plagues and illusions.
Fear makes the search for truth and the knowledge of it impossible.
Fear makes the spirit weak.
Fear marks the core of their appeals.
Fear means awe, respect and reverence.
Fear means one gets to know people very well.
Fear means respect and awe.
Fear melts away, replaced by an overwhelming sense of peace and awe.
FEAR motivates people in strong ways.
Fear motivates people like nothing else can.
Fear motivates the middle class to stay above the lower class.
Fear never begets love.
Fear never changes anything.
Fear never is a good guiding force.
Fear never replaces itself with love.
Fear only inhibits growth.
Fear only paralyzes.
Fear only rises where faith starts to weaken.
Fear opens the door for the work of the devil.
Fear operates in the dark and in the shadows, often stonewalling everything around it.
Fear operates in the previous instance.
Fear operates under the conditions of threat.
Fear overflows from the child's gentle eyes.
Fear overtakes any sensibility.
Fear overwhelms logical thought.
Fear paints a false picture of reality.
Fear paralyses our search.
Fear paralyzes far too many people from achieving their dreams.
Fear paralyzes people.
Fear paralyzes the very being of a person.
Fear perpetuates itself.
Fear pervades the course.
Fear pervades the daily lives of many women and girls.
Fear pervades the executive suites and worker lunchrooms of America's steel industry.
Fear Placing a child for adoption is filled with questions and fears.
Fear plays a big factor, too.
Fear plays a funny part in peoples' lives.
Fear plays a role here, too, keeping people apart.
Fear plays a role in getting people to the table to negotiate.
Fear plays an essential role in nearly all our psychological problems.
Fear plays an important role in the play students are about to read.
Fear plays some role in their decision.
Fear prefers the consolation of fantasy.
Fear prepares on to face the existential dilemma inherent in risking attachment.
Fear prevents attention.
Fear prevents many people from ever reaching new levels.
Fear prevents many potential backpackers from traveling.
Fear produces anger and rage.
Fear produces increased pulse rates.
Fear profits a man nothing.
Fear promotes itself.
Fear provides a shaky foundation for beginning a new journey.
Fear provides energy to sustain one through something .
Fear reacts with self-preserving instinct.
Fear readies the body for fighting or fleeing by releasing the stress hormones.
Fear really is the mind killer.
Fear reduces one to wishful thinking.
Fear regarding possible contamination is attached to countless other properties in the city.
Fear releases neurotransmitters which causes a chemical change in the body.
Fear remains a factor for many people.
Fear replaces love and the devastating result is traumatically predictable.
Fear requires no practice to be perfected once tasted.
Fear resides there.
Fear restrains, restricts, hinders human expression.
Fear retards the brain.
Fear rises during the second half of the first year.
Fear rouses escapism.
Fear rules the day and any bad news from the technology sector leads to panic selling.
Fear rules the day.
Fear runs away, love stays.
Fear runs rampant.
Fear saps our energy and distorts our perception of reality.
Fear saves the changes automatically.
Fear secures some managers in their position.
Fear seems the greatest factor since the spiritual world is of opposites.
Fear seems to be an important motivator in encouraging workers to save.
Fear seems to be at the root of anger and rage that is driving the world today.
Fear seems to be something that is ever-expanding.
Fear seems to be the all-pervading emotion, as the future looks tenuous.
Fear seems to be the biggest factor against making drugs legal.
Fear seems to be the biggest problem.
Fear seems to be the opposite of love because it began with an experience of unloving light.
Fear seems to be the overriding emotion.
Fear seems to be the primary motivator.
Fear seems to breed increased fear.
Fear seems to grip the mind, and frustration seems to fill each day.
Fear seems to have brought out the worst in the traditional retailer.
Fear seems to increase it.
Fear sells - and newspaper editors know that.
Fear sells .
Fear sells more papers and more advertising than understanding.
Fear sends out an electromagnetic vibration, which attracts and manifests our very belief.
Fear sets in.
Fear severely impacts the number of reported hate crimes.
Fear sharpens our survival instincts.
Fear shows itself in a multiplicity of ways.
Fear silences even comedy Only women and Euripides are satirized.
Fear slowly slides the mask of desire into place.
Fear soon becomes hate, and out of a fearful public comes armed insurrection.
Fear soon follows.
Fear spells such as fear and spook the dead can be very useful and very dangerous to use.
FEAR splits the daughter from the mother, into new life.
Fear springs up before anything else.
Fear stalks the classroom.
Fear stalks the corridors, prompting rapid staff turnover.
Fear stalks the galleries and morale plummets.
Fear stalks the land.
Fear stalks the voters as gruesome killings continues unabated.
Fear starts setting in.
Fear states e.g. anxiety, depression, phobias, and obsession.
Fear steals an organization's time, money, energy and creativity.
Fear stems from a lack of confidence, and a lack of confidence stems from a lack of faith.
Fear stems from the unknown and feeds on speculation.
Fear stems from the unknown.
Fear stifles creativity and can make people overly aggressive.
Fear stifles creativity, integrity, personal responsibility and participation.
Fear stops it.
Fear stops the flow and arouses the defenses.
Fear strikes out When abstract evil hits home.
Fear surrounds the introduction of genetically modified foods into our food supply.
Fear takes a tyrannical hold of the parent and, all too often, the child.
Fear takes different forms.
Fear takes flight.
Fear takes many forms, just as love is expressed in many ways.
Fear takes many forms.
Fear takes many shapes and many forms, and it s part of everyone s life.
Fear takes on different shapes and sizes.
Fear takes over the imagination.
Fear takes over.
Fear takes the place of faith.
Fear tends cause instinctive responses.
Fear tends to be one of the basic emotions that repels our good.
Fear tends to cause that hunkering down in self interest that withers civic virtue.
Fear tends to crop up in the absence of information, and rumor quickly replaces fact.
Fear tends to result in self-limiting of risk.
Fear threatens again.
Fear threatens also to produce or generate destruction.
Fear threatens the exposure of the Dark side of self.
Fear too has two sides, fear of the right things is healthy, fear of the wrong things is unhealthy.
Fear too is a kind of prayer, though to a different god.
Fear transcends all cultures and time horizons.
Fear triggers physical changes that prepares the body to fight or flee a dangerous situation.
Fear turns into panic which inhibits speech.
Fear turns ordinary shadows into menacing figures.
Fear turns pages.
Fear turns parents' love of their own children into a hatred for the predatory outsider.
Fear turns to panic.
Fear undermines our innate happiness and freedom.
Fear wants to control, faith can trust.
Fear wipes out learning.
Fear works against political participation.
Fear works because the public is content to be utterly ignorant about the system they so cherish.
Fear works to intensify the power of the mob.
Fear worships the letter.
Fears abound in the tea and coffee sector.
Fears appear in different forms for each person and can cripple the best intentions.
Fears are a big topic in here.
Fears are a normal part of childhood.
Fears are a result of a violent death in a past life and immature mother.
Fears are as many as there are the types of men.
Fears are close to the surface and often difficult to control.
Fears are illusions.
Fears are like gravity, pulling it to the earth.
Fears are most common between the ages of two and six.
Fears are natural and often are learned behaviors.
Fears are now that dogs are at risk.
Fears are often inappropriate.
Fears are part of life.
Fears are real to children.
Fears are without a doubt the number one success stopper.
Fears arise over the dilution of military population on the patch and security problems.
Fears associated to perception can also be an explanation of bystander effect.
Fears build up as a result of our activities.
Fears can also be a natural instinct, like a fear of loud noises, which have a survival function.
Fears can be real or imagined.
Fears can be very difficult to face.
Fears can double if the patient is symptomatic or has a strong family history of breast cancer.
Fears can stem from early sexual abuse, performance failure, or even the possibility of pregnancy.
Fears come in many sizes and shapes.
Fears continue to rise across the nation over bio-terrorism, especially anthrax.
Fears escalate with stress at home.
Fears exist also when they are shopping on the web.
Fears go away once work on the computers start.
Fears hate more than anything else to be defeated.
Fears have a biological base in self-preservation.
Fears leave like the clouds from the sky, As a warm day in spring.
Fears lie on privacy.
Fears range from voter fraud and privacy violations to professional hackers and jammed lines.
Fears regarding the ill effects of calculator use, however, are unfounded.
Fears stem from motivation through experience in being thwarted or harms received.
Fears stem from perceived health and financial risks.
Fears surface after graduation from high school.
Fears surface when a subject taps into the negative sides of planets.
Fears surrounding methadone reflect an unbalanced focus on risks as opposed to benefits.
Fears threaten from every corner.
Fears vanish as soon as one is fairly free in the wilderness.
Fear always replaces greed in over-speculated markets.
Fear frequently motivates in a negative way and can be counter productive.
Fear often accompanies threatening hallucinations or perceived threatening injuries.
Fear often comes for the right reasons, but many times it's there for the wrong reasons.
Fear often compels individuals and families to impose limitations on their own freedom and comfort.
Fear often creates distrust, especially of anyone that looks like an enemy.
Fear often highlights new challenges.
Fear often is reduced with education and life experience.
Fear often keeps a home-based business person from reaching out.
Fear often leads to shock which makes the situation more dangerous.
Fear often obscures a possible value base for action.
Fear often paralyses the soul and the progress has been slow.
Fear often paralyzes people.
Fear often prevents reformation within a marriage.
FEAR often receives requests for speakers from various groups around the country.
Fear often results in overprotection, feelings of isolation, and needless activity restrictions.
Fears often develop during the preschool years.
Fears often express themselves as temper tantrums.
Fears often mask wishes, just as wishes can mask fears.
Fears often surround the soul.
Fear sometimes overwhelms people today.
Fear usually comes dressed up as an excuse.
Fear usually does.
Fear usually keeps people quiet.
Fear usually leads to compromise.
Fear usually leads to keeping silent.
Fear usually stems from the unknown.
All fear comes from the lack of knowledge and information about the subject feared.
All fear has a thought and a feeling associated with it.
All fear is a sign of want of faith.
All fear is conflict within.
All fear is gone now and the girls dance merrily, setting all the life-sized dolls in motion.
All fear is gone.
All fear is nothing more than the ego s expectancy of an upcoming contradiction.
All fear is removed and all desire is satisfied.
All fear is set aside in love.
All fear is, in essence, fear of the future.
All fear is, is twisted faith.
All fears are fears of shadows.
Any fear is an illusion.
Any fear is forgotten, however, as the beauty of the river is stunning.
Any fear soon gives way to the sheer joy of ascending.
Every fear is past.
Many fears also come from another lifetime.
Many fears are normal by-products of a child's development.
Many fears are unrealistic.
Many fears are useful and even essential.
Many fears are warnings from the basic motivation for survival and security.
Many fears arise from a lack of information or misinformation.
More fear is experienced when descending than ascending stairs.
More fear keeps people in line.
Most fear is fear of the unknown.
Most fear is unhealthy.
Most fears abate with time as children discover they can cope.
Most fears are irrational and unreasonable.
Most fears have some basis in reality.
Some fear persists.
Some fear reprisal from their parents.
Some fears appear to be universal.
Some fears are simply irrational.
Some fears are universal.
Some fears are valid, of course.
Some fears are well founded and really help with the child's adaptation to the world.
Some fears develop with independence.
Some fears die hard.
Some fears get in the way more than others.
Some fears prove to have at least some legitimacy.
Some fearful crisis is at hand, they feel sure.
Fearful days lie ahead for the American people.
Fearful dogs can be just as dangerous as aggressive ones.
Fearful dogs do it as one final attempt to keep possession over the item before giving in.
Fearful dogs take a lot of training and can bite or snap when they feel threatened.
Most fearful dogs tend to stay quite close to their owner.
Fearful fliers like to be in control.
Fearful flyers talk of shame, embarrassment and disappointment.
Fearful humans become averse to risk-taking.
Fearful humans become functionaries and civil servants.
Fearful parents produce fearful pups.
Fearful people are busy with other things.
Fearful people are high on anxiety and high on avoidance.
Fearful people are peculiarly vulnerable to cultural trances.
Fearful people play it safe and never take chances or assume risks.
Fearful situations are something like that.
Fearful whispers resound around the class.
Fearings causes hatings.
Fearings causes violence.
Fearings is worrying.
Fearless flyers begin their flight by making that all-important pull on the ripcord.
Fearless hunter stalks a mouse at the base of the tree.
Some fearless hunters eat rattlesnakes.
Fearless motherhood goes out in love and passion for justice to all mankind.
Some fearsome creatures are things to be remembered.
Fearsome monsters roam the countryside.
Feasibility reports are available to serious parties.
Feasibility studies are also available.
Feasibility studies are also under way at three large salmon hatcheries in British Columbia.
Feasibility studies are at advanced stages of completion.
Feasibility studies are essential for commercial office, industrial, resort and hotel investors.
Feasibility studies are in progress in several other Swedish municipalities.
Feasibility studies are in progress.
Feasibility studies are the nuts and bolts of project planning.
Feasibility studies are underway .
Feasibility studies are underway.
Feasibility studies can be very valuable for licensing technologies in a variety of fields.
Feasibility studies enable clients to properly assess potential or developing projects.
Feasibility studies provide the framework and rationale for the allocation of resources.
Feasibility studies start now.
Feasibility studies underpin commercial project development.
Feasibility study emphasizes data analysis and decision making on applicable remedial technologies.
Feasibility study is underway.
Feasibility study requires, services as they exist, continuation of present growth.
Feasibility trials have to be run.
Feasibility also affects the choice of negotiation strategy.
Feasibility also depends on having an appropriate scope for the duration of the project.
Feasibility analyses for wastewater treatment and disposal options.
Feasibility deals primarily with design and engineering considerations.
Feasibility depends on redistribution of power and responsibility.
Feasibility implies stability.
Feasibility is a limiting factor.
Feasibility is a particular concern.
Feasibility is a question of fact.
Feasibility is also important.
Feasibility is another yardstick.
Feasibility is assured.
Feasibility is decided on a case by case basis.
Feasibility is demonstrated by the implementation of a custom hardware and software solution.
Feasibility is maintained thereafter.
Feasibility is obtained by minimizing a sum of constraint violations.
Feasibility is the fundamental issue.
Feasibility is the likely hood or probability of an event of process taking place.
Feasibility is usefulness
Feasible regions quantify the configuration power of arrays with multiple fault types .
Feasible regions receive sunlight.
Most feasible regions receive sunlight.
Feasible values are group, checkbox, radio.
Feast days help to limit the sense of deprivation and guilt that can occur with other diets.
A feast is dinner
Feast is a time of prayer and sanctification.
Feast is enjoyed.
Feast is potluck, please bring a dish to share and a non-perishable food item for charity.
Feast is yet another opportunity to meet and make many new friends.
Feast lures bigger crowd Great things come from humble beginnings.
Feasts alternate in purple and blue with major feasts in gold.
Feasts are a part of our ceremonies and traditions.
Feasts are also a regular occurrence, especially with visitors and guests in the village.
Feasts are prepared that include puri , a preparation of raw jackfruit, halwa , and malpua .
Feasts play a major role in the Tongan lifestyle.
Feasts play major role in Tongan lifestyle.
Feasts always require mediaeval clothing.
Many feasts occur here.
Feasting food is provided by all participants.
Feastings are eating.
Feastings are meals.
A feat is achievement
FEAT continues to be a small program with limited resources.
FEAT indicates feature stories on a car without testing.
FEAT is also useful in operations, where it can help identify causes of failures after they occur.
FEAT sponsors many workshops, conferences and events throughout the year.
Feats cover a plethora of special abilities that characters can gain.
Feats There are actually fairly few new feats in the system.
Some feats also have prerequisites.
Some feats have prerequisites.
Feather art plays a prominent role in their ceremonial rituals and festivals.
Feather color can be due to pigments or to structural color.
Some feather coloration comes from food.
Some feather dinosaurs provide insight.
Feather dusters can scratch paintings.
Feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as .
Feather flowers is as real as fresh flower.
Some feather friends enjoy oatmeals.
Feather growth is most advanced along the wings, and the legs and feet are stronger.
Feather loss is apparent over most of the body.
Feather mites suck blood.
Feather picking can result in bare patches of skin, or even breakage in the skin itself.
Feather picking is a form of self-mutilation which can can result from boredom and stress.
Feather picking is generally a problem of birds in captivity.
Feather River has just two players on the North squad.
Feather River is the main eastern tributary.
A feather is a cover
A feather is a material
Feather bring about some field meanwhile presented goose down jacket.
Feather bring about some field meanwhile presented outdoor cooking.
Feather bring about some field meanwhile presented wing shooting.
Feather bring about some field meanwhile presented womens cotton denim skirt.
Feather isa covering.
Feather isa material.
Feather isa stuff.
Feathers act as insulation and allow for flight.
Feathers adorn buffalo as well.
Feathers also allow emus to regulate temperature and cope with extreme changes in weather.
Feathers also come in a dazzling array of colors, shapes and sizes.
Feathers also fade in light.
Feathers also function to control air movements around the wing.
Feathers also give off dander, plus they serve as a food source for dust mites.
Feathers also help to waterproof a bird's body.
Feathers also protect birds from UV light.
Feathers also provide waterproofing and protection, and are crucial for flight.
Feathers also work to keep water out, keeping birds dry in the rain.
Feathers apparently are very effective as detectors of microwave radiation.
Feathers appear ruffled.
Feathers appear through the down at about eighteen days.
Feathers are a facinating product.
Feathers are a favored item for softening the nest interior.
Feathers are a gift from the sky spirits.
Feathers are a lightweight way to stay warm and help the bird maneuver through the air.
Feathers are a natural by-product.
Feathers are actually complex branched skin appendages.
Feathers are aerodynamic beauties.
Feathers are all different.
Feathers are also a common image on the pottery.
Feathers are also problem.
Feathers are also wrong.
Feathers are an adaptation of reptilian scales.
Feathers are an apomorphy for birds.
Feathers are another source of sensitivity in the home.
Feathers are clean and sanitized.
Feathers are complex, designed structures required for flight, and are today found only on birds.
Feathers are composed mainly of a. albumen.
Feathers are composed of a shaft with several long thin structures called barbs.
Feathers are cracks of various sizes.
Feathers are currently unknown from ceratosaur remains.
Feathers are dark with a purple iridescence.
Feathers are easy to collect in large numbers for free.
Feathers are either black and glossy or soft and rather brown or blue.
Feathers are enriched with amino acids.
Feathers are entirely plausible for the creature.
Feathers are flexible but very weak.
Feathers are fluffed and there's a lot of dipping and ducking, grunting and bobbing around.
Feathers are free.
Feathers are good insulators because they help the birds trap warm air around their skin.
Feathers are great insulation which is good for cold weather but bad for hot weather.
Feathers are heavily plumed at the top and base.
Feathers are highly modified scales, and are important in several ways.
Feathers are highly modified scales.
Feathers are highly probable in the advanced bird-like theropods.
Feathers are important in keeping birds warm.
Feathers are important to keep penguins warm and to keep cold water from touching their skin.
Feathers are in no way frayed or modified scales.
Feathers are light but very strong.
Feathers are light.
Feathers are lighter, steer better, and eliminate clearance problems.
Feathers are lightweight, durable, and in some cases waterproof.
Feathers are located in bids.
Feathers are located in birds.
Feathers are located in cages.
Feathers are located in caps.
Feathers are located in feather dusters.
Feathers are located in hats.
Feathers are located in pillows.
Feathers are made of beta-keratin, a protein similar to the keratin of reptile scales.
Feathers are made of keratin.
Feathers are made of keratin.
Feathers are made out of keratin, the same protein found in hair and nails.
Feathers are most important in thermoregulation, locomotion, and communication.
Feathers are natural and Rings are leather wrapped in black, brown, or tan.
Feathers are natural with no dyes used.
Feathers are necessary for flight, insulation, and courtship displays.
Feathers are of course also necessary for flight and for gliding and soaring.
Feathers are one of the most prominent features of a bird's anatomy, and they are unique to birds.
Feathers are one thing that makes a bird a bird.
Feathers are ostrich feathers unless otherwise noted.
Feathers are ostrich unless otherwise noted.
Feathers are outgrowths of the skin which are nourished by blood vessels.
Feathers are part of birds.
Feathers are part of rowing.
Feathers are pstrich unless otherwise noted.
Feathers are rotation.
Feathers are scales which have been elongated and raised as large planar structures.
Feathers are slow to compost.
Feathers are solid objects.
Feathers are strong as a result of a vane center, however, feathers have little softness value.
Feathers are symbols of loftier ideals.
Feathers are the diagnostic feature of modern birds.
Feathers are the feature that most clearly distinguishes the birds from their dinosaur ancestors.
Feathers are the one most distinguishing characteristic of birds.
Feathers are their calling cards.
Feathers are tremendous insulators.
Feathers are unaffected by ultra-violet rays.
Feathers are unique to birds.
Feathers are uniquely avian.
Feathers are used for decoration.
Feathers are used for flight.
Feathers are very popular decorations for hats.
Feathers basically serve as the bird's protection.
Feathers become worn with use and are usually replaced every year.
Feathers begin growth from under the skin in a blood rich 'quill'.
Feathers can effectively mask even severe emaciation or abdominal distention.
Feathers can reflect diet or environment.
Feathers can serve a variety of purposes.
Feathers can then become waterlogged, causing the bird to sink.
Feathers cling to beards.
Feathers colored by pigments range from crow black to canary yellow and cardinal red.
Feathers come and feathers go, sometimes fall all in a row.
Feathers come down too low.
Feathers come from birds.
Feathers come from chicks.
Feathers come in many designs.
Feathers come in pairs, and an archer's pair is three.
Feathers compose the largest portion of the protein requirements of birds.
Feathers consist of interlocking microscopic structures that are light, but very strong.
Feathers contain huge quantities of the sulphur containing amino acids.
Feathers continue to be added during egg laying and incubation.
Feathers continue to be brought.
Feathers continue to expand daily.
Feathers cover most of the short beak.
Feathers cover tails.
Feathers cover the remains of the chariot that sprouts seven horned heads.
Feathers create surfaces.
Feathers decorate most of the altars and kachinas.
Feathers do many jobs for birds.
Feathers do, however, seem to be mostly a theropod trait.
Feathers drift upon a wind, Unheeded, And the dream flies on, seeking another dreamer.
Feathers enable a bird to fly and help it maintain a constant body temperature.
Feathers end in indentations.
Feathers extend down to the legs, sometimes to the talons.
Feathers fly in first bird debate .
Feathers fly over fossil 'fraud'.
Feathers fly over logging controversy.
Feathers form from the epidermis.
Feathers form layers.
Feathers further serve as great displays, especially when courting.
Feathers generate their own light and color effects.
Feathers get ratty over time, losing some of their insulative and protective qualities.
Feathers give birds colour .
Feathers give birds colour.
Feathers give cranes both the ability to fly and to regulate their temperature.
Feathers grow from well defined feather tracts called pterylae.
Feathers grow individually from tube-like follicles similar to hair follicles.
Feathers grow out of skin follicles, just as human hair does.
Feathers grow quickly and are then sealed off at the base.
Feathers have (part) barbs.
Feathers have (part) corpi.
Feathers have (part) sections.
Feathers have a base on one side only.
Feathers have a central shaft with a vane or web on either side.
Feathers have a central shaft.
Feathers have a number of utilitarian, cultural and religious uses.
Feathers have and incredible varieties of colors, textures, shapes and sizes.
Feathers have appearances.
Feathers have brown color.
Feathers have centers.
Feathers have color.
Feathers have dark brown centers.
Feathers have dark spots.
Feathers have fringes.
Feathers have functions.
Feathers have greenish sheen.
Feathers have incredible insulating quality.
Feathers have no more smell than down feathers.
Feathers have pigment.
Feathers have purple sheen.
Feathers have sheen.
Feathers have specific functions.
Feathers have spines.
Feathers have spots.
Feathers have their own rigidity and make up the wing blade.
Feathers have tips.
Feathers have use.
Feathers help a bird fly.
Feathers help heat.
Feathers help keep birds warm and dry.
Feathers insulate the bird from the sun's heat and protect it from the cold.
Feathers keep body heat in, allowing the body to decompose faster.
Feathers keep the bird insulated, weather proofed, and they even help a bird find a mate.
Feathers look like bird feathers.
Feathers look like feathers.
Feathers lose ability.
Feathers lose insulate ability.
Feathers make birds unique animals.
Feathers make up about one-sixth of a bird s weight.
Feathers make up beautiful plumages.
Feathers make up plumages.
Feathers mean change, so when a person dies, they are usually used in the funeral.
Feathers nearly conceal the bill.
Feathers offer extra protection.
Feathers offer protection.
Feathers offers beautiful fashions and accessories in a warm and welcoming atmosphere.
Feathers only go so far to keep a chicken warm, and even ducks can only take so much cold.
Feathers originate in a skin layer deep under the outer layer that forms scales.
Feathers perform a number of functions for a bird.
Feathers perform a variety of functions, including aerodynamics, insulation, camouflage and display.
Feathers point backward.
Feathers present . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Feathers prevent birds from getting too wet, and are an important part of their wings.
Feathers protect a bird's skin and help it keep warm.
Feathers provide a light, warm coat.
Feathers provide a more natural death.
Feathers provide a variety of functions.
Feathers provide insulation and aid in flight.
Feathers provide insulation.
Feathers provide more guidance control than plastic vanes.
Feathers replace their down coats in three to five weeks.
Feathers require substantially more set time than plastic vanes.
Feathers ruffled by the chilly wind, eagles also have the munchies.
Feathers serve as insulation.
Feathers serve dual purposes.
Feathers serve purposes.
Feathers smell when wet.
Feathers spread as waters wash to naked flesh.
Feathers Still Fly.
Feathers swirl in the air where snowflakes used to fall.
Feathers swirl in the air, ancient cellophane disintegrates into yellow squares.
Feathers usually cover the body, protecting the skin and providing insulation.
All feathers also provide heat retention and some are waterproof.
All feathers are from birds that are molting or that died of natural causes.
All feathers are light and many capture the air due to their shape.
Every feather is exquisitely hand-painted.
Many feathers are iridescent and require sunlight to show colors.
Many feathers develop fault bars across the vane.
More feather tend to change the shape, which is undesirable.
More feathers float downward.
Most feathers are made of keratin.
Most feathers come from birds.
Most feathers come from chicks.
Most feathers consist of the following parts.
Most feathers cover tails.
Most feathers create surfaces.
Most feathers form layers.
Most feathers have appearances.
Most feathers have brown color.
Most feathers have centers.
Most feathers have color.
Most feathers have dark brown centers.
Most feathers have dark spots.
Most feathers have fringes.
Most feathers have functions.
Most feathers have pigment.
Most feathers have specific functions.
Most feathers have spines.
Most feathers have spots.
Most feathers have tips.
Most feathers help heat.
Most feathers look like bird feathers.
Most feathers look like feathers.
Most feathers lose ability.
Most feathers lose insulate ability.
Most feathers make up beautiful plumages.
Most feathers make up plumages.
Most feathers offer extra protection.
Most feathers offer protection.
Most feathers provide insulation.
Most feathers serve as insulation.
Most feathers serve dual purposes.
Most feathers serve purposes.
Some feathers absorb water.
Some feathers are big.
Some feathers are small.
Some feathers become fish slime.
Some feathers become slime.
Some feathers change color.
Some feathers come from geese.
Some feathers come from leave sides.
Some feathers come from parrots.
Some feathers come from sides.
Some feathers come from turkeys.
Some feathers consist of barbs.
Some feathers consist of shafts.
Some feathers cover bellies.
Some feathers cover chests.
Some feathers cover feet.
Some feathers cover shoulders.
Some feathers cover wings.
Some feathers experience air resistance.
Some feathers experience resistance.
Some feathers feature shafts.
Some feathers get mud.
Some feathers have barbs.
Some feathers have barbules without barbicels.
Some feathers have both pennaceous and plumaceous portions.
Some feathers have brown centers extending toward the base and contrasting light tan tips and edges.
Some feathers have designs.
Some feathers have dots.
Some feathers have edges.
Some feathers have egg teeth.
Some feathers have levels.
Some feathers have many colors.
Some feathers have patterns.
Some feathers have stripes.
Some feathers have structures.
Some feathers have surfaces.
Some feathers have teeth.
Some feathers have tiny slits.
Some feathers have unique patterns.
Some feathers have values.
Some feathers have yellowish stripes.
Some feathers help growth.
Some feathers produce heat.
Some feathers protect nostrils.
Some feathers provide evidence.
Some feathers provide stability.
Some feathers radiate body heat.
Some feathers radiate heat.
Some feathers show white points.
Some feathers use in fill bed products.
Some feathers use in natural products.
Some feathers use in products.
A featherbed is a mattress
Featherbeds offer sound night's sleep.
Featherlight movement makes it possible to position the light to remain in any orientation.
Feathery fruit develop from the female flowers in autumn.
Feathery leaves have shapes.
Most feathery leaves have shapes.
Feathery seeds are produced to be dispersed by wind.
Feathery wings are a melon white color with golden glitter and mini wings have glitter wisdom bumbs.
Feature accuracy is fair.
Feature act is apparently the South Park Mexicans.
Feature analysis is perhaps the most widely utilized facial recognition technology.
A feature article is an article
Feature article discuss relevant issues for the student in search of the right university.
Feature article discusses Internet security.
Feature article discusses relevant issues for the student in search of the right university.
Feature article highlights air purifying and humidifying plants.
Feature article needs research.
Feature articles analyze the buyouts marketplace.
Feature articles appear on the front page with stories pertinent to students reentering college.
Feature articles are always great.
Feature articles are available in HTML format.
Feature articles are frequently light and entertaining.
Feature articles are longer and focus on industry-wide issues.
Feature articles are nearly always about economics or politics.
Feature articles are original papers, or articles reviewing significant areas in medical ultrasound.
Feature articles are still very rare.
Feature articles are subject to a blind refereeing process.
Feature articles are very rate.
Feature articles are worth two ads.
Feature articles change every other month.
Feature articles come from the ranks of some of the world's leading astrologers.
Feature articles consist of original research or comprehensive and in-depth analyses.
Feature articles cover a wide range of clinical and other healthcare topics.
Feature articles cover interesting topics such as traffic, time zones, and advertising.
Feature articles cover popular topics.
Feature articles cover such topics as psychological assessment of medical patients.
Feature articles cover topics as diverse as immunology and gardening.
Feature articles cover topics.
Feature articles focus on case histories or on specific aviation-related issues.
Feature articles focus on exotic species.
Feature articles focus on important changes or developments in each period.
Feature articles focus on the creative use of media and technologies in education.
Feature articles go through a peer-review process similar to that of the research articles.
Feature articles includes analysis, investment research, and the tracking of investments.
Feature articles look at fractals and modeling, and a student interview is included.
Feature articles look at issues such as design trends, new varieties and improving business.
Feature articles offer stunning, full-color photos of the various activities.
Feature articles provide author contact information and resource guides provide networking tools.
Feature articles provide discussion of on-going problems as well as an analysis of topical issues.
Feature articles provide in-depth coverage of woodworking tools, materials, techniques and supplies.
Feature articles provide useful background information.
Feature articles range from creativity and depression to global warming.
Feature articles rotate, usually to commemorate the anniversaries of important historical events.
Feature articles surround photo.
Feature articles vary in length, depending on the topic.
All feature articles are carefully peer-reviewed before publication.
All feature articles highlight the current needs and perspectives of editors.
Every feature article is listed here, with a description, by date.
Most feature articles cover topics.
Some feature articles are part of magazines.
Some feature articles are part of newspapers.
Feature availability varies by country.
Feature completeness is excellent.
Feature completeness is unknown.
Feature coverage focuses on a different Latin American or Caribbean country.
Feature Creatures Look at information provided for two different animals.
Feature creep is as much an issue as in custom application and a good overall design is paramount.
Feature definitions can be industry-specific.
Feature detection is presumed to be a major task of the early stages of the visual system.
Feature Detectors allow an area of an image to be described as a vector.
Feature editor Creates a list of feature assignments for the news editor.
Feature employee activities both on and off the job, promoting a happy atmosphere.
Feature entities are totally repeatable but variable in combination, placement, and appearance.
Feature evaluation includes both selection and extraction under supervised and unsupervised modes.
Feature extraction is a crucial part for any such retrieval systems.
Feature extraction reduces the data to a small set of parameters relevant to the investigation.
A feature film is a film
Feature film being a historically American form, it ought to have done better.
Feature film requires a whole different mindset.
Feature films are a rich art form.
Feature films are more satisfying than television.
Feature films are more the realm of the director.
Feature films are purchase d to support instruction in any subject.
Feature films are really a form, like a sonnet.
Feature films are totally of a research and development nature.
Feature films based on the two hits are also in the works.
Feature films can play at amazingly short lengths.
Feature films differ greatly in the number of scenes they contain.
Feature films have no chronological limits.
Feature films operate at another level.
Feature films support the curriculum.
Feature geometry is syllable geometry.
Feature hardware make it to be a DVD player, a CD player, is internet ready.
Feature identification is performed in a database as data is input and edited.
Feature information goes beyond merely identifying a road to include actually defining that road.
Feature interaction is an important problem in building telephone systems.
Feature keys are arranged hierarchically, allowing complex and compound features to be expressed.
Feature lead fits the mood of the story.
Feature lengths vary.
Feature list includes automatic monthly archiving of old messages and online administration.
Feature logic is used here, a sublanguage of first order predicate logic.
Feature material is organized separately from material written for radio or television.
Feature negotiation can go either way, depending on who wants to know what.
Feature offerings are sometimes limited and governed by state regulators.
Feature owner is also an attribute.
Feature pages are standard pages within the magazine.
Feature pattern designs with as few pattern pieces as possible.
Feature Projects Welcome to our features section.
Feature rating is based on features vs price.
Feature requests are welcome, as are bug reports, and general comments.
Feature retailers are on the left hand side with a brief description of the products they sell.
Feature sections are strong and consistent.
Feature selection aims at selecting a feature set that is relevant for a given task.
Feature selection is a problem of choosing a subset of relevant features.
Feature size is to be measured only in the burnished land area.
Feature star shows, children's star shows, science lectures and classes.
Feature stories appear in news and special interest publications nationwide.
Feature stories are different from news stories in several ways.
Feature stories are people-oriented.
Feature stories can be a little longer.
Feature stories change regularly, but all are archived.
Feature stories change weekly.
Feature Stories Click on the thumbnails for a closer look.
Feature stories highlight and describe in detail many good education sites.
Feature stories require a three-week minimum notice.
Feature stories tend to be longer than news stories, and they go into their topics more deeply.
Many feature stories come from the state bar s sections, who provide articles on a dedicated issue.
Some feature stories remain longer.
Feature structures allow for the representation of partial information.
Feature style is more versatile, personal and interpretive.
Feature support is drive dependant.
All feature teams go through a complete cycle of development.
Feature theme is developed.
Feature tour Create a draggable user interface.
Feature tracking operates interocularly almost as well as monocularly.
Feature type includes hole, plane, slot, or others.
Feature vectors composed of the phases of the sinusoids are able to discriminate among people.
Feature vectors created by feature extractor functions are of type IfdFeatVect, an opaque data type.
Feature vectors reflecting manual sign parameters serve as input for training and recognition.
Feature weighting is a variant of feature selection.
Feature Work Write good stuff, get a good mark.
Feature writing can stand alone, or it can be a sidebar to the main story, the mainbar .
Feature Writing covers the feature article for both newspapers and magazines.
Feature writing is always a struggle to get from the general to the specific.
Feature writing is an upper level journalism course in non-fiction writing for publication.
Feature writing skills a plus.
A feature is a dimension
Feature Allows a Memory.
Feature Allows multiple users to connect to the Internet simultaneously.
Feature based trackers often rely on corner detection algorithms to detect candidate features.
Feature Can install in less than five minutes.
Feature changes None, yet.
Feature Find a park by major geologic features and wildlife.
Feature Gives the buyer the option to bid on the item that is listed or choose to buy now.
Feature is cancelled.
Feature is complete.
Feature is kept for the Web page owners to add the url to the searchable database.
Feature is offered below search box after a search has been conducted.
Feature is plant installed only.
Feature is transparent and ensures continuous reliable service and prevention of processor runaway.
Feature is unnamed.
Feature isa attribute.
Feature looks beyond today's news headlines with weekly guests and in-depth personal interviews.
Feature Making a grand entrance - Front entrance is key to drawing in clientele.
Feature packed digital camera produces great results.
Feature works on a per call basis.
Features add size, making the script load more slowly.
Features add to site.
Features Addresses the importance of cultural, ethnic, and gender diversity in interviewing.
Features advances in measurement methodology and analysis.
Features affect capability.
Features affect reproductive capability.
Features alarm with eight-minute snooze.
Features allow a full spectrum of mass targeted email capability and much more.
Features allow developers to create settings without code.
Features allow for zooming in and out to get closer or farther views.
Features allow it to occupy a non-archsaur space.
Features Allow many people to share information on a particular subject.
Features allow the user to analyze plot data and automatically upload data from handheld data files.
Features allow users to submit new records and update taxonomic and nomenclatural information.
Features Allows a clinician to view an individual problem list for any given patient.
Features Allows for multiple pages to be open at the same time.
Features Allows immediate entry of predefined sets of unit dose orders.
Features Allows producers and suppliers to access a variety of markets.
Features Allows safe board insertion and removal from a live CompactPCI slot.
Features Allows the user to prepare single-page hazard information summaries for many chemicals.
Features Allows users in different services to view the same document on-screen.
Features also appear sometimes in other papers.
Features also are study tours to Ghana to study percussion and dance in a village setting.
Features also make use of artistic composition.
Features Also open during events.
Features analyses of contemporary constructive programs.
Features anecdotes, color photos, and color graphics.
Features anecdotes, stories, and archival photos.
Features answers to sex questions of the week.
Features appeal to health care professionals, cancer patients and survivors and their families.
Features apply only to car shown.
Features approaches and techniques used to conduct advanced research in the ecology of fishes.
Features arches, wall backgrounds and patterns, windows, doors, frames and tiles.
Features archival footage and photographs, including interviews with witnesses and historians.
Features are a huge collection of micro-images, and a direct link to special printing services.
Features are a single zipper clutch and detachable hand held strap.
Features are accessible from the command line and from shell scripts.
Features are added from time to time so be sure to check back on occasion.
Features are also available for foreign transactions, statement reminders and spending patterns.
Features are also available to pick random calls and generate entire random sequences.
Features are also exaggerated vertically for clarity.
Features are also important.
Features are an organizer, keyper, non-slip shoulder strap, and wrapped haul loop.
Features are articles.
Features are available in print versions as well as in co-branded Web versions.
Features are available on the selected models.
Features are available online weekly.
Features are available to provide quick, neat, and accurate law enforcement reports.
Features are available to satisfy the most common labeling requirements.
Features are beautiful.
Features are body parts.
Features are characteristic of angiodysplasia.
Features are clear and easy to understand.
Features are complete.
Features are complexs.
Features are different than benefits.
Features are due by the first of the month two months prior to the scheduled publication date.
Features are easier to access and more powerful than ever.
Features are easily adjustable to the student's level of sight impairment.
Features are easy to add.
Features are easy to use, but sometimes they are hard to find buried in a pull down menu.
Features are easy to use.
Features are endless.
Features are entertainment, footways, exhibits, and videos.
Features are exaggerated in size, and are typically red and black in color.
Features are extensive and are documented at the Web site.
Features are facts.
Features are great and the sync software is awesome.
Features are human interest stories that go beyond straight news.
Features are important to consider when selecting an ionizer.
Features are important, but what counts most with a TV is the picture quality.
Features are incremental costs for packages or individual features.
Features are interpretation independent characteristics.
Features are intuitive, flexible, and perhaps most importantly, optional.
Features are intuitive.
Features are light.
Features are lightweight, optimum spring rates, and durability.
Features are Locking plate strike on tape gong and alarm on two bells.
Features are mainstream unless otherwise mentioned.
Features are mandatory unless otherwise mentioned.
Features are meaningless to the customer unless they are translated into benefits.
Features are merchandise.
Features are mostly French with incomparable presentation.
Features are mostly french-chef style with incomparable presentation.
Features are movies.
Features are nearly comparable with desktops.
Features are now in the features dir, while configurables are in the config directory.
Features are numerical or syntactic descriptions of the defect object within an image.
Features are numerous building sights, road through property.
Features are objects that are either made or used by humans that are nonportable.
Features are often difficult to identify and can only be useful with careful excavation.
Features are original articles that encompass a broader scope and analysis than daily news items.
Features are part of faces.
Features are part of magazines.
Features are part of newspapers.
Features are per manufacture specifications.
Features are precision, acuteness of the sound and a large parameter extent.
Features are primarily live concerts or recorded concerts of specific orchestras.
Features are product centered.
Features are products or services characteristics that deliver benefit.
Features are properties.
Features are quantities of information that are associated with individual video frames.
Features are representative and typical.
Features are signs of human activity, such as post molds, building foundations and fireplaces.
Features are small additions or modifications introduced to enhance software products.
Features are staff and freelance written.
Features are still important, but only as support for benefit.
Features are subject to change without notice.
Features are subject to change without notification.
Features are subject to change.
Features are the characteristics of the product, what it is or does.
Features are the difference.
Features are the equal participation and the anonymity.
Features are the formal strategies of radio and they are part of radio's articulation.
Features are the items listed in the left column of the cheat menu.
Features are the language of logic.
Features are the most flexible category.
Features are the properties or characteristics of the product - What it is.
Features are the same as for the equivalent standard models.
Features are the second type of news.
Features are the way to go.
Features are there to serve a purpose in the product.
Features are things the product can do.
Features are too numerous to list.
Features are too numerous to mention.
Features are totally dominant and have complete penetrance.
Features are trails, air resistance, and correct physical units.
Features are two magazine pages or more in length, accompanied by photos.
Features are under development in order to add HTML files.
Features are under tent in lower right corner.
Features are unremarkable.
Features are upbeat and informative, all with a local angle.
Features are usually the result of human activity.
Features are versatile, current, and attractive.
Features are very good and sound is also excellent.
Features are very good for the price.
Features are V-shaped heads with large, oval eyes.
Features are water-repellent finish, hood rolls into collar, inside bungee cords at waist and hem.
Features are well implemented.
Features are what matters.
Features armpits, pussy, and more.
Features articulate, full bodied sound.
Features artifacts and documents chronicling the history of Lafayette County.
Features artifacts from Civil War as well as records and geneaological information.
Features artifacts representing a variety of Asian cultures.
Features artisans and crafters both selling and demonstrating their crafts.
Features artisans and crafts in the community.
Features artwork from a wide variety of artists.
Features Ask questions about features, or request new ones.
Features associated with luxury cars abound, particularly on the high-level models.
Features associated with the jet typically have local characteristics.
Features autosize, zoom and pan.
Features background, lengthy biography, lyrics, a mailing list, and more.
Features Balances an object-oriented approach with the traditional approach.
Features beefcake photography, beads, and gay cartoons.
Features beverages and fresh grilled seafood on banana leaves for dinner.
Features bio, filmography, multimedia and reviews.
Features bio, gallery, and more. .
Features bio, gallery, and more.
Features bio, images, multimedia, and news.
Features bio, performance info, and discography.
Features bio, pictures and roleplays and history of the character.
Features blade, nail files with screwdriver tip, scissors and key ring.
Features blueprints, vintage photos and artifacts from theatres across the United States.
Features blunt safety point.
Features boardwalk to beach and just minutes from restaurants, groceries, and golf.
Features bounce ability as well.
Features breed competition.
Features breed show statistics and reviews and home pages.
Features breed show stats and reviews and home pages.
Features brighter more level dyeings.
Features brite anodized finish and comes with stainless hardware.
Features broadcasts from Africa on short wave radio and the Internet, in several languages.
Features Bug no.
Features Build a prewire project to estimate exact cost for proposals and forecasting.
Features bump n go mechanism and sequential flashing lights around the perimeter.
Features bunnies, bees, and butterflies for bibs, towel borders, samplers, bookmarks, and more.
Features Buy script for all guns and equipment.
Features call ins, emails, and special guests.
Features can be a significant contribution to making a page useful and appealing.
Features can be addresses, roads, regions, etc.
Features can be discrete locations or events, lines, or areas.
Features can be either points, lines, or areas.
Features can be lines, polygons, or points.
Features can be points, lines, or polygons.
Features can change or even be removed after a Marketing pitch or ad has gone out.
Features Can clean wet and dry machine chips, floors, difficult to reach crevices and corners.
Features can cover a wide variety of topics.
Features Can function in on or off-line mode.
Features can include bedrock milling features, rock alignments, rock art, or historic fence lines.
Features can overpower the purpose of the web site.
Features Can provide secure, automatic logon to network or stand-alone machines.
Features can range from pools and recreation rooms, to locations near site seeing.
Features Can redial automatically.
Features can tell a more complete story.
Features capture and playback of note on and off events.
Features care, feeding and appreciation of chickens.
Features cause the site to load slower, some features cause it to load much slower.
Features cause, treatment, prevention, complications, and diagnosis.
Features ceramic lined rings, glazed tip and graphite and stainless steel reel fitting.
Features change at least once each week.
Features change frequently.
Features change monthly.
Features change over time.
Features change several times per year, but all are fantastic.
Features change, software compatibility changes, system compatibility changes, and prices change.
Features changes in elevation, waterfalls and streams.
Features chapters on both general analysis and practical applications.
Features chat and messaging, Australian and International links, news and info.
Features chat, boards, links, and banner exchanges.
Features chat, discounts, healthcare, retirement, investing, and more.
Features chat, discussions, event calendar, services, and career resources .
Features chat, discussions, event calendar, services, and career resources.
Features chat, flyers, pictures, music, and shows and events.
Features chat, forums, and penpals for teens from Australia and New Zealand.
Features chat, resources, and calendar of events.
Features chat, webmail, webspace and shopping.
Features chats on a variety of sport and outdoor activities.
Features chats on a variety of sports and outdoor activities.
Features chats with food experts.
Features chats, forums and advice columns.
Features chats, forums, statistics, a game schedule, photos, newspaper articles and a team roster.
Features chats, message boards, cards, reviews, articles and interviews, trivia quizzes and links.
Features check lists and easy drag and drop arrangement.
Features Check out one dimensional tolerance stack-up problems.
Features Check out our other features.
Features childcare, personal training, aerobics, nutrition, weight loss, strength training.
Features chocolates, peanut brittle, and gift baskets.
Features chrome scope and barrel.
Features cinch waist and zippered front closing.
Features clamps that attach to both the top and bottom of the net.
Features classifieds and an article on myth versus reality.
Features classifieds and tech forums.
Features classifieds, clubs, chat, restoration, events and other links.
Features classifieds, free homepages, and resume services.
Features classifieds, synth site, directory, and chat.
Features classifieds, tips, information, supplies, newsletter, ostrich facts, and more.
Features classifieds, transportation, event calendar, chat, a horse mall, etc.
Features Click the links to view a screen shot of the feature.
Features clip art and icons, as well as poetry.
Features cockpit interior detail, striping decals and painting patterns.
Features collectibles, furniture, housewares and clothing for the entire family.
Features come and features go.
Features come in a distant third, since most software today is feature-rich.
Features Comes complete with SNAP Ethernet brain, mounting rack, and power supply, already wired.
Features coming soon include driving directions and more.
Features commentary on socio-political issues.
Features complete archive of past issues.
Features complete episodes with tons of bonus material.
Features concert footage of local polka bands.
Features consist of a playlist,changeable background, CD-quality sound, and more.
Features contains vocabulary exercises throughout the book.
Features continue to grow.
Features continues to offer comparative product reviews and technical analyses.
Features contribute to drainage.
Features contribute to ease.
Features contribute to efficient drainage.
Features contribute to efficient water drainage.
Features contribute to water drainage.
Features cool scenery and excellent acting.
Features cosmonauts, animals that flew in space, space events.
Features cost money.
Features costume and set designs, caricatures, sketches, paintings, and photographs.
Features Counts the number of times a page gets viewed, and displays it as text.
Features courses, green fees, golf trips and golf material.
Features cover art from the movies.
Features cover art, cultural criticism and reviews.
Features cover art, table of contents listing, and more.
Features cover ATVs, motorcycles, personal watercraft, and snowmobiles.
Features cover latest film releases, music charts, student issues, web sites and much more.
Features cover music, sports, movies, theater, ballet, opera, museums, and fashion.
Features cover samples, back issues and subscription information.
Features cover topics including technology breakthroughs and travel planners.
Features covered include creating charts, printing charts and drawing objects.
Features covered include creating forms and reports, entering data and designing views.
Features covered include the title bar, menu bar, status bar, and toolbars.
Features covers a range of topics that reflect the latest developments at the frontier of the field.
Features Covers each aspect of language acquisition and development from a lifespan perspective.
Features covers, photos, and illustrations about author's life and work.
Features CPA firm locator, national job searches, resume posting, and current industry news.
Features Create and manage forms.
Features Create desktop folders and program icons.
Features Create flexible, easily maintainable web sites using dynamic authoring and static serving.
Features Create full color interpretations.
Features Create stronger and more efficient threads.
Features Create technical support cases.
Features Creates a safe and healthy aquatic environment.
Features Creates personal recordings with a digital recorder.
Features cross on base.
Features curriculum and instructor information as well as general information.
Features curriculum for all major topics and a set of online reference tools.
Features customizable display colors and an animated background replay mode.
Features customizable graphics and sounds.
Features customizeable workout types, week and year summary pages.
Features cute aboriginal cows in a canoe.
Features cutouts in English and Spanish.
Features daily shows.
Features databases, maps, and meetings for horse, sheep, cattle, chicken, swine and aquaculture.
Features debates about advertising, as well as advertising links.
Features deer hunting with bow and muzzleloader.
Features define types.
Features delve into issues surrounding America's business and consumer markets.
Features demonstrate how things are created, delivered and maintained.
Features demonstrates cross platform compatibilty of complex multi-media teaching material.
Features describe how a product looks, works, and compares to a different product.
Features describe what the customer is buying.
Features describe, or enhance, the usefulness of the product to the customer.
Features describes the most about the product.
Features designed for community access are also a highlight.
Features designs for aghans, bibs, birth samplers, towels, pillowers, sipper cups, and more.
Features designs for sewers, bakers, gardeners and more.
Features designs for teachers.
Features desktop themes and screen savers.
Features Detects most gases in parts per billion range.
Features Develop matching-networks quickly and easily.
Features diary from their cross country test trip.
Features dictionaries, quizzes, audio lessons, and readings.
Features dictionaries, quizzes, audio lessons, readings, etc.
Features Dicusses how to design sites that look good and function well.
Features die cut card fins, self-adhesive decals and streamer recovery.
Features differentiating the two are very subtle.
Features digests, bibliographies, parent guides and abstracts.
Features digitally correct readings of aquarium water or room temperature.
Features directories of societies, regulatory bodies, conferences, and news.
Features Discuss the various features of the book.
Features Discusses e-mail, chat rooms, and basics principles of effective Web design.
Features dispatches from their expedition.
Features display and classified ads.
Features displays on cadet training and general information.
Features distinctive smaller hotels, bed and breakfasts and resorts.
Features distinguish theories.
Features divides the book into matters of space, matters of form, and matters of expression.
Features DNS forward and reverse lookup.
Features do change over camera generations.
Features dojo details, events, background, gallery and links.
Features don t live in switch hardware anymore, but are resident in server software.
Features downloads including games, videos, and music.
Features downloads, discography, and tour dates.
Features downloads, kids links, parent reviews of software, games and toys and a whole lot more.
Features downloads, links, and ordering information.
Features downloads, tutorials and message board.
Features drag and drop, a java applet wizard, easy forms and tables, and more.
Features drag racing including street legal, jet cars, top alcohol funny cars and dragsters.
Features drop lid with leatherette writing surface, lighted interior, and storage compartments.
Features dummy wick winders and extinguisher lever.
Features dump station, flush toilets, cable TV hookups, beach, rec room, coin laundry.
Features dump station, flush toilets, nature trails.
Features dump station, flush toilets, playground, nature trails.
Features dump station, flush toilets, playground, picnicking, nature trails and program.
Features dump station, phone hookups, flush toilets, cable TV hookups, coin laundry.
Features duplex printing and copying capability and automatic document feeder.
Features dutch oven and camp cooking.
Features Dynamically changes form objects size based on browser window.
Features Dynamically loads independent executable modules as tasks.
Features easily allocate indirect expense to all enterprises.
Features emphasize success and the enjoyment of the sport.
Features Emphasizes the themes of social inequality, diversity, and critical thinking.
Features Employs a body-system organization that facilitates access and enhances learning.
Features enable easily incorporating multiple names into a message from an address book.
Features enable organizations.
Features enhancing efficiency include gridlock resolution and queuing facilities.
Features ensure survival.
Features Enter information only once and all modules can share it.
Features erase head and track select switch, carry handle and protective hard cover.
Features erotica, photography, gossip, book reviews, sex talk, sports, music.
Features essays, battleboards, and news.
Features essays, history, and a resource centre.
Features essays, links and newsletter.
Features essays, reviews, news and interviews.
Features essays, short stories, poetry, editorial needs, contests, and chapbook sales.
Features essays, zine reviews, news, and tips for living anarchy everyday.
Features evolve over time.
Features examines various beliefs about current world issues such as ecology and euthanasia.
Features exercises and questions on every exam topic.
Features exercises in coordination, rhythmic ability, and body mechanics.
Features exercises in melody and rhythm playing, solfege and note symbols.
Features exhibits on beauty and beauty products with a new display each month.
Features exhibits on geology, dinosaurs, and the present day biology of the prairies.
Features exhibits on geology, natural history, prehistory, etc.
Features exhibits on the history of New York City and offers a research library.
Features exist to help visualize where one oblique section intersects others.
Features Explains the terminology of object-oriented programming.
Features express buffet including a full range of hot and cold breakfast items.
Features express editing.
Features facts about the survey, and a number of image galleries .
Features FAQs and articles about privatization.
Features FAQs and online lawyer for common Washington state legal problems.
Features FAQs by category or keyword.
Features FAQs for injury and tort cases.
Features FAQs on disability issues.
Features FAQs on injury and tort cases.
Features FAQs on obtaining disability benefits.
Features feature articles with photos and gossip.
Features features a complete reorganization of material.
Features features one and two bedroom apartments.
Features Features Starts with a review of imperative programming languages.
Features fiddle, accordion, and mandolin.
Features fiddle, mandolin, and flatpicked guitar.
Features figures on population, crime, economics, health, astronomy, sports, arts and media, etc.
Features Find people.
Features fireside or patio dining with a view of the Rapids.
Features flash and redial keys.
Features flip spout and swing handle for easy transport.
Features flip top lid for game unit and casters.
Features flow through mesh lining and adjustable back lace waist.
Features focus on the ethical treatment of animals, endangered species, and environmental issues.
Features focus on the needs and experience of contemporary art and artists.
Features focus on topics like cookbooks, self-help books and mysteries.
Features Folds up for storage or portability.
Features footage unseen on original cablecast showings.
Features Fully algebraic infix calculator.
Features funky grooves, acoustic country oriented group.
Features gay skinhead galleries and forthcoming personal ads.
Features generally are new releases.
Features generates around an bush since making Georgia bulldogs helmet.
Features Get a Sense Find temperature sensor suppliers.
Features give owners information about products and services.
Features Go to PC version.
Features Going wireless Fixed gas detection systems go the way of the world.
Features gossip from the industry, music downloads, and the weekly news in brief.
Features gourmet authentic Mexican dining.
Features grab and go menu items.
Features graduate student-faculty teams as facilitators.
Features guard near little doll but present Indian motorcycle.
Features guest laundry, business services.
Features guest laundry.
Features guide to rent control, landlord and tenant reference kits, and more.
Features guide users to local flavor and a searchable archive of restaurant reviews.
Features guides on how to find the best neighborhood and apartment.
Features guides to lodging, shopping, beaches, events, and local attractions.
Features guides to planning retirement, estates and wills.
Features guitar and an open solo section.
Features guitar with flute, mandolin, piano and cello.
Features handle and adjustable shoulder strap.
Features handle carrier with velcro closure and soft bookmark.
Features Handles an Unlimited number of lists.
Features handmade baskets and wooden craft items.
Features handmade tiles, pottery, jewelry and fine art by local and national artists.
Features has four copy editors.
Features have a name and a value.
Features have density.
Features have different importance in different contexts.
Features have equivalents.
Features have evolutionary significance.
Features have impact.
Features have qualifiers.
Features have significance.
Features have the possibility of being named.
Features headrest and ribbed bed.
Features help advisors and sales assistant work together efficiently.
Features help ancient mammals.
Features help animals.
Features help different environments.
Features help environments.
Features help identification.
Features help mammals.
Features help ocean environments.
Features help plants.
Features help survival.
Features help throughout.
Features help, search, index, print and color options.
Features Here are some current features.
Features Here are the major features.
Features here are too numerous to mention.
Features Here is a list of some of the features MHDns has.
Features hideaway backpack straps for hand-free carrying.
Features highlight capability.
Features highlighted in orange are still available to be funded .
Features highlighted include student-produced web site portfolios.
Features highlights for server side includes, links and media.
Features hikes in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Features hints, scoring, sound effects, and animation.
Features hump back whale.
Features impact resistant ABS splint for great support.
Features impact resistent lenses.
Features include animals.
Features include consumption.
Features include dark sunspots.
Features include options.
Features include short stature.
Features include size.
Features include stature.
Features include sunspots.
Features Includes a balanced treatment of skills and theory.
Features includes a working cocking lever and a moveable safety switch.
Features Includes access to all services on the Internet.
Features Includes all necessary mounting bolts, nuts, and washers.
Features Includes all necessary mounting hardware.
Features Includes coverage of issues relating to state and local as well as federal government.
Features includes Full online training facility, pilot rewards scheme and regular online flights.
Features includes multiple routes and dtmf tone detection.
Features Includes readings that cover a broad range of concerns relevant to today's students.
Features includes searching, attachments, spell check, filter, address book and more.
Features incorporate diagrams, tabs and audio backing tracks.
Features incorporates vocal as well as instrumental approaches to acquiring music skills.
Features increase ability.
Features increase in size as the map approaches the poles.
Features influence distribution.
Features influence resistant housing.
Features Install a PC or a PC card to which the program has been downloaded.
Features Integrate existing applications and data with corporate intranets or Internet applications.
Features Integrates an awareness of computer technology throughout, but unobtrusively.
Features Interactively create and manipulate color maps.
Features interview with artist.
Features intricate fingerpicking and open tuning.
Features is based on the number of features related to filtering and child protection.
Features is designed to create awareness in the student of color community.
Features is objective.
Features is where most of our articles are located.
Features jukebox, games, tips, and discussion boards.
Features keyboard control of the falling snow, including adding and removing flakes.
Features keypad controls with LCD display of all functions.
Features kitchen tips and recipes for cooking wild game and home canning.
Features laces up the front and a leatherette upper with a ribbed, rubber sole.
Features ladderback styling and thickly upholstered black leather-look seat.
Features lakes, wetlands and wildlife, plus a spectacular view of the Indian River Bay.
Features leash opening, elastic belt, and tail strap.
Features lecture schedule and list of executive officers.
Features links to all basic Oregon legal documents, laws, etc.
Features links to all government branches.
Features links to all major newspapers representing all of the United States.
Features links to an array of fitness and nutrition pages.
Features links to an extensive list of animal-related web sites.
Features links to and descriptions of well-known authors in the field.
Features links to each school's official web site.
Features links to many different photography related on-line resources.
Features links to the best of the esoteric web, an online bookstore, CDs, posters and FREE e-cards.
Features links to the Constitution, government branches, legal guides and more.
Features links to the elementary, middle, junior and senior high schools.
Features listings for lots of events specifically aimed at kids.
Features live audio and video programming as well as webcasts.
Features live broadcasts and touching stories.
Features live bulletin board debates, movie news, and chat.
Features live chat and a look inside sammy's tour bus.
Features live chat and message boards.
Features live chat and private messaging.
Features live chat, gallery, and message board.
Features live chat, webboard, search engine, and more.
Features live colour preview.
Features live cybercast.
Features live entertainemnt nightly.
Features live entertainment and promotions.
Features live entertainment nightly.
Features live entertainment, food, crafts, and fireworks.
Features live entertainment.
Features live interactive planetarium shows daily.
Features live interviews with metal's biggest names.
Features live Irish music on the weekends, mostly Irish beer.
Features live local weather, airwatch products, schools, broadcast, and site map.
Features live musical accompaniment from traditional Asian instrumentalists.
Features live newscasts and weekly archives.
Features live online chats and other online interactive projects.
Features live performances by local artists.
Features live polka bands from around the country.
Features live re-broadcasts and markets holiday supplies.
Features live results, interviews, historical facts, and much more.
Features live scoreboard and daily picks.
Features live security scans.
Features live streaming.
Features live talks with prominent guests on provocative issues.
Features live theatre, dance and children's theatre.
Features live train bombing, walls, and a nice hip hop soundtrack.
Features live video and zoom capability.
Features live video feeds, a teacher's resource guide, and progress updates.
Features live web cameras and children's activities.
Features live webcast events, net events, educational resources, and web cam listings.
Features live, hosted debates on the great questions of existence.
Features live, on-line product training video.
Features loads on pregnancy, childbirth, breasted, bottle feeding, plus tips and hints.
Features log cabin packages, camper cabins, mini storage facilities, and a rental center.
Features look and work similarly.
Features Looks like it's time to get down and dirty.
Features love songs, story songs, feel-good songs.
Features lyrics in reverse chronological order.
Features lyrics, chat,bulletin board, song contest, and career news.
Features lyrics, tour information, and show reviews.
Features lyrics, writings, guitar tabs, news and links to other resources.
Features mainly squirrels, bunnies, cats and foxes.
Features make cleanest concepts.
Features make subjects.
Features make up the bulk of most magazines' editorial offerings.
Features Manages prospective student interest.
Features map animation of rain forest depletion.
Features map based locator.
Features map, secure online ticket ordering, events, frequently asked questions, shows and scenario.
Features map, worship schedule, ministries, calendar, and bulletin board.
Features masjeeds pictures from around the globe.
Features master bedrooms with private bathroom.
Features match reports, fixtures, archive and guestbook.
Features menu choice input, and recommends a joystick.
Features menus and delivery information.
Features mostly punk bands and other musicians of the sort.
Features never needs sharpening blades and polypropylene handles.
Features never needs sharpening surgical stainless steel blades and polypropylene handles.
Features oak cabinetry throughout.
Features ocean views and two private beaches just steps away.
Features oceanview, beach, heated pool, gift shop.
Features Offers a balanced offering of anatomical, physiological, taxonomic, and ecological studies.
Features Offers a global approach - compared to the usual American or British approach.
Features Offers a succinct presentation of propositional and predicate logic .
Features offers a winning combination of musical accuracy with breadth of treatment.
Features Offers comprehensive coverage of the basics of color use in all media.
Features open hem with side vents and left chest pocket.
Features Opens URLs in the frontmost or a new browser window.
Features Order our products via our online store .
Features Organizes coverage of vision and hearing around systems, functions, and pattern perception.
Features overview, classroom resources, poetry, maps, illustrations, and more.
Features overview, news, programs and history.
Features pages that unfold into a panorama.
Features parade, arts and crafts and food.
Features parade, carnival, street dances, food booths and more.
Features parade, crafts, a horse pull and antique car show.
Features parade, food and drink specials, live music, dancing, games and contests.
Features pay equity fact sheets, salary surveys, and more.
Features Pay only a small copayment for diagnostic or preventive services.
Features pick up mechanism, compact desktop footprint and easy installation.
Features Play one-player, or play with a friend cooperatively or competitively.
Features play times and connectivity speeds for the downloads.
Features plays by a wide range of American playwrights.
Features plays, concerts and other entertainment.
Features plug and play installation.
Features pockets for bits and a shoulder strap.
Features Pop up graphical window.
Features portrait doll, plates, musical, and model.
Features powder coated paint, easy table attachment and uses injector razor blades.
Features practice in the skills of listening, speaking, reading, writing, and cooperative learning.
Features practice inwriting letters and other business forms, as well as oral practice.
Features Presents a broadly integrated perspective on the diverse findings of social psychology.
Features Presents a gradual transition between paragraphs and longer papers.
Features Presents the concepts of stock issues in fact, value, and policy argument.
Features Presents the reality and realistic views of teaching in today's classroom.
Features progress indicators for long operations.
Features projects for all skill levels, complete with garment diagrams.
Features propagate back and forth between gcc and egcs.
Features provide and require are an alternative to autoload for loading files automatically.
Features provide applications.
Features provide benefits.
Features provide capability.
Features provide detailed analysis and industry comment on market trends and events.
Features provide evidence.
Features provide information about how to use the glyphs in a font to render a script or language.
Features provide information about smoke alarms, escape planning, and home fire safety.
Features provide information.
Features provide resources for educators.
Features provide valuable clues to how people lived at a site.
Features Provides a basic foundation for the course.
Features Provides a comprehensive overview of voice, diction, and effective communication.
Features Provides a generic billing system used to generate standardized bills.
Features provides a grammar text and beginning writing text in one volume.
Features Provides a pretest at the beginning and a post test at the end of the book.
Features Provides a proven model for acquisition and practice of interpersonal communication skills.
Features Provides a straightforward discussion of legal issues, using minimal legal jargon.
Features provides a thorough grounding in the language, concepts, and traditions of ethics.
Features Provides accurate measurements of glass centerline.
Features Provides an excellent introduction to point-set topology.
Features Provides an overview of the social theories of aging.
Features Provides case studies throughout for an in-depth look at current practices and issues.
Features Provides convenient time entry for synchronized online or offline use.
Features Provides donors with a secure and easy way to donate through a nonprofit's web site.
Features Provides easier data handling.
Features Provides end to end and loopback testing.
Features Provides facilities to develop surveys and design survey forms.
Features Provides governance, oversight, and control at the enterprise, program and project level.
Features Provides high capacity performance at a reasonable price.
Features Provides inclusive coverage of the broad range of contemporary theatre .
Features Provides more exercise work than comparable books.
Features Provides on-line patient registration and disposition of applications for medical care.
Features Provides online patient registration and dispositioning of applications for medical care.
Features Provides options to simplify the setup of the software.
Features Provides students with a way to review and reflect upon their field work.
Features Provides the information necessary for writing and designing a basic Web page.
Features Provides tools for managing pharmacy orderable items.
Features pull tab top with reusable plastic lid.
Features pull tabs on the waist, and two extra cargo pockets on legs for easy access.
Features push button release, allowing finger-tip control of locking and releasing.
Features Puts into context the social, economical, and technological changes affecting the industry.
Features Quickly access some of the featured areas of our Web site.
Features quiet three-speed blower control to ensure comfort levels.
Features quizzes, exercises, tips and a free newsletter.
Features quotes from children and adults who passed through the station.
Features quotes from reviews and links to albums released.
Features quotes from the show, fan-fiction and episode guide.
Features quotes from TV favorite, Saturday Night Live.
Features quotes they made about their business, lessons learned, and keys to success.
Features quotes, financials, research and finance reports.
Features quotes, photographs, and biography.
Features race History here.
Features raglan styling, a rolled collar and circular knitting techniques.
Features ramadas, children's gardens, a recirculating stream, and nature trails.
Features range from a huge master bedroom with a beehive fireplace to an enormous bathroom.
Features range from a putting green to marina service.
Features range from airports to cities to steams.
Features range from entering property survey information to quantity takeoff and cost estimates.
Features range from news to classifieds.
Features range from retirement and insurance to investment and estate matters.
Features range from schools and businesses to a cathedral and a grotto.
Features range from the eminently practical to the fanciful.
Features range from training, racing info, reviews, and classifieds.
Features range in length from two to eight published pages.
Features Read about our unique embeddable object database technology.
Features Read about our unique program.
Features Read our articles on local health matters.
Features Read Welcome to thibsdot to learn about what it's all about.
Features Read what the experts say about trends in the legal profession.
Features recipes for people with allergies and asthma.
Features recipes for pies, cakes, candy, and breads.
Features recipes for shrimp, oysters, crab, and fish.
Features recipes for their grains, pastas and wild rice.
Features recipes from favorite brands, specially selected for busy cooks.
Features recipes with exotic but available ingredients like pumpkin and plaintain.
Features Reduces the vibration of a building during a major earthquake.
Features relate to body compositions.
Features relate to compositions.
Features related to the previous three issues remain on the site when new content is added.
Features release information, news, biography, and discography.
Features releases, events and magazine information.
Features rely on sensor types.
Features rely on specific types.
Features rely on types.
Features remain online as long as they remain current.
Features remote wilderness and rainforest.
Features report generation.
Features reports across all topics and disciplines.
Features reports across all topics and disiplines.
Features reports and articles about business ventures in different cultures.
Features reports and statistics, policies and guidelines, forms, upcoming special events and more.
Features reports from many different conventions.
Features reports on acoustical conferences, book reviews, memoirs and personalia.
Features reports on activities. .
Features Reports the rules, and the cases deviating from the norm.
Features reports, books, forums and more.
Features reports, resources, policy documents, state information and more.
Features represent hydrographic elements such as paths through water flows and bodies of water.
Features represent the best of outdoor writing and photography.
Features require weekend backpacking trip.
Features Requires only one person to operate.
Features reset and seek buttons.
Features resonably correct lens flare, and sun glow.
Features resort chefs and their cuisine.
Features resort information, hours, and events, reservations, vacation packages, games, and webcams.
Features resoures on school safety, child abuse, violence and more.
Features responses to some of the most often asked questions about cash balance pension plans.
Features resume and interview advice and forums.
Features resume and interview advice, plus job postings.
Features resume builder and employer profile services.
Features resume game, pausing, board flipping, and resigning.
Features resume submission facility, job link system, mailing list.
Features resume wizard, online applications, database search and health events.
Features Retains the balanced approach of previous editions.
Features retractable bolt action snap lock for attaching to belt.
Features Returns a reference to a hash with keys being features present in current implementation.
Features reverse flow check valves to prevent backflow into opposite regulators.
Features reverse lookup and a celebrity search.
Features reverse lookup and e-mail searches.
Features reverse lookup.
Features reverse thread on mounting collar.
Features reviews and articles about art music.
Features reviews and collections of related products.
Features reviews and directories of the best college radio portal sites.
Features reviews and interviews.
Features reviews and links to thousands of sex sites.
Features reviews and menus.
Features reviews on electronic music equipment and software.
Features reviews, articles, film clips, and photos.
Features reviews, articles, interviews, opinions and a web guide.
Features reviews, bestsellers, automated notification service, and online ordering.
Features reviews, bios and guest commentary plus a world wide selection of films on video and dvd.
Features reviews, daily news feeds, and charts.
Features reviews, demos, cheats, previews of upcoming titles, faqs, hints, tips, and industry news.
Features reviews, facilities and ratings.
Features reviews, interviews and articles with bands and people from the electronic underground.
Features reviews, interviews of artistes and provides information on upcoming events.
Features reviews, interviews, columns, and commentary.
Features reviews, interviews, discussion and artist profiles.
Features reviews, interviews, news, concert listings and a weekly newsletter.
Features reviews, membership benefits, newsletters. .
Features reviews, new authors, new releases, and author links.
Features reviews, photos, sound clips, and CD ordering.
Features reviews, recommendations and interviews.
Features reviews, rock concert tickets, tour dates and music news.
Features reviews, vote for site of the month, and keyword search.
Features rib neck, cuff and waist with small logo embroidered on left chest.
Features rides, animals and special attractions.
Features Rise to the top of the search engines.
Features roomy pockets on both sides and zip front closure.
Features run-through prevention.
Features say in statements.
Features scales, triplets, cross picking and other techniques particular to Irish tenor banjo style.
Features scallops down leg, drop heel and one or two concho back closure.
Features scrubs, uniforms, footwear, shoes, hosiery, watches, stethoscopes, and a few links.
Features search by keyword and location.
Features search by keyword or topic, author profiles, and rebate program.
Features secure online hotel, airline, and car-rental reservations.
Features secure online ordering and worldwide delivery.
Features secure online ordering system for musical instruments and accessories.
Features secure online ordering, low prices, and fast delivery.
Features secure online ordering.
Features secure online purchasing.
Features secure ordering of lacrosse products.
Features secure ordering, newsletter, and recipes.
Features secure shopping cart system for fast and user friendly shopping.
Features See a list of features available and some screen shots.
Features See engine and developer tools reviews.
Features See It.
Features See the sky from any location on Earth.
Features See what others have done to make their statement, educate, and empower.
Features seen in the chromosphere are prominences, filaments, flares, and plages.
Features seen in the photosphere are sunspots and granulation.
Features seen on the planet surface suggest to scientists that water existed on Mars in the past.
Features Selling fast is often the key to selling for the most money.
Features semi photo-realistic with very precise topography.
Features Send automatic email notification of meetings.
Features Send messages to an individual user and to a whole workgroup.
Features Send one or more layouts to a custom selected list of contacts.
Features Sends on-line requests individually and forwards multiple requests in batch mode.
Features serve purposes.
Features set or change frame interchange frequency, create finite and infinite animation loops.
Features sheets to assist discussion leaders, facsimilies of original documents and resource lists.
Features Shopping for a wheelchair is like shopping for a car.
Features shortcut repairs when applicable.
Features shout outs, pics, bio, and more.
Features show dates and song list.
Features show dates and sound files.
Features show dates, fan club info, and pictures.
Features show dates, photos, and news.
Features show dates, sound files, and pictures.
Features show for an average of three to six months.
Features show playlists, upcoming show features, and more to come.
Features show schedules, photo archives and video clips.
Features showing deposition underwater include regular cross-bedding.
Features shown are for illustrative purposes only.
Features shown are subject to change.
Features shown include sunspots, sunspot penumbras, faculae and granulation.
Features showroom and links to national distributors.
Features shows a broad scope of special-interest articles and is partly miscellaneous.
Features Shows how to build clear shared business models.
Features shows the connection between philosophy and individuals' everyday lives.
Features shows, music, and much more.
Features sink Presence except either forehead opposite few chin.
Features sixteen pro players, realistic stadiums, and some of the best graphics ever.
Features skills checklist and review questions.
Features skins, crossfader, ability to record from CDs, plugins, and updates easily available.
Features SmartOS is designed to run faster, and more stable than explorer.
Features snack food with drinks.
Features snap adapt handle and a replaceable squeegee strip for scraping pool bottom.
Features snap bottom, coin pocket, and adjustable back lace.
Features snap down collar, zipper chest pocket, action back, side buckles, and side hip zippers.
Features sound samples from recordings of several of their most popular artists.
Features sounds, episode guides, video clips and still growing.
Features sounds, images, discography, links, bios, contact info, and more.
Features sounds, scripts and more.
Features sounds, videos, images, tablatures, and band-related information.
Features sounds, videos, images, tabs, a plethora of band-related information and much more.
Features sounds, videos, images, tabs, and band-related information.
Features sparrows, warblers and hawks.
Features specialist local producers of the best regional British produce.
Features species accounts with valuable information on bird location, behavior, and field marks.
Features specifically cover such island-related topics as the arts, food, sports, nature and books.
Features Specify the color in the suggestions box on the order form.
Features splash proof lid, non-skid base, and is fully foam insulated.
Features start and finish marks that help create the perfect cut.
Features Start online discussions with colleagues or join Internet newsgroups.
Features statutes, documents, law journals and other links.
Features statutes, governmental authorities, documents, and more.
Features Stay organized.
Features steaks, prime rib and seafood.
Features steaks, prime rib, shrimp, salads, chicken burgers, ribs, and all legal beverages.
Features sterling silver ball posts.
Features still lifes.
Features stream running through park and a bandstand.
Features sturd y suction mount with two interchangeable stainless steel blades.
Features stylish guest rooms, amenities include swimming pool, exercise room.
Features stylish ribbed design and comfortable knee band.
Features subtle orchestral sections and contrasting rock sections.
Features suede ankle cuffs on most colours, and draw-string laces.
Features suffer through either crew for began buffalo bills football.
Features suite accommodation, sauna, pizzeria and conference room.
Features superb artists from every corner of the globe.
Features SuperLinkTM welded end.
Features Supports all major credit card types, private label, plus check guarantee.
Features Supports all network environments at no extra cost.
Features Supports an infinite number of intermediate cities.
Features surname queries and helpful links.
Features surnames, dates, locations with connections to many other early colonists in New England.
Features sweep second hand and easy to read numbers on the quarter hour.
Features swimming pool, recreation includes yard games.
Features swimming pool, rooms include cable TV with movies.
Features swimming pool, sundeck, restuarant nearby.
Features swing out side drawers and storage under the lid.
Features syringe holder and breath bag holder.
Features tackle talk, tips, location descriptions, reviews, and more.
Features tactile keyboard and aluminum housing.
Features take space.
Features Targeted recommendations offer consumers relevant, personalized product choices.
Features tells the browser where to place the new window and defines the size.
Features texture mapping and lighting.
Features There are both good and bad points to the effort to provide a duplicate feature set.
Features There are many types of feature that are a page or less when published.
Features There are no bugs.
Features There are several ways to mount the speakers.
Features There are three ways a person can be added the participant list.
Features top down venturi ventilation to ensure maximum anti-fog properties.
Features Traces the evaluated XSLT instructions there and back.
Features tracks that flow continuously and have a shower of cleansing sound.
Features tremblelin throughout .
Features Try a few simple fun example quizzes that demonstrate the features.
Features tulips in full color on the cover.
Features tuning keys within the frame for altering the skin tension and thus changing tone.
Features Turn on the afterburners Net access breaks the sound barrier.
Features Turning lights off is simple and convenient.
Features ultra high ceilings.
Features undo, preview, 'change'-operation and can work in sub directories on specified extension.
Features undo, preview, 'change'-operation and can work in sub directories.
Features Updated help files are now available in the manual section.
Features updates on store tournament schedules and player rankings.
Features updates on the film.
Features updates regarding the local Florida music scene and community.
Features updats and a chance to email the actor.
Features use disk space, some use much disk space.
Features Use familiar Dialog commands to indicate delivery.
Features use for identification.
Features use in classifications.
Features use in plant classifications.
Features Use intuitive, vector-based drawing tools for sketching or precision drawing.
Features Use the links in the left navigation bar to get around.
Features Uses a direct, conversational, often humorous tone throughout.
Features Uses a small memory partition.
Features Uses a unique approach which prepares students for advanced courses in Kinesiology.
Features Uses a windows environment for ease of project management.
Features uses multipoint maximum likelihood estimations of distances.
Features Uses the mutual transconductance method of measuring tube quality.
Features Using the right-click context menu is tedious.
Features valet scorecard holder.
Features validated include tagged types, class attributes, and abstract types and subprograms.
Features vary across refrigerators.
Features vary among individuals.
Features vary and include original kitchens and bathrooms, porches and hardwood floors.
Features vary by country.
Features vary by integration.
Features vary by rate plan.
Features vary by site.
Features vary by title.
Features vary depending on area.
Features vary depending on model.
Features vary depending on the servofeed.
Features vary from country to country and depending on the television standard.
Features vary from country to country depending on the television standard.
Features vary from magazine to magazine and from week to week.
Features vary from manufacturer to manufacturer.
Features vary from product to product, but two trends stood out during testing.
Features vary from program to program.
Features vary slightly between different operating systems.
Features vary widely.
Features vary with each series.
Features vary with model.
Features vary, and some pump machines are considerably more durable than others.
Features vary, but in many cases digital circuits can improve the picture and sound.
Features View near real-time streamflow conditions by station list.
Features View original image with heads up display.
Features View our most recent and popular content.
Features View overall health of multiple systems simultaneously from one screen.
Features vignettes and photographs throughout that bring applications to life.
Features vignettes from actual child care settings for practice scoring.
Features vignettes written by or about classroom teachers.
Features visits to several youth water education projects already in place across the country.
Features wake upon several pigeon though race wakeboards overtons.
Features watch through several curtain both lost american survival guide.
Features waveform acquisition.
Features websites links to Kansas cities, museums, databases and more.
Features wetlands and butterfly garden filled with zinneas, dill, and parsley.
Features whirlpool tub and lots more.
Features whirlpool tub, upgrade carpet and pad.
Features whirlpool, free breakfast, airport transportation, business services.
Features whirlpool, recreational facilities, business services and nearby dining.
Features WinGREP has many features that make it a useful addition to any users tool belt.
Features wins of the penal colony.
Features wipe clean cover and photo sticker.
Features wipe clean cover and pop up pages.
Features wipe clean cover, dust jacket and photo sticker.
Features woodcarvings, sculptures, cloisonne, masks, dolls, and paintings.
Features work by high school and college students.
Features work by many talented people.
Features work by Polish cartoonists.
Features work differently than they are documented.
Features work from a vast range of artists.
Features work in clay and found objects to create animal forms that are engaging.
Features work of first year graduate playwrights.
Features work to family checklist and a life balance worksheet.
Features workbooks, audio and video seminars, CD-ROMs and more.
Features works by Canadian authors.
Features works by noted artists from throughout the United States.
Features works by R.A.Nockolds.
Features works by second-year master's of fine arts students.
Features works for orchestra.
Features works for unusual instrumental combinations and computer-generated sounds.
Features works from a variety of genres including fiction, poetry, nonfiction prose, and drama.
Features works from Chicago, The Pajama Game, Sweet Charity and more.
Features works from the gallery's permanent collection.
Features works in black and white by a lesbian couple.
Features works of contemporary professional Irish artists.
Features works of Cuban artists living and working in Cuba.
Features works of Lebanese and Arab painters and sculptors, events, an art directory and links.
Features works of local artists.
Features works of long unavailable counrty blues, gospel and jazz.
Features works of regional artists throughout academic year.
Features works of some of the most famous aviation artists including some originals.
Features works of the modern Japanese painting artist to whom it stands as a memorial.
Features works selected by faculty from freshman through junior level art students.
Features Works with virtually any data source.
Features worship music, interviews and skits.
Features wrap around handles for added support.
Feature often fails.
Features often change appearance at different lunar phases.
Features often focus on news and issues affecting the lymphatic industry and community.
Features often reveal the approximate date of occupation as well.
Features often track price.
Features usually refers to things with a spatial component, whereas entities can refer to anything.
All features apply intelligence to every setting.
All features are accessible by the admin panel to allow easy editing and administration of the mall.
All features are accessible from a simple main screen directly.
All features are accessible with a minimum of button presses.
All features are ad-free.
All features are always available when a program is open b.
All features are available and site contains sample data.
All features are available from the front panel without the remote control.
All features are available in the unregistered version.
All features are available offline.
All features are available on all supported platforms.
All features are available on all types of accounts, unless otherwise noted.
All features are available on both hardware platforms.
All features are available through a secure Internet connection.
All features are available to all members.
All features are available to all who sign up.
All features are available to both types of users.
All features are available to members of the list only.
All features are available upon registration.
All features are available with applications for wireless devices.
All features are both visible and easy to explain.
All features are color coordinated with snappy detailing.
All Features are complete, aside from the preferences dialog.
All features are cross-platform.
All features are current as of the date of the published quadrangle.
All features are customisable and optional.
All features are customizable - right down to the icons.
All features are easy to access and use.
All features are edge-matched across sheet edges.
All features are free and offered at no obligation.
All features are FREE for a limited time.
All features are free including photo uploads.
All features are free of charge.
All features are free, so join the leading community for investors and traders now.
All features are fully configurable by the user.
All features are fully functional.
All features are identical including the touch screen .
All features are identical.
All features are in stereo.
All features are individually selectable to allow the map to be 'decluttered'.
All features are instantly available from any terminal at any location of the practice.
All features are less common in women who often have asymptomatic illness.
All features are open to the public without any registration except for the last.
All features are password protected.
All features are present under all install sizes.
All features are remotely programmable via programming port, radio or telephone.
All features are remotely programmable via radio or telephone.
All features are servlet based.
All features are still accessible using the original command-driven interface.
All features are straight forward in use.
All features are subject to change without notice.
All features are subject to change.
All features are the same as Japanese version.
All features are the same as the unlimited plan.
All features are the same color as the jersey.
All features are the same, it is just another compilation.
All features are toggleable and configurable.
All Features avail.
All features combine to create a touch of antebellum appeal.
All features contribute to the support, comfort, mobility, and durability of the glove.
All features depend upon the package purchased.
All features discussed above are available today.
All features has been preserved, there are also some new things.
All features have hypertext links to jump from one to another.
All features have new names.
All features have their price listed next to the feature when listing an item to sell.
All features including mouse actions are configurable.
All features listed are subject to change.
All features operate at user set wavelengths or during wavelength scans.
All features operate automatically.
All features remain the same.
All features require the same vote to pass.
All features run on all platforms.
All features share the same look and feel.
All features shown here are subject to change.
All features stated above are indicative of product highlights.
All features support the goals of customizability and reducing administrative costs.
All features work concurrently.
All features work equally well with any tuning.
All features work seamlessly.
Any feature is a bug unless it can be turned off.
Any features are subject to change at any time without notice.
Every feature added to software is another feature that can be abused.
Every feature has a hint that explains what it does.
Every feature has a job.
Every feature has an impact on the final delivery.
Every feature is archived in Series and writers.
Every feature is designed with ease of use as a primary consideration.
Every feature is documented in a logical, straightforward manner, but everybody does that.
Every feature is explained in detail, with even some extra information on the why s of each feature.
Every feature is explained in plain English.
Every feature is fully customizable and allows an infinite variety for the creative.
Every feature is fully functional.
Every feature is geared towards efficient management Websites.
Every feature is highlighted on the video tape with on screen notes.
Every feature is in the program for a reason.
Every feature is intended to make using it as convenient as possible.
Every feature is introduced by a snippet of dialogue from the movie.
Every feature is required to be associated with an agent.
Every feature is treated with precision.
Every feature speaks.
Many feature require downloading of free plug-in program from the links provided.
Many Feature Wins On Both Cars.
Many features abound here.
Many features allow for added fullness, giving greater comfort and ease of movement.
Many features are accessible through a menu listed on the display panel.
Many features are available only to selected user-access levels.
Many features are available to customize the screens, such as rearranging the grid columns.
Many features are available to make the boat very comfortable for cruising.
Many features are available.
Many features are contingent.
Many features are difficult to find.
Many features are free and some require a fee.
Many features are free.
Many features are hard to find, hard to configure, a hassle to change, and just plain complicated.
Many features are in store for all students and the alumni.
Many features are in the works.
Many features are noticeably absent.
Many features are only available to registered users.
Many features are still under construction.
Many features are still under development.
Many features are still under work.
Many features are too small to be identified in both pictures.
Many features combine to make the PM system ideal for home owners and business uses.
Many features come with one affordable yearly charge.
Many features commonly exist in both versions, so only the superficial differences are discussed.
Many features continue to develop during larval stage.
Many features customizable by the user.
Many features customizable through a system and user rc file.
Many features distinguish our campus.
Many features facilitate the control of the data.
Many features have a southeastern origin.
Many features have to be customized to fit the particular situation at an organization.
Many features lack proper documentation.
Many features make Baldwin County attractive for future residential growth.
Many features make it easier than ever.
Many features make the program accessable for beginners through experts.
Many features observed in experiment are compatible with the consequences of the nonlinear theory.
Many features offer more than one benefit.
Many features rely on updating flags or properties to reflect a message's current status.
Many features require a login.
Many features require a paid subscription.
Many features require a subscription.
Many features require membership.
Many features require registration and a password.
Many features require the switchhook to be pressed.
Many features result directly from user feedback.
More features are available if the address is entered.
More features are available in the pull-down menus for insert, format, table, graphics and tools.
More features are being added all the time, so check back frequently.
More features are currently in development.
More features are currently under development.
More features are on the way for next version.
More features are on the way, including links to entertainment events and affiliated companies.
More features are to be added in future versions.
More features are under construction for future unveiling.
More features are under way.
More features become available once the program is registered.
More features coming soon, so check back.
More features equals more security holes.
More features means more bases covered, a wider market.
More features means more doc, making it harder for new users to find their way around it.
More features offer a greater breadth of scholarship and application.
More features pop up, and other technical elements are being fixed.
Most features affect capability.
Most features affect reproductive capability.
Most features appear only once.
Most features are a mixture of the two, but in some cases there can be no compromise.
Most features are about two hours long, whereas TV fits into the required slots.
Most features are accessible from almost anywhere in the program.
Most features are already in, but expect a padding option and some minor stuff.
Most features are available as part of the free-trial.
Most features are available at no additional charge.
Most features are available to non-forms users, but searching requires a browser with forms support.
Most features are currently available only for non-protein structures.
Most features are easily upgradeable in the field via plug in option boards.
Most features are functional in the demo.
Most features are hard to see at still images.
Most features are in place.
Most features are obvious.
Most features are of no real use and can sometimes degrade the deck's performance.
Most features are self-explanatory.
Most features come at no cost.
Most features contribute to drainage.
Most features contribute to ease.
Most features contribute to efficient drainage.
Most features contribute to efficient water drainage.
Most features contribute to water drainage.
Most features defined by header fields have a request part and a response part.
Most features ensure survival.
Most features evolve over time.
Most features have a hyperlink that opens a page that explains that feature in detail.
Most features have density.
Most features have equivalents.
Most features have evolutionary significance.
Most features have impact.
Most features have significance.
Most features have very narrow linewidths, indicating quiescent gas.
Most features help ancient mammals.
Most features help animals.
Most features help different environments.
Most features help environments.
Most features help identification.
Most features help mammals.
Most features help ocean environments.
Most features help plants.
Most features help survival.
Most features increase ability.
Most features make subjects.
Most features provide applications.
Most features provide benefits.
Most features provide capability.
Most features provide evidence.
Most features provide information.
Most features relate to body compositions.
Most features relate to compositions.
Most features rely on sensor types.
Most features rely on specific types.
Most features rely on types.
Most features require a membership.
Most features require subscription.
Most features say in statements.
Most features serve purposes.
Most features show related national standards.
Most features vary among individuals.
Some feature goes here.
Some features achieve results.
Some features achieve same results.
Some features act unpredictably, and the program needs more memory allocated to it for larger files.
Some features affect distribution.
Some features affect ecology.
Some features affect runoff.
Some features affect storms.
Some features affect suitabilities.
Some features affect survival.
Some features allow organisms.
Some features also appear to be Phonician.
Some features also come from plug-ins written by other people.
Some features appear across all applications, such as multiple undo levels and HTML exporting.
Some features are a little easier to apply to regular lifestyles.
Some features are artifacts of data collection and environmental conditions.
Some features are as yet only available under unix.
Some features are attractive, e.g. local time stamping, file lock and the interface.
Some features are available for all documents in our scanned page collection.
Some features are available on our site only through use of a cookie.
Some features are available only for a fee.
Some features are available only for registered users.
Some features are available only on a fee for use basis.
Some features are available only on the older and more mature firewalls.
Some features are available only with cable service, others with satellite receivers.
Some features are caused by erosion.
Some features are caused by mutation.
Some features are caused by storms.
Some features are command logging, interactive help, shell escapes.
Some features are dependant upon main system control.
Some features are difficult to find.
Some features are direction independent and so are duplicated on both strands.
Some features are easier to add to textbook conversations than others.
Some features are ephemeral, their activity lasting a few hours, days or weeks.
Some features are ephemeral, their activity lasting a few hours, days, or weeks.
Some features are familiar, while others have an ominous or spoofy futuristic cast.
Some features are for members only, but many others can be accessed freely.
Some features are for members only.
Some features are free and some are subscription based.
Some features are free, but many services require paid subscription.
Some features are free, others require a subscription.
Some features are free, some are fee-based.
Some features are free.
Some features are givens.
Some features are hard to find, and others are presented without explanation.
Some features are in all three products.
Some features are incomplete.
Some features are industry contacts, labour news and a listing of some great seminars.
Some features are interpreted as evidence.
Some features are limited, as they only work with other pager subscribers.
Some features are mandatory and some are optional.
Some features are more usable by where they are located within the dwelling.
Some features are more useful as extra outputs than as inputs.
Some features are network dependent.
Some features are oak woodwork, vaulted ceilings and gas fireplace.
Some features are only accessible at low tide.
Some features are only available in the print version, but many are online.
Some features are only available in the Professional version.
Some features are only available in the registered version.
Some features are only available through certain reservation options.
Some features are only available to subscribers.
Some features are options in select residences.
Some features are pay and some are free.
Some features are race tips, cars, drivers, tracks, stats, schedule, sponsors, rules and photos.
Some features are real boons, some are plain superfluous and much of it is a judgment call.
Some features are self sorting, stacking, digital stamping, and memory features.
Some features are shared by arthropods.
Some features are shared by modern arthropods.
Some features are shared by synapsids.
Some features are simple consumer choices.
Some features are standard, some are extra.
Some features are still under construction.
Some features are subscription based.
Some features are temporary and concern one organ, one function, or one set of responses.
Some features are the classroom, historical calendar, exhibits, games, and more.
Some features are the classroom, historical calendar, exhibits, quiz, and more.
Some features are the determination of the Earth's age, volcanic eruptions, and atmospheric change.
Some features are transitional and are designed to assist the market towards maturity.
Some features are unique to the species, however.
Some features are unwanted or unnecessary in the job being done.
Some features are updated weekly while late-breaking news is also tracked.
Some features are very nice.
Some features are very unMaclike.
Some features are well established while others are on the research stage.
Some features are world class.
Some features are yet to be added.
Some features are yet to function - come visit again in a few days.
Some features are, of course, unique.
Some features attract attention.
Some features attract moose.
Some features attract pollinators.
Some features automatically handle incoming telephone calls.
Some features blend the old and the new.
Some features can turn a statement from a mere data display into a valuable tool.
Some features carry more weight than others.
Some features come at the expense of others.
Some features consist of intense nausea.
Some features consist of nausea.
Some features consist of sudden nausea.
Some features contribute to success.
Some features cover physical fitness, relationships, fashion, and beauty.
Some features define metabolic syndromes.
Some features define syndromes.
Some features depend on conditions.
Some features depend on genetic conditions.
Some features determine distribution.
Some features die in the market place and are never heard of again.
Some features do have a usage charge or work only with selected models of phones.
Some features drive evolution.
Some features enable children.
Some features enable end users.
Some features enable users.
Some features enhance security.
Some features enhance success.
Some features even suggest catastrophic floods.
Some features explore examples.
Some features find in primates.
Some features found in the early models are unique.
Some features get information.
Some features have a recurring theme throughout.
Some features have already been mentioned, nevertheless some are worth to emphasize once again.
Some features have benefits.
Some features have chances.
Some features have different functions.
Some features have functions.
Some features have height restrictions.
Some features have limited functionality in the Trial Version.
Some features have purposes.
Some features have roles.
Some features have to be added by the user.
Some features have video clips.
Some features help causes.
Some features help drought.
Some features help earthworms.
Some features help geologists.
Some features help newcomers.
Some features help storms.
Some features identify bullfrogs.
Some features incline too much toward democracy, and others too much toward oligarchy.
Some features increase chances.
Some features indicate infection.
Some features indicate quality.
Some features involve development.
Some features involve the listeners and invite their responses.
Some features just add a little more quality - antialiasing is the prime example.
Some features last only a few hours, days or weeks.
Some features lead to dehydration.
Some features lead to development.
Some features lead to success.
Some features limit usage.
Some features look suspiciously like dried up rivers and even lakebeds.
Some features protect hypothalami.
Some features prove evolution.
Some features provide additional conveniences.
Some features provide conveniences.
Some features provide cost.
Some features provide definition.
Some features provide habitats.
Some features provide health.
Some features provide human health.
Some features provide important habitats.
Some features provide insight.
Some features provide opportunity.
Some features provide protection.
Some features reflect capacity.
Some features reflect high capacity.
Some features relate to ecology.
Some features relate to environments.
Some features represent characteristics.
Some features require a feature licence to be enabled.
Some features require a one-time set up or production fee.
Some features require a paid subscription.
Some features require a registration code for activation.
Some features require a subscription fee.
Some features require a subscription.
Some features require a user name.
Some features require activation codes.
Some features require additional fees.
Some features require an extra charge above the monthly base charge for the line.
Some features require crops.
Some features require double clicks while others are single clicks.
Some features require effects.
Some features require for development.
Some features require free membership.
Some features require free registration.
Some features require javascript and cookies to be enabled.
Some features require magnification.
Some features require membership, which is simply a valid yahoo username and password.
Some features require membership.
Some features require multimedia capable computers.
Some features require paid registration, others are free of charge.
Some features require paid subscription.
Some features require payment.
Some features require registration.
Some features require sighted assistance to initially set.
Some features require subscription.
Some features require that e-mail be sent to site visitors who browse that web.
Some features require the Chime browser plugin.
Some features require upgrade components.
Some features show interference.
Some features show similarity.
Some features show variation.
Some features suggest a different diagnosis among the causes of acute motor dysfunction .
Some features take one optional parameter.
Some features vary because of a mixture of inherited causes and environmental causes.
Some features vary in brightness.
Featured activities relate to lake ecology, fishing, and aquatic conservation.
Featured animals are deer and black bear.
Featured areas are Canada, Palestine, Kenya, China and Cambodia.
Some featured areas are affirmative action, career center, sports, and arts and literature.
Featured art includes original oils, watercolors, etchings, lithographs and enamels.
Featured articles are available in full text, complete with figures and tables.
Featured articles are available in full-text in HTML format.
Featured articles are available in full-text.
Featured articles are available in HTML format.
Featured articles are available in the link below.
Featured articles are avalable in HTML format.
Featured articles are but a sample of the many treasures to be found.
Featured articles are good.
Featured articles can and do change.
Featured articles regarding various subjects are also available.
Featured artists perform full length latest hits.
All featured artists are women.
Featured auctions appear at the top of the category page, ahead of the regular listings.
Featured books are available at a discount at participating bookstores.
Featured breads change daily.
Featured cards change frequently.
All featured characters are the property of their respective creators.
Featured charities receive notification and respond to ticket offering via e-mail.
Featured Classes Come on in.
Featured clients have capability of updating their listings information.
Featured collections range from the Revolutionary war to the present.
Featured colors are blue, red, white and green, on a black background and in a floral motif.
Featured colors are fawn, dark brown, and white.
Many featured columnists are business, legal or financial professionals.
Some featured companies compensate the site with cash or stock.
Featured condos show floor plans list ammenities and photos.
Featured drinks are expresso, cappuccino, cafe latte and more.
Featured Editorials Send a free e-post card by our artist of the month.
Featured Employers get their name placed under the right column on every page of the site.
Featured entertainment includes poetry reading and local bands.
Many featured exhibits are available for licensing and commercialization.
Featured flowers are yellow lilies, roses, snapdragons and white carnations.
Featured galleries can use our secure e-commerce platform to sell their works.
Featured games are ideas that went above and beyond regular ideas in detail and quality.
Featured gardeners receive a special gardening kneeler.
All featured hotels have private facilities.
Featured information is a link to political science departments and their information.
Featured items are one of a kind, made by artisans whose vision is reflected in their work.
Featured items range from cookbooks and children's books to scholarly and reference works.
All featured items are at reduced prices .
Every featured item finds a permanent home in one or more of our catalog collections.
Most featured items are on sale.
Featured links are always kid-safe, educational, and enjoyable.
Featured Links can go Here.
Featured links lead to commercial, governmental, educational, cultural and tourism pages.
Featured Links Learn about more Napa Valley wineries .
Featured Links Looking for some NEW links check out the ones below.
Featured material includes native California plants.
Featured molecules are acetone, aspirin, butane, creatine, ethanol, and glycerin.
All featured packages are available daily, subject to flight and room availability.
All featured pennies have a picture of both the obverse and reverse.
Featured poets are the webmistress, well known poets and lesser known poets.
Featured poets have a permanent place where their poetry is stored for others to read.
All featured programs encourage students to think, hypothesize, and experiment.
Featured projects replicate birch bark, dentalia shell and beads and items of skin and wool felt.
Many featured rides range from novice to expert at most weekend getaways.
Featured segments stress the importance of developing a healthy lifestyle.
Featured sites contain sites that have just recently launched.
Featured soloists receive stipends covering the rehearsals and performance.
Featured speakers are nationally renowned leaders in women's sports.
Most featured stocks are low-priced with high growth potential.
Featured stories change regularly, and are available in sound formats as well as in text.
Featured structures are the membranes, organelles, and filamentous assemblies of eukaryotic cells.
Featured styles are house, disco, pop, rap, randb, electro, techno, and reggae.
Featured titles are available at times for purchase on-line.
Featured Tutors Get help from the best of the best.
Featured work includes clay, jewelry and glass.
Featured works reflect experiments with line, shape, value, color, texture, pattern and space.
Featured works span a wide variety.
Many featured works are for sale.
Featured writings are exclusive property of the contributing author.
Features articles cover a wide range of topics pertaining to academia.
Features data hold key and voltage output for remote indicator or recorder.
Features phones are similar to many currently available Web phones today.
Febrile convulsions are seizures triggered by high fever.
Most febrile seizers are simple, occur only once and have an excellent prognosis or outcome.
Febrile seizure is a seizure brought on by high fever and infection.
Febrile seizures are convulsions brought on by a fever in infants or small children.
Febrile seizures are essentially impossible to prevent.
Febrile seizures are limited to the young, probably under three years old.
Febrile seizures are the most common form of childhood seizures.
Febrile seizures are the most common seizure disorder in childhood.
Febrile seizures are the most common type of seizures observed in the pediatric age group.
Febrile seizures are usually benign but can cause considerable parental anxiety.
Febrile seizures can be frightening, but they are generally harmless, and have no long-term effects.
Febrile seizures can occur with only a minimally elevated temperature.
Febrile seizures can result.
Febrile seizures is known to aggregate in families.
Febrile seizures make parents and grandparents very anxious.
Febrile seizures tend to occur in families.
February evenings bring plenty of great sights for all three.
February has (part) calendar weeks.
February isa month.
Some fecal analyses have potential.
Some fecal analyses have tremendous potential.
Fecal buildup can cause health problems.
Fecal cholesterol derives from both dietary sources and epithelial cell breakdown.
Fecal contamination is a common cause of gastrointestinal illness.
Fecal contamination is one way the organism is spread to raw agricultural products.
Fecal contamination is very damaging because of bioaccumulation .
Fecal contamination occurs when people defecate outdoors or use human feces as fertilizer.
Fecal culture is used to confirm positive-test results.
Fecal culture requires a lengthy incubation period and is costly.
All fecal data are expressed on a dry-weight basis.
Fecal energy is the single largest loss for a ruminant.
Fecal energy remains in the digestive tract and is never used by the body before excretion.
Fecal exams analyze for intestinal parasites.
Fecal exams are useful for parasites that characteristically pass their eggs in the feces.
Fecal examination is recommended yearly on both dogs and cats.
Fecal examinations are advantageous.
Fecal examinations can identify the exact parasite so it can be eradicated quickly and safely.
Fecal excretion is primarily at night.
Fecal flotation is the most accurate way to detect most internal parasites.
A fecal impaction is irregularity
Fecal impaction can cause diarrhea.
Fecal impaction is common.
Fecal impaction is probably the leading cause of incontinence in institutionalized older patients.
Fecal impactions are constipation.
Fecal incontinence affects people of all ages.
Fecal incontinence can precipitate recurrent vaginal or urinary tract infections.
Fecal incontinence is a physical problem that can be treated.
Fecal incontinence is a symptom.
Fecal incontinence is another result here.
Fecal incontinence is common in the senile, as is constipation.
Fecal incontinence is loss of control over bowel movements.
Fecal incontinence is more common in women than men.
Fecal incontinence is much more debilitating than urinary incontinence.
Fecal incontinence is the inability to control passage of feces and gas from the anus.
Fecal incontinence is the loss of normal control of the bowels.
Fecal incontinence is the loss of normal muscle control of the bowels.
Fecal incontinence is the result of preventable problems and is usually managed conservatively.
Fecal leucocytes are present in infectious with invasive organisms.
Fecal material is deposited daily by both rats and mice.
Fecal material is mixed with a concentrated salt solution.
Fecal material is usually the most important source of bacterial contamination of eggs.
Fecal material is voided through the anus from the short rectum.
Some fecal materials accumulate in fetal intestines.
Some fecal materials accumulate in intestines.
Fecal matter can get on bedclothes or on someone's hand.
Fecal matter comes to mind.
Fecal matter contains undigested food, bacteria, and cells from the walls of the digestive tract.
Fecal matter is accumulated outside the tube system in dark strings of pellets.
Fecal matter is an excretory product
Fecal matter is excrements.
Fecal matter is mixture.
Fecal matter is solid objects.
Fecal matter is the solid portion of a bird's dropping.
Some fecal matter causes infection.
Some fecal matter contains cysts.
Some fecal matter provides nutrients.
Fecal moisture is higher on horses fed grass hays compared to legume hays.
Fecal pellets are very solid, and resistant to mechanical breakup.
Some fecal pellets contain food.
Some fecal pellets have a high phosphate content.
Fecal sample is sent to lab for DNA probe detection of virus.
Some fecal samples collect from terrapins.
Some fecal samples indicate infection.
Some fecal samples use kits.
Fecal softeners promote water retention in the fecal mass, thus softening the stool.
Fecal streptococci are relatively long-lived in the environment.
Fecal testing is relatively specific if the proper culture media on a species basis is utilized.
Feces alone is a significant contribution to soil communities.
Feces are a highly valuable food, consisting of the dead and living bodies of millions of bacteria.
Feces are a major source of water contamination.
Feces are critical in determining the type of rodent and measure of activity.
Feces are known for their unpleasant odor and brown color .
Feces are known for their unpleasant odor and brown color.
Feces are likewise extremely dry.
Feces are mixed with wood shavings and stacked in a composting building.
Feces are normally brown or dark brown in color, soft, and formed.
Feces are of normal color, despite low levels of fecal urobilinogen.
Feces are often yellow-gray in color with an oily texture.
Feces are stored here until they are eliminated from the body through defecation.
Feces are the major source of bacterial contamination in livestock and poultry slaughterhouses.
Feces are the primary source of infections.
Feces are typically non-bloody and semisoft.
Feces are unattractive and unsanitary on lawns and garden areas.
Feces are unsightly, presents a health hazard, and prevents others from enjoying public areas.
Feces are used by some scientists to follow tiger populations .
Feces are used by some scientists to follow tiger populations.
Feces are usually soft, poorly formed, pale, and contain mucus.
Feces are yellow-orange color with blood and mucus occasionally found.
Feces build up in the rectum, until enough pressure encourages excretion out of the anus.
Feces can be either grayish or fluid and bloody.
Feces can be tasteful to the dog.
Feces can contain potentially pathogenic organisms, which can cause skin infection.
Feces can have numerous types of parasites.
Feces collect in the rectum, the final portion of the large intestine.
Feces demonstrate both increased uroporphyrin and coproporphyrin.
Feces excrete through the anus.
Feces get into cuts or directly into the conjunctiva.
Feces has no white blood cells.
Feces have to change direction, and the more they're pushed, the worse the angle gets.
Feces is almost powder like because they're good at extracting water from food.
Feces is full of bacteria.
Feces is very foul smelling.
Feces lack their characteristic brown color and instead are white or gray, and greasy.
Feces likes punishment.
Feces move through the colon and rectum and leave the body through the anus.
Feces produced are thin and watery, a condition known as diarrhea .
Feces Remove solids, then blot up any moisture with paper towels.
Feces See abortion.
Feces usually are soft, poorly formed, pale, malodorous, contain mucus, and appear fatty.
Fecundation isa beginning.
Fecundity increases exponentially with size.
Fecundity increases with size and age.
Fecundity is creativity
Fecundity is creativity.
Fecundity is low and their life cycle lengthy.
Fecundity is moderate.
Fecundity is nature's way.
Fecundity tends to increase north to south.
Fecundity thus becomes the indispensable end of sexual intimacy.
FECV infection maintains itself by constantly infecting and re-infecting the same cats.
Some fed jurisdiction have full text cases in free searchable databases.
Some fed users rely on it, others find different buying methods more effective.
Fedayeen action forms the nucleous of the popular Palestinian war of liberation.
Federal action is necessary for state restructuring programs to achieve their maximum potential.
Federal action is necessary to, and conditioned upon, the action of States.
Federal action is needed.
Federal action is required.
Federal action is urged on tainted food.
Federal administrators can also use the national skill standards as assessment tools.
Every federal administrator knows how complex reporting and regulatory requirements can be.
A federal agency is an unit
Federal agencies adopt values.
Federal agencies are a special case, however.
Federal agencies are closed .
Federal agencies are closed.
Federal agencies are exempt from agency name.
Federal agencies are in conflict.
Federal agencies are more receptive to personalized accounts than form letters.
Federal agencies are now interested in funding consortia rather than single institution projects.
Federal agencies are often the sole suppliers of the information they hold.
Federal agencies are prime targets of attackers.
Federal agencies are responsible for conformance with such laws and policies.
Federal agencies are responsible for inspecting dams that generate electricity.
Federal agencies are responsible for managing radioactive waste under their control.
Federal agencies are subject to a number of federal statutes.
Federal agencies are uncoordinated in their efforts to offer funding information electronically.
Federal agencies are under court order to develop a recovery plan but keep missing the deadlines.
Federal agencies are unsure of their roles.
Federal agencies are very unlikely to pay for such studies.
Federal agencies bear the greatest obligation for protecting threatened and endangered species.
Federal agencies bring additional technical and financial resources to the watershed.
Federal agencies can always inspect regulated parties.
Federal agencies can be Load Aggregators or they can work through other entities such as utilities.
Federal agencies can control the uses of private property only through purchase or easement.
Federal agencies can promote seat belt use with their employees and constituents.
Federal agencies can provide information on abortion options.
Federal agencies can request the information for free.
Federal agencies can still bring actions based on disparate impact.
Federal agencies charged with protecting salmon are numerous.
Federal agencies conduct compliance inapoctiona .
Federal agencies consider their own priorities to be paramount.
Federal agencies continue to take precautionary, prudent steps to prepare for any contingencies.
Federal agencies coordinate programs to attract more minorities to science and engineering.
Federal agencies define mitigation much more broadly.
Federal agencies develop regulations.
Federal agencies employ women.
Federal agencies exchange data with hundreds of outside partners to support many programs.
Federal agencies expect a figure in line with their own rates.
Federal agencies face even more monumental hurdles.
Federal agencies face their own budgetary challenges.
Federal agencies get more flexibility to address recreational needs.
Federal agencies handle charter and headboats differently than private recreational boats.
Federal agencies have a duty to protect endangered species and their habitats, without exception.
Federal agencies have a further incentive to move from mainframes to client-server.
Federal agencies have a natural coordination role when basins cross state or national boundaries.
Federal agencies have a role to play.
Federal agencies have authority.
Federal agencies have but a handful of law enforcement officers to patrol millions of acres.
Federal agencies have different data distribution practices affecting global change research data.
Federal agencies have discretion concerning decisions on individual cases.
Federal agencies have key roles to play in helping to control nonpoint source pollution.
Federal agencies have money available.
Federal agencies have no authority to intervene in individual child abuse and neglect cases.
Federal agencies have requirements.
Federal agencies help Washington.
Federal agencies hold public hearings and invite written comment as part of listing process.
Federal agencies issue solicitation bulletins at least once per year.
Federal agencies keep the link connected because of the policies promoted on weight issues.
Federal agencies know far more about the Oklahoma City bombing than they're willing to admit.
Federal agencies lead the move to distance learning and videoconferencing.
Federal agencies make the final student selections.
Federal agencies manage large amounts of public lands throughout the country.
Federal agencies participate as subject matter experts and speakers.
Federal agencies participate by providing lists of providers.
Federal agencies pass product safety rules and regulations.
Federal agencies provide free technical assistance and support.
Federal agencies provide payment for sponsored projects through a letter of credit process.
Federal agencies provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities.
Federal agencies provide reasonable accomodations to applicants with disabilities.
Federal agencies provide summaries of research funding and expenditures, as do many states.
Federal agencies rank environmental protection as a top priority.
Federal agencies regulate utilities that provide service to more than one state.
Federal agencies reimburse library spending that supports their research.
Federal agencies rely on consumer complaints to decide which companies to investigate.
Federal agencies request applications for property as indicated in plan.
Federal agencies require a signed Privacy Act Consent Form in order to respond to an inquiry.
Federal agencies require college education.
Federal agencies require education.
Federal agencies require employees.
Federal agencies require the use of economy class and U.S. flag carriers.
Federal agencies require the use of U.S. flag carriers.
Federal agencies run the biggest businesses in the world.
Federal agencies seem to be getting the message.
Federal agencies seem to be having problems satisfying a children's privacy law.
Federal agencies speak with one voice.
Federal agencies support university research to further their agency missions.
Federal agencies use it to distribute electronic files to the public.
Federal agencies use spectrum to provide critical public services.
Federal agencies work without coordination and focus on only part of the issue.
Federal agencies write their own additions and rules to existing regulations.
Federal agency pays lawyer to argue case for obese rights.
Federal agency threatens hefty fines.
All federal agencies are nominally subordinate to the president.
All federal agencies can use it to make payments.
All federal agencies can use the Economy Act.
All federal agencies employ program analysts.
All federal agencies have plans in progress for full electronic submission of proposals .
All federal agencies maintain home pages which list their procurement opportunities.
All federal agencies recruit nationally.
Every federal agency has a home page, as do many law firms and corporations.
Every federal agency has the requirement to comply with environmental laws and regulations.
Every federal agency is affected, as are state and local agencies that use federal money.
Every federal agency is at risk of widespread systems failures.
Many federal agencies are of interest to health professionals.
Many federal agencies form government partnerships to prevent drug abuse.
Many federal agencies give grants to nonprofit groups.
Many federal agencies have a role to play in the federal response to a terrorist incident.
Many federal agencies have concerns.
Many federal agencies hire wildlife managers.
Many federal agencies offer publications of interest to small businesses.
Many federal agencies permit nonlawyers to represent parties before that particular agency.
Many federal agencies require their recruits to have a college degree.
Many federal agencies study and monitor lead exposure.
Many federal agencies take up to ten months to process, evaluate and select proposals for funding.
Most federal agencies adopt values.
Most federal agencies announce their acquisition forecasts on the Internet.
Most federal agencies are complex institutions and extraordinarily hard to lead and manage.
Most federal agencies are reluctant to speak on the record about another agency's draft proposal.
Most federal agencies develop regulations.
Most federal agencies employ women.
Most federal agencies have authority.
Most federal agencies have employee hotlines for reporting of fraud, waste or abuse.
Most Federal agencies have formal programs which target both low level and mid level employees.
Most Federal agencies have guidelines for administering grants.
Most federal agencies have requirements.
Most federal agencies have some type of grantmaking program.
Most federal agencies have their own reporting forms, requirements and deadlines for annual reports.
Most federal agencies operate business-like organizations or receive reimbursable work requests.
Most federal agencies participate.
Most Federal agencies provide a form on which to present such assurances.
Most federal agencies require college education.
Most federal agencies require education.
Most federal agencies require employees.
Most federal agencies withhold final payment on projects until all required documents are delivered.
Some federal agencies are more eager to fill vacuums than others.
Some federal agencies create opportunity.
Some federal agencies disallow tuition.
Some federal agencies employ police.
Some federal agencies establish speed zones.
Some federal agencies establish zones.
Some federal agencies have duty-stationed employees at CESUs.
Some federal agencies have programs specifically for graduate research and dissertation support.
Some federal agencies have unstated priorities.
Some federal agencies hire meteorologists.
Some federal agencies issue certificates of confidentiality for funded research.
Some federal agencies operate real-time information sources on the Web to track stream flow.
Some federal agencies require degrees.
Some federal agencies run systematic trainee programs for classes of new junior employees.
Some federal agencies use a lower dollar amount in defining equipment.
Some federal agencies use energy star products.
Some federal agencies use products.
Federal agenda mixes politics and several private-sector principles.
A federal agent is an official
Federal agents are accustomed to attorneys accompanying witnesses to meetings with agents.
Federal agents are everywhere.
Federal agents can confiscate private property with no court order and no proof of legal violations.
Federal agents carry the burden of effort to find the missing men.
Federal agents crack down on Northern Kentucky gambling houses.
Federal agents descend upon a safe house and within minutes eight men are dead.
Federal agents get wind of a surreptitious arms hoard.
Federal agents interfere in an undercover operation aimed at a Colombian drug kingpin.
Federal agents plan to do electronic security sweeps of major monuments and federal buildings.
Federal agents storm the home.
Federal agents swarm the farm and round up the people.
Many federal agents are highly specialized.
Federal aid can be significant.
Federal aid comes in the form of grants and loans.
Federal aid is a boon for bureaucracy.
Federal aid is available for both students and parents.
Federal aid is available for U.S. citizens and permanent residents only.
Federal aid is available in the form of grants, loans and work-study.
Federal aid is available in the form of loans for both U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Federal aid is available, but there are obligations.
Federal aid is distributed to rural task forces based on a set formula.
Federal aid is prorated based on the number of credits taken.
Federal aid is very similar from school to school.
Federal aid makes a difference in the lives of Wisconsin residents.
Much federal aid remains specific.
Federal appeals judge embraces liberalism in conservative times.
Federal appeals take much less time than in state court.
Federal appropriations begin.
Federal area is developed.
Federal area particulates attainment designation.
Federal area particulates classification descriptor.
Federal artillery attempts to drive away Confederate sharpshooters but without success.
Federal assistance can consist of technical assistance, grants, agreements, and contracts.
Federal assistance continues to be provided to affected North Carolina residents.
Federal assistance is also available through competitive grants and cooperative agreements.
Federal assistance is done through disability claims or widow compensation.
Federal assistance is much needed.
Federal assistance is necessary to help our neighbors in Orange and Wyoming on the road to recovery.
Federal assistance is needed as well.
Federal assistance is used to augment state and local resources and to help relief agencies.
Federal assistance is vital.
Most federal assistance is in the form of low interest loans.
Federal attacks continue during the day but are uncoordinated and meet with little success.
Federal audit critiques Oregon special education .
Federal authorities are now likely to remove the sketch from lists of wanted suspects.
Federal authorities are unable, or unwilling, to stop it.
Federal authorities can send the convict to federal prisons far away from friends and family.
Federal authorities decide to get at the bushwhackers through their families.
Federal authorities decline to prosecute hard-core pornographers.
Federal authorities disagree.
Federal authorities get more reliable data on nursing home medication use.
Federal authorities have jurisdiction over Indian gambling casinos.
Federal authorities have no intention of backing off.
Federal authorities investigate the rash of burnings.
Federal authorities issue documents intended to inflame further religious intolerance.
Federal authorities pay close attention to the repayment of such loans.
Federal authorities plan to commit another battalion.
Federal authorities say that if there is no local enforcement, they rely on parents.
Federal authorities say that seven people have already pleaded guilty to charges.
Federal authorities see it differently.
Federal authority covers laws related to patents, pensions and profit sharing, and labor issues.
Federal authority is limited to carrier operations that cross state lines.
Federal authority is reduced and voluntary accreditation is strengthened.
Federal benefits are stronger.
Many Federal benefits result in payments of money after an employee's death.
Federal biologists say beluga numbers have declined by half in the past four years.
Some federal budgets take on the aura of a national saga.
Federal building is on right.
Federal buildings have to meet federal standards, and are generally exempt from local codes.
All federal buildings are now smoke free facilities.
All federal buildings have digital coverage now.
Federal bureaucrats lose more loose change than that under the couch cushions every day.
Federal buyers can become savvier purchasers using that kind of research.
Federal buyers view the same items and item pricing as non-Federal buyers.
Federal cabinet agrees on changes to law on nuclear power plants Bonn.
Federal cabinet approves annual economic report Bonn.
Federal cabinet meets today Bonn.
Federal candidates have the right to purchase reasonable amounts of time.
All federal cases require a unanimous decision.
Most federal cases end with the district court's decision.
Federal census records for the state.
Federal certification is a voluntary program.
Federal certification is usually a good indicator of competence.
Federal charges are felonies.
Federal charges are interstate, kidnapping, drug related crimes and white collar.
Federal charges are pending against three defendants.
Federal charges are pending against two defendants.
Federal charges are pending.
Federal cleanup is ongoing.
Federal cleanups are notoriously slow and inadequate.
Federal code allows for health insurance covered cost to be reduced from taxable income.
Federal code provides for reduction of covered cost as Itemized deduction.
Federal codes exist regarding the display of the flag.
Federal codes require a ladder inspection routine and the tag-out policy for suspected ladders.
Some federal committees contribute to West Virginia candidates.
Federal compliance is maintained.
Federal compliance is mandatory, while state and local compliance is entirely voluntary.
Federal consistency is more than just a procedural dictate.
Federal consistency is the review of federal projects for consistency with state coastal policies.
Federal constitution permits some zoning of sexually oriented businesses.
Every federal contract has an escape clause.
Federal contractors are responsible for accommodating their own workers.
Federal contractors make up one out of every three private employers.
Federal control is a prescription for the destruction of genuine wetlands.
Federal controls are profoundly disruptive for crops like peanuts.
Federal corrections approximates the pay of top states, and has better benefits.
A federal court is a court
Federal court calls for an end of state funds for Kansas City school desegregation.
Federal court enjoins departmental ban on union meeting called to hear views of election candidates.
Federal court holds 'DNA profile' evidence admissible in criminal trial.
Federal court is harder to get into and harder to stay in than state court, for the most part.
Federal court is no place to settle such supposed grievances.
Federal court is one of the last hopes for the horses.
Federal court limits scope of questions asked fire and police applicants in Houston.
Federal court refuses to stop manual recounts.
Federal court restrains termination of officer who married another police employee.
Federal court rules tutorial.
Federal court sets limitations upon placement of prisoner in administrative detention.
Federal court upholds a Georgia police dept.
Federal court upholds prison policy limiting the buying and selling of property between inmates.
Federal courts are among the most vulnerable security risks of any facilities in the nation.
Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction.
Federal courts are courts.
Federal courts are generally more hostile to tobacco claims than state courts.
Federal courts are reluctant to review the work of state and local administrative agencies.
Federal courts are subject to separate accessibility rules.
Federal courts are unlikely to ignore such a great body of prior experience.
Federal courts decide cases involving the U.S. Constitution and federal laws.
Federal courts employ a two-part test to determine whether acts are covered by the exception.
Federal courts follow the American Rule in the absence of fee-shifting congressional legislation.
Federal courts force reporters to turn over outtakes and reveal their sources.
Federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction in cases involving a. patents and copyrights.
Federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Federal courts have jurisdiction over cases involving violations of federal law.
Federal courts have power over only matters established by the Constitution.
Federal courts have two types of jurisdiction original jurisdiction and appellate jurisdiction.
Federal courts hear citizens.
Federal courts hear different types of cases than the state courts.
Federal courts make up most of the sources available, but a few state courts are represented.
Federal courts treat summary judgment as a judgment on the merits.
Federal courts use thebody of product liability law of the state where the case is tried.
Many federal courts bend over backward to defer to disciplinary decisions by school officials.
Most federal courts hear citizens.
All Federal courtrooms have natural light.
Federal coverage includes environment, chemical controls, and hazardous materials transportation.
Federal coverage is piecemeal and uncertain.
Most federal crimes have some connection to the federal government.
Federal curiosity is understandable.
Federal customers become easier to work with.
Federal customers require a longer sales cycle for data warehouses, drawn out by ongoing research.
Federal dams threaten the wild salmon with extinction.
Federal data shows air bag deaths have declined sharply for vehicles made since then.
Federal debt comes in many shapes and sizes.
Federal decisions based on the Bail Reform Act are also consistent with our approach.
Many federal defendants plead guilty and get the surprise of their life pun intended.
A federal deficit is a budget deficit
Federal deficits are last century's news.
A federal department is a government department
Federal departments prepare statements.
All federal departments have planning and evaluation staffs.
Most federal departments prepare statements.
Federal details are delicate and found at the door, windows, and cornice line.
Federal directives ignore local needs.
Federal discovery is usually a self-executing process.
Federal documents are available in paper or microfiche.
Federal documents come in several formats.
Many federal documents are available in sources other than the depository collection.
Many federal documents are available only in CD-ROM format.
Many federal documents are on the web.
Most federal documents come by deposit.
Some federal documents are now available online.
Federal documentation makes a lender more secure in financing the boat.
Federal dollars are also at stake.
Federal dollars are essential in leveraging other support.
Federal dollars are highly leveraged.
Federal dollars are limited, as are options for generating additional revenue from taxpayers.
Federal dollars go directly to LEAs which submit proposals describing the intended use of the funds.
Federal dollars go directly to the classroom.
Federal election is called.
Federal election returns Liberal majority.
Federal elections are about choices.
Federal employees apply their varied skills to the needs and problems their communities face.
Federal employees are eligible for union membership if there is a union at their worksite.
Federal employees are even more vulnerable to abuse by their co-workers.
Federal employees are ineligible.
Federal employees are mentors, tutors, and envelope stuffers.
Federal employees are mentors, tutors, and fundraisers.
Federal employees are mentors, tutors, and fund-raisers.
Federal employees are responsible for making and keeping records of their work.
Federal employees are some of our nation's most highly trained and dedicated employees.
Federal employees are targets for terrorists seeking to strike out at the government.
Federal employees are the people who ensure that our government runs efficiently.
Federal employees are under both programs.
Federal employees are volunteers in schools, churches, hospitals, and hospices.
Federal employees argue that savings projections are overstated and fail to account for quality.
Federal employees can receive additional paid leave to serve as bone-marrow or organ donors.
Federal employees click here for nationwide searches.
Federal employees earn retirement benefits.
Federal employees enjoy the widest selection of health plans in business today.
Federal employees enjoy the widest selection of health plans in the country.
Federal employees evaluate projects submitted by universities for grant funding.
Federal employees have a separate workers' comp system, which is similar to most state plans.
Federal employees make up one percent of the union.
Federal employees obtain no reward for efficiency.
Federal employees receive retention credits based on their performance appraisals.
Federal employees review the applications to verify citizenship and identity.
All federal employees are eligible for membership.
All federal employees are welcome to attend.
All federal employees are welcome.
Every federal employee needs to know the special rules governing the workplace.
Many federal employees are angry, frustrated and confused.
Many federal employees are only dimly aware of the scope of their own agencies.
Many federal employees discover they have a shortfall of retirement income.
Many federal employees find security in the existing work culture.
Most Federal employees are permanent employees.
Most federal employees are younger and healthy.
Most federal employees believe that unethical behavior in their agencies is relatively mild.
Most Federal employees obtain jobs competitively.
Most Federal employees obtain jobs through competitive procedures.
Most Federal employees work hard, and their performance is considered good or even exceptional.
Some federal employees explore opportunity.
Some federal employees serve on societies.
Some Federal employees work out of temporary quarters in a mall complex.
Federal employers use a variety of assessment tools in evaluating applicants and conducting hiring.
Most federal employers offer flexible work schedules.
Federal employment is civilian only.
Federal employment offers a variety of benefits that make working for the government attractive.
All federal employment begins by appointment.
Federal enforcement is inadequate.
Federal enforcement tends to concentrate on major violations or patterns.
Most federal entities are also covered employers.
Federal evolution is also under way in Canada's North.
Federal evolution is also underway in Canada's North.
Federal exam is administered as part of the class.
Federal examiners receive lateral transfers.
Federal executives have to lead change for the benefit of the American people.
Federal facilities are a highly visible sector of the regulated community.
Federal facilities can take measures to prevent spills.
Federal forces have three main objectives in Chechnya.
Many federal forms are available free of charge at the library.
Federal funds are appropriate, and needed, to achieve national goals.
Federal funds are available for bicycle and pedestrian projects.
Federal funds are available for job training and placement for eligible participants.
Federal funds are available for the construction of intermodal connections to reduce risk.
Federal funds are available to help communities meet the cost of sirens.
Federal funds are available to initiate the feasibility study.
Federal funds are available to match State expenditures for medical care.
Federal funds are available to support local community training and exercises.
Federal funds are available without a matching requirement.
Federal funds are cost-shared with state and local funds and help augment state protection needs.
Federal funds are currently available to support the purchase of educational technology.
Federal funds are for eligible programs or uses mandated by the federal government.
Federal funds are more geared to commercial airports.
Federal funds are the greatest source of revenues for air and pipeline safety programs.
Federal funds are the only sources of funding for testing programs and facility maintenance.
Federal funds are tight, hurting public transit.
Federal funds can account for no more than half of project costs.
Federal funds continue to support the core requirements that lead to graduation and commissioning.
Federal funds continue to support the promulgation and biased evaluation of failed programs.
Federal funds deposited in the state treasury become state funds.
Federal funds is the money banks lend each other overnight to meet certain reserve requirements.
Federal funds make up a small part of most school districts' budgets.
Federal funds pay a percentage of the hourly wage, with the employer contributing the balance.
Federal funds pay for bridge repairs.
Federal funds pay for county, city, state, and national roads.
Federal funds provide a limited number of part-time jobs on campus for students who qualify.
Federal funds provide most of the money used in making educational loans.
Federal funds rate A target interest rate for banks borrowing reserves among themselves.
Federal funds rate The interest rate charged to borrow funds in the federal funds market.
Federal funds rate The interest rate that is charged by banks on overnight loans to other banks.
Federal funds represent only a portion of total transportation funding on a state level.
Federal funds sold - The carrying amount approximates fair value.
Federal funds subsidize the school age students' lunch and breakfast, lowering the costs.
Federal funds support the coordination of the project from the state level.
Federal funds support the model used in the birth to three collaborative efforts.
More federal funds are now available to subsidize child care, health insurance and transportation.
Federal funding can also help.
Federal funding gets slimmer each year.
Federal funding goes into the state budget.
Federal funding is a minor part of the local education budget.
Federal funding is also a big issue.
Federal funding is also available on a cost share basis for hazard mitigation measures.
Federal funding is also available on a cost sharing basis for hazard mitigation measures.
Federal funding is also available on a cost-share basis for hazard mitigation measures.
Federal funding is also available on a cost-sharing basis for hazard mitigation measures.
Federal funding is always a critical issue.
Federal funding is based on the population of the state.
Federal funding is based upon the poverty level in the area in which the school district is located.
Federal funding is critical to their survival.
Federal funding is different from foundation or corporate funding.
Federal funding is formula driven.
Federal funding is matched by in-kind and service contributions from each of the local partners.
Federal funding is matched equally by the recipients of the cooperative agreements.
Federal funding is provided in exchange for a state match.
Federal funding is required to successfully implement intercity passenger rail programs.
Federal funding is seen as a battle ground for the next five years.
Federal funding is supplemented through industry grants.
Federal funding means federal control and priorities.
Federal funding provides transportation, lodging and a small stipend.
Federal funding supports tobacco use prevention activities.
Federal funding varies annually, based on a formula related to each state s per capita income.
Federal funding varies annually, based on a formula related to each state's per capita income.
Federal government accepts two-thirds of Expo deficit Berlin.
Federal government appropriates water rights for rivers that cross states.
Federal government backs out.
Federal government bans use of cyclamates artificial sweeteners.
Federal government can play an effective role in education.
Federal government continues to provide major assistance to state environmental protection efforts.
Federal government databases, job searches, etc.
Federal government does tests.
Federal government enjoys full plate of desktop leasing options.
Federal government grants state of California land for Yosemite Valley Park.
Federal government has programs where schools can get their unused computers.
Federal government has services.
Federal government ignores public concern about cutting emissions, figures suggest.
Federal government is a creature of local government.
Federal government is considered the first level.
Federal government is government
Federal government is government.
Federal government is run from Canberra.
Federal government links along with other helpful sites for nonprofit groups.
Federal government lists the Florida panther as endangered.
Federal government monitors population for five years to make sure population is sustained.
Federal government needs to change the corporate income tax applicable to the project.
Federal government needs to demonstrate commitment.
Federal government opens new Web site with information on laws, regulations, cases, etc.
Federal government pays all interest while the student is in school.
Federal government pays college up to approved amount.
Federal government pays interest on the loans as long as the student is enrolled half-time.
Federal government pays interest while borrower is in school.
Federal government pays interest while student is in school.
Federal government plans informational campaign on citizenship Bonn.
Federal government plays roles.
Federal government provides funds.
Federal government regains interest, primarily as environmental issue.
Federal government regulates banking.
Federal government releases a complete online access point for government information.
Federal government releases final review of Oregon child welfare.
Federal government sets goals.
Federal government spends more in Bonn than in Berlin Bonn.
Federal government takes care of national concerns.
Federal government urges a quick investigation.
Federal government wants recycling of batteries to become mandatory Bonn.
Federal government wants to abolish tax breaks Bonn.
Federal government works with industries.
All federal government help desks and call centers are eligible.
Most federal government does tests.
Most federal government has services.
Most federal government plays roles.
Most federal government sets goals.
Most federal government works with industries.
Some federal government hires biologists.
Some federal government hires wildlife biologists.
Some federal government uses science.
Federal grant provides partial subsidy of workshop fee.
Federal grant purchases third County bookmobile.
Federal grant reimburses half of body armor acquisition costs.
Federal grants are a large undertaking, and extremely competitive.
Federal grants are available and some of the mixes are very promising.
Federal grants are increasingly rare and are often victims of last-minute congressional budget cuts.
Federal grants are only available to students pursuing their first undergraduate degree.
Federal grants provide additional revenue.
Federal grants provide budgetary constraints when they can only be spend on particular programs.
Federal grants provide much-needed assistance to farmland protection programs.
Federal grants provide the remaining funds.
Federal grants require that federal dollars supplement local dollars.
Many federal grants depend, at least in part, on the demographic information.
Many federal grants require a state match.
Most federal grants consider foreign travel to be approved if the travel is in the budget.
Most federal grants take two and three submissions for funding.
Federal guideline offer strict requirements concerning eligibility for orphan status.
Federal guidelines allow strip searches for security reasons.
Federal guidelines are four level security as a minimum.
Federal guidelines call for an assessment highly aligned with state content standards.
Federal guidelines contain the maximum interest rates and repayment terms for borrowers.
Federal guidelines describe several groups of people that are considered protected classes.
Federal guidelines encourage establishment of such processes.
Federal guidelines ensure that safeguards remain in place.
Federal guidelines hold the agencies receiving federal money responsible for providing interpreters.
Federal guidelines keep former employees from doing business with their former agency for a year.
Federal guidelines prohibit close-ups of security screening equipment.
Federal guidelines recommend behavior modification as first-line treatment if the patient is able.
Federal guidelines regarding testing and laboratories are in place.
Federal guidelines require that at least two percent of all employers be audited.
Federal guidelines require that inmate medical needs be addressed, particularly when pain exists.
Federal guidelines require that satisfactory progress be monitored at least once a year.
Federal guidelines restrict the hours and conditions of employment for minors.
Federal guidelines show what types of vehicles can never be brought into compliance.
Most federal guidelines indicate the points which can be awarded to each section.
Some federal guidelines apply to crises.
Federal hawks swoop down on citizens all over the nation every day.
Federal help is critical to assure high quality education for health care professionals.
Federal holidays are relatively easy to declare.
Federal holidays are the only paid holidays.
Federal hulls are of three designs.
Federal hyperactivity leads to an expensive dead end.
Federal incorporation allows a company to carry on business across Canada.
Federal information is also available below.
Federal information is the most commonly accessed Internet legal material.
Federal information is the most commonly accessed legal material.
Federal information returns for non-profit organizations and retirement plans.
Federal inmates can also challenge the constitutionality of the sentence imposed.
Federal inmates sit around and do nothing all day.
Federal inspection insures that the blood is collected only from healthy animals.
Federal inspection is shown by a round purple seal.
Federal inspectors are also spot-checking plants that have gone offline.
Federal inspectors conduct retests of all animals in direct contact with a positive animal.
Federal inspectors look for signs of neurological problems associated with mad cow disease.
Federal inspectors use the notification to ensure that safe procedures are followed.
Federal institutions take longer to process requests and are less likely to release information.
Federal insurance attracts broad range of investors.
More federal interference means more of a mess.
Federal interns can choose to arrange their own housing.
Federal interns pay for housing through payroll deduction.
Federal internships are an excellent introduction to the workings of national policy.
Federal intervention seems unlikely.
Federal intrusion is unnecessary.
All federal inventions are available for licensing, unlike most industry inventions.
Federal investigators attempt to find answers to the latest E. coli scare.
Federal investigators believe the missing trio was later killed and dismembered.
Federal investigators believe there was too much hype, and they lost the battle in the public mind.
Federal investigators continue to probe safety conditions at the plant.
Federal investigators examine only the previous two years.
Federal investigators find the charges unfounded.
Federal investigators have yet to apprehend the culprits in that case.
Federal involvement is essential to combat the emergent economic threat.
Federal involvement makes things worse.
Federal jobs are highly competitive.
Federal jobs are important to the state s economy.
Most federal jobs have very specific qualifications and application instructions.
Federal judge criticizes the large volume of petty disciplinary claims that clog the federal courts.
Federal judge delineates reasoning behind factors in granting attorney's fee awards.
Federal judge recommends secret tapes be thrown out.
Federal judge refuses to dismiss a discrim.
Federal judge refuses to stop Florida manual vote recounts .
Federal judge rejects union's suit.
Federal judge resigns in protest over mandatory sentences.
Federal judge stays implementation of restructuring indefinitely.
Federal judges are another matter.
Federal judges are confused, too.
Federal judges are lifetime appointees, unlike many state judges, who have to run for office.
Federal judges are part of a different system.
Federal judges are remarkably inconsistent in their reading of mental disability.
Federal judges are the best and most qualified judges in the country.
Federal judges are very reluctant to take such a step.
Federal judges are, with a few exceptions, unable to depart from the sentencing guidelines.
Federal judges can inflict great trauma with improper decisions.
Federal judges can set aside or overturn state courts to preserve constitutional rights.
Federal judges decide many of the most important and difficult issues our society faces.
Federal judges file their disclosure reports only in Washington, under the current system.
Federal judges post judicial clerkship vacancies.
Federal judges say the map creates more districts for minorities to comprise a majority of voters.
Federal judges seek to expand federal power.
Federal judges start looking today at a Virginia's only black-majority Congressional district.
Federal judges take an oath to uphold the Constitution.
All federal judges appointed under Article III of the Constitution are eligible for nomination.
Every federal judge takes a solemn oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution.
Every federal judge takes an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States.
Most federal judges hate delay, but they hate petty bickering between the litigants even more.
Some federal judges are dubious.
Federal jurisdiction allows federal authorities to assist the states in bringing their own case.
Federal jurisdiction arises under antitrust laws.
Federal jurisdiction is appropriate because the work is copyrighted or for other reasons.
Federal jurisdiction is based on diversity of citizenship.
Federal jurisdiction is defined under accepted principles of international law.
Federal jurisdiction is less clear over other bugs now being developed.
Federal jurisdiction remains until the stolen vehicle is recovered.
Federal labs are ready to help.
Federal land is all there is.
Federal land is another ticklish place to detect.
Federal land is located on Hungry Jack Lake .
Federal land is their property.
Federal lands are less likely to restrict nudity fetish pic post.
Federal lands are no longer available to private citizens as in years past.
Federal lands are political lands and heavy subsidies the norm.
Federal lands are simply the easiest first step to conquer toward the ultimate goal.
Federal lands are the source of most surface water supplies nationally.
Federal lands comprise nearly one-third of Montana.
Federal lands surround the site on all sides.
Some federal lands have low habitat value.
Federal law affects every company.
Federal law affects NPs by what it says.
Federal law allows a tax deduction for mortgage interest.
Federal law allows absentee ballots for military personnel to be mailed postage free.
Federal law allows an employer to provide, as a non-taxable benefit, health insurance for a spouse.
Federal law allows banks to have tougher availability policies for new customers.
Federal law allows business or consumers to consider unordered merchandise as gifts.
Federal law allows California to provide children a year of eligibility with federal matching funds.
Federal law allows capital punishment for the murder of a witness.
Federal law allows certain claims to be made on the labels of food and dietary supplements.
Federal law allows each student in the cohort to be counted in only one of the categories below.
Federal law allows employers to review consumer credit reports.
Federal law allows federal prosecutors to try cases in state courts in certain circumstances.
Federal law allows for advisory panels in cases in which the government is being sued.
Federal law allows for seizure of the vessel involved in the violations.
Federal law allows for such interceptions.
Federal law allows for the possession and importation of hemp fiber and products.
Federal law allows landlords and employers to consider bankruptcy.
Federal law allows local authorities to decide whether to participate in daylight-saving time.
Federal law allows more time to file.
Federal law allows only one change in a calendar year for optional retirement plan deductions.
Federal law allows release of certain information referred to as directory information.
Federal law allows research using controlled substances, with heavy regulation.
Federal law allows states to adopt and enforce their own emissions standards.
Federal law allows the Macon broadcasters to block the Atlanta stations.
Federal law allows the prescription cap to be set by the insurer.
Federal law appears to permit the military to discriminate based on sexual orientation.
Federal law applies to all federal and Indian lands.
Federal law applies to spouses who are seeking a divorce, and is the same throughout Canada.
Federal law applies unless otherwise clearly indicated.
Federal law applies unless otherwise indicated.
Federal law bans flammable products intended for use by children.
Federal law bans smoking in public places.
Federal law bars felons from owning guns.
Federal law bars military officers from civilian law enforcement.
Federal law bars people under restraining orders from buying guns.
Federal law bars such subterfuges.
Federal law bars the buying and selling of human organs and tissues.
Federal law bars the military from active participation in civilian law enforcement operations.
Federal law bars the use of federal funds for human embryo research.
Federal law bars union officials from using union money for their campaigns.
Federal law carries more severe sanctions, however.
Federal law claims.
Federal law contains a similar exemption.
Federal law continues to prohibit the distribution of marijuana at the cannabis clubs.
Federal law controls bankruptcy filings, applicable law and procedures.
Federal law controls the issuance of prejudgment interest awarded on federal claims.
Federal law covers any real property, and federally owned or financed housing.
Federal law cuts in when state laws clash.
Federal law deals with franchises and business opportunities in much the same way.
Federal law defines federal versus state authority over transmission facilities.
Federal law defines the coastline as the line of ordinary low water.
Federal law demands that only the first retrail sale be recorded.
Federal law determines project eligibility.
Federal law determines the minimum protection available to a tenant in rental housing.
Federal law determines the preclusive effect of a prior federal court judgment.
Federal law dictates pension rights of spouses.
Federal law dictates standards for laboratories.
Federal law discriminates against sellers of crack cocaine, who tend to be black.
Federal law does allow the commandments to be posted under certain circumstances.
Federal law does however, recognize gay and lesbian relationships under common law.
Federal law does mandate that American Indian casinos be supervised by a gaming commission.
Federal law does prevent discrimination against certain protected classes.
Federal law does.
Federal law establishes a broad framework for the system.
Federal law establishes equipment efficiency standards.
Federal law establishes rules and customs for when and how to display the flag.
Federal law exempts most managed care companies from state insurance laws.
Federal law exempts self-funded employer plans from state insurance regulation.
Federal law fails to provide any protection to farm animals on the farm.
Federal law forbids both such types of behavior.
Federal law forbids discrimination against people with disabilities in group homes.
Federal law forbids it.
Federal law forbids the illegal possession of and trafficking in controlled substance .
Federal law forbids the payment of contingency fees on government contracts.
Federal law forbids the selling of marijuana smoking accessories such as water pipes.
Federal law forbids the use of U.S. funds for family-planning programs that are coercive.
Federal law forbids U.S. candidates and parties from accepting foreign money.
Federal law forces cultural diversity on neighborhoods everywhere.
Federal law gives greater protection to students.
Federal law gives homeless providers first priority for federal surplus property.
Federal law gives school districts wide discretion in devising a formula.
Federal law gives students two rights concerning their education records kept by the university.
Federal law governs claims for relief that relate to benefits under the plan.
Federal law governs issues of federal tax lien priority.
Federal law governs only the tax treatment of a conservation easement as a charitable gift.
Federal law governs the construction of contract language concern- ing arbitrability.
Federal law governs the priority of competing liens where a federal tax lien is involved.
Federal law grants similar options to homeless students.
Federal law has a limited impact on transactions for the sale of goods.
Federal law has dominant position here.
Federal law has limited relevance to the issue of standing in municipal land use proceedings.
Federal law has very specific requirements for prompt disclosure and management of inventions.
Federal law helps to describe what the court can do, and how it works.
Federal law imposes a disqualification period if assets are given away.
Federal law imposes work requirements on recipients and requires that benefits be time-limited.
Federal law indicates the criminal background check is intended for individuals.
Federal law is a permissive statute.
Federal law is against it, while a majority of citizens in California have voted for it.
Federal law is ambiguous, and it conflicts with a myriad of state and city laws.
Federal law is an overlay on state law .
Federal law is clear on the issue.
Federal law is different.
Federal law is inadequate.
Federal law is more flexible than the current state law.
Federal law is murky.
Federal law is no different.
Federal law is the reason.
Federal law lets victorious attorneys in such lawsuits recover their fees.
Federal law limits charges for physician services.
Federal law limits contributions for federal elective office.
Federal law limits how many patients a physician can help with the drug at one time.
Federal law limits most adults to five years of benefits in a lifetime.
Federal law limits the amount of back pay to no more than six years.
Federal law limits the amount of TV advertising aimed at children.
Federal law limits the amount of wages that a creditor can seize.
Federal law limits the standard deduction.
Federal law limits the sulfur content of fuels used in on-road vehicles to control air pollution.
Federal law limits the total amount contributed in a given year.
Federal law limits the use of preexisting condition exclusions.
Federal law makes a special immigration visa available.
Federal law makes it a crime for a judge to deliberately leave information off the statements.
Federal law makes it a crime only to file a false affidavit in a civil case.
Federal law makes it a crime to knowingly give a false document to a federal agency.
Federal law makes it illegal to buy and sell human body parts.
Federal law makes path through wildlife refuge tricky.
Federal law makes records of campus crimes and disciplinary actions public.
Federal law mandates academic accommodations.
Federal law mandates continued efforts for equity in vocational training.
Federal law mandates coverage of basic health care services for categories of low-income people.
Federal law mandates flood insurance if the property is located in a flood zone.
Federal law mandates only U.S.-flagged vessels can raise a wreck in U.S. waters.
Federal law mandates radiological safety requirements and controls.
Federal law mandates that a nuclear waste dump be built somewhere in our state.
Federal law mandates that accessible public transportation be available to all.
Federal law mandates that all hazardous materials and chemicals are properly labeled.
Federal law mandates that flight attendants provide safety instructions.
Federal law mandates that graduate tuition is taxable income.
Federal law mandates that no more than three commissioners can be from the same political party.
Federal law mandates that school districts provide assistance to students learning English.
Federal law mandates the public be protected from hazardous products.
Federal law mandates the use of generic names in advertising and on labels and brochures.
Federal law offers no prospect for relief.
Federal law offers volunteers some protection from liability.
Federal law outlines their rights.
Federal law oversees state criminal law and family law in a variety of contexts.
Federal law permits a city to condition the transfer.
Federal law permits a taxpayer to elect out of the ratable inclusion.
Federal law permits an average of one exceedance per summer at a monitor location.
Federal law permits comp time in the week the overtime was worked.
Federal law permits landlords to decline participating in the program.
Federal law permits materials used by transcribers to be mailed without charge.
Federal law permits random testing for some workers in safety-sensitive jobs.
Federal law permits receipt of certain funds only by U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Federal law permits States to adopt less restrictive income-counting rules without a waiver.
Federal law permits states to cover some, none, or all smoking cessation drugs.
Federal law permits such grants tax-free.
Federal law pertaining to condemnation of tribal land is immaterial.
Federal law places a five-year lifetime limit on cash assistance for adults.
Federal law places limits on the credit card holder s liability.
Federal law precludes the posting of grades.
Federal law preempts a Massachusetts statute that penalized companies doing business with Burma.
Federal law preempts almost all contrary law.
Federal law preempts Michigan law.
Federal law preempts state and local laws in regulating controlled substances.
Federal law preempts state law, when federal.
Federal law preempts state software piracy laws.
Federal law preempts state.
Federal law preempts states from excluding national banks.
Federal law prevails over state law when they conflict.
Federal law prevents honoring requests received by telephone, e-mail, or third parties.
Federal law prevents the commercial use of national monuments.
Federal law prohibits a labor union from engaging in a secondary boycott, including picketing.
Federal law prohibits a union candidate from using union money in campaigns.
Federal law prohibits any building on a university campus that is affiliated with religion.
Federal law prohibits any workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Federal law prohibits chain saws, road building and use of motorized vehicles.
Federal law prohibits commerce both of endangered species and of marine mammals.
Federal law prohibits contributions from foreign nationals.
Federal law prohibits contributions in which the real donor's identity is hidden.
Federal law prohibits contributors from being repaid for donations.
Federal law prohibits convicted felons and anyone under such an order from purchasing a firearm.
Federal law prohibits coordination between a political party and interest groups.
Federal law prohibits corporate contributions to federal candidates.
Federal law prohibits corporation donations of funds or resources to a campaign.
Federal law prohibits corporations from making contributions to candidates for federal office.
Federal law prohibits credit card companies from sending unsolicited cards.
Federal law prohibits dealers, repair shops, etc. from disabling air bags.
Federal law prohibits discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, age, disability.
Federal law prohibits discrimination based on race, sex, age, disability, and national origin.
Federal law prohibits discrimination because of physical disabilities.
Federal law prohibits discrimination in admissions on the basis of disability.
Federal law prohibits discrimination in employment.
Federal law prohibits discrimination in housing and the rental market.
Federal law prohibits discrimination in institutions of higher education.
Federal law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or gender.
Federal law prohibits discrimination.
Federal law prohibits disguising donations in the name of others.
Federal law prohibits dispensing without a prescription.
Federal law prohibits dispensing without legal prescription by liscensed physician.
Federal law prohibits dispensing with-out prescription.
Federal law prohibits dispensing without prescription.
Federal law prohibits dumping, and few recycling opportunities exist.
Federal law prohibits eavesdropping.
Federal law prohibits employers from contributing to any union election.
Federal law prohibits employers from using video cameras to monitor union meetings.
Federal law prohibits exchange of child pornography on the Internet.
Federal law prohibits foreign contributions to U.S. candidates.
Federal law prohibits formal listing in such situations.
Federal law prohibits fund-raising solicitations on government property.
Federal law prohibits grades from being given out over the phone or to a third party.
Federal law prohibits harassment of any marine mammal.
Federal law prohibits harming or removing artifacts.
Federal law prohibits hiring illegal immigrants.
Federal law prohibits intercepting any wire communication without a court order.
Federal law prohibits interstate travel of known positive animals.
Federal law prohibits juveniles from possessing handguns.
Federal law prohibits locking young people up for status offenses.
Federal law prohibits management from reneging on formal agreements made at the bargaining table.
Federal law prohibits many forms of discrimination.
Federal law prohibits mining if there's too much dust in the air.
Federal law prohibits minors to view pornographic material of any kind.
Federal law prohibits oil companies from arbitrarily terminating a dealer's lease.
Federal law prohibits operators from taking money for their services.
Federal law prohibits ownership of grenades, machine guns and silencers without federal licensing.
Federal law prohibits patients from being locked up in a nursing home.
Federal law prohibits people from giving someone the leftover medications of another patient.
Federal law prohibits people in federally-funded positions from running for political office.
Federal law prohibits pickets within a certain distance of the clinics.
Federal law prohibits police officers from depriving citizens of their constitutional rights.
Federal law prohibits polluting the sea.
Federal law prohibits possession of a gun by anyone subject to a protection order.
Federal law prohibits pre-admission inquiry about disabilities.
Federal law prohibits private citizens from negotiating with foreign governments.
Federal law prohibits recording an execution.
Federal law prohibits release of personal information to anyone but the individual concerned.
Federal law prohibits removing a working catalytic converter.
Federal law prohibits research on embryos.
Federal law prohibits retaliatory termination.
Federal law prohibits SBDCs from charging for counseling.
Federal law prohibits schools from over-awarding.
Federal law prohibits schools from releasing information on students without their consent.
Federal law prohibits sexual harassment based on sexual orientation.
Federal law prohibits shipping alcoholic beverages by mail within the United States.
Federal law prohibits smoking on a bus.
Federal law prohibits smoking on board and in any aircraft lavatory.
Federal law prohibits soliciting campaign contributions at houses of worship.
Federal law prohibits soliciting campaign funds on federal property.
Federal law prohibits soliciting donors in government offices.
Federal law prohibits specific therapeutic claims.
Federal law prohibits such checks.
Federal law prohibits such events at religious institutions because of their tax exempt status.
Federal law prohibits such projects.
Federal law prohibits taking a name off of voter rolls for five years.
Federal law prohibits taxpayer-funded research involving human embryos.
Federal law prohibits that.
Federal law prohibits the broadcast from being recorded.
Federal law prohibits the collection of any fossil resources.
Federal law prohibits the collection of artifacts or disturbing sites in any way without a permit.
Federal law prohibits the county from doing that.
Federal law prohibits the distribution of mail across the counter of the reception desk.
Federal law prohibits the disturbance and feeding of the deer.
Federal law prohibits the driver's side mirror from being anything other than flat.
Federal law prohibits the employment of unauthorized aliens.
Federal law prohibits the execution of juvenile offenders charged with federal crimes.
Federal law prohibits the government from selling or giving away individual addresses.
Federal law prohibits the hiring or employment of illegal aliens.
Federal law prohibits the import, sale and advertising of eavesdropping equipment for personal use.
Federal law prohibits the importation of Cuban cigars.
Federal law prohibits the intentional recording of oral communications under most circumstances.
Federal law prohibits the killing of migrating birds, even car-eating vultures.
Federal law prohibits the killing of non-game migratory birds.
Federal law prohibits the listing of an area if more than half the residents object.
Federal law prohibits the monitoring of cordless telephone conversations.
Federal law prohibits the regulation of rates in any other tier of service.
Federal law prohibits the release of a transcript without written authorization.
Federal law prohibits the release of grades during a telephone conversation.
Federal law prohibits the release of military doctors records to the public.
Federal law prohibits the release of private information without the student s written consent.
Federal law prohibits the release of transcripts without the signature of the student.
Federal law prohibits the release to any other individual without written consent of the student.
Federal law prohibits the removal or disturbances of any cultural resources on public lands.
Federal law prohibits the return of articles worn against the body for health and sanitary reasons.
Federal law prohibits the sale of human organs.
Federal law prohibits the sale of organs and tissues.
Federal law prohibits the scattering of ashes on federal parks or federal water-ways.
Federal law prohibits the smoking of tampons in the lavatory.
Federal law prohibits the trafficking of anything that disgusting over the Internet.
Federal law prohibits the transmission of certain software into certain foreign nations.
Federal law prohibits the use of code numbers, code names, trade names and initials.
Federal law prohibits the use of government offices for political fund raising.
Federal law prohibits the use of government resources for politics.
Federal law prohibits the use of that money in an election campaign.
Federal law prohibits the use of the Internet for sports betting.
Federal law prohibits threats.
Federal law prohibits trade associations from contributing dues income to federal candidates.
Federal law prohibits U.S. govemment employees from using public office for private gain.
Federal law prohibits U.S. government employees from using public office for private gain.
Federal law prohibits up-front fees for certain types of telemarketing offers, including loans.
Federal law prohibits upfront fees for credit repair.
Federal law prohibits use of government funds for lobbying.
Federal law prohibits use of U.S. tax dollars to fund abortions.
Federal law protects all natural and cultural resources.
Federal law protects all other birds.
Federal law protects credit card users against fraud online and off.
Federal law protects Internet service providers from liability for material posted on Web sites.
Federal law protects it.
Federal law protects nonprofit volunteers .
Federal law protects one from fraudulent credit charges.
Federal law protects residents from discrimination based on method of payment.
Federal law protects the privacy of individuals with disabilities.
Federal law protects the privacy of users of wire and electronic communications.
Federal law protects various forms of authored works from unauthorized copying.
Federal law provides a defense for transporting weapons during interstate travel.
Federal law provides an important tool to combat cyberstalking.
Federal law provides another potential stumbling block for the consumer.
Federal law provides criminal penalties for damaging computer systems.
Federal law provides for easy arrests and prosecutions.
Federal law provides for mandatory sentences for felons who try to buy guns.
Federal law provides for the changing needs and growth of children.
Federal law provides freedom of association for employers and employees.
Federal law provides hiring preference for qualified veterans.
Federal law provides penalties for non-compliance.
Federal law provides protection against fraud in the capital market, with respect to business.
Federal law provides severe criminal and civil penalties for violators.
Federal law provides similar protection.
Federal law provides some additional protections against debt collection agencies.
Federal law provides that all buildings used by the public, have to be accessible to disabled folks.
Federal law puts lawyers' fees and other creditors ahead of the tax liens owed to local governments.
Federal law puts the credit card company in the merchant's shoes.
Federal law recognizes a right of sovereign immunity from suit on behalf of tribal governments.
Federal law recognizes social work as one of the four core mental health professions.
Federal law recognizes the compatibility of subsistence and wilderness values.
Federal law recognizes the independent sovereignty of California's Indian tribes.
Federal law regarding the granting of excuses is very strict.
Federal law regulates minors working in agriculture.
Federal law regulates the confidentiality and accessibility of student records.
Federal law requires a background check for gun sales through licensed gun dealers.
Federal law requires a brand new prescription for most narcotic medications.
Federal law requires a doctor's statement of life expectancy of six months or less.
Federal law requires a jury to decide on imposing the death penalty for federal capital crimes.
Federal law requires a lengthy analysis of such sites, which has only just begun here.
Federal law requires a penalty for early withdrawal.
Federal law requires a rotating system of warnings on cigarette packages and advertising.
Federal law requires a witness testifying under oath to provide truthful answers.
Federal law requires access to technology.
Federal law requires airlines to provide counseling services and other support.
Federal law requires ALL boats to be able to display lights between sunset and sunrise.
Federal law requires all children under seven years old to wear a lifejacket.
Federal law requires all employees to provide positive documentation and proof of residency.
Federal law requires all revenue generated by airports to be spent on airport-related purposes only.
Federal law requires all sex offenders to register with police when they get out of jail.
Federal law requires all states to have such laws.
Federal law requires all states to require claimants to be willing and able to work.
Federal law requires all support to be paid by employees through wage withholding orders.
Federal law requires any monitoring cease once it is clear the call is of a personal nature.
Federal law requires banks to report suspicious activity in any of their accounts.
Federal law requires blowing of whistles at grade crossings.
Federal law requires both forms.
Federal law requires certification by a doctor of medicine or osteopathy.
Federal law requires commercial exterminators to be certified.
Federal law requires companies to notify the government about safety risks.
Federal law requires companies to reasonably accommodate their employees' religions.
Federal law requires congressional approval to allow drilling there.
Federal law requires Congressional districts to be somewhat equal in population.
Federal law requires developers to mitigate any damage that their work causes to aquatic resources.
Federal law requires disclosure of the actual dollar amount.
Federal law requires disclosures of known lead-based paint hazards.
Federal law requires each member of the class to claim amounts over the jurisdictional amount.
Federal law requires each state to enforce the federal weight limits.
Federal law requires each state to have a child support program.
Federal law requires each state to have a protection and advocacy system.
Federal law requires each state to have such a protection and advocacy system.
Federal law requires each state's chief elected official approve the state's housing plan.
Federal law requires employers to withhold a portion of each worker's paycheck.
Federal law requires employers to withhold social security tax from wages paid to an employee.
Federal law requires employment eligibility before hire.
Federal law requires every alternative to be scrutinized.
Federal law requires evidence of identity and employment eligibility upon hire.
Federal law requires food to be chemical free.
Federal law requires food used in the school lunch program to be grown in the United States.
Federal law requires funeral homes to accept our caskets.
Federal law requires funeral homes to provide price lists.
Federal law requires guarantee issue of group plans.
Federal law requires hospitals to care for patients who come to emergency rooms.
Federal law requires identification and eligibility verification prior to employment.
Federal law requires individuals receive certain information before buying, renting or renovating.
Federal law requires interstate truck drivers to be drug free.
Federal law requires it to be affordable, or tied to realistic funding forecasts.
Federal law requires judges to authorize requests to trace calls on demand.
Federal law requires labels with the following language on household hazardous products.
Federal law requires laypersons to use drugs only in the manner listed.
Federal law requires line drawers to create a minority-majority district in the Cleveland area.
Federal law requires loans to be prorated under certain circumstances.
Federal law requires no credentials or training for arbitrators.
Federal law requires nonprofits to provide returns, to anyone who asks, for the past three years.
Federal law requires NPs.
Federal law requires officials try every other measure before tampering with eggs.
Federal law requires one offensive Native American team nickname per sports league.
Federal law requires placement of students in the least restrictive setting possible.
Federal law requires proper documentation of identity and employability at the time of employment.
Federal law requires proper food storage.
Federal law requires proper identification and documentation of employability prior to employment.
Federal law requires public places to allow service dogs, but some employees still seem confused.
Federal law requires reasonable accommodations for the handicapped for mastery of course content.
Federal law requires records for extra-label drug use.
Federal law requires registration of franchises offered to residents of different states.
Federal law requires schools to prepare asbestos management plans.
Federal law requires schools to provide safety information to students.
Federal law requires state and local governments to allow telecoms to dig up streets.
Federal law requires state education agencies to offer parents the opportunity to use mediation.
Federal law requires states to cooperate with each other in child support enforcement.
Federal law requires states to exclude student from school for one year.
Federal law requires states to have an estate recovery program.
Federal law requires states to negotiate agreements with tribes to set rules and limits on gambling.
Federal law requires states to process checks in two business days.
Federal law requires states to use their share of the receipts for public schools and roads.
Federal law requires strict confidentiality for the CAs.
Federal law requires taxation of income.
Federal law requires that a free and public education be provided to all children with disabilities.
Federal law requires that a job application be kept at least three years after a person is hired.
Federal law requires that a written request be made by the student before issuance of a transcript.
Federal law requires that affected communities be included in decisions involving closed bases.
Federal law requires that air pollution be kept within limits.
Federal law requires that Alaska cooperate with other states in handling requests for assistance.
Federal law requires that all asbestos testing be done by an outside contractor.
Federal law requires that all first-time student borrowers receive loan counseling.
Federal law requires that all irradiated foods be labeled as such.
Federal law requires that all new dishwashers have a no-heat drying option.
Federal law requires that all objects imported into the United States show the country of origin.
Federal law requires that an artist be a member of a native American tribe.
Federal law requires that any facility doing mammography follow certain safety guidelines.
Federal law requires that concentrated pesticide be stored in a secured area.
Federal law requires that crime statistics be made available to students and staff.
Federal law requires that eggs be donated to a charitable organization.
Federal law requires that employees who work receive pay.
Federal law requires that engine noise be kept below a certain level.
Federal law requires that every state have a brucellosis program.
Federal law requires that federal building projects be bonded.
Federal law requires that IEPs be drafted at least annually.
Federal law requires that local union officers be elected by secret ballot.
Federal law requires that most gasoline in California contain oxygenates.
Federal law requires that most services be accessible to the disabled.
Federal law requires that nursing homes have individual care plans worked out for each resident.
Federal law requires that one party to a conversation consent to a recording thereof.
Federal law requires that proceeds from the sale of assets of tax-exempt entities go to charity.
Federal law requires that products with hazardous ingredients be labeled.
Federal law requires that retirement funds be managed only for the benefit of workers and retirees.
Federal law requires that schools provide free appropriate education to such students.
Federal law requires that schools strive to provide equal athletic opportunities for men and women.
Federal law requires that sellers provide warranty information before or at the time of sale.
Federal law requires that student loans be disbursed in multiple payments of equal amounts.
Federal law requires that students with disabilities be provided with assistive technology.
Federal law requires that such a policy change apply to everyone in the medically needy group.
Federal law requires that the agency publish a notice about the appeal period in local newspapers.
Federal law requires that the report be made available for inspection by the public.
Federal law requires that the request be signed in writing.
Federal law requires that the spill prevention plan be reviewed and evaluated every three years.
Federal law requires that they be given to all patients or their parents before immunization.
Federal law requires that unemployment compensation monies be held in a trust fund.
Federal law requires that VISs be handed out whenever certain vaccinations are given.
Federal law requires that wholesale power rates be just and reasonable.
Federal law requires the berets to be made in the United States.
Federal law requires the doctor to complete the paperwork.
Federal law requires the government to first attempt an automatic deduction from retired pay.
Federal law requires the health care provider to have an interpreter available.
Federal law requires the merchant marine to adhere to a number of international conventions.
Federal law requires the other insurance pay first.
Federal law requires the public be given the opportunity to comment on the proposed plan.
Federal law requires the registration certificate to be on board whenever the boat is in use.
Federal law requires the state to maintain a list of qualified and trained mediators.
Federal law requires the use of certified interpreters-but only in Spanish.
Federal law requires transcript requests be signed by the student.
Federal law requires transition goals in all IEPs.
Federal law requires trucking outfits and other employers to drug test their commercial drivers.
Federal law requires universities to report crime statistics.
Federal law requires universities to report the incidence of hate crimes on their campuses.
Federal law requires updates every five years.
Federal law requires utilities to monitor and test drinking water and disclose results to consumers.
Federal law requires victims to be notified when behavior involves sexual assault.
Federal law requires wide sidewalks.
Federal law requires Wisconsin to create automatic liens against property for unpaid child support.
Federal law requires, that courts provide access to criminal records.
Federal law restricts a non-profit organization's right to speak freely on political matters.
Federal law restricts foreign banks to no more than eight branches each.
Federal law restricts horse adoptions to four per person per year.
Federal law says Indian casinos can offer any game that's legal anywhere in their state.
Federal law says kids have a right to an appropriate education.
Federal law says much of it already is.
Federal law says no living person can be depicted on a circulating U.S. coin.
Federal law says silence can be used to impeach.
Federal law says so.
Federal law says yes.
Federal law sets liability limits on unauthorized use of credit cards.
Federal law sets out the structure of the judiciary.
Federal law sets the standards for qualifying as an accredited postsecondary institution.
Federal law sides with employees when a company closes down or moves.
Federal law specifies terms and conditions applying to the receipt and use of surplus property.
Federal law specifies that some federal funds be spent only for discrete purposes.
Federal law states that a credit card holder is a valid adult.
Federal law states that self-identification is the preferred method of collecting that information.
Federal law states that the party responsible for contamination is the owner of the property.
Federal law states that the students signature is required to release a transcript.
Federal law stipulates that the education be individually tailored to the child's needs.
Federal law supersedes any contract between employee and employer that violates the law.
Federal law supersedes state law.
Federal law takes precedence in all situations.
Federal law takes precedent in dealing with Indian people.
Federal law treats dietary supplements differently from drugs.
Federal law uses both spellings.
Federal law waives protection of Title II funds to allow enforcement of child support orders.
Federal law works in a similar way.
Federal laws address confidentiality as a part of many other specific programs.
Federal laws allow for fines that remove the financial benefit a company gains from polluting.
Federal laws allow youth to use firearms under direct supervision of a legal gun owner.
Federal laws apply exclusively to some areas of the law, such as bankruptcy.
Federal laws apply.
Federal laws ban domestic intelligence by the military.
Federal laws ban possessing, selling or distributing marijuana.
Federal laws continues to prohibit the distribution of marijuana at the cannabis clubs.
Federal laws didn t address the topic.
Federal laws do cover tribal employees unless tribes are specifically excluded from the statute.
Federal laws ensure that new cars have horns, brakes, and headlights.
Federal laws forbid our staff veterinarians from discussing medication dosages.
Federal laws give workers the right to know about possible asbestos hazards in their workplaces.
Federal laws govern certification.
Federal laws govern the airwaves.
Federal laws govern the draining and filling of wetlands.
Federal laws govern the duplication of copyrighted materials.
Federal laws have some exemptions from registration.
Federal laws impose legal responsibility on polluters.
Federal laws limit the amount PACs can contribute to individual campaigns.
Federal laws limit what employers can ask.
Federal laws mandate minimum safety requirements for various goods and products.
Federal laws mandate programs to meet the educational needs of kids with disabilities.
Federal laws mandate some restrictions on sanctions that can apply to disabled students.
Federal laws permit the interception of tax refunds to enforce child support orders.
Federal laws prohibit any other use of census information.
Federal laws prohibit employers from discriminating against employees on the basis of religion.
Federal laws prohibit mailing unordered merchandise to consumers and then demanding payment.
Federal laws prohibit the dispensing of most drugs today without a prescription.
Federal laws prohibit the import and export of eagle feathers.
Federal laws prohibit the operation of bawdy houses.
Federal laws prohibit the recording of an execution.
Federal laws prohibits movers from carrying flammable or hazardous materials.
Federal laws protect archaeological and historic sites on public lands.
Federal laws protect the privacy of users of wire and electronic communications.
Federal laws provide only limited protection in particular areas.
Federal laws related to solicitation for union membership are extremely complex.
Federal laws relating to minors require confidentiality of records relating to abused children.
Federal laws require schools to provide adaptive technology to students who require it.
Federal laws require that any worker be paid at least the minimum wage per hour of employment.
Federal laws require the rinsing of pesticide containers.
Federal laws require training in the handling of and emergency response to hazardous chemicals.
Federal laws touch even parochial areas of practice.
All federal laws are online.
Many federal laws deal with water quality.
Many federal laws use the word 'Indian' without defining it.
Most federal law is now available through the web.
Most federal laws hold states primarily responsible for federal human service programs.
Some federal laws contain definition.
Some federal laws define marriages.
Some federal laws prohibit use.
Some federal laws require pilots.
Federal lawsuits accuse the university of rejecting white applicants because of their race.
Federal lawsuits can redress unjust readings of the law, as in the civil rights era.
Federal lawsuits putting the country's judicial fairness to the test is the proper recourse.
Federal lawyers have a month to respond.
Federal leaders have to come to some point of consistency.
Federal legislation applies to employees of the federal government and federal corporations.
Federal legislation attempts to ban discrimination against homosexuals.
Federal legislation continues to be challenged a little more frequently than provincial legislation.
Federal legislation governs how colleges and universities supervise student records.
Federal legislation impacts the states.
Federal legislation is also important.
Federal legislation is discussed as if a new idea.
Federal legislation is in jeopardy.
Federal legislation is just one part of the package required to protect and recover species at risk.
Federal legislation is needed to authorize a national historic trail.
Federal legislation is needed to control attachments and the effect of attachments on payments.
Federal legislation is needed to enable states to implement retail competition effectively.
Federal legislation is needed to ensure one set of rules governs the transmission system.
Federal legislation is passed that extends and strengthens the Water Pollution Control Act.
Federal legislation is pending on truth and labeling for latex products.
Federal legislation is pending.
Federal legislation is required for two reasons.
Federal legislation is the only mechanism which can create uniformity amongst the states.
Federal legislation needs to be passed before a user fee can be charged to the taxpayer.
Federal legislation prevents guns from moving between jurisdictions with different laws.
Federal legislation prohibiting genetic discrimination is long overdue.
Federal legislation prohibits cash or paycheck reimbursements when vouchers are available.
Federal legislation prohibits the unlawful possession, use or distribution of alcohol.
Federal legislation protects right to practice forestry.
Federal legislation provides grants to help charters with start-up costs.
Federal legislation provides some funding to qualifying fire organizations on a matching basis.
Federal legislation provides uniformity of standards nationwide.
Federal legislation regarding at-risk populations is weak.
Federal legislation regarding the student records often requires school districts to close meetings.
Federal legislation restricts development of wetlands.
More federal legislation needs to be approved.
Federal limits restrict the annual dose to a radiation worker to a maximum of five rem.
Federal limitations are pending.
Federal list emphasizes agricultural, our emphasis is natural.
Federal loans are also available to many graduate students.
Federal loans are available for eligible U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Federal loans are available to applicants who qualify.
Federal loans are available to U.S. citizens and permanent residents only.
Federal loans are available.
Federal loans are the source of additional financial support.
Federal loans come either in the form of a check or an electronic transfer.
Federal loans have low interest rates and special student repayment schedules.
Federal loans require that a student attend an accredited school.
Federal loans requires at least two disbursements per loan.
Federal mandate lacks sufficient support among blind people.
Federal mandates are inappropriate and dangerous.
Federal mandates are out of our hands.
Federal mandates can apply to either states, local governments, or both.
Federal mandates determine much of California's spending on health and welfare.
Federal mandates require the completion of a historic review process prior to demolition.
Federal mandates shift costs to the state, local districts, and schools.
Federal manuals establish certain program methodologies and standards of work.
Federal maps are accessible through the on-line catalog.
Federal marshals seize church.
Federal matches are acceptable.
Federal mediation is already underway.
Federal mediators are, by definition, experienced labor negotiators and problem solvers.
Federal mediators go far beyond theory.
Federal money is also available for projects that are still in the research and development stage.
Federal money is also available to individuals whose homes or businesses suffered in the quake.
Federal money is available for the corridors.
Federal money is available to pay for projects.
Federal money is drawn into the budget code that earns it.
Federal money is for building construction only.
Federal money is to be used as seed money to bring about a more comprehensive national program.
Federal money is used for many purposes in order to support the arts.
Federal money is used to finance the program's staff and offices.
Federal money is used to support compensatory education programs and staff development.
Federal money makes a difference.
Federal money makes up a large percentage of their funding.
Federal money means less time fund-raising on the local level, say organizers.
Federal money pays for half of all graduate medical education.
Federal money pays for half of graduate medical education.
Federal money pays for such improvements for people with low incomes.
All federal money is distributed based on the census.
All Federal money is to go to victims.
All federal nationals are equal before the law.
Federal neglect continues to put our forests at risk.
Federal negotiators prefer to negotiate rate agreements for multiple years.
Federal negotiators say they only want advice on how best to accomplish the transfer.
Federal networks are the most trouble.
Federal obligations are the amount of federal research funds promised to an institution.
A federal office is a government department
Federal offices are open.
Federal offices can use that, too.
Federal offices get the day off.
Federal officers have no sense of humor.
A federal official is a federal agent
Federal official says change is unlikely.
Federal officials acknowledge problems and point to a panel named to review the constitution.
Federal officials agree that the issues are serious.
Federal officials agree.
Federal officials are agents.
Federal officials are also concerned about the problem.
Federal officials are immune from prosecution and harassment under such ill-founded claims.
Federal officials are interested in how well the planes' horizontal stabilizers are performing.
Federal officials are less than wild about a wine industry plan to change beverage labeling.
Federal officials are unfit stewards for our young people.
Federal officials are unsure how widespread the contamination is.
Federal officials believe the pages have been vandalized by hackers from China.
Federal officials can analyze the situation, and respond to changing emergency conditions.
Federal officials can perhaps expect to be criticized by action in the state legislature.
Federal officials can provide guidance to state coordinators on ways to monitor and increase access.
Federal officials concede logging in national forests costs taxpayers.
Federal officials consider biotech products as safe as conventional counterparts.
Federal officials contend that the federal law defines who is eligible.
Federal officials contend the state's application to acquire the site is improper.
Federal officials continue to criticize implementation of schoolwide programs.
Federal officials counter that their plan poses absolutely no danger to the public.
Federal officials deny that politics was connected to the aid.
Federal officials describe the wolf reintroduction program as a success.
Federal officials disagree.
Federal officials downplay the crackdowns.
Federal officials hope to avoid that.
Federal officials hope to save dams and salmon, both.
Federal officials insist that the council did suspend Sharia law.
Federal officials offer a variety of reasons why contractors remain eligible.
Federal officials overstep bounds of authority.
Federal officials plan to consult with tribal leaders before the next round of tests.
Federal officials question the enforceability.
Federal officials refuse to comment on the investigation.
Federal officials report that credit-repair scams cost consumers millions of dollars each year.
Federal officials respond that the two cases are very different.
Federal officials say a rural doctor shortage is a national problem that's growing.
Federal officials say it is common for planners of light-rail lines to be sued and still move ahead.
Federal officials say many low-income workers do qualify for food stamps.
Federal officials say publicly that retrieving the bodies is their first priority.
Federal officials say someone has to crack down.
Federal officials say that the problem is when the detachable seat is used as a carrier.
Federal officials say the crooks just got lucky.
Federal officials say the health risk is remote.
Federal officials say the release poses no threat to human health.
Federal officials say the rural doctor shortage is a growing national problem.
Federal officials say there is little, if any, health risk from the corn.
Federal officials say they have no intention of backing down.
Federal officials say they intended to reserve the lands as part of the refuge.
Federal officials say they plan raids on other businesses that have hired illegal workers.
Federal officials say they're still unsure how to survey for some of the least-known species.
Federal officials search the plane for a possible bomb.
Federal officials seem open to the proposal, but no decisions have been made.
Federal officials sue, claiming the state has no power to impose conditions on federal projects.
Federal officials think it's a prudent step.
Federal officials think the hackers are from China.
Some federal officials agree.
Some federal officials are concerned about delays in administering the shots on schedule.
Some federal officials decry tribal people who question welfare reform.
Some federal officials reject rules.
Federal opportunities are from government institutes.
Federal opportunities are from governmental institutions.
Most federal orders have three classes of milk products.
Federal oversight is essential to provide legal support for a private self-regulating structure.
Federal ownership accounts for the rest.
Federal ownership includes several large dump sites, guard tower foundations, and the sewer plant.
Federal panel endorses non-animal test for chemical safety.
Federal parliament backs radio and TV draft bill.
Federal participants are responsible for travel costs .
Federal partners continue to provide assistance to several hundred tribes around the country.
Federal partners produce a wide variety of information and statistics that have a spatial component.
All federal patches are special trade .
Federal penalties are considerably more severe than under state law.
Federal permits require the crew to backfill every hole.
Federal phones are exempt.
Federal police handle sensitive crimes related to drugs and smuggling.
Federal policies are particularly damaging to local communities with a weak tax base.
Federal policies are, at present, ambiguous and subject to differing departmental policies.
Federal policies bear some of the responsibility for the shift in balance to foreign-born engineers.
Federal policies remain vital, but by themselves they are insufficient.
Federal policies require that the complainant's identity be held in confidence.
Federal policy dictates higher replacement ratios.
Federal policy governs further eligibility factors.
Federal policy needs to support state policy that contributes in both good and bad economic times.
Federal policy remains valid until it is lawfully superceded or rescinded.
Federal policy requires that priority one and two coal projects be completed first.
Many federal policies affect the lives of the urban poor.
Federal politicians are distant from their voters and less affected by federal decisions.
Federal politicians are to be congratulated on such an achievement.
Federal politicians dodge the issue by claiming the issue is strictly one for the provinces.
Federal positions require a year of graduate level courses in addition to the degree.
Federal power is marketed at the lowest possible rate consistent with sound business principles.
Federal practice provides the focus.
Most federal practice is focused on one subject area or one activity.
Federal practitioners have more to consider.
Federal prison makes no provision for parole.
Federal prisons are full of low-level, nonviolent drug offenders.
Federal prisons hold criminals who have been convicted of violations of federal laws.
Federal prisoners can seek release in a number of ways.
Federal procedures assume that transit districts have eminent domain.
Federal programs address key national education goals.
Federal programs allow producers to restructure or postpone debt on agricultural loans.
Federal programs are small and erratically funded.
Federal programs are the largest source of education loans.
Federal programs can also exacerbate the concentration of the poor.
Federal programs change very little from year to year.
Federal programs establish environmental regulations that drive work to the group.
Federal programs exist to narrow the gender gap in math and science.
Federal programs favor public access points - housing, libraries and schools.
Federal programs have funds allocated to individual schools.
Federal programs invade our privacy.
Federal programs make up the difference.
Federal programs pay for a third of all births.
Federal programs present legislation pertaining to youth violence.
Federal programs provide housing subsides, but currently have waiting lists.
Federal programs providing free and reduced-price meals are also available.
Federal programs require U.S. citizenship or permanent resident status.
Federal programs restrict how much bilingual education money can be spent on English immersion.
Federal programs run by church groups.
Federal programs targeted to particular groups is no longer a viable policy strategy.
Federal programs tend primarily to benefit the middle class and the poor.
Federal programs tend to operate separately from other school operations.
All federal programs are subject to revision of funding or regulation by congressional action.
Every federal program seems to have a different definition.
Many federal programs distribute money based on population.
Many federal programs have minimum population requirements necessary to enact the program.
Many Federal programs limit indirect cost recovery by grantees.
Many federal programs offer funding for technology in schools.
Many federal programs rely on non-federal computers to function.
Many federal programs require separate accountability for fixed assets.
Many federal programs use funding formulas that are based on the decennial census population count.
Federal prohibition remains in place, but some states are moving forward with legalization.
Many federal projects have serious environmental consequences.
Federal properties are tax-exempt.
Federal property is available on a world-wide basis.
Federal property is either subject to exclusive or concurrent federal criminal jurisdiction.
Federal property is only available to eligible donees .
Federal prosecution is limited to specific circumstances and usually to large-volume cases.
Federal prosecution is pending.
Federal prosecutions are much different.
Federal prosecutions cost approximately three times as muchas local prosecution of gun crimes.
Federal prosecutors are also responsible for using the new federal anti-trafficking law.
Federal prosecutors are respected members of a respected profession.
Federal prosecutors disregard the ethics code that is supposed to bind all attorneys.
Federal prosecutors have an administrative duty to investigate probable violations of federal law.
Federal prosecutors have enormous power when they convene a grand jury.
Federal prosecutors have more tools in the law to fight corruption.
Federal prosecutors have the right to press federal charges for any amount of marijuana.
Federal prosecutors have tremendous power when they convene a grand jury.
Federal prosecutors smell fraud here.
Federal prosecutors work around the clock putting criminals behind bars.
Federal protection gives the mark nationwide protection.
Federal protection is also limited.
Federal protection is national.
Many federal publications are available now on the web sites of the federal agency or sponsor.
Many federal publications provide information about state government and demographics.
Federal rate includes both direct federal funds and federal flow-through dollars.
Federal receipts are second only to taxes as a source of state revenue.
Federal recognition acknowledges that the tribe has always been a sovereign nation.
Federal recognition gives the tribe the right to open a casino.
Federal recognition means restoration of tribal lands, rights and responsibilities.
Federal records are government property.
Most Federal records are temporary.
Federal references are also updated.
Federal reforms call on the states and territories to come up with ways to reduce teen pregnancy.
Federal registration can secure benefits beyond the rights acquired by merely using a mark.
Federal registration involves a formal application process and the payment of a filing fee.
Federal registration is necessary to seek penalties under counterfeiting and customs statutes.
Federal registration is superior to state registration.
Federal registration is usually preferable.
Federal registration provides constructive notice of the registrant's rights in the mark.
Federal registration requires a more thorough review.
Federal registrations cover the country.
Federal registrations exist throughout the country.
Federal regulation demands banks have detailed contingency plans.
Federal regulation makes little sense since the gun issues vary widely from rural to city areas.
Federal regulation requires that student records be confidential.
Federal regulations accompany federal dollars.
Federal regulations allow aircraft to fly with only one operating thrust reverser.
Federal regulations allow one part per billion.
Federal regulations allow penalties up to the amount of the back wages and interest.
Federal regulations allow the release of client data only for program purposes.
Federal regulations allow unlimited withdrawals at teller windows and by mail.
Federal regulations appear to tell a different story.
Federal regulations are a bit like blending oil and water.
Federal regulations are a good guide for designing the proposal.
Federal regulations are more restrictive for waterfowl hunting than for dove hunting.
Federal regulations are neither particularly expensive nor difficult to follow.
Federal regulations are often a major challenge to people unfamiliar with the process.
Federal regulations are responsible for enacting privacy standards governing banks.
Federal regulations are separate from city and state.
Federal regulations are specific about what is included in the transition planning process.
Federal regulations are stringent on milk for obvious reasons.
Federal regulations can also affect the activities of state and local governments.
Federal regulations control both the design and construction of all manufactured housing.
Federal regulations control most of the milk prices, experts say.
Federal regulations control the allocation of scarce donated kidneys among prospective recipients.
Federal regulations define only minimal risk.
Federal regulations determine the eligibility criteria.
Federal regulations dictate the provision of services and the living environment.
Federal regulations discourage holding juveniles in adult jails and lockups.
Federal regulations establish limits for contaminants in bottled water.
Federal regulations focus on quality control.
Federal regulations forbid deploying data networks across random geographic lines.
Federal regulations give an absolute right of access to all candidates for any federal office .
Federal regulations give universities responsibility for managing conflicts of interest.
Federal regulations govern deferments.
Federal regulations govern protection.
Federal regulations govern the use and distribution of information concerning students.
Federal regulations govern the use of human subjects in research.
Federal regulations governing financial aid are subject to change.
Federal regulations have a more significant impact on the economy than does the federal budget.
Federal regulations have effects.
Federal regulations have indirect effects.
Federal regulations impose penalties for supplying false withholding information.
Federal regulations impose specific disclosure requirements for tampons.
Federal regulations insure that the funds reach targeted schools.
Federal regulations limit certain transactions for money market accounts.
Federal regulations limit check access to three per month.
Federal regulations limit pre-authorized, electronic or telephone withdrawals to six per month.
Federal regulations limit the number of checks written to no more than three per month.
Federal regulations mandate a written request to authorize the release of student academic records.
Federal regulations mandate minimum standards for public safety within work zone areas.
Federal regulations mandate that first-time students be evaluated by a pro rata refund policy.
Federal regulations mandate that no exceptions be made on the required enrollment status minimum.
Federal regulations mandate the treatment of refund for financial aid recipients.
Federal regulations mandate the treatment of refunds for financial aid recipients.
Federal regulations permit payment of work-study students only for hours actually worked.
Federal regulations permit the direct transfer or rollover of all taxable dollars.
Federal regulations place no quantity limits on any prescriptions.
Federal regulations prevent the release of federal aid resources until verification is complete.
Federal regulations prevent the university from deducting parking permit charges from financial aid.
Federal regulations prohibit actual payment of a loan more than ten days before classes begin.
Federal regulations prohibit advances of financial aid.
Federal regulations prohibit age and gender discrimination in the granting of credit.
Federal regulations prohibit any advances on work-study.
Federal regulations prohibit any recording of the execution.
Federal regulations prohibit compounding of interest on money market certificates.
Federal regulations prohibit disbursing aid earlier.
Federal regulations prohibit financial aid disbursement prior to the beginning of the semester.
Federal regulations prohibit further importation of cuttings or botanical seed.
Federal regulations prohibit matching federal funds with federal funds from other sources.
Federal regulations prohibit moving companies from shipping animals in moving vans.
Federal regulations prohibit payment of honoraria with federal funds.
Federal regulations prohibit private exclusive use of public lands surrounding the lake.
Federal regulations prohibit reimbursement with federal funds for purchase of alcoholic beverages.
Federal regulations prohibit sample receipt from other countries.
Federal regulations prohibit schools and lenders to disburse financial aid all at once.
Federal regulations prohibit showing an individual's name.
Federal regulations prohibit staff from deriving personal gain from government resources.
Federal regulations prohibit the carrying of firearms in national parks.
Federal regulations prohibit the inclusion of ammunition in the same package with a firearm.
Federal regulations prohibit the mailing of cost publications to the general public by penalty mail.
Federal regulations prohibit the payment of dividends in excess of available earnings.
Federal regulations prohibit the sale of foods of minimal nutritional value.
Federal regulations prohibit the use of any recording devices in the hearing.
Federal regulations prohibit the use of firecrackers and bottle rockets in Canada.
Federal regulations prohibit the use of program funds to subsidize adult meals.
Federal regulations prohibits the payment of dividends in excess of available earnings.
Federal regulations protect all archaeological sites and artifacts.
Federal regulations protect circus animals.
Federal regulations provide extra protection for vulnerable subjects in several ways.
Federal regulations provide general guidelines for evaluating wandering.
Federal regulations regarding renovation are quite clear.
Federal regulations regarding wetlands are an overlapping patchwork.
Federal regulations require a complete review of animal research projects every three years.
Federal regulations require a penalty in the event of early withdrawal.
Federal regulations require a separate refund schedule for first-time students.
Federal regulations require a student's tuition to be paid prior to releasing a loan check.
Federal regulations require a substantial tax and interest penalty for early withdrawal.
Federal regulations require all applicants for financial aid to complete a needs analysis.
Federal regulations require all boxes be labeled on the outside with species and quantity.
Federal regulations require apple growers to reduce chemical use.
Federal regulations require borrowers to attend an exit interview.
Federal regulations require borrowers to complete an exit interview.
Federal regulations require certain corrective measures if there is a significant weight loss.
Federal regulations require consistent application of cost policies across all funds.
Federal regulations require detailed reporting expenditures on direct service child care.
Federal regulations require each school division to make a count of immigrant children.
Federal regulations require effort on federal funds to be equal or greater than salary paid.
Federal regulations require funeral directors to give families an itemized price list.
Federal regulations require Independent students to provide parental income information.
Federal regulations require ingredients to be listed in the order of greatest quantity.
Federal regulations require institutions to report minority group student enrollments.
Federal regulations require lenders to disclose all charges.
Federal regulations require loan counseling for students borrowing for the first time.
Federal regulations require maximum time frames for completing degree programs.
Federal regulations require most charter planes to be equipped with cockpit voice recorders.
Federal regulations require old, expired, or leftover medications be disposed by a licensed agency.
Federal regulations require pass-through entities to monitor subrecipients.
Federal regulations require penalties for withdrawals of principal prior to maturity.
Federal regulations require plant owners to inspect and test to find safety problems.
Federal regulations require prior approval from an awarding agency for a variety of project changes.
Federal regulations require proper food storage and prohibit feeding of any park animal.
Federal regulations require random testing of on-duty truck drivers for drug or alcohol abuse.
Federal regulations require rinsing empty pesticide containers at least three times before disposal.
Federal regulations require satisfactory progress standards.
Federal regulations require states to control non-point sources of pollution.
Federal regulations require substantial penalties if funds are withdrawn prior to maturity.
Federal regulations require such safeguards.
Federal regulations require that aid be adjusted if a student s credit load changes.
Federal regulations require that all laser products.
Federal regulations require that all stills be registered and accounted for annually.
Federal regulations require that all traffic be stopped in both directions during rock blasting.
Federal regulations require that all traffic be stopped in both directions during the blasting.
Federal regulations require that ammunition be shipped by ground.
Federal regulations require that boards have at least five members with varying backgrounds.
Federal regulations require that budgets cover only the period of enrollment.
Federal regulations require that certain corrections be made.
Federal regulations require that donors wait at least eight weeks between donations.
Federal regulations require that lenders mail loan funds directly to the school.
Federal regulations require that loan funds be sent in two separate disbursements.
Federal regulations require that passenger tires have tread wear bars.
Federal regulations require that passengers show photo identification to their ticket agent.
Federal regulations require that reports of subject injuries be maintained for at least three years.
Federal regulations require that such institutions measure such progress at least once a year.
Federal regulations require that written, dated, and signed inspection records be maintained.
Federal regulations require the HMFA to verify legal status.
Federal regulations require the loan be paid out in at least two installments.
Federal regulations require the withholding of tax for international students.
Federal regulations require use.
Federal regulations require verification if a student works during a scheduled class time.
Federal regulations restrict carriage on aircraft of items classified as hazardous materials.
Federal regulations restrict partnerships and corporations from having NOW Accounts.
Federal regulations restrict truck size and weight on the interstate system.
Federal regulations specify a charge is applicable to all visits.
Federal regulations specify administrative and fiscal records required to be maintained by schools.
Federal regulations specify standards for grant recipients' financial management systems.
Federal regulations specify what goes into an APR as well as the accuracy of the calculation.
Federal regulations state that certain research is exempt from review.
Federal regulations supersede university regulations concerning preparation of outgoing mail.
Federal regulations vary based on availability.
All federal regulations governing a specific federal program are codified for easy reference.
Any federal regulation demands compliance.
Many federal regulations require permits.
Most federal regulations govern protection.
Most federal regulations have effects.
Most federal regulations have indirect effects.
Most federal regulations require use.
Some federal regulations are inappropriate for adoption by reference.
Some federal regulations require tests.
Federal regulators are likely to approve the merger for several reasons.
Federal regulators are on the hunt for the perps who sent out the bogus release in the first place.
Federal regulators are undermanned.
Federal regulators ask for briefings on Web bugs and other online monitoring gizmos.
Federal regulators continue to chase after smaller and smaller risks.
Federal regulators defer largely to the states.
Federal regulators have yet to approve the transaction.
Federal regulators intend to work closely with institutions that face unusual difficulties.
Federal regulators look at the relevant product market and the geographic marke t in each case.
Federal regulators prepare to rein in the anarchic potential of electronic money.
Federal regulators require banks to inform customers of their efforts to battle the bug.
Federal regulators say the bolts can break, causing the handlebars to fall off.
Federal regulators say the inquiries are necessary.
Federal regulators say there are no indications of problems.
Federal regulators say there is little, if any, health risk with the corn.
Federal regulators say they are monitoring food supplies closely.
Federal regulators say they are on top of the issue.
Federal regulators say thousands of such sales pitches arrive regularly in offices nationwide.
Federal regulators say yes.
Federal regulators tend to lose many, maybe a majority, of the cases that actually make it to court.
Federal reimbursement is paid for all meals served and claimed according to regulations.
Federal reimbursement is provided for both meals and administrative costs.
Federal reimbursement is provided for both the cost of the meals and administration of the program.
Federal report promotes commonplace exercise.
Federal reports says Niagara County has high deaths due to heart, cancer afflictions.
Federal representatives are open minded and appear to be listening to our concerns.
Federal representatives can come when they are home on recess.
Federal requirements appear to permit ocean disposal of secondary effluent under certain conditions.
Federal requirements are minimal and leave most important decisions to grantees.
Federal requirements call for a lengthy scientific study when public recreation is affected.
Federal requirements call for cleaner, reformulated gas to reduce smog.
Federal requirements deal with the sale and importation of hazardous materials.
Federal requirements have to be met for participation in the project.
Federal requirements protect bald eagles and their nests from harm.
Federal requirements provide standards for proper evaluations and placement procedures.
Federal requirements tend to be less stringent than most state regulations.
Federal research helps build stronger roads and bridges.
Federal resources are much easier to find than state ones.
Federal resources are strained.
Federal resources can also help.
Federal resources provide a clear mandate and a comprehensive approach.
Federal response appears to be commensurately low-key.
Federal revenue is earmarked for food service, children with special needs, and grant awards.
Federal revenues represent the smallest source of public education funding.
Most federal revenues come from taxes.
Federal reviewers prepare certification reports to document the results of the review process.
Federal rule applies.
Federal rules allow for some flexibility in shifting control from one entity to another.
Federal rules allow institutions to recover costs at the rates in effect at the time of award.
Federal rules apply beyond state waters.
Federal rules apply.
Federal rules are also stricter than the New York rules.
Federal rules are more complicated.
Federal rules bar such arrangements without a waiver.
Federal rules being federal rules, there are exceptions.
Federal rules exempt military bases from intentional cut-offs.
Federal rules forbid transporting fireworks in passenger carry-on or checked baggage.
Federal rules governing capital gains also apply in South Carolina.
Federal rules intersect state rules at points like permits.
Federal rules obligate the private utilities to buy all the power they make.
Federal rules offer some protection for spouses who are still at home.
Federal rules permit consideration of such a request only under the following two conditions.
Federal rules permit diesel vehicles to emit much more pollution than standard passenger vehicles.
Federal rules prohibit carrying fireworks in either carry on or checked baggage.
Federal rules prohibit the dumping of computers into landfills.
Federal rules prohibit using federal funds to match or cost-share other federal funds .
Federal rules regulate the use of human body parts.
Federal rules relating to separation of different types of income are applicable.
Federal rules require a cost analysis to substantiate the amount charged.
Federal rules require a hearing whenever the plan is changed.
Federal rules require planes to be at least three miles apart in that airspace.
Federal rules require quarterly monitoring.
Federal rules require TEDs in offshore waters to let endangered sea turtles escape from nets.
Federal rules require that all options be considered.
Federal rules say that staff are entitled to half a parking space each.
Federal salaries depend upon the president's salary.
Federal sales are primarily in the wholesale market.
Federal sanctions are similar.
Federal scientists believe each option has a chance of success.
Federal scientists say irrigation farming can pose significant harm to the environment.
Federal scientists say the stocks remain fragile, especially farther offshore.
Federal secrecy hampers the search for safeguards.
Federal sentences are much stiffer.
Federal sites are first, followed by states.
Most federal sites do a pretty good job of linking to other sites.
Federal soldiers confiscate the press.
Federal soldiers continue to taunt people in so-called 'controlled' regions.
Federal spending accounts for only seven percent of all education funds.
Federal spending can become an enemy of such outcomes.
Federal spending continues to grow uncontrollably.
Federal spending is a major contributor to the local economy as well.
Federal spending is a small part of America's total education spending.
Federal spending is comprised of expenditures in various categories.
Federal spending is still too high.
Federal spending is up, state and local expenditures are strong.
Federal spending provides adequate funding for school districts.
Federal stamps are available at post offices and some retail licenses agents.
Federal standard applies to on-road use of diesel fuel.
Federal standards are minimal for each state.
Federal standards define several kinds of chocolate products.
Federal standards derive from research on high exposures in a bomb situation.
Federal standards establish wage and overtime pay requirements for a significant number of workers.
Federal standards limit flammability risks by banning the use of highly flammable fabrics.
Federal standards require formaldehyde emission testing and labeling.
Some federal states have the domestic intelligence agency keep the sect under surveillance.
Federal statistics indicate that one-third of the population have tried the drug.
Federal statistics serve multiple purposes.
Federal statistics show most of middle America is under insured.
Federal statistics show nursing home care in Florida to be better than the national average.
Federal statues require colleges to protect the privacy rights of student records.
Federal statute takes precedence over department regulations.
Federal statutes are also inadequate.
Federal statutes are the highest authority.
Federal statutes governs the reproduction of intellectual property in any medium or format.
Federal statutes grant criminal defendants in federal court the right to appeal.
Federal statutes prevail over state statutes, which prevail over county and city ordinances.
Federal statutes prohibit demonstrations.
Federal statutes prohibit discrimination in employment based on sex.
Federal statutes prohibit federal funds from being used to influence employees about unionization.
Federal statutes prohibit the growth, use or distribution of marijuana for any purpose.
Federal statutes provide certain direct benefits to non-profit organizations.
Federal statutes require confidentiality of information.
Many federal statutes protect workers, the public, and the environment.
Most federal statutes prohibit demonstrations.
Federal studies are very expensive.
Federal studies project the job market to continue to be strong.
Federal studies reveal that, all too often, the violence against American women begins in childhood.
Federal studies show that seniors do a better job of handling food safely than any other age group.
Federal studies show the threat is real.
Federal study links some mild retardation to poverty.
Federal subsidies are available in some buildings to help lower income tenants pay their rent.
Federal subsidies continue unabated to the present day.
Federal subsidies encourage habitat destruction.
Federal subsidies encourage localities to pursue unneeded, counter-productive building projects.
Federal subsidies lead to federal controls because politicians like political power.
Federal subsidies pay the difference directly to the landlord.
Federal supervisors are required to perform a number of administrative duties.
Federal support can only be for a period of three years.
Federal support does help.
Federal support helps advance education reform.
Federal support is also important.
Federal support is also on the decline.
Federal support is essential to the survival of academic research.
Federal support is needed.
Federal support is the foundation used to leverage state, local, university, and viewer support.
Federal support tends to be the most highly competitive funding, subject to rigorous peer review.
Federal surveys show our members are very happy with our plans and service.
Federal surveys show that children get about one third of their daily calories at lunch.
Federal system decentralizes power in U.S. a.
Federal systems are common among large nations where several levels of government are needed.
Federal systems differ from unitary systems.
Most federal systems use the social security number as that key element of information.
Federal tax is added to all orders delivered in Canada.
Federal tax is due on very large estates.
Federal tax is owed on the annual increase in principal.
Federal tax is paid on a sliding scale.
Federal tax is paid on the amount that exceeds the cap.
Every federal tax brings revenue to the government, and every federal program costs money.
Federal taxation is as controversial today as it was in the past.
Federal taxation reduces the corpus of our nation's capital in the following ways.
Federal taxation verifies it.
Federal taxes account for about two-thirds of the total taxes paid by farm sole proprietors.
Federal taxes apply to all income regardless of residency.
Federal taxes are a family issue in many ways.
Federal taxes are at the highest peacetime rate in history.
Federal taxes are at their highest peacetime rate in history.
Federal taxes are based on money income and are progressive, i.e. , the tax rate rises with income.
Federal taxes are currently higher than at any other point in our nation's peacetime history .
Federal taxes are currently higher than at any other point in our nation's peacetime history.
Federal taxes are progressive, despite payroll and excise taxes.
Federal taxes are the highest ever during peacetime.
Federal taxes are the highest they have ever been during peacetime.
Federal taxes are the highest they've ever been in peacetime.
Federal taxes are too high anyway.
Federal taxes subsidize ranchers.
Federal taxpayers deserve better, and so do the nation's youth.
Federal testing confirms asbestos in crayons.
Federal timber is effectively available for the taking.
Federal tort claims.
Federal trademarks are very complicated.
Some federal traineeships are available for full-time matriculated students.
Federal troops enter Natchitoches where they seize the newspaper.
Federal troops gain a beachhead on the South Atlantic coast.
Federal troops occupy the city.
Federal unemployment comes to mind also.
Federal unions are in the same boat facing the same threats in different agencies.
Federal unions feel threatened by widespread outsourcing.
Federal unions have no duty to represent non-members in legal matters.
Federal utilities have a variety of purposes.
Federal warrants are pains in the butt.
Federal workers to jobs.
Many federal workers are simply unaware of the accounting requirement.
Some federal workers do as well or better than their counterparts in private industry.
Federal workforce remains diverse, report says .
Federals enter Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Federals pull back to Cemetery Hill.
Federals seize Charleston.
Federale is headquartered in sleek, modern offices near the Camera.
Federales stroll and snack in waterfront park.
A federalism is ideology
Federalism asks the community what the specific problem is and tailor-makes a solution that works.
Federalism describes the relationship between state, local, and federal government.
Federalism disperses power by creating several layers of government.
Federalism expressly gives states and local governments the ability to raise taxes and spend money.
Federalism has a critical relationship toward the traditional ideologies.
Federalism has roots common with European communism and socialism.
Federalism has very few political supporters.
Federalism is a discussion for another day.
Federalism is a neutral principle.
Federalism is a philosophy, and more than a mere ideology.
Federalism is a product of reason in politics.
Federalism is a safeguard both of individual freedom and of national unity.
Federalism is an agreement between sovereign entities.
Federalism is an idea whose time has gone.
Federalism is an important issue today throughout the world.
Federalism is an important part of the constitutional effort to restrain power.
Federalism is arguably the most important feature of the United States s system of government.
Federalism is both a constitutional idea, as well as a constitutional structure.
Federalism is considered from both legal and operational perspectives.
Federalism is important.
Federalism is intended to defer to the level of government which is protecting individual rights.
Federalism is largely an American invention.
Federalism is more than simple pluralism.
Federalism is one of the most frequently discussed elements of the American policy process.
Federalism is our chief bulwark against federal encroachment on individual liberty.
Federalism is supposed to be a two-way street.
Federalism is the cornerstone of the Canadian state.
Federalism is the distribution of power between a federal government and the states within a union.
Federalism is the division of authority between national and regional governments.
Federalism is the division of sovereignty between the states and the national government.
Federalism is the framework in which the federal, state and local governments co-exist.
Federalism is the only way to properly address Burma s ethnic states.
Federalism is the operational application of the covenant idea.
Federalism is, for instance, a fragmented legal system.
Federalism makes possible a pooling of financial resources and reduction of such disparities.
Federalism mandates that state public policy is entitled to presumptive deference.
Federalism means bringing government closer to the people.
Federalism means decentralised, diverse, democratic.
Federalism provides for powers to be shared by both the national and state governments.
Federalism provides inherent checks and balances between the two governments.
Federalism recognizes the legitimacy of states as political units.
Federalism stands for more democracy.
Federalism tends to produce biased outcomes in policy-making.
Federalist readers understand that commission.
A federation is an organization
Federation Certified belt level testing is an ongoing part of the program.
Federation controls both conventional and hover aircraft.
Federation drops charges.
Federation encourages Jewish awareness of current and local events.
Federation has more to it than bearded men.
Federation is . . .
Federation is a very sensible way of governing a diverse structure.
Federation is also a great way to meet new friends with common interests and new ideas.
Federation is an alliance of free and equal partners.
Federation is an optional feature.
Federation is concerned with crossing both administrative and technological boundaries.
Federation is imminent, and with the centennial anniversary year looming, the theme is timely.
Federation is similarly difficult.
Federation is the place that builds community.
Federation is used to provide that access and preserve the investment in 'legacy' systems.
Federation is very proud of the talented and loyal Kansas City crew.
Federation Offers agricultural related information updated daily.
Federation offers numerous teaching materials in various subject areas on-line.
Federation pays travel and accommodation expenses.
Federation strives to create a sense of community for the Jewish people in south Palm Beach County.
Federations are constitutions.
Federations are organizations.
Federations are professional bodies on world level.
Federations are professional bodies.
Federations can have several peoples.
Federations function through many committees.
Federations help their members stay eligible, promote themselves and collect donations.
Federations now decide how much money to keep at home and how much to allocate for overseas.
All federations face challenges, and, in some cases, a struggle for survival.
Every federation has their good and bad points.
Many Federations organize bringing supplies as a group.
Most federations remain under the stranglehold of mendicant and mediocre leaders.
Some federations even collect fees for each game, which is counted over player's rating.
Some federations wrestle on a tarp.
FedEx charge is minimal.
Fedex charges apply.
FedEx delivery is available upon request at the borrower's expense.
FedEx delivery is available.
FedEx employees support our teachers and students in numerous ways.
Fedex envelopes are in the mail area.
FedEx insiders describe the changes as revolutionary and, to some extent, wrenching.
FedEx packaging is available to meet most shipping needs.
FedEx people stick together in hard times.
Fedex rates are dependent on the service chosen and distance.
FedEx service is available at customer's expense.
FedEx service is available, min.
FedEx service is available.
FedEx shipments require airway bills rather than standard shipping labels.
FedEx Shipping are available at extra cost.
FedEx shipping is available at a slightly higher cost.
FedEx shipping is available at extra cost.
FedEX shipping is available.
FedEx shipping is free to any address, U.S. or international.
Fedex stock goes insane.
FedEx supporters say residents are distorting the potential noise impacts.
FedEx technology focuses on the customer in order to stay ahead of the curve.
FEDI payments guarantee next-day availability.
A fedora is a hat
Fedoras are great for men with age and experience.
Fee payments are due by the program's first session.
Fee payments are due the first day of each month for the previous month's services.
A fee simple is a fee
Fee simple is favored over life estate.
Fee simple is used to describe all of the possible rights in real estate that an owner can acquire.
A fee is charge
FEE collaborates with contractors to provide specialized services in testing and engineering.
FEE includes souvenir bag, bagels, water, fruit, snacks, gatorade, beer.
Fee vary according to hours.
Fees above are for the walk or the race.
Fees accompany the applications.
Fees accumulate until the equipment is returned.
Fees accurately match the value of the service.
Fees aim to cover the running costs of the observatory.
Fees allow entrance for a week.
Fees also cover cultural trips around the city.
Fees also cover the cost of housing and food for any personal service assistants that are needed.
Fees also cover the cost of renting and purchasing the books used in the summer courses.
Fees also cover the cost of the midday meal for commuters.
Fees also cover the pre-camp conference.
Fees also cover the two-way cartage of the boxes.
Fees also cover the welcome reception, refreshment breaks, and a farewell banquet.
Fees also cover the welcome reception, refreshment breaks, and banquets.
Fees also differ.
Fees also support campus recreation programs and facilities.
Fees also vary depending on type of activity.
Fees also vary dramatically with no standard level.
Fees also vary.
Fees appear in the turn reports.
Fees applies to new accounts as well as upgrades and downgrades between plans.
Fees apply - click here to see our current fees and charges .
Fees apply all three days.
Fees apply and can be paid at the beginning of each unit of study or on a time-payment method.
Fees apply at all other participating university libraries.
Fees apply for both transport and parking.
Fees apply for business installation.
Fees apply for delivery.
Fees apply for direct user services and for classes.
Fees apply for direct web page links.
Fees apply for in-depth research.
Fees apply for international students - details are available here .
Fees apply for late submission.
Fees apply for more than basic services.
Fees apply for most copies and research services.
Fees apply for overseas students only.
Fees apply for resident and non-resident.
Fees apply for the annual event, in addition to a regular trail fee.
Fees apply for the organist and use of the parish halls, if applicable.
Fees apply for the searcg of certain databases.
Fees apply for university and college courses only.
Fees apply for use of indoor facilities.
Fees apply in both cases.
Fees apply in most cases, although some are available gratis.
Fees apply Medical ultrasound is an increasingly important part of modern medical imaging.
Fees apply on every order.
Fees apply only as products are being shipped.
Fees apply only if a full record is accessed or certificate is printed.
Fees apply only if full record is accessed or certificate is printed.
Fees apply only if the police are dispatched to the alarm location and the alarm signal is false.
Fees apply only to the number of persons actually taking the stretch.
Fees apply regardless of search outcomes.
Fees apply to additional listing information.
Fees apply to all categories of patrons.
Fees apply to all classes except community services.
Fees apply to all of the above.
Fees apply to all other patrons.
Fees apply to all three courses.
Fees apply to both children and adults.
Fees apply to consumers and sole proprietors only.
Fees apply to current semester only.
Fees apply to late lodgements.
Fees apply to nonresident students.
Fees apply to primary vehicles only.
Fees apply to private and public sector proponents.
Fees apply to some areas.
Fees apply to some services.
Fees apply to standard size bags and overweight size fees apply.
Fees apply to the use of camping facilities.
Fees apply to U.S. and Canadian customers only and are subject to change without notice.
Fees apply to undergraduate and graduate students.
Fees apply, and bookings are necessary.
Fees apply, and bookings are required.
Fees apply, but it is an important addition to any web site.
Fees are a bad word.
Fees are a bit high, but probably worth it.
Fees are a charge for some services performed by the landlord.
Fees are a combination of hourly and flat rate.
Fees are a complicated topic.
Fees are a direct tax for use.
Fees are a factor of the coupon, size of order, maturity date, and other features of each issue.
Fees are a financial foundation but membership is what is recognized at the bargaining table.
Fees are a function of standard billing rates plus any related costs.
Fees are a function of the exact content and functionality designed into the web site.
Fees are a jungle that few people understand.
Fees are a little low.
Fees are a little steep but the prizes are good.
Fees are a mandatory part of the filing.
Fees are a matter of state law and vary state by state.
Fees are a means of increasing university funding.
Fees are a one-time purchase.
Fees are a percentage of the annual base salary.
Fees are a percentage of the recovery dependent on the stage at which a case is resolved.
Fees are a personal decision and often cross into philosophical bounds.
Fees are a sensitive issue with fund managers.
Fees are a special case.
Fees are according to league offices.
Fees are according to the age of the child.
Fees are adjustible to each libraries abilities to pay.
Fees are affordable and most insurances are accepted.
Fees are affordable and scholarships are available.
Fees are affordable and vary according to date, location and needs.
Fees are affordable to everybody.
Fees are affordable.
Fees are aligned with unit duration, that is on a semester basis.
Fees are all inclusive with a buffet lunch.
Fees are all over the place, so it's tempting to just guess.
Fees are all to be paid in advance.
Fees are all-inclusive.
Fees are also a consideration.
Fees are also miss-quoted for our area.
Fees are also subject to change.
Fees are always employer-paid.
Fees are among the most reasonable in the industry.
Fees are an issue everywhere.
Fees are an issue.
Fees are annual and include helpdesk support.
Fees are annual unless stated otherwise.
Fees are annuals.
Fees are another consideration.
Fees are another issue.
Fees are applicable to commercial applicants only.
Fees are applicable to most services.
Fees are applicable.
Fees are approx.
Fees are approximate and subject to change.
Fees are approximate.
Fees are as follows prior to departure date.
Fees are as follows.
Fees are as listed below.
Fees are as listed.
Fees are as low as possible and are adjusted to family income.
Fees are as posted.
Fees are as shown below.
Fees are as stated above and are per person.
Fees are as stated above.
Fees are as stated on individual course pages.
Fees are as stated on the application form.
Fees are at a reasonable rate with family reductions for more than one pupil from the same family.
Fees are available as a percentage or on an hourly basis.
Fees are available on request and many services are reimbursable through insurance.
Fees are available on request.
Fees are available upon request after review of the application.
Fees are available upon request.
Fees are based on a sliding fee scale and many volunteer opportunities are available.
Fees are beer and cigarette money .
Fees are burdensome.
Fees are by donation.
Fees are by negotiation, depending on the nature of the assignment.
Fees are by school year.
Fees are by search and are set forth below.
Fees are calculated on an hourly basis, it says.
Fees are charged for programs and pre-registration is required.
Fees are charged for programs and preregistration is required.
Fees are charged for some items and a vehicle permit is required to gain entry to the facility.
Fees are charged for the purchase and rental of photographic images.
Fees are charges for certain services.
Fees are charges for non-health related sampling.
Fees are charges to use the library.
Fees are clearly an issue for most responders.
Fees are commensurate with costs and vary from application to application.
Fees are commensurate with the level of service the chamber provides.
Fees are comparable between contingency and retained search firms.
Fees are comparable to other magazines in the history field.
Fees are comparable to other private practices.
Fees are competitive and are set only to recoup administrative costs.
Fees are competitive and closely tailored to the scope of services required.
Fees are competitive and compare favourably with equivalent provision in the public sector.
Fees are competitive and depend on usage, time involved, level of difficulty and type of project.
Fees are competitive and scaled according to ability to pay.
Fees are competitive and terms are flexible.
Fees are competitive but allow the company a healthy profit margin.
Fees are competitive but vary widely.
Fees are competitive with industry norms.
Fees are competitive with local fees for medical expert witnesses, and are available upon request.
Fees are competitive with most other medical facilities.
Fees are competitive, comparing favourably with similar provision in the public sector.
Fees are competitive.
Fees are conditional on project complexity and length.
Fees are contingent .
Fees are contingent on each client's specific and individualized plan of care.
Fees are contingent on successful placement.
Fees are contingent upon realizing actual tax savings.
Fees are correct as at the time of printing.
Fees are currently under review and subject to change.
Fees are currently under review.
Fees are customarily due on the entry date.
Fees are definitely worthwhile.
Fees are dependant on the duration of research.
Fees are dependent on season and scale of production.
Fees are dependent on the nature of service performed.
Fees are dependent on the number of simultaneous users needed.
Fees are dependent upon level of service.
Fees are dependent upon size of yacht, mileage or length of trip.
Fees are dependent upon the country and number of services requested.
Fees are dependent upon the levels of time-stress reduction or performance improvement realized.
Fees are dependent upon the student s age and the size of the clss.
Fees are determined according to annual household income.
Fees are determined according to experience and assignment.
Fees are determined according to the client's ability to pay.
Fees are determined according to workshop length.
Fees are determines on an hourly basis that applies to set-up, analysis and reporting activities.
Fees are different for each institution.
Fees are different for non-residents and residents.
Fees are different from regualr programs and are available upon request.
Fees are different from regular programs and are available upon request.
Fees are double for off-campus use.
Fees are double taxation.
Fees are down.
Fees are due according to the payment and process schedule .
Fees are due after notice of acceptance is received at time of registration.
Fees are due after registration.
Fees are due and payablc at each session.
Fees are due and payable at the commencement of the sponsorship.
Fees are due and payable at the end of each session.
Fees are due and payable at the time of application.
Fees are due and payable at the time of registration .
Fees are due and payable at the time of registration.
Fees are due and payable at the time of service.
Fees are due and payable at the time of treatment.
Fees are due and payable by the first day of classes.
Fees are due and payable during each academic term.
Fees are due and payable in advance.
Fees are due and payable in full at the time of registration.
Fees are due and payable in full before the start of classes.
Fees are due and payable on the date of registration.
Fees are due and payable on the dates specified for registration.
Fees are due and payable prior to the program date.
Fees are due and payable prior to the student's entering the first scheduled class.
Fees are due and payable several weeks prior to the first class session of each course.
Fees are due and payable the first of each month.
Fees are due and payable twice a year.
Fees are due and payable upon billing.
Fees are due and payable within the first two weeks of each semester.
Fees are due at or prior to completion of the work.
Fees are due at registration.
Fees are due at the beginning of each term.
Fees are due at the beginning of the hosting term.
Fees are due at the end of the second week of classes.
Fees are due at the first class session.
Fees are due at the first of the quarter.
Fees are due at the start of each session.
Fees are due at the time of enrollment.
Fees are due at the time of registration .
Fees are due at the time of registration and are nonrefundable unless the workshop is canceled.
Fees are due at the time of registration.
Fees are due at the time of treatment.
Fees are due at the time that transcripts are ordered.
Fees are due at the time the application submitted.
Fees are due at time of application.
Fees are due at time of registration.
Fees are due at time of the request.
Fees are due before the first day of class.
Fees are due before the training starts.
Fees are due by the fifth day of the term, unless the student is granted a payment deferment.
Fees are due by the first of each month.
Fees are due by the published deadlines listed in the quarterly class calendar .
Fees are due by the student's first lesson.
Fees are due each month.
Fees are due first night of class.
Fees are due immediately upon receipt of the bill.
Fees are due in advance and include greens fees, shared cart, boxed lunch, tax and gratuity.
Fees are due in advance and include lectures, dinners and all reading materials.
Fees are due in advance of the period for which service is provided, and are non-refundable.
Fees are due in advance.
Fees are due in full at the time of late registration.
Fees are due in full at time of registration.
Fees are due in full before classes begin .
Fees are due in full before classes begin.
Fees are due in full prior to commencement of all Applied programs.
Fees are due in total upon registration, regardless of a conferee's late arrival or early departure.
Fees are due in two installments.
Fees are due irrespective of the level of compliance with relevant permits.
Fees are due just prior to the beginning of the semester.
Fees are due on an annual basis at the beginning of each calendar year.
Fees are due on or before the first day of the course.
Fees are due on the first business day of each month.
Fees are due on the first day of attendance each week.
Fees are due on the first day of every month.
Fees are due on the next monthly billing date for the web site.
Fees are due on the show day.
Fees are due on time.
Fees are due prior to each term.
Fees are due prior to first session.
Fees are due prior to the beginning of each term.
Fees are due quarterly.
Fees are due regardless of whether a statement has been received.
Fees are due the first day of class.
Fees are due the first day of each week.
Fees are due the first day of the month.
Fees are due the first day of the semester.
Fees are due the first of each month.
Fees are due the same day that registration occurs.
Fees are due to the caregiver at the end of the day, payable in cash or by check.
Fees are due two days before class begins.
Fees are due two days prior to class.
Fees are due upon application and one year from the date of issuance of certification.
Fees are due upon arrival at the class.
Fees are due upon confirmation of workshop registration unless a course has an additional fee.
Fees are due upon publication, with subsequent uses subject to additional fees.
Fees are due upon receipt of the mediator's invoice.
Fees are due upon registration in non-credit courses.
Fees are due upon registration.
Fees are due when credits are added.
Fees are due when registering.
Fees are due when service is rendered.
Fees are due within three months.
Fees are effective immediately.
Fees are either a flat rate or, more typically, a percentage of the job's salary.
Fees are even lower for students attending for more than one semester.
Fees are expensive.
Fees are extremely competitive and are dependent upon duration, location and number of participants.
Fees are extremely competitive and the standard very high.
Fees are five dollars per copy.
Fees are fixed-rate, per transaction to providers.
Fees are flexible but dependent upon the circumstances.
Fees are flexible, calculated on either a fixed fee or an hourly rate.
Fees are for a non dial-up hosting site.
Fees are for a one month period.
Fees are for a single edition.
Fees are for access only.
Fees are for catalogue images only.
Fees are for each day .
Fees are for filling out the relevant forms and handling applicable charges.
Fees are for meals and lodging only.
Fees are for one year.
Fees are for persons with some Hollywood feature credits.
Fees are for PSU investigators.
Fees are for psychologists unless otherwise indicated.
Fees are for reservations only.
Fees are for seminar only.
Fees are for services and tuition is for instruction.
Fees are for services rendered and are non-refundable.
Fees are for single lectures, unless otherwise indicated.
Fees are for site creation only.
Fees are for stated services only. .
Fees are for stated services only.
Fees are for Statewide listings.
Fees are for the service of arrangement and transcriptions only.
Fees are for tuition only.
Fees are free to minimal with a recreation pass.
Fees are free.
Fees are fully refundable for cancellations received more than two weeks before a workshop date.
Fees are fully returnable in the unlikely event that a course has to be cancelled.
Fees are fully returnable in the unlikely event that our course has to be cancelled.
Fees are generally a function of the time required to complete the engagement.
Fees are generally an hourly rate plus a percentage of the money raised.
Fees are generally considerably lower than private dentists.
Fees are generally lower for workshops in Omaha proper and in the immediate Omaha vicinity.
Fees are generally lower in cost than a semester at a private college in the United States.
Fees are generally on Success Only Basis .
Fees are generally quite reasonable and hypnotherapists tend to be pleasant and caring individuals.
Fees are good for one year from the date paid.
Fees are governed by local city halls.
Fees are here .
Fees are high and conditions are poor.
Fees are high and coverage limited.
Fees are high, but there seemed to be few complaints.
Fees are high, generating many complaints from lawyers and citizens.
Fees are high.
Fees are higher for dogs which are unspayed or unneutered.
Fees are higher for nonresidents of the state.
Fees are higher for out of state residents.
Fees are higher for students who wish to take the courses for credit.
Fees are higher here than for the average mutual fund.
Fees are in addition to the basic tour admission stated above.
Fees are in addition to tuition.
Fees are in Australian dollars.
Fees are in Canadian dollars and include materials.
Fees are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise stated.
Fees are in Canadian dollars.
Fees are in the currency of the country the dog is in.
Fees are in the local currency of the course-offering institution unless otherwise stated.
Fees are in the mid range for the region.
Fees are in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
Fees are in U.S. dollars.
Fees are inappropriate where no facilities exist.
Fees are inclusive of a basic buffet breakfast.
Fees are inclusive of all tuition, study material and examination fees.
Fees are inclusive of refreshments, lunch and documentation.
Fees are interest.
Fees are less than current rule.
Fees are less, and are paid by visitors self-serve style with a fee envelope and locked drop box.
Fees are levied and payable on a semester basis.
Fees are liable to change without notice.
Fees are likely to vary from center to center.
Fees are low and workable.
Fees are low compared with most state parks systems.
Fees are low due to state funding based on student enrollment.
Fees are low, and exist only to support the cost of group meetings and educational materials.
Fees are low, and it's easy to join or roll over an existing plan.
Fees are lower at other times.
Fees are lower for commuters.
Fees are lower for older children and wait times are significantly shorter.
Fees are lower in some cases for very large accounts.
Fees are lower in Switzerland than many unregulated European countries.
Fees are lower.
Fees are mandatory and are effective the first day of classes.
Fees are mandatory rates assessed for services.
Fees are material-specific and based on weight.
Fees are minimal and vary based on age and number in party attending.
Fees are minimal because SBAN is a non-profit organization.
Fees are minimal even for non-students.
Fees are minimal, based on the cost of admission and transportation as required.
Fees are minimal.
Fees are moderate and are based on income and number of dependents.
Fees are moderate and on an hourly basis.
Fees are moderate to free.
Fees are moderate.
Fees are modest and include numerous meals and breaks.
Fees are modest and vary depending on circulation.
Fees are modest and, occasionally, free of charge.
Fees are modest.
Fees are monthly and are billed according to required storage space and maintenance requirements.
Fees are monthly and vary by level of class.
Fees are more common with photocopy requests than with books.
Fees are most common with privately owned parks.
Fees are much higher than for mutual funds .
Fees are much lower on systems with more people.
Fees are much smaller in large volume accounts.
Fees are necessary for all workshops to cover the expenses of our trainers.
Fees are necessary for costs of gym rental and referees.
Fees are necessary for maintenance and upkeep of the facilities.
Fees are necessary to participate.
Fees are neg. for everyone.
Fees are neg.
Fees are negotiable and affordable.
Fees are negotiable and are determined by each individual project's requirements.
Fees are negotiable and based on the nature of the request.
Fees are negotiable and take into consideration the matter and instructions .
Fees are negotiable as appropriate.
Fees are negotiable based on ability to pay.
Fees are negotiable based on experience.
Fees are negotiable based upon ability to pay.
Fees are negotiable based upon our client's requirements.
Fees are negotiable based upon the level of service and funds under management.
Fees are negotiable but always astonishingly reasonable.
Fees are negotiable depending on the project and time frame.
Fees are negotiable depending upon the nature of the event, distance etc.
Fees are negotiable for concert, demonstrations, lectures and other activities.
Fees are negotiable for existing clients.
Fees are negotiable for non-profit organizations.
Fees are negotiable for productions.
Fees are negotiable for specially designed graphics.
Fees are negotiable on a one time or perdiem basis.
Fees are negotiable on a 'per-booking' basis.
Fees are negotiable on an individual basis.
Fees are negotiable with the individual speakers based on the time and travel involved.
Fees are negotiable, based on time, travel distance and benefits such as meals.
Fees are negotiable, depending on location, time and the estimated number in attendance.
Fees are negotiable, depending on requirements and travel time.
Fees are negotiable, on a per-article basis.
Fees are negotiable, payments after being published.
Fees are negotiable, scheduling flexible.
Fees are negotiable.
Fees are negotiated prior to publication and payment is made upon publication.
Fees are negotioable.
Fees are neither refundable nor transferable.
Fees are neither refundable or reducible unless the changes are due to course cancellations.
Fees are never a function of the values assigned.
Fees are nominal and can be negotiated to fit available resources.
Fees are nominal and grants are available.
Fees are nominal and season's passes are available.
Fees are nominal, and scholarships are available.
Fees are nominal.
Fees are non refundable.
Fees are non transferable or refundable.
Fees are non-negotiable.
Fees are non-refundable .
Fees are nonrefundable after class assignment.
Fees are non-refundable after the above date.
Fees are non-refundable after the program has begun.
Fees are non-refundable after the second week of classes.
Fees are non-refundable and are due at the time of reservation.
Fees are nonrefundable and are subject to change without prior notice.
Fees are non-refundable and are to be paid at time of application.
Fees are non-refundable and include tuition for eight courses, texts and lab access.
Fees are nonrefundable and nontransferable once a course begins.
Fees are non-refundable and payable in Canadian funds.
Fees are non-refundable and subject to change without notice.
Fees are non-refundable and valid for one specific event only.
Fees are non-refundable except in exceptional circumstances.
Fees are nonrefundable except when a course is cancelled by the college.
Fees are non-refundable for black and white print sales.
Fees are non-refundable for cancellations made after resumes are downloaded.
Fees are non-refundable if games are cancelled for any reason.
Fees are non-refundable if games or the tournament are canceled for any reason.
Fees are non-refundable in such cases.
Fees are non-refundable once classes start.
Fees are non-refundable once the course begins.
Fees are nonrefundable once the course has started.
Fees are non-refundable with the exception of a class being cancelled.
Fees are nonrefundable without advance notice.
Fees are non-refundable.
Fees are non-Refundable.
Fees are nonrefundable.
Fees are non-returnable.
Fees are non-transferable.
Fees are normal ways for broker remuneration.
Fees are normally the way to go.
Fees are often dependent on a combination of the notoriety and ability of barristers.
Fees are often higher for funds whose management is more complex than they are for more basic funds.
Fees are often negotiable.
Fees are on a bid basis.
Fees are on a donation basis, and are tax deductible to the client.
Fees are on a per credit hour basis.
Fees are on a per day basis.
Fees are on a per participant basis.
Fees are on a per service basis.
Fees are on a per-person basis.
Fees are on a per-transaction basis.
Fees are on a retainer or contingency basis at the clients choice.
Fees are on a sliding fee scale based on income.
Fees are on a sliding fee scale, with a suggested donation for clients on welfare.
Fees are on a sliding fee scale.
Fees are on a sliding scale based on adjusted gross family income and family size.
Fees are on a sliding scale based on income and family size.
Fees are on a sliding scale based on income.
Fees are on a sliding scale based on individual income.
Fees are on a sliding scale based on the income of the parent.
Fees are on a sliding scale basis.
Fees are on a sliding scale fee established at intake.
Fees are on a sliding scale for some programs such as summer residential camps.
Fees are on a sliding scale for students and are dependent on total family income.
Fees are on a sliding scale in relation to ability to pay and are individually negotiated.
Fees are on a sliding scale that is based on family income and availability of funds.
Fees are on a sliding scale, and many insurance's are accepted.
Fees are on a sliding scale, from free to full-paid, based on income.
Fees are on a sliding scale, Spanish-speaking staff are available, and there is wheelchair access.
Fees are on a sliding scale, with a suggested donation for clients on welfare.
Fees are on a sliding scale, with donations accepted.
Fees are on a sliding scale.
Fees are on a sliding-scale.
Fees are on a yearly basis and are in additional to the fees charged by internic.
Fees are on ability to pay basis.
Fees are on an individual basis.
Fees are on sliding scale based on agency budget.
Fees are on the rise, especially among multistate banks.
Fees are one half of one percent of the value of the work.
Fees are one of the greatest earnings sources for banks right now.
Fees are only for use of the developed campgrounds.
Fees are only one of many problems with managed care companies.
Fees are only one of the barriers to participation.
Fees are only refundable if tournament is cancelled due to weather conditions.
Fees are optional when enrolled in less than seven hours.
Fees are optional.
Fees are pai d by the hiring agencies.
Fees are paid as care is rendered.
Fees are paid, responsibility is transferred, etc.
Fees are payable after acceptance.
Fees are payable after every visit, receipts are made out for payments.
Fees are payable annually in advance or by monthly payroll deductions.
Fees are payable annually in advance.
Fees are payable as directed in the examination announcement.
Fees are payable as stated above and are non-refundable.
Fees are payable as work progresses, and are exclusive of costs.
Fees are payable at commencement and are non-returnable.
Fees are payable at each stage.
Fees are payable at least one week in advance.
Fees are payable at or prior to registration.
Fees are payable at registration or can be spread over the course of the year.
Fees are payable at registration.
Fees are payable at the beginning of each semester.
Fees are payable at the fair.
Fees are payable at the first rehearsal.
Fees are payable at the front desk.
Fees are payable at the start of each term or by fortnightly instalments.
Fees are payable at the time application is made.
Fees are payable at the time children are registered.
Fees are payable at the time of application.
Fees are payable at the time of ordering.
Fees are payable at the time of registration or subscription.
Fees are payable at the time of registration.
Fees are payable at the time of request.
Fees are payable at the time of service unless satisfactory arrangements have been made in advance.
Fees are payable at the time of service.
Fees are payable at time of ad placement.
Fees are payable at time of departure.
Fees are payable at time of registration.
Fees are payable at time of testing.
Fees are payable before lessons begin in each semester.
Fees are payable before registration, at registration, or in installments during the term.
Fees are payable before students can commence the course program.
Fees are payable before the commencement of the course.
Fees are payable by cash or check only.
Fees are payable by cash or check.
Fees are payable by cash, check, money order or credit card.
Fees are payable by cash, check, or money order.
Fees are payable by certified check or money order.
Fees are payable by check in advance.
Fees are payable by check in U.S. dollars.
Fees are payable by check or money order only.
Fees are payable by check to the university of credit .
Fees are payable by check, money order, cash or credit card.
Fees are payable by cheque or money order.
Fees are payable by cheque, credit cards or cash on application.
Fees are payable by company reimbursement or direct parent payment.
Fees are payable by credit card, money order, or check.
Fees are payable by exact cash, check, or money order.
Fees are payable by or on behalf of candidates in advance, normally at the time of entry.
Fees are payable by personal check, money order or cash at the time of registration.
Fees are payable by the department or by the employee.
Fees are payable by the end of the month.
Fees are payable by the first day of each term.
Fees are payable by wire, international money order or bank draft.
Fees are payable directly to university on matriculation.
Fees are payable during periods of compulsory study abroad.
Fees are payable each half-year.
Fees are payable for inspection and search services.
Fees are payable for interment in a memorial vault.
Fees are payable for most immigration department services, except removal procedures.
Fees are payable for preparatory English courses.
Fees are payable hereunder are non-refundable.
Fees are payable in advance - as early as possible to secure a place on the course.
Fees are payable in advance - as early as possible, to secure a place on the course.
Fees are payable in advance .
Fees are payable in advance and are due on the first of each month.
Fees are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
Fees are payable in advance and are nonrefundable.
Fees are payable in advance and include postage.
Fees are payable in advance as part of the registration procedure.
Fees are payable in advance at the beginning of the advertising period.
Fees are payable in advance by cash, check, or credit card.
Fees are payable in advance each semester according to the number of enrolled subjects.
Fees are payable in advance for each semester.
Fees are payable in advance for one year.
Fees are payable in advance in respect of each whole term prior to the commencement of the term.
Fees are payable in advance of the symposium.
Fees are payable in advance on a semester by semester basis.
Fees are payable in advance or at the door.
Fees are payable in advance or can be charged to a campus department.
Fees are payable in advance or upon the registration date.
Fees are payable in advance quarterly, although a one month trial can be requested.
Fees are payable in advance, at the beginning of the academic year.
Fees are payable in advance, on a weekly basis.
Fees are payable in advance.
Fees are payable in Canadian Dollars.
Fees are payable in Canadian funds.
Fees are payable in cash, cashiers check or money order made payable to the clerk of courts.
Fees are payable in full at enrolment or via instalments via the direct debit system.
Fees are payable in full at registration.
Fees are payable in full at the time of enrollment.
Fees are payable in full at the time of enrolment in each subject.
Fees are payable in full at the time of enrolment.
Fees are payable in full at the time of registration at the beginning of each year of study.
Fees are payable in full at the time of Registration at the beginning of each year of study.
Fees are payable in full at the time of registration.
Fees are payable in full no later than the first week of the course.
Fees are payable in full or by the instalment plan.
Fees are payable in full upon registration.
Fees are payable in sterling only.
Fees are payable in Thai Baht.
Fees are payable in three equal instalments, one term in advance.
Fees are payable in U.S. currency only.
Fees are payable in U.S. dollars.
Fees are payable in UK pounds sterling by credit card using a secure server.
Fees are payable monthly in advance.
Fees are payable monthly, based on related time involved and actual work performed.
Fees are payable monthly.
Fees are payable on a five week block.
Fees are payable on a semester basis.
Fees are payable on a yearly basis.
Fees are payable on acceptance of a place.
Fees are payable on application, for each applicant, including children, and are non-refundable.
Fees are payable on application.
Fees are payable on arrival.
Fees are payable on enrollment.
Fees are payable on receipt.
Fees are payable on the dates stated in the letter of confirmation.
Fees are payable on the first day of the intensive.
Fees are payable on the first day of the school year.
Fees are payable on the first of each month thereafter.
Fees are payable one month in advance.
Fees are payable only after a teacher has started work, and are payable for each teacher employed.
Fees are payable on-site by cash or check.
Fees are payable per semester.
Fees are payable prior to consideration of the proposal.
Fees are payable prior to or at Registration.
Fees are payable prior to registration, at registration, or in installments during the term.
Fees are payable separately for each of the seminars and examination.
Fees are payable termly in advance, together with the cost of personal extras for the previous term.
Fees are payable the day of registration.
Fees are payable through payroll deduction.
Fees are payable throughout the year.
Fees are payable to the City of Apache Junction.
Fees are payable to the county as part of the application for the permit or permit renewal.
Fees are payable to the snail mail address.
Fees are payable to the State of Wyoming at the time of filing.
Fees are payable two weeks in advance.
Fees are payable upon applying for a new initiation.
Fees are payable upon contract signing for plan and rate selected.
Fees are payable upon date of hire of candidate and are non-refundable.
Fees are payable upon receipt of our invoice.
Fees are payable upon registration.
Fees are payable upon return of books.
Fees are payable upon satisfactory completion of the assignment.
Fees are payable with a credit card at the time of entry.
Fees are payable with cash, or any major credit card.
Fees are payable yearly in advance.
Fees are payable.
Fees are payble before each session.
Fees are per animal.
Fees are per booth.
Fees are per child.
Fees are per class.
Fees are per document unless otherwise noted.
Fees are per each book listed.
Fees are per item.
Fees are per month.
Fees are per person and are non-refundable.
Fees are per person and due with the registration form.
Fees are per person and include all workshop materials.
Fees are per person and include instruction, lunches, and all golf fees.
Fees are per person and per period.
Fees are per person and vary according to the number of participants in the program.
Fees are per person, double occupancy.
Fees are per person.
Fees are per photograph in addition to processing fee.
Fees are per presentation.
Fees are per sample unless otherwise stated.
Fees are per semester hour.
Fees are per semester.
Fees are per server.
Fees are per session, payable at the time of service.
Fees are per session.
Fees are per team.
Fees are per tutorial.
Fees are per year.
Fees are portal to portal plus expenses.
Fees are proportional to the length and complexity of the site.
Fees are proportional to the requirements of the job.
Fees are pro-rated for children enrolled during the school year.
Fees are pro-rated for registrations part way through the year.
Fees are pro-rated for students taking one to seven credit hours per semester.
Fees are quite favourable when compared to document delivery charges.
Fees are quoted exclusive of added tax.
Fees are razor thin, and they outperform most professional money managers year in and year out.
Fees are realistic and affordable.
Fees are reasonable and a few have reported enormous response.
Fees are reasonable and a sliding scale is available upon request.
Fees are reasonable and affordable.
Fees are reasonable and are offered on a sliding scale.
Fees are reasonable and are payable at the school.
Fees are reasonable and based on a sliding fee scale.
Fees are reasonable and competitive.
Fees are reasonable and depend on the type of presentation or training provided.
Fees are reasonable and locations are convenient.
Fees are reasonable and on a sliding scale.
Fees are reasonable and paid weekly.
Fees are reasonable and references are available upon request.
Fees are reasonable and service is excellent.
Fees are reasonable and sliding scale is available when necessitated.
Fees are reasonable and some courses are free.
Fees are reasonable by commercial standards.
Fees are reasonable for improved sites such as campgrounds, snow parks, and boat ramps.
Fees are reasonable for the services rendered.
Fees are reasonable.
Fees are reduce or waived for families unable to pay.
Fees are refundable in full on one week cancellation notice prior to the first lesson.
Fees are refundable in site credits only.
Fees are refundable only if cancelled at least two weeks before the program begins.
Fees are refundable only up to two weeks before the course commences.
Fees are refundable only within the first week of classes and are nonrefundable thereafter.
Fees are refundable or can be held as a credit for a future workshop.
Fees are relatively inexpensive compared with many other services.
Fees are renewable at the end of each calendar year.
Fees are renewable only when a software upgrade is taken.
Fees are requiered.
Fees are responsibility of employee.
Fees are responsive to people's level of income.
Fees are retaliatory under South Carolina Law.
Fees are same as above.
Fees are seasonal.
Fees are service fees only, in lieu of trading.
Fees are significantly lower than national average.
Fees are similar to assessments in that they generally bear a relationship to benefit received.
Fees are simply another form of taxation.
Fees are sliding scale-there are no income requirements.
Fees are slightly different as well.
Fees are slightly higher for industrial users than for their academic counterparts.
Fees are slightly higher for nonmembers.
Fees are slightly more in major cities.
Fees are small.
Fees are some of the lowest in the industry for private programs.
Fees are sometimes one to two months' rent.
Fees are somewhat negotiable.
Fees are specific to each workshop.
Fees are strictly an agreement between the applicant and the instructor.
Fees are subject to adjustment and court approval.
Fees are subject to annual change based on the inflationary index.
Fees are subject to annual review but are kept as low as possible.
Fees are subject to annual review.
Fees are subject to annual revision and are due in full at matriculation.
Fees are subject to annual revision and are due, in full, at matriculation.
Fees are subject to annual revisions based on inflation and increased institutional expenses.
Fees are subject to applicable value-added taxes.
Fees are subject to change .
Fees are subject to change after the promotional period.
Fees are subject to change and are revised from year to year.
Fees are subject to change and due upon receipt of invoice.
Fees are subject to change and vary by time of year.
Fees are subject to change annually based on legislative changes.
Fees are subject to change annually.
Fees are subject to change at any time and new fees apply on new listings.
Fees are subject to change at any time, and new fees apply on new listings.
Fees are subject to change at any time.
Fees are subject to change at the beginning of any quarter, term or course.
Fees are subject to change at the discretion of the board of trustees.
Fees are subject to change at the end of any semester.
Fees are subject to change based on action taken by the governor and the state legislature.
Fees are subject to change by action of the trustees.
Fees are subject to change by legislative action.
Fees are subject to change by state mandate.
Fees are subject to change by testing agency.
Fees are subject to change depending on current exchange rates.
Fees are subject to change due to current book cost.
Fees are subject to change due to economic factors beyond our control.
Fees are subject to change each fall semester.
Fees are subject to change every calendar year.
Fees are subject to change for subsequent years.
Fees are subject to change from year to year .
Fees are subject to change from year to year.
Fees are subject to change if exam pricing changes.
Fees are subject to change if mouse pricing or ARP husbandry charges increase.
Fees are subject to change if mouse pricing or ARP husbandry rates increase.
Fees are subject to change if necessary.
Fees are subject to change in accordance with the local and international conditions and regulation.
Fees are subject to change in the future.
Fees are subject to change pending yearly state budget approval.
Fees are subject to change per the state legislature.
Fees are subject to change prior to each semester.
Fees are subject to change The on-line schedule is broken into five parts.
Fees are subject to change without additional notice.
Fees are subject to change without advance notice.
Fees are subject to change without further notice.
Fees are subject to change without notice and are subject to any applicable state tax.
Fees are subject to change without notice at both the state and local levels.
Fees are subject to change without notice to waiting list families.
Fees are subject to change without notice, and no personal checks are accepted.
Fees are subject to change without notice.
Fees are Subject to change without notice.
Fees are subject to change without notification.
Fees are subject to change without prior notice to students if mandated by state or college policy.
Fees are subject to change without prior notice whenever conditions make it necessary.
Fees are subject to change without prior notice.
Fees are subject to change without prior notification.
Fees are subject to change without published notice and usually increase on an annual basis.
Fees are subject to change, generally between the spring and fall periods.
Fees are subject to change. .
Fees are subject to change.
Fees are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
Fees are subject to increase due to college policy.
Fees are subject to individual needs.
Fees are subject to negotiation for each manuscript read.
Fees are subject to negotiation.
Fees are subject to periodic review and change.
Fees are subject to rate increases each year.
Fees are subject to requirement.
Fees are subject to review and change.
Fees are subject to review on an annual basis.
Fees are subject to review.
Fees are subject to revision and are due at the time of registration.
Fees are subject to revision annually.
Fees are subject to revision at any time.
Fees are subject to revision by GEG management without notice.
Fees are subject to revision without notice.
Fees are subject to taxes and import duties, where applicable.
Fees are suject to change withouth notice.
Fees are sunject to change without notice.
Fees are tax deductible.
Fees are tentative and subject to minor changes if needed.
Fees are the responsibility of employers.
Fees are the responsibility of the recipient.
Fees are the same as for active faculty and staff members.
Fees are the same as for contestants and sponsors.
Fees are the same as for courses taken for credit.
Fees are the same as for individual counseling.
Fees are the same as for regular degree students.
Fees are the same as for tennis.
Fees are the same as for walk trips.
Fees are the same as last year.
Fees are the same as Ph.D. fees.
Fees are the same as regular decal fees.
Fees are the same as taking the course for credit.
Fees are the same as the limousine service.
Fees are the same as the residential fees outlined above.
Fees are the same as the second option.
Fees are the same as well and are nominal.
Fees are the same as with in-office visits.
Fees are the same for all Boards except Database and Certified Alcohol and Drug Abuse Counselors.
Fees are the same for all specialties.
Fees are the same for all students, regardless of their location.
Fees are the same for all users.
Fees are the same for audit courses as for regular credit courses.
Fees are the same for both residents and nonresidents and are required of all students.
Fees are the same for both residents and non-residents of Indiana.
Fees are the same for Commuter Student Sessions.
Fees are the same for credit or audit.
Fees are the same for participants and auditors.
Fees are the same for receiving international payments.
Fees are the same for Walnut Creek residents and non- residents.
Fees are the same regardless of participation in the commencement exercises.
Fees are the same throughout the year.
Fees are the same.
Fees are the student's responsibility as there is no longer any program fee remission.
Fees are then payable before the beginning of each new semester.
Fees are therefore negotiable and calculated individually.
Fees are time-related and reports tailored to specific requirements.
Fees are to be announced.
Fees are to be determined by the match organizers.
Fees are to be paid at the beginning of the dispute resolution session.
Fees are to be paid at the beginning of the year to which they apply.
Fees are to be paid at the first appointment.
Fees are to be paid at the time of service.
Fees are to be paid before auditing the course and fees are non-refundable.
Fees are to be paid by the host school or by the game management as approved by the school.
Fees are to be paid by the student.
Fees are to be paid in advance and are non-refundable.
Fees are to be paid in advance each term to enable tutors to be paid fortnightly.
Fees are to be paid in advance for the entire season the first week of play.
Fees are to be paid in advance of the first contest in which the athlete participates.
Fees are to be paid in full at time of enrollment or before the first day of camp.
Fees are to be paid in full on the first day of classes.
Fees are to be paid on the day of registration to avoid a late fee.
Fees are to be paid or waivers obtained prior to a student's participation in a sport or activity.
Fees are to be paid prior to receiving services.
Fees are to be paid prior to the conference.
Fees are to be paid three weeks in advance of the particular unit commencing.
Fees are to be paid two weeks in advance.
Fees are to be paid upon receipt of the item.
Fees are to be paid with cash and on a daily basis.
Fees are to be paid with the order.
Fees are to be used only for the purpose of providing public park or recreational facilities.
Fees are to cover disposable costs.
Fees are to cover maintenance of the area, and they have improved the facilities.
Fees are to recover maintenance contract cost.
Fees are totally unpredictable.
Fees are transferable but non-refundable.
Fees are transferable to another individual for the same week of camp within the same unit.
Fees are transferrable.
Fees are U.S. dollars.
Fees are unchanged from the last few seasons.
Fees are under review and subject to change without notice.
Fees are under review.
Fees are unfair to local visitors.
Fees are un-refundable.
Fees are up but justifiably so.
Fees are usually a flat co-payment as listed in the plan book.
Fees are usually low but the benefits are worth the price.
Fees are variable according to the item broken.
Fees are variable according to the make and year of manufacture of the vehicle.
Fees are variable depending on level of care, transfer to other levels, and length of stay.
Fees are variable depending on residency status and number of units.
Fees are variable depending on the specifics of the program.
Fees are variable.
Fees are variant depending upon the service required and time spent.
Fees are varied for CompTIA members and nonmembers.
Fees are very affordable, and financial assistance is available.
Fees are very competitive and determined by the parameters of each project.
Fees are very low.
Fees are very predictable.
Fees are very reasonable, well low compared to west European standards.
Fees are very reasonable.
Fees are volume based.
Fees are weekly.
FEES ARE wrong.
Fees are, of course, negotiable.
Fees assessed are for cost of time and materials only.
Fees assessed by program follow a program refund schedule.
Fees assessed for courses audited are the same as fees of courses taken for credit.
Fees associated with activity classes are the responsibility of the student.
Fees associated with appliance disposal are the responsibility of the requestor.
Fees associated with courses are to be paid by the employee.
Fees associated with each assessment represent the cost of testing materials.
Fees associated with each class reflect the cost of textbooks, tapes, and mannequin rentals.
Fees associated with RRSPs are no longer tax deductible.
Fees assume double occupancy.
Fees based on ability to pay are very common today.
Fees based on quantum meruit constitute an unreasonable cost burden on the system.
Fees based on revenue and charges to the customer are self-adjusting.
Fees Be detailed.
Fees become subject to tax at the time that a bill for services is provided to the client.
Fees begin at the beginning of each month.
Fees Beginning level classes have no fee for dues-paid members.
Fees being paid in Europe for mobile licenses are far from standardized.
Fees below are all cash discount fees and are subject to change.
Fees Call for a customer tailored quote.
Fees Call for current fees.
Fees Call for details.
Fees Call for information.
Fees Call for pricing specifics.
Fees Call for pricing.
Fees Call For Pricing.
Fees Call for the latest Internet services pricing.
Fees Call or email for pricing.
Fees Call or see our web site for pricing.
Fees Call or visit our web site.
Fees can add up and tip the scales back to a decision to keep the old appliance.
Fees can add up if problem persists.
Fees can add up over time.
Fees can add up.
Fees can also be a problem.
Fees can arise when the addition of brokerage costs enter into the mix.
Fees can be a percentage of assets or income.
Fees can be considerably higher than under old system.
Fees can be hefty.
Fees can be high, so it is worthwhile obtaining prospectuses to compare prices and course structure.
Fees can be hourly or by the project.
Fees can be hourly, flat or fixed.
Fees can be more common with transfer on death accounts.
Fees can be refundable, non-refundable, or something in between.
Fees can be relatively very high in some private colleges and universities.
Fees can be slightly higher than for the mainstream version of the trip.
Fees can be the largest drag on mutual fund returns for investors.
Fees can be very high.
Fees can dramatically erode returns over time.
Fees can increase with increasing levels of assistance.
Fees can often seem outrageous and nanny salaries can be very high depending upon experience.
Fees can quickly exceed the amount of a small credit card claim.
Fees can range from a few hundred dollars per month to many thousands.
Fees can range from hundreds to thousands of dollars.
Fees can range from zero to one percent of loan amount.
Fees can reduce account earnings.
Fees can reduce earnings on accounts.
Fees can reduce earnings on the account.
Fees can reduce earnings.
Fees can reduce the earnings on an account.
Fees can vary according to different options chosen.
Fees can vary as to location and season.
Fees can vary dramatically.
Fees can vary due to exchange rates.
Fees can vary somewhat depending on which category a student is in.
Fees can vary widely for each merchant as well as for the merchant banks.
Fees can vary, so shop around.
Fees can vary.
Fees change each year.
Fees change frequently and with little notice, and are considerably higher for expedited processing.
Fees change on a client by client basis.
Fees change without notice so please call ahead to verify fees, availability, and other information.
Fees charged are commensurate with costs.
Fees charged are dependent upon modification to the service.
Fees charged are for studio time, tape stock, office supplies and postage only.
Fees charged are format specific.
Fees charged are generally on a monthly basis or so much per pound of gain.
Fees charged are lower than treatment in the emergency room.
Fees charged are on a contingency basis.
Fees charged are the same regardless of the invention type or complexity.
Fees charged by bankruptcy attorneys vary.
Fees charged by certifying agencies for initial certification and annual renewal vary.
Fees charged by directories selected by the client are the responsibility of the client.
Fees charged by individual money transmitters vary greatly.
Fees charged by organizations are separate.
Fees charged by professional writers vary according to the work involved.
Fees charged by specialist are the responsibility of the student.
Fees charged by the lending library are the responsibility of the borrower.
Fees charged by the specialist are the responsibility of the student.
Fees charged for abortions constitute a large portion of many doctors' incomes.
Fees charged for archive tapes are for studio time, tape stock, office supplies and postage only.
Fees charged for entry visas are subject to the principle of reciprocity with the country concerned.
Fees charged for immunizations vary, depending on ability to pay.
Fees charged for lessons can vary greatly.
Fees charged for seminars are to help offset the cost of materials.
Fees charged for services are non-refundable.
Fees charged for the service are minimal.
Fees charged for weddings vary depending on when and where the wedding takes place.
Fees charged go back into the program's budget and help offset staff and supply costs.
Fees charged on a prepay basis are non-refundable.
Fees charged to students are unchanged.
Fees charged to the organizations are to be determined.
Fees Check our Pricing Plan page for our membership rates.
Fees Check out our pricing guide for most current rates.
Fees Choose a site icon from the map to view a description of the site.
Fees Click on picture to enlarge.
Fees collected are for administrative costs and web usage.
Fees collected are the only source of funding for the program.
Fees combine licenses and implementation.
Fees come into play only when users want to copy or print a document.
Fees Come to our site for complete pricing.
Fees constantly change, so better to check first.
Fees Contact our sales department for availability and pricing.
Fees Contains the fee schedules for most recorder services.
Fees continue their never-ending march skyward.
Fees correspond to the content of the tour.
Fees cover a notebook, other reference materials, visual aids and meals.
Fees cover a period of one year.
Fees cover admission, coffee breaks, and handouts.
Fees cover admission, coffee, breaks, and handouts.
Fees cover all costs associated with the program.
Fees cover all lodging and park charges.
Fees cover all meals, quarters, instruction and activities.
Fees cover all the costs of tuition and study guides.
Fees cover all training materials including text and student practice disk.
Fees cover all tuition, room and board, and recreational expenses.
Fees cover basic laboratory consumables and supplies.
Fees cover basic services.
Fees cover books, photocopies and microform duplicates.
Fees cover both legal and support services.
Fees cover coaches salaries, some team expenses, and administrative costs.
Fees cover continuing education units, instructional materials, and a refreshment break.
Fees cover continuing education units, instructional materials, and refreshment breaks.
Fees cover copy costs, shipping, and handling.
Fees cover cost of luncheon, coffee breaks and all handouts.
Fees cover costs related to search time, reproduction, and mailing.
Fees cover course documentation, lectures, practicals and seminars, plus study and technical trips.
Fees cover course enrollment.
Fees cover course material, online practice on computer terminal and lunch.
Fees cover course notes, finger lunches and morning and afternoon teas.
Fees cover course tuition and accommodation.
Fees cover craft supplies, curriculum, meals, and a T-shirt.
Fees cover dinners, race management and trophies.
Fees cover education, job training, and uniform and equipment costs.
Fees cover expenses and program costs to assure the program's ability to respond to requests.
Fees cover housing, certain services and amenities, and unlimited nursing home care.
Fees cover instruction and a library card.
Fees cover instruction, materials, and refreshments.
Fees cover instruction, materials, lab access, and light snacks.
Fees cover instruction, most materials and loom rental.
Fees cover instruction, pool rental, boating equipment and river gear.
Fees cover lodging, meals, limited medical insurance, program activities and instruction.
Fees cover materials and instruction by certified teachers.
Fees cover materials and refreshments.
Fees cover meeting facilities, materials, and meeting management.
Fees cover normal usage.
Fees cover notes, morning and afternoon teas and lunch.
Fees cover one six-month period and are billed every six months.
Fees cover only the cost of materials.
Fees cover our costs, vendor services and staff time.
Fees cover peer mentor expenses, part-time evaluation staff, and program costs.
Fees cover refreshments and course materials including a manual on the basics of biological control.
Fees cover refreshments, organization and site cost, and materials.
Fees cover refreshments, organization and site costs, and materials.
Fees cover registration and Aerosol Propellants Manual, continental breakfast, breaks and luncheon.
Fees cover registration, conference materials and reception.
Fees cover room and board and surface travel in Jordan.
Fees cover textbooks, handouts, tests and certificates.
Fees cover the cost of a notebook of educational materials and refreshments.
Fees cover the cost of contest materials, awards and refreshments.
Fees cover the cost of instruction and educational materials.
Fees cover the cost of instruction, payroll administration, and equipment.
Fees cover the cost of laboratory consumables, replacement parts, and a portion of the labor costs.
Fees cover the cost of lunches and other refreshments.
Fees cover the cost of marketing, payment of presenters, refreshment breaks, and a syllabus.
Fees cover the cost of supplies to be determined by the number of students participating.
Fees cover the cost of the Seminar and the luncheon.
Fees cover the costs of account activation, maintenance, and closure.
Fees cover the golf course operating costs, and help pay for additional recreation programs.
Fees cover the studio space, promotional materials and the visits of master teachers.
Fees cover the supply of monthly boxes on loan.
Fees cover the use of all necessary facilities, and equipment and library resources.
Fees cover the use of all necessary facilities, equipment and library resources.
Fees cover the use of the facility and an honorarium for the clergy.
Fees cover transportation and supervision.
Fees cover transportation, meals, and all camping and park fees.
Fees cover tuition and accommodation, final dinner, group photo, and program administration.
Fees cover tuition, room and board, and use of the site facilities.
Fees cover tuition, training manual, and parking.
Fees decline as the item prices gets higher.
Fees depend on age of child.
Fees depend on circulation and frequency of publication.
Fees depend on circumstances and are negotiated at the time.
Fees depend on content, term and other factors.
Fees depend on course length and content.
Fees depend on curriculum and length of presentation.
Fees depend on frequency of attendance and scholarship assistance is available.
Fees depend on how many games the customer wants to play during a season.
Fees depend on program.
Fees depend on rifle type i.e calibre.
Fees depend on size and fabric choice and design time.
Fees depend on size and location of venue, room size and hours.
Fees depend on size of shares, family size, etc.
Fees Depend on speed and type of connection.
Fees depend on the age of the child.
Fees depend on the amount of material to be transferred.
Fees depend on the amount of service provided.
Fees depend on the amount of time spent to free the stoppage.
Fees depend on the degree of assistance required and affiliation.
Fees depend on the distance from the home office.
Fees depend on the efficiency of the attorney instructed.
Fees depend on the exact nature of the transaction.
Fees depend on the geographic area and travel agency.
Fees depend on the kinds of services delivered.
Fees depend on the length of the class speaking engagement.
Fees depend on the levels of service the clients or their families choose.
Fees depend on the make, model and year of the car.
Fees depend on the nature and size of the fund .
Fees depend on the number of members.
Fees depend on the project and are available on request.
Fees depend on the size of booth requested.
Fees depend on the size of the animal.
Fees depend on the size of the party.
Fees depend on the type and amount of service provided.
Fees depend on the type of category and the number of applicants.
Fees depend on time of trip, i.e. day or night, and traffic.
Fees depend on who, what, when, and where.
Fees depend upon circulation, intended audience, etc.
Fees depend upon complexity and size of music as well as density of notation per page.
Fees depend upon complexity of project.
Fees depend upon experience and level attained.
Fees depend upon location and dollar amount.
Fees depend upon on the amount of information requested, as well as the location of the company.
Fees depend upon photo usage.
Fees depend upon the number of study hours and are payable in full at enrolment.
Fees depend upon the structures.
Fees depend upon the type and complexity of the evaluation.
Fees depend upon the type of audit.
Fees depend upon the type of document presented for registration.
Fees differ according to requests with each burger.
Fees differ between the airport and seaports.
Fees differ for each facility.
Fees differ from cave to cave.
Fees differ from the on-campus courses.
Fees differ greatly according to the course chosen.
Fees discourage volunteerism and inhibit public stewardship of the land.
Fees discriminate against low-income users.
Fees do apply for on-site training.
Fees do apply for scheduled programs.
Fees do apply for testing, repacking or replacing the batteries.
Fees do apply.
Fees do mount up.
Fees do tend to fall as funds get larger.
Fees do vary considerably between lenders, so be sure to shop around.
Fees drop during the off-season.
Fees drop later in the day.
Fees encourage landowners to open more private land to hunters.
Fees encourage private owners to make habitat improvements on the land to attract more game.
Fees Enter the total annual amount of all fees such as sports, health insurance, etc.
Fees entitle members to use all facilities and services.
Fees exclude accommodation.
Fees exclude travel and hotel accommodations.
Fees exist for the employer, job seeker, or both.
Fees fluctuate according to exchange rates.
Fees generally rise with the degree of handholding and focused care.
Fees generated from student enrollments off-set the cost of delivering the classes.
Fees given are for UK nationals.
Fees go to fund rather than to state treasury.
Fees go to help trail maintenance, signs, and preservation of the trail hiked.
Fees go to maintain roads, outhouses and clean litter from the beaches on the Columbia River.
Fees go to maintaining and upgrading cable services.
Fees go to the national coordinator, and for copying, postage, and purchase of forms.
Fees go toward acquiring habitat for the desert tortoise and other endangered fauna and flora.
Fees go toward administrative costs and the cost of the plaques .
Fees go toward costs and, if necessary, care providers.
Fees go toward incentive prizes and T-shirts for the participants.
Fees go toward paying our facilities and equipment costs.
Fees go toward printing and postage.
Fees go toward sterilization.
Fees go towards purchase and maintenance of equipment.
Fees grow in importance as potential return falls.
Fees have another effect on a group.
Fees have nothing to do with supply and demand, only with value.
Fees have to be paid in advance.
Fees have to be paid in full.
Fees have to be part of the equation.
Fees have to be questioned.
Fees have yet to be set, but the aim is to give substantial rebates to regular commuters.
Fees help cover canoe rentals and training of guides.
Fees here are for Canadian students only.
Fees includes all meals and events.
Fees includes breakfast, range balls, green fees, riding cart, lunch, refreshments and great prizes.
Fees includes cost of Course material.
Fees includes rides, T-shirt and barbecue.
Fees includes score reports sent to four colleges of choice.
Fees includes supplies and light afternoon snack.
Fees includes T-shirt, instruction and awards.
Fees increase in proportion to registered value.
Fees increase in proportion to the registered value.
Fees incurred include all lab work and prescriptions.
Fees just offset expenses .
Fees list itemized fees for permits.
Fees listed above are an annual card fee.
Fees listed above are for local non-profit and private group use.
Fees listed above include parking, university, student activity, infrastructure, and one-time fees.
Fees listed are all inclusive unless otherwise specified.
Fees listed are approximate and subject to change .
Fees listed are for Frederick County residents.
Fees listed are for one meeting.
Fees listed are for one session only.
Fees listed are for parents paying the full child care fee.
Fees listed are in addition to all other applicable registration fees.
Fees listed are in Canadian dollars , except where specified.
Fees listed are per child, per week.
Fees listed are per day.
Fees listed are per image produced.
Fees listed are per month unless otherwise indicated.
Fees listed are subject to annual adjustments.
Fees listed are subject to change without notice.
Fees listed are subject to change.
Fees listed are summer weekdays without cart rental.
Fees listed are to attend the entire program.
Fees listed below are for the entire workshop plus travel expenses.
Fees listed below are per one way trip.
Fees listed below include ALL sessions.
Fees listed below include segregated fee assessment.
Fees listed below represent the base service fee charged for each service.
Fees listed here are correct.
Fees listed here are subject to change without notice.
Fees listed include charges for crew and fuel except in the case of an extended cruise.
Fees listed include full tuition, room and board.
Fees listed with each option are for students enrolling individually.
Fees offset our expenses.
Fees once paid is neither refundable nor transferable.
Fees only apply when products go into volume production.
Fees only provide a small percentage of the total public library budget.
Fees paid are for advertising only and payable by company check, monthly.
Fees paid are non-refundable.
Fees paid by movie studios cover the variable costs associated with each screening.
Fees paid by overseas students fall into four main bands, depending on the type of course.
Fees paid by runners to enter the race cover only the cost of the race itself, including t-shirts.
Fees paid by tank owners capitalize the fund.
Fees paid by undergraduates, masters and doctoral at registration include health care coverage.
Fees paid by volunteers cover the price of their food and lodging.
Fees paid in or to a place of amusement are taxable.
Fees paid in other currencies depend on exchange rates.
Fees paid to local guides help develop local communities.
Fees paid to plan service providers are reasonable .
Fees paid to plan service providers are reasonable.
Fees parallel that of standard graduate level classes.
Fees Pay for more than one month, get a discount, see website for details.
Fees pay for some of the costs of campus facilities and the delivery of off-campus courses.
Fees pay for the cost of maintaining the lots.
Fees pay for the gas, oil and maintenance of grooming equipment.
Fees please inquire.
Fees PLNE test takers follow the same fee schedule as all other Praxis Series test takers.
Fees present a number of organizational and administrative problems.
Fees provide an excellent revenue stream.
Fees provided are estimates only.
Fees qualify for tax relief.
Fees quoted are for adults during the most expensive part of the season.
Fees quoted are for new entrants.
Fees quoted are for tuition costs only.
Fees quoted are for up to four hours review plus a one-page report.
Fees quoted are the total courses fee for a local student.
Fees quoted below are subject to change by university or legislative action.
Fees raise the average cost per phone call.
Fees range according to the type and length of course, workshop, or seminar.
Fees range based on the number of sites and the locations involved.
Fees range between five and fifteen percent of the client's annual salary.
Fees range depending on species, sex and size.
Fees range depending on the class.
Fees range from as low as one cent to thirty cents per transaction.
Fees range from free to full price depending on income.
Fees range per program.
Fees range up to tens of thousands of baht.
Fees range widely from school to school and from province to province.
Fees range widely, depending on the class.
Fees rank among the lowest in the industry and are fully disclosed up front.
Fees really are key to future returns.
Fees recover the cost of materials and the cost of labor.
Fees refer to all other mandatory enrollment fees.
Fees Refer to course description for fees.
Fees Refer to the entry form for the list of fees.
Fees reflect demand, with more advanced and more unusual language courses attracting higher fees.
Fees reflect location, length of course, number of students, and boat size.
Fees reflect only the time and support the client requires.
Fees reflect the different facilities.
Fees reflect the teacher to child ratios of the classrooms.
Fees reflect unconditional high quality, the basis of our enviable reputation.
Fees remain affordable.
Fees remain the same as in the past three years.
Fees remain the same for hunters and fishermen, for example, from Alabama and Tennessee.
Fees remain the same unless otherwise stated.
Fees remain the same.
Fees Review our payment policies and sliding fee scale.
Fees Review the estimated costs of attendance for freshman.
Fees rise annually at least in line with inflation in the UK economy.
Fees See fee schedule .
Fees See Fees Table for details.
Fees See information for each camp.
Fees See listing under type of visit or program.
Fees See our web page or call for more details.
Fees See our web site for pricing information.
Fees See our WEB sites for fees, as they change frequently.
Fees See our website for details.
FEES See page for prices.
Fees See registration bulletin.
Fees See schedule provided at the bank.
Fees See separate fee schedule for additional information about charges.
Fees See site.
Fees See web site for most current costs.
Fees See website.
Fees seem to range based on credit units, administrative fees, and discounts offered.
Fees serve as a record of what's done and the costs that are incurred.
Fees set according to time of work.
Fees shown above are subject to change.
Fees shown are for each individual device.
Fees shown are for three major categories.
Fees shown are from last year, and are subject to change.
Fees shown are inclusive of all services and are in full.
Fees shown are monthly.
Fees shown are per each individual device.
Fees shown are per person.
Fees shown for courses include costs of materials, supplies and equipment.
Fees split where respondent expands panel from one to three.
Fees start at ten dollars for six months of service.
Fees still account for a large share of government revenue.
Fees still apply on absent days, sick days and public holidays and school holidays.
Fees support an experienced full-time executive director and other staffing and operating costs.
Fees support external training resources.
Fees support mailings and provides funding for annual activities.
Fees support parking.
Fees support the certification program, and clearly they are necessary.
Fees support the distribution of copies of The Source Book.
Fees take into consideration holiday and vacation times.
Fees tend to be set on a sliding fee scale.
Fees There are many ways to pay for professional legal services.
Fees There are no fees for borrowing videocassettes.
Fees There are no fees for the after-school program, to the children or the school.
Fees There are no fees for the placement service.
Fees There are no registration fees and no credit card is required to join.
Fees There are only two fees.
Fees There are separate fees for licensing, registration and transfers.
Fees There are three different pricing structures for the three different services.
Fees There is always a fee for each participant enrolled in each of our classes.
Fees There is no application fee.
Fees There is no registration fee.
Fees There is no reservation fee for South Dakota residents.
Fees There is no tuition fee.
Fees typically cover professional services and out of pocket expenses.
Fees typically depend on the image's distribution, size and placement, and intended use.
Fees unnecessarily force users to make recreation choices based on cost of participation.
Fees vary .
Fees vary a great deal as well.
Fees vary a great deal, depending on the boat, port, length of the trip and type of fishing.
Fees vary according the size of the company.
Fees vary according the the complexity of the project.
Fees vary according the the nature of the changes.
Fees vary according to activity chosen.
Fees vary according to agency.
Fees vary according to airline and whether the pet is traveling in the cabin or as cargo.
Fees vary according to amount of material submitted.
Fees vary according to an exhibit's size and loan period.
Fees vary according to boat size and days of use.
Fees vary according to business type.
Fees vary according to city,town or village,and individual income.
Fees vary according to class.
Fees vary according to course.
Fees vary according to database and vendor.
Fees vary according to days attended.
Fees vary according to environments and resources required.
Fees vary according to event.
Fees vary according to facilities and the level of care chosen or required by residents.
Fees vary according to hours.
Fees vary according to income.
Fees vary according to individual circumstances, type of course etc.
Fees vary according to individual hotel.
Fees vary according to length and number of sessions.
Fees vary according to length of pregnancy.
Fees vary according to length of seminar, group size, and location.
Fees vary according to length, delivery mode and other factors.
Fees vary according to lesson.
Fees vary according to manuscript length and the amount of work required.
Fees vary according to membership status, registration date, and the number of days attending.
Fees vary according to nationality of applicant.
Fees vary according to nature of event and number of participants.
Fees vary according to needs.
Fees vary according to preparation time and size and composition of audience.
Fees vary according to program and hours.
Fees vary according to program and location.
Fees vary according to program.
Fees vary according to programs.
Fees vary according to requirements.
Fees vary according to residency and scholarship opportunities.
Fees vary according to scope of work.
Fees vary according to season, number of occupants, amenities and location.
Fees vary according to service rendered.
Fees vary according to service.
Fees vary according to services rendered.
Fees vary according to size and type of business and number of employees.
Fees vary according to size and weight of vehicle.
Fees vary according to size of hosting company, services offered, and target market.
Fees vary according to space.
Fees vary according to specific property type, size and location.
Fees Vary according to states of travel.
Fees vary according to status of participant.
Fees vary according to tests administered and examiner.
Fees vary according to the age of the child.
Fees vary according to the agency providing the service.
Fees vary according to the amount of the transaction.
Fees vary according to the amount of work involved in the appraisal.
Fees vary according to the application and the circumstances involved.
Fees vary according to the child's age.
Fees vary according to the cost of individual tests, ask staff for details.
Fees vary according to the course of study.
Fees vary according to the degree of local participation.
Fees vary according to the distance of each drive.
Fees vary according to the extent of the research.
Fees vary according to the facilities provided.
Fees vary according to the industry or situation.
Fees vary according to the institution and discipline selected.
Fees vary according to the kind of copying.
Fees vary according to the length of the boat.
Fees vary according to the length of the pregnancy as noted above.
Fees vary according to the length of the visit, tests performed, remedies, and medications required.
Fees vary according to the location.
Fees vary according to the nature of the service performed and the devices prescribed.
Fees vary according to the number of band members needed to staff an educational activity.
Fees vary according to the number of people involved in the production.
Fees vary according to the number of teams in the league.
Fees vary according to the program but are affordable and based on a sliding scale.
Fees vary according to the program or course.
Fees vary according to the program, and some programs include making items to be taken home.
Fees vary according to the program.
Fees vary according to the service selected.
Fees vary according to the service.
Fees vary according to the services and modules required.
Fees vary according to the services provided.
Fees vary according to the services received.
Fees vary according to the site.
Fees vary according to the size of the racket and type of material used to string the racket.
Fees vary according to the time of year and are subject to change.
Fees vary according to the trekking regions and the duration of the trek.
Fees vary according to the type of business to be conducted.
Fees vary according to the type of business.
Fees vary according to the type of course and the period of enrolment.
Fees vary according to the type of cruise.
Fees vary according to the type of each business and the number of employees.
Fees vary according to the type of training and number of days required.
Fees vary according to the type of training offered.
Fees vary according to the value of the vacation.
Fees vary according to type and number of hours for the class.
Fees vary according to type of privilege purchased.
Fees vary according to type of project and time required.
Fees vary according to type of service requested.
Fees vary according to type, length, and use of craft.
Fees vary according to usage and applicable discounts.
Fees vary according to use, page size, duration of publication, and number of copies printed.
Fees vary according to user affiliation.
Fees vary according to veterinary care.
Fees vary according to what is provided by the local soccer association or club.
Fees vary according to workshops and housing options.
Fees vary accordingly, through financial aid or waivers.
Fees vary accordingly.
Fees vary among institutions.
Fees vary among Mediators, and change from time to time.
Fees vary among providers.
Fees vary and a limited number of scholarships are available.
Fees vary and are available upon request.
Fees vary and are based on level of participation.
Fees vary and are based on the costs of the course, supplies, and materials.
Fees vary and are based on the length of the boat.
Fees vary and are based upon project requirements.
Fees vary and are dependent upon the complexity and time necessary to conduct the training program.
Fees vary and are determined at the site.
Fees vary and are explained below.
Fees vary and are listed at the end of each course description.
Fees vary and are listed for each program.
Fees vary and are listed in our events calendar.
Fees vary and are listed with each session description.
Fees vary and are negotiable.
Fees vary and are paid directly to the State.
Fees vary and are set by the individual therapist.
Fees vary and depend on level of participation.
Fees vary and depend on the daily needs of business and industry.
Fees vary and usually depend on the details of the visit.
Fees vary and usually depend upon details of the visit.
Fees vary as noted in our disclosure .
Fees vary as well as services.
Fees vary at each site depending on available facilities.
Fees vary based on group size and affiliation.
Fees vary based on length of retreat.
Fees vary based on location of ad.
Fees vary based on location, topic, and group size.
Fees vary based on number of participants, topic and length of training.
Fees vary based on project difficulties and construction complexities.
Fees vary based on sellers, policy and service packages.
Fees vary based on the age of the dogo.
Fees vary based on the number of credits taken.
Fees vary based on the size and type of building taking place.
Fees vary based on the topic and materials required.
Fees vary based on the type of services provided at each area.
Fees vary based on type and length of class requested.
Fees vary based on weight and size of the kennel.
Fees vary based upon number of campers.
Fees vary based upon price, size, and the age of the vehicle.
Fees vary based upon the depth of service provided.
Fees vary based upon the presentation and the audience.
Fees vary because of our personalized approach to the treatment of each patient.
Fees vary between schools.
Fees vary between the different clubs.
Fees vary but are very reasonable.
Fees vary but some services are offered free of charge.
Fees vary by acquirer and data capture level.
Fees vary by agency and many agencies have sliding fee scales for low-income clients.
Fees vary by airline and are subject to change without notice.
Fees vary by airline.
Fees vary by bank on that service as well.
Fees vary by bar association.
Fees vary by business type.
Fees vary by campus and are subject to change annually.
Fees vary by campus and are subject to change without notice.
Fees vary by category of the intended user group as defined below.
Fees vary by class and are listed with each course description.
Fees vary by class.
Fees vary by county.
Fees vary by course type and duration.
Fees vary by course.
Fees vary by database and the number of citations received.
Fees vary by degree program.
Fees vary by division.
Fees vary by exchange.
Fees vary by length of class.
Fees vary by level of support as well as hardware and software package selection.
Fees vary by loan program and also include insurance fees.
Fees vary by location and age of the child.
Fees vary by market.
Fees vary by membership category and are discounted for two-year memberships.
Fees vary by number of days and hours desired.
Fees vary by program and according to intensity.
Fees vary by program and by family income.
Fees vary by program and funding source.
Fees vary by program.
Fees vary by route, age and time of day.
Fees vary by service and ability to pay.
Fees vary by service and by ability to pay.
Fees vary by service.
Fees vary by site depending on kind, length and duration of program.
Fees vary by site.
Fees vary by size of business.
Fees vary by state and are usually set as a percentage of the estate's value.
Fees vary by state and in each jurisdiction.
Fees vary by state.
Fees vary by tests.
Fees vary by the trip, but are very reasonable.
Fees vary by the type of domain.
Fees vary by topic.
Fees vary by travel distance and session length.
Fees vary by type and value of project.
Fees vary by type and value of work to be done.
Fees vary by type of accomodations.
Fees vary by type of application.
Fees vary by type of business and location.
Fees vary by type of requester.
Fees vary by unit.
Fees vary considerably among the professions.
Fees vary considerably depending upon location, training, and experience.
Fees vary considerably, depending on plan complexity.
Fees vary dependent on training program.
Fees vary depending by township.
Fees vary depending of the type of work to be performed.
Fees vary depending on activities and length of tour.
Fees vary depending on activity.
Fees vary depending on age and gender of student.
Fees vary depending on age of applicant.
Fees vary depending on amount of web space needed.
Fees vary depending on coaching or training issues.
Fees vary depending on database.
Fees vary depending on each event and are listed on each event page.
Fees vary depending on enrollment option and are based on family income.
Fees vary depending on equipment.
Fees vary depending on facility, space, use, and supervision needed.
Fees vary depending on family members and number of classes.
Fees vary depending on group size and time on the course.
Fees vary depending on institution.
Fees vary depending on investment, and it can pay to shop around.
Fees vary depending on length of pregnancy.
Fees vary depending on level of complexity.
Fees vary depending on location and service requested.
Fees vary depending on location.
Fees vary depending on member status, whether bonded or non-bonded .
Fees vary depending on membership.
Fees vary depending on nationality.
Fees vary depending on number of dolls and length of rental.
Fees vary depending on selection.
Fees vary depending on service rendered.
Fees vary depending on service.
Fees vary depending on sessions taken.
Fees vary depending on size and type of reproduction.
Fees vary depending on size of group, extent of training, materials, etc.
Fees vary depending on size, product, electrical requirements and placement.
Fees vary depending on skill level.
Fees vary depending on territory and number of schools.
Fees vary depending on the activity and are published prior to each activity.
Fees vary depending on the activity.
Fees vary depending on the amount of transactions conducted on a yearly basis.
Fees vary depending on the child's schedule.
Fees vary depending on the circumstances.
Fees vary depending on the class.
Fees vary depending on the complexity and size of the part and amount of material used.
Fees vary depending on the complexity of the request and the databases used.
Fees vary depending on the complexity of the topic and the amount of material needed.
Fees vary depending on the course being undertaken.
Fees vary depending on the degree of participation.
Fees vary depending on the desired services.
Fees vary depending on the destination and method of the delivery.
Fees vary depending on the division in which the child plays.
Fees vary depending on the extent of the program.
Fees vary depending on the facts of each case and the particular circumstances.
Fees vary depending on the individual.
Fees vary depending on the information at the onset and the availability of more information.
Fees vary depending on the installation.
Fees vary depending on the kind of care needed.
Fees vary depending on the length and positioning of articles.
Fees vary depending on the length of the lesson, and the instructor.
Fees vary depending on the length of the training.
Fees vary depending on the location and on the type of application.
Fees vary depending on the location.
Fees vary depending on the nature and scope of the dispute.
Fees vary depending on the nature of the fund.
Fees vary depending on the number of seats and amount of storage required.
Fees vary depending on the number of sessions purchased.
Fees vary depending on the offense.
Fees vary depending on the package, time of change or cancellation.
Fees vary depending on the particular type of search.
Fees vary depending on the project complexity, etc.
Fees vary depending on the service selected.
Fees vary depending on the services requested.
Fees vary depending on the services.
Fees vary depending on the size and type of construction purposed.
Fees vary depending on the size and type of reproduction.
Fees vary depending on the size and weight of the truck.
Fees vary depending on the size of the estate.
Fees vary depending on the size of the lake and the size of the fish.
Fees vary depending on the size of the vessel.
Fees vary depending on the size, weight and type of load being moved, as follows.
Fees vary depending on the specific activity.
Fees vary depending on the test.
Fees vary depending on the time of year and type of event.
Fees vary depending on the total duration of the job and the estimated driving time round trip.
Fees vary depending on the type and extent of use.
Fees vary depending on the type and format of material.
Fees vary depending on the type and number of changes requested in the same immediate family.
Fees vary depending on the type of system and the number of connections.
Fees vary depending on the usage required.
Fees vary depending on the user's status.
Fees vary depending on the virus to be identified.
Fees vary depending on the workshop.
Fees vary depending on type of activity.
Fees vary depending on type of approval, system class, and number of services.
Fees vary depending on use.
Fees vary depending on what information is being sought and who is seeking it.
Fees vary depending on which exams, and how many, are registered for.
Fees vary depending upon background and experience.
Fees vary depending upon court usage.
Fees vary depending upon current grant funding.
Fees vary depending upon document.
Fees vary depending upon option selected.
Fees vary depending upon package purchased.
Fees vary depending upon service.
Fees vary depending upon size of treatment plant.
Fees vary depending upon the class.
Fees vary depending upon the company size, number of services offered, and patient volume.
Fees vary depending upon the cost of materials.
Fees vary depending upon the desired services, length, and technical sophistication of the venture.
Fees vary depending upon the nature of the usage.
Fees vary depending upon the number of holes played.
Fees vary depending upon the program and services.
Fees vary depending upon the program.
Fees vary depending upon the service required and program participation.
Fees vary depending upon the specific services provided.
Fees vary depending upon the type of application and the size of the entity applying for the patent.
Fees vary depending upon the type of organization, event, and room request.
Fees vary due to levels of membership and chapter's affiliation.
Fees vary during the off season.
Fees vary during the off-season.
Fees vary for all programs.
Fees vary for all Strawberry Canyon programs.
Fees vary for anglers wanting to compete for prizes.
Fees vary for appointment clinic.
Fees vary for commercial vans and tour buses.
Fees vary for courses in some programs.
Fees vary for different examinations.
Fees vary for different licenses.
Fees vary for duplications, number of years etc.
Fees vary for each institution.
Fees vary for each league.
Fees vary for each pet, depending on the amount of care required in foster care.
Fees vary for each program.
Fees vary for individuals vs. institutional licenses.
Fees vary for issuing visas, depending on where they are issued and how quickly they are needed.
Fees vary for members and non-members.
Fees vary for order.
Fees vary for other size pages.
Fees vary for professional workers.
Fees vary for programs.
Fees vary for reciprocal licensees.
Fees vary for representation.
Fees vary for resident, non-resident, and other classifications.
Fees vary for seminars for which advance registration is required .
Fees vary for seniors or special needs rescue dogs.
Fees vary for specific artists and programs.
Fees vary for the event and are based upon membership status and the number of seminars attended.
Fees vary for the garages and lots around the facility.
Fees vary for the seminars and registration is recommended.
Fees vary for types of services offered and insurance coverage.
Fees vary for workshops and services.
Fees vary from a few cents per minute for phone consultations to several dollars per hour.
Fees vary from a few hundred dollars to several thousand dollars.
Fees vary from a few thousand to tens of thousands of dollars.
Fees vary from bank to bank, so it is important to determine the going rates.
Fees vary from board to board and are normally prorated from the date of application.
Fees vary from branch to branch .
Fees vary from company to company and are slightly higher for airport service.
Fees vary from company to company and from client to client.
Fees vary from company to company, so compare the entire programs before selecting.
Fees vary from country to country for agency services.
Fees vary from country to country.
Fees vary from county to county.
Fees vary from course to course and from year to year.
Fees vary from exchange to exchange.
Fees vary from lawyer to lawyer and are based on the type and complexity of the matter.
Fees vary from location to location.
Fees vary from market to market, let alone from country to country.
Fees vary from one bank to another.
Fees vary from parish to parish and is at the discretion of the branch leadership team.
Fees vary from park to park and throughout the year.
Fees vary from park to park.
Fees vary from presentation to presentation.
Fees vary from project to project.
Fees vary from software company to software company.
Fees vary from state to state and from one social worker to another.
Fees vary from state to state.
Fees vary from taxi to taxi, but all are clearly posted on the outside of the cab.
Fees vary from testing center to testing center and are subject to change.
Fees vary from town to town.
Fees vary in accordance with each course.
Fees vary in different areas.
Fees vary in different parts of the country.
Fees vary in other counties.
Fees vary monthly depending on the exchange rate.
Fees vary on a case by case basis.
Fees vary outside Toronto.
Fees vary per club.
Fees vary per course and space is limited.
Fees vary per event.
Fees vary per program per year.
Fees vary per service performed.
Fees vary per week.
Fees vary per weekly program.
Fees vary significantly.
Fees vary slightly between Colleges.
Fees vary slightly depending on location because local costs are different.
Fees vary slightly from city to city.
Fees vary slightly to include cost of materials.
Fees vary so telephone ahead.
Fees vary substantially, but studies show no direct connection between cost of therapy and outcome.
Fees vary throughout the area parks.
Fees vary tremendously.
Fees vary widely depending upon subject matter and quantity purchased.
Fees vary widely depending upon the region, experience of the astrologer and type of clientele.
Fees vary widely for family day care, but it is relatively inexpensive.
Fees vary widely, depending on the responsible authority, location and type of school.
Fees vary widely, so it pays to shop around.
Fees vary widely.
Fees vary with consultants.
Fees vary with coverage.
Fees vary with different divisions.
Fees vary with each presenter, depending on the scope of the event and the amount of work required.
Fees vary with each program.
Fees vary with each school.
Fees vary with each test.
Fees vary with family income.
Fees vary with function.
Fees vary with income and ability to pay.
Fees vary with number of campers, number of vehicles, and choice of electricity.
Fees vary with number of workstations and type of connectivity.
Fees vary with particular choice and distance.
Fees vary with price.
Fees Vary with product.
Fees vary with program and distance traveled.
Fees vary with programs and services.
Fees vary with programs.
Fees vary with project.
Fees vary with schools.
Fees vary with size of group and hours of use.
Fees vary with specific services utilized.
Fees vary with the courses selected.
Fees vary with the courses taken.
Fees vary with the event.
Fees vary with the extent of the presentation.
Fees vary with the length of program.
Fees vary with the length of the tour.
Fees vary with the level and session length.
Fees vary with the number of sessions.
Fees vary with the program offered.
Fees vary with the project.
Fees vary with the size of the house or business location.
Fees vary with the size of the system and the type of coverage chosen.
Fees vary with the type of child care.
Fees vary with time of year.
Fees vary with units, hours and topic.
Fees vary, according to state law.
Fees vary, and are based on level of participation.
Fees vary, and are listed with each course.
Fees vary, as do reservation requirements, so call ahead.
Fees vary, based on the subject to be interpreted and the format.
Fees vary, but are generally less than fees for first publication rights.
Fees vary, but are generally less than fees for first serial rights.
Fees vary, but include room, lodging and class instruction.
Fees vary, but the cost is directly related to the value of the property.
Fees vary, but they're generally in the several hundred dollar range.
Fees vary, contact for more information.
Fees vary, depending on how much fat, the area and the physician.
Fees vary, depending on length of each session, and location.
Fees vary, depending on size.
Fees vary, depending on the age of the child and scheduling option used.
Fees vary, depending on the amount of time and whether the seminar is private or open to the public.
Fees vary, depending on the cost of the materials.
Fees vary, depending on the industry and area of the country.
Fees vary, depending on the number of performances and other activities.
Fees vary, depending on the particular circumstance, the time requested and the mileage involved.
Fees vary, depending on the type and extent of use.
Fees vary, depending on the type and size of construction.
Fees vary, depending on the type of artwork, arrangements with the artist and publication size.
Fees vary, depending on the type of training being offered.
Fees vary, depending on whether student has a co-signer.
Fees vary, depending upon the topic, duration of seminar, and venue.
Fees vary, please inquire at the teller window.
Fees vary, scholarships are available.
Fees vary, see attached list.
Fees vary, so call ahead.
Fees vary, some offer scholarships.
Fees vary, though generally there is a onetime installation fee and a monthly monitoring rate.
Fees View the complete list of fees here.
Fees often apply.
Fees often stop people from pursuing discrimination cases.
Fees often vary significantly from one therapist to another.
Fees sometimes are high and there are many delays in transferring funds.
Fees usually pay for a specific service or program that benefits individuals or businesses.
Fees usually vary according to the region of the country and the patient's needs.
Fees usually vary among lawyers depending upon their qualifications, experience and legal skills.
All fee are due tonight.
All fee proceeds go to the general fund.
All fees apply to ALL pages including FREE items.
All fees apply to both business and personal home pages.
All fees apply to each unit.
All fees apply to one year membership and include monthly newsletter subscription.
All fees apply.
All fees are a fraction of the cost of a private attorney.
All fees are a function of the offering, format, and travel distance.
All fees are a small fraction of the cost of a private attorney.
All fees are accurate as of the date published and are subject to change without notice.
All fees are affordable.
All fees are also payable in advance.
All fees are annual, non-refundable, and due upon receipt of invoice.
All fees are applicable at each location on a per-vehicle basis.
All fees are applicable for each screenplay submitted.
All fees are approximate.
All fees are as quoted, plus travel expenses.
All fees are at an hourly rate.
All fees are at or below actual cost.
All fees are cash only.
All fees are chargeable in UK pounds Sterling.
All fees are company paid and all communications are confidential .
All fees are company paid.
All fees are contingency based and are payable only when the search is successful.
All fees are contingent on a successful bond closing.
All fees are cumulative.
All fees are current.
All fees are daily rates.
All fees are dependent on enrollment size.
All fees are determined on an event by event basis.
All fees are determined on the basis of cost recovery.
All fees are due and collected at the time treatment is rendered.
All fees are due and payable as indicated on the fee schedule furnished each term.
All fees are due and payable at the end of each meeting.
All fees are due and payable at the time of matriculation.
All fees are due and payable at the time of registration or on the specified fee payment deadline.
All fees are due and payable at the time of registration.
All fees are due and payable at the time services are rendered.
All fees are due and payable at time and place of application for service.
All fees are due and payable at time of survey.
All fees are due and payable before research is begun.
All fees are due and payable by all students at scheduled registration.
All fees are due and payable each semester prior to the date classes begin.
All fees are due and payable in full at the completion of the visit.
All fees are due and payable in full at the time of the visit.
All fees are due and payable in full at time of registration.
All fees are due and payable in U.S. currency at the time of registration.
All fees are due and payable on the first day of the school year.
All fees are due and payable prior to or at registration.
All fees are due and payable upon performance of the service.
All fees are due and payable upon registration.
All fees are due as of the date of registration or the addition of credits.
All fees are due at least two weeks prior to the rehearsal.
All fees are due at registration.
All Fees are due at registration.
All fees are due at the beginning of the course.
All fees are due at the close of each session unless prior arrangements have been made.
All fees are due at the first of the month .
All fees are due at the first of the month.
All fees are due at the time of adoption.
All fees are due at the time of confirmation.
All fees are due at the time of enrollment.
All fees are due at the time of registration.
All fees are due at the time of service and are payable by cash, check, or money order.
All fees are due at the time of the appointment before the procedure begins.
All fees are due at the time service is provided.
All fees are due at time of cancellation.
All fees are due at time of contract signature.
All fees are due at time of registration.
All fees are due at time of service.
All fees are due before the start of instruction.
All fees are due by one week before the wedding.
All fees are due by the fee payment deadline.
All fees are due by the Fee Payment Deadline.
All fees are due by the first class meeting.
All fees are due during the first three weeks of the school year.
All fees are due early in the semester.
All fees are due immediately and are non-refundable.
All fees are due immediately.
All Fees Are Due Immediately.
All fees are due in advance of facility use and are nonrefundable except in the event of a rain out.
All fees are due in advance of occupancy.
All fees are due in advance of publication via check or money order.
All fees are due in advance of the program.
All fees are due in advance of the service period.
All fees are due in advance of the services provided.
All fees are due in advance or with the materials.
All fees are due in advance, unless specified by the business manager.
All fees are due in advance.
All fees are due in full at the time of registration.
All fees are due in full on enrolment day.
All fees are due in full on the first day of the first month of each term.
All fees are due in full upon receipt of registration form.
All fees are due in two installments.
All fees are due on or before the first day of classes.
All fees are due on or before the registration deadline.
All fees are due on registration day.
All fees are due on the date of in person registration and are non-refundable.
All fees are due on the date of registration.
All fees are due on the day of registration.
All fees are due on the first day of each session.
All fees are due on the first day of registration.
All fees are due on the first day of the meet.
All fees are due on the first day of the month for which service is provided.
All fees are due on the first payment due date to avoid restriction of future registration.
All fees are due payable in U.S. dollars.
All fees are due prior to admission in a class.
All fees are due prior to attending the first class.
All fees are due prior to the start date of the service.
All fees are due the day before the session starts.
All fees are due the first night of class.
All fees are due the first week of class.
All fees are due three weeks prior to camp.
All fees are due to be paid before commencement of the course.
All fees are due to the department within thirty days of billing.
All fees are due two weeks before the start of a course.
All fees are due two weeks prior to the date of the wedding rehearsal.
All fees are due until official notice has been received.
All Fees are due up front.
All fees are due upon application submittal.
All fees are due upon completion of service.
All fees are due upon receipt of the materials.
All fees are due upon recordation.
All fees are due upon registration and before the set deadline.
All fees are due upon registration at the beginning of each semester.
All fees are due upon registration.
All fees are due upon signing the contract.
All fees are due when billed.
All fees are due when registering.
All fees are due with entry forms.
All fees are due with the application .
All fees are due with the application and are nonrefundable .
All fees are due with the registration form and are non-refundable.
All fees are due within five business days of registration.
All fees are due within the first two weeks of each semester.
All fees are employer-paid.
All fees are estimates.
All fees are exclusive of applicable taxes.
All fees are firm and apply equally to subsequent editions.
All fees are flat fees, no proration.
All fees are for a four-hour period .
All fees are for a four-hour period.
All fees are for a one-time use only.
All fees are for a round trip.
All fees are for monthly tuition.
All fees are for one person living in an apartment.
All fees are for per person with breakfast including tax and service charge.
All fees are for the collection and distribution of information only.
All fees are for the service of searching and are non-refundable .
All fees are for two attempts at one address.
All fees are forfeit if students withdraw after the application deadline date.
All fees are forfeit if students withdraw after the application deadline.
All fees are fully negotiable.
All fees are in addiiton to applicable vendor service charges or penalties.
All fees are in addition to existing checking account fees based on minimum requirements.
All fees are in addition to the regular registration fee.
All fees are in Australian dollars.
All fees are in Australian Dollars.
All fees are in British pounds.
All fees are in Canadian currency.
All fees are in Canadian dollars and are subject to change without notice.
All fees are in Canadian dollars and include all applicable taxes.
All fees are in Canadian dollars and include tax.
All fees are in Canadian dollars.
All fees are in Canadian Dollars.
All FEES are in Canadian Dollars.
All fees are in Canadian funds and include all taxes.
All fees are in Canadian funds.
All fees are in German currency.
All fees are in New Zealand dollars.
All fees are in New Zealand Dollars.
All fees are in Swiss francs.
All fees are in U.S. dollars.
All fees are in U.S. funds.
All fees are in UK pounds.
All fees are inclusive all applicable sales taxes and are nonrefundable.
All fees are inclusive, with no hidden extras.
All fees are mandatory and are authorized by State statue.
All fees are mandatory for each student and are non-refundable.
All fees are mandatory for each student and are nonrefundable.
All fees are minimal.
All fees are monthly except for the initial fee.
All fees are monthly unless otherwise noted.
All fees are monthly.
ALL fees are negotiable .
All fees are negotiable and are based on the specific facts and complexity of the case.
All fees are negotiable between users.
All fees are negotiable, depending on job size and effort required.
All fees are negotiable.
All fees are non refundable and upfront.
All fees are non refundable.
All fees are non- refundable.
All fees are non-creditable.
All fees are nonrefundable - including overpayment or cancellation of evaluation requests.
All fees are non-refundable .
All fees are nonrefundable .
All fees are non-refundable and are subject to change upon reasonable notice.
All fees are non-refundable and nontransferable.
All fees are nonrefundable and nontransferable.
All fees are non-refundable and payable in advance.
All fees are non-refundable and payable in U.S. currency.
All fees are nonrefundable and subject to change without notice except as indicated below .
All fees are non-refundable and subject to change.
All fees are nonrefundable and subject to change.
All fees are non-refundable except in the case of class cancellation.
All fees are non-refundable in the event of a no show or late cancellation.
All fees are non-refundable once paid.
All fees are non-refundable unless a class is cancelled.
All fees are non-refundable upon receipt.
All fees are non-refundable, and are payable by check or money order.
All fees are nonrefundable, and bar examination fees are nontransferable.
All fees are nonrefundable, nontransferable.
All fees are non-refundable, under any circumstances.
All fees are non-refundable.
All Fees are non-refundable.
All fees are nonrefundable.
All fees are nontransferable and nonrefundable.
All fees are non-waivable.
All fees are on a per page basis.
All fees are on a sliding scale basis.
All fees are on a sliding scale.
All fees are one-time only .
All fees are only one-time .
All fees are optional for part time day law students.
All fees are optional for part time evening law students.
All fees are optional for part time graduate students.
All fees are outline at out company Website.
All fees are paid by our client companies, there is no cost to the jobseeker.
All fees are payable at registration for each course.
All fees are payable at registration or prior to the first class meeting.
All fees are payable at registration or upon the receipt of the bill.
All fees are payable at registration.
All fees are payable at the beginning of each semester.
All fees are payable at the door.
All fees are payable at the scheduled time each semester.
All fees are payable at the time of registration each semester.
All fees are payable at the time of registration either by check or money order.
All fees are payable at the time of registration for the activity or class.
All fees are payable at the time of registration.
All fees are payable at the time of service.
All fees are payable at the time of surgery.
All fees are payable at the time of the inspection.
All fees are payable at the time services are provided.
All fees are payable at the time the film permit application is submitted.
All fees are payable at time of ad placement.
All fees are payable at time of enrollment.
All fees are payable at time of registration.
All fees are payable at time of service and non-refundable.
All fees are payable by cash, check, or money order.
All fees are payable by check or money order on the first day of each session.
All fees are payable by credit card.
All fees are payable by the client upon receipt of the billing statement.
All fees are payable by the date shown on the student s fee receipt.
All fees are payable four weeks in advance.
All fees are payable from the proceeds of the case.
All fees are payable in advance .
All fees are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
All fees are payable in advance as indicated below.
All fees are payable in advance at the time of enrollment.
All fees are payable in advance by cash.
All fees are payable in advance by cheque or postal order and are non-refundable.
All fees are payable in advance in U.S. dollars.
All fees are payable in advance of play.
All fees are payable in advance of the scheduled mediation session or arbitration hearing.
All fees are payable in advance or by direct debit.
All fees are payable in advance using online credit card.
All fees are payable in advance via corporate check.
All fees are payable in advance.
All fees are payable in arrears.
All fees are payable in Australian Dollars.
All fees are payable in Brazilian reais.
All fees are payable in Canadian dollars.
All fees are payable in Canadian Dollars.
All fees are payable in Canadian funds.
All fees are payable in cash or money order.
All fees are payable in cash, preferably in exact change.
All fees are payable in colones or dollars.
All fees are payable in full at the time of registration.
All fees are payable in full at the times specified.
All fees are payable in full before each semester begins.
All fees are payable in full on the first night of classes.
All fees are payable in full prior to registration.
All fees are payable in full thirty days before a program begins.
All fees are payable in full when the student registers or pre-registers.
All fees are payable in Mexican currency or the equivalent in U.S. dollars.
All fees are payable in monthly increments.
All fees are payable in pounds sterling.
All fees are payable in sterling.
All fees are payable in the currency of the relevant registering authority.
All fees are payable in U.S. currency.
All fees are payable in U.S. dollars through a UK Channel Island bank.
All fees are payable in U.S. dollars.
All fees are payable in U.S. funds only.
All fees are payable in U.S. funds or equivalent at current exchange rates.
All fees are payable in U.S. funds.
All fees are payable in United States dollars.
All fees are payable into the prize pool.
All fees are payable on approval of membership.
All fees are payable on arrival.
All fees are payable on enrollment.
All fees are payable on or before registration day each term.
All fees are payable on the date specified prior to the opening of each semester.
All fees are payable only in U.S. dollars.
All fees are payable per semester and are due in advance of the opening day of each semester.
All fees are payable prior to attendance at training courses.
All fees are payable prior to registration.
All fees are payable prior to services being rendered.
All fees are payable prior to the start of the class.
All fees are payable prior to the start of the training course.
All fees are payable quarterly in advance.
All fees are payable the day of registration for all students.
All fees are payable the day of the exam.
All fees are payable three weeks before the wedding rehearsal.
All fees are payable to the City of Apache Junction.
All fees are payable to the Clerk of Roanoke County Circuit Court.
All fees are payable to the instructor at first class.
All fees are payable upon application.
All fees are payable upon receipt of financial assistance.
All fees are payable upon receipt of the copies requested to the person providing the copies.
All fees are payable upon registration.
All fees are payable upon reservation.
All fees are payable when submitting the booking form.
All fees are payable within fourteen days of the beginning of each term.
All fees are per day unless otherwise noted.
All fees are per day.
All fees are per debtor name, per location.
All fees are per image unless otherwise noted.
All fees are per insertion, payable at time of submission.
All fees are per item.
All fees are per month with a two month minimum.
All fees are per night - multiply cost by the number of nights to obtain a total cost.
All fees are per person and are subject to change.
All fees are per person per night.
All fees are per person.
All fees are per quarter.
All fees are per semester.
All fees are per service.
All fees are per session, per course per person.
All fees are per term, unless specified.
All fees are per year, and include server-side redirection service with full path mapping.
All fees are plus expenses.
All fees are plus travel expenses and subject to change, so please call for an exact quote.
All fees are private pay only.
All fees are provisional and are revised annually.
All fees are quite reasonable and affordable by almost anyone.
All fees are refundable if the class is cancelled by the college.
All fees are result based.
All fees are retaliatory.
All fees are simply to cover costs of operation.
All fees are still applicable.
All fees are subject to adjustment each year according to changes in the cost of living.
All fees are subject to annual change.
All fees are subject to annual review.
All fees are subject to annual revision.
All fees are subject to applicable state and local taxes.
All fees are subject to approval by the local school board of education.
All fees are subject to be discounted based on owner s ability to participate in the training.
All fees are subject to change .
All fees are subject to change after the printing of the schedule of classes.
All fees are subject to change and include state sales tax.
All fees are subject to change annually.
All fees are subject to change at any time, without notice.
All fees are subject to change at any time.
All fees are subject to change at renewal dates.
All fees are subject to change at the beginning of any semester or term.
All fees are subject to change at the beginning of any term, but students are notified in advance.
All fees are subject to change before each campus semester.
All fees are subject to change by action of the trustees.
All fees are subject to change by the appropriate Boards without notice.
All fees are subject to change due to exchange rate fluctuations.
All fees are subject to change due to unforeseen changes in the airfare ticket prices.
All fees are subject to change during the year.
All fees are subject to change for subsequent terms.
All fees are subject to change periodically due to changes in attendance and pool rent.
All fees are subject to change wihtout notice.
All fees are subject to change without advance notice.
All Fees are subject to change without noice.
All fees are subject to change without notice .
All fees are subject to change without notice and are payable in Canadian funds.
All fees are subject to change without notice and are subject to applicable state and local taxes.
All fees are subject to change without notice by the state legislature.
All fees are subject to change without notice or obligation.
All fees are subject to change without notice.
All fees are subject to change without prior notice .
All fees are subject to change without prior notice.
All fees are subject to change without prior notification.
All fees are subject to change, and are charged at the current rate at time of billing.
All fees are subject to change, call for the current rate.
All fees are subject to change. .
All fees are subject to change.
All Fees are subject to change.
All fees are subject to changes without prior notice.
All fees are subject to changes.
All fees are subject to court approval.
All fees are subject to increase each academic year.
All fees are subject to increase from year to year.
All fees are subject to legislative changes.
All fees are subject to periodic revision.
All fees are subject to possible changes.
All fees are subject to review at any time.
All fees are subject to revision without notice.
All fees are subject to revision without prior notice.
All fees are subject to sales tax.
All fees are subject to state sales tax and periodic changes.
All fees are subject to the discretion of the management.
All fees are subject to variation thereafter.
All fees are subject to variation.
All fees are tax deductible and prepayment is required.
All fees are tax deductible contributions.
All fees are tax deductible.
All fees are tax inclusive.
All fees are tax-deductable.
All fees are the buyer's responsibility.
All fees are the responsibility of the applicant Minimum requirements are based on age and gender.
All fees are the responsibility of the artist.
All fees are the responsibility of the student.
ALL fees are the responsibility of the user.
All fees are the same as for regular students.
All fees are to be paid at the membership window.
All fees are to be paid before work is performed.
All fees are to be paid by check.
All fees are to be paid by published due dates.
All fees are to be paid by the seller.
All fees are to be paid in advance at the pro shop on the west side of the restroom.
All fees are to be paid in U.S. currency only.
All fees are to be paid in U.S. currency or in Latvian Lats.
All fees are to be paid in U.S. currency.
All fees are to be paid in U.S. funds.
All fees are to be paid in United States dollars.
All fees are to be paid on arrival in Papua New Guinea.
All fees are to be paid on the day of the appointment.
All fees are to be paid prior to departure for camp .
All fees are to be paid the day of the competition.
All fees are to be paid two weeks prior to the wedding date.
All fees are to be paid when a student registers for classes.
All fees are to be shared equally regardless of the number of parties involved.
All fees are to paid by certified check, money order or by cash when paying in person.
All fees are U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice.
All fees are U.S. dollars.
All fees are very competitive.
All fees are weekly whether the child attends full time or part time.
All fees aresubject to change.
All fees associated with the processing of that check are the responsibility of the trader.
All fees associated with the purchase have to be documented.
All Fees associated with wire transfers are the responsibility of the customer.
All fees become due as soon as the case is dismissed.
All fees below are per person.
All fees can be, and usually are, paid by the seller.
All fees charged for specialty care by referral are the responsibility of the patient.
All fees collected before transfer of a case remain in the court transferring the case.
All fees come from the transaction at closing and are paid by the seller.
All fees cover administrative costs of awarding C.E. credit and usage of college facilities.
All fees cover all three days.
All fees cover the cost of the retreat.
All fees cover travel and entertainment expenses.
All fees depend on location and program desired.
All fees depend on the classes enrolled in.
All fees excl.
All fees exclude expenses which are identified separately in the service agreement.
All fees given are VAT exclusive.
All fees go to toward promotion.
All fees go toward claims payments or administrative costs.
All fees go toward scholarships.
All fees go towards the building fund, library furniture and to add to our collection of books.
All fees go towards the purchase of new CD's.
All fees go up one week prior to program.
All fees have to be paid annually in advance.
All fees have to be paid in advance, due to the fact that some dogs have been abandoned.
All fees have to be paid in Euros.
All fees included are with the each course description on the training schedule.
All fees including housing deposit and rent are payable in advance of the beginning of the term.
All fees inclusive of sales tax.
All fees incurred are still due.
All fees incurred in connection with the Web Site are non refundable.
All fees incurred in our office are due and payable at the time services are rendered.
All fees incurred in the registration process are due in full on the first day of class.
All fees listed are estimates and subject to change.
All fees listed are for Members.
All Fees listed are in addition to postage.
All fees listed are in Australian Dollars.
All fees listed are in Canadian funds.
All fees listed are per person rates.
All fees listed are per person.
All fees listed are subject to change without notice.
All fees listed are subject to change.
All fees listed below are per family.
All fees listed below are per person.
All fees listed include applicable taxes and are subject to change.
All fees listed include utilities except phone service.
All fees listed on the worksheet are estimates.
All fees mentioned are subject to change.
All fees paid are neither refundable nor transferable.
All fees paid are neither refundable or transferable.
All fees paid are non-refundable.
All fees paid are non-returnable.
All fees paid in advance of termination are non-refundable.
All fees paid to the City of Saint Louis for building permits are non-refundable.
All fees quoted are in Australian Dollars.
All fees quoted are in Canadian funds.
All fees quoted are in U.S. dollars.
All fees quoted are minimum amounts and are subject to change without notice.
All fees quoted are on a per person basis except where otherwise stated.
All fees quoted are per site, per night and are subject to change.
All fees quoted are subject to change without prior notice.
All fees quoted below are for groups of one to eight travelers as well as for larger groups.
All fees quoted refer to amounts in U.S. dollars.
All fees related to obtaining CEUs and CPEs are the responsibility of the participant.
All fees remain due according to due dates notified at registration.
All fees represent the true cost of delivering the service.
All fees require a check or money order, and each program requires a separate check or money order.
All fees shown are by day or by single use, unless otherwise indicated.
All fees stated above are inclusive.
All fees stated here are estimates only.
All fees submitted in conjunction with an application for registration are non-refundable.
All Fees vary.
Any fee assessed is refunded to violators who receive a non-guilty verdict on their appeals.
Any fee is determined between the self-employed home care provider and the client family.
Any fee remaining is paid at the second meeting.
Any fees are reasonable and can be bartered or waived, if needs be.
Any fees are the responsibility of the individual student.
Any fees are to be made in cash.
Any fees assessed are the responsibility of the student.
Any fees assessed for withdrawals are reimbursable.
Any fees associated with the collection of the debt are the responsibility of the student.
Any fees associated with transfer or delivery of funds are the responsibility of the enrollee.
Any fees being waived require pre-authorization by a supervisor and a documented reason.
Any fees charged by such an agency are the responsibility of the student.
Any fees charged for projects represent actual costs for services rendered.
Any fees incurred are the sole responsibility of the authors.
Any fees paid are illegal and go into the pockets of crooked officials.
Any fees paid are non-refundable.
Any fees paid for any given event are non-refundable.
Any fees paid for such reprints go to the original writer.
Any fees paid to that point, however, are non-refundable.
Any fees received are from the outfitter themselves.
Any fees related to development are to be paid before the building permit is granted.
Any fees required by the proctor are the responsibility of the student.
Any fees required to obtain the mortgage loan are solely the responsibility of the winner.
Any fees required to obtain the mortgage loan are solely the responsibility of winners.
Many fees are negotiable.
Many fees are the combination of several service fees.
Most fees are contingent on collection.
Most fees are for rule-breakers.
Most fees are new, and some parks have more than one fee for different activities.
Most fees are nominal.
Most fees are one percent of the salary of the office.
Some fee based, but most archived ones are open.
Some fees also vary by student major or program.
Some fees apply.
Some fees are due on arrival.
Some fees are fixed charges while others vary with the number of credits taken.
Some fees are limited.
Some fees are on a sliding scale.
Some fees are one time outlays, such as application fee, and graduation fee.
Some fees are one-time fees that are required only during the first year of membership.
Some fees are optional and are listed below.
Some fees are partially refundable according to prearranged published terms.
Some fees are quarterly, such as international student fees.
Some fees are subject to a tribunal's approval or otherwise specifically regulated.
Some fees cover all utilities and services and others cover only certain ones.
Some fees depend upon full-time status or number of credits taken.
Some fees do apply for services.
Some fees do apply.
All feeback control occurs in analog hardware.
Feeble fish move slowly through the dark water.
Feeble help is as harmful in medicine as in civil society.
Feeble times require feeble minds.
Feed additives are available for prevention and treatment of coccidiosis.
Feed additives are insecticides which are incorporated into cattle feeds.
Feed additives have very structured claims.
Feed barley is used throughout the world to feed a wide range of livestock.
Feed behavior causes problems.
Most feed behavior causes problems.
Some feed behavior is exhibited by mollusks.
Feed conversion is a heritable trait and can be selected for to a degree.
Feed conversions are generally poorer due to the grain's higher fiber content.
Feed conversions have impact.
Most feed conversions have impact.
Feed efficiencies are similar for both corn types, however.
Feed efficiency appears to be comparable to steam flaking.
Feed efficiency is a critically important topic in pork production.
Feed efficiency is a major determinant of feedlot profitability.
Feed efficiency is also a top priority.
Feed efficiency remains fairly high until heat exhaustion occurs.
Feed grain is feed
Feed grains are typi- cally used as the major source of dietary energy for all classes of swine.
Feed habits contribute to injuries.
Feed intake promotes calf growth.
Feed intake promotes growth.
All feed lines exhibit some sort of line loss, some more than others.
All feed lines supply chlorine below atmospheric pressure.
Feed lots add copper to the animals' diet.
Any feed mill is the first place to check.
Some feed mills carry only unmedicated turkey starter.
Feed pellets are acceptable as long as they are certified weed-free.
Feed pellets contain amorphous silica.
Feed pellets contain silica.
Most feed pellets contain amorphous silica.
Most feed pellets contain silica.
Feed rate is defined as the distance the tool travels during one revolution of the part.
Feed rates are fully adjustable for the aggregate, cement and water.
Most feed stores carry blank cattle ear tags which can be written on with a permanent marker.
Most feed stores carry poultry electrolyte pro biotic vitamins.
Most feed stores offer chick starter, either medicated or non medicated.
Most feed stores sell special feeds formulated for quail and other game birds.
Feed tadpoles become eat frogs.
Feed tadpoles become frogs.
Feed troughs can be full during the first day or two of the chick's life.
Feed troughs come in many shapes, sizes, and styles.
Some feed tubes have levels.
Some feed tubes vary in diameters.
Feed waterfowls create many problems.
Feed waterfowls create problems.
Feed weevils cause crop damage.
Feed weevils cause damage.
Feed weevils cause little damage.
Feed additives that allow birds to better use available nutrients can also help.
Feed additives themselves have no nutrient value.
Feed babelize a large sample of someone's writing, and watch it turn their words into nonsense.
Feed calves a normal feeding of hay and grain a few hours before they are moved to the auction.
Feed calves enough high quality colostrum soon after birth.
Feed calves low risk colostrum and milk.
Feed causes eats.
Feed comes mostly from tubers, crop residue, table scraps, and forage.
Feed cows frequently to stimulate intake and minimize heat load from digestion of a large meal.
Feed cows indoors during cold weather, when possible.
Feed determines specific band of frequencies.
Feed donkeys only in hay racks and grain containers.
Feed enters the cell at the base and is directed to the center of the membrane sample.
Feed ewes a low quality roughage diet.
Feed forages daily when available.
Feed geckos a variety of soft, preferably soft-bodied insects.
Feed is a major cost in cattle feeding.
Feed is a major cost of dairying.
Feed is a major expense of pond production costs.
Feed is a variable which also has a very powerful influence on the quality of growth rate.
Feed is a variable which has an influence on many qualities in a breeding stock rabbit.
Feed is absolutely free.
Feed is added at the rate of one pound for each cubic foot of rearing space per month.
Feed is also a general interest magazine.
Feed is always available and a small, daily admission fee is charged per person.
Feed is an important element in animal husbandry industry.
Feed is another online publication modelled after classic magazines.
Feed is automated.
Feed is available commercially.
Feed is available to give to our animals.
Feed is available, and expert leather repair can be arranged.
Feed is cheap, disease levels low and productivity high.
Feed is delivered on the first delivery of the day.
Feed is delivered using automatic feeders at least three times per day.
Feed is dispensed automatically into feed bunks.
Feed is dispensed by a trickle mechanism to each feeding point.
Feed is distributed by machines.
Feed is done for a bit.
Feed is food
Feed is food.
Feed is for the morning categories only.
Feed is from the right side only.
Feed is generally available in feed stores and pet shops.
Feed is in short supply.
Feed is kept dry and protected from varmints.
Feed is made up of grains.
Feed is measured at the beginning and end of every feeding phase.
Feed is measured by weight or volume.
Feed is mixed for different species as well.
Feed is mixed n the batch plant for each pen daily.
Feed is most often in pelleted form.
Feed is naturally available and they can sell different products from the same cow.
Feed is offered on a feed curve to match requirements of each sow.
Feed is often mixed with added nutrients for better animal health.
Feed is on condition of .
Feed is one of the major costs of producing fish.
Feed is one of the most expensive costswhen owning sheep.
Feed is parallel to the centerline of the tube.
Feed is plentiful.
Feed is provided daily.
Feed is pumped into long troughs.
Feed is pushed up to the cows as often as needed to provide constant feed availability.
Feed is regulated by body size and water temperature.
Feed is shipped in by rail from the Midwest and by tractor trailer from eastern Virginia.
Feed is spread on the mats for the first two or three days in the same manner as in the nursery.
Feed is supplied by feed companies or prepared by on-farm feed mills.
Feed is tabulated as it is received.
Feed is taken into the burrow, maybe to allow decaying to improve the digestibility.
Feed is the amount the tool advances for each revolution of the work.
Feed is the biggest cost for finishing cattle .
Feed is the greatest expense for the fur farmer.
Feed is the largest direct cost component in cow-calf production.
Feed is the major cost component in chicken production.
Feed is the major cost of animal production.
Feed is the rate at which the work moves into the cutter measured in feed per tooth revolution.
Feed kangaroos and see lovable koalas.
Feed kittens shortly after they wake up, and adult cats eight hours after they wake up.
Feed kittens two tablespoons per four ounces of body weight daily.
Feed lawns now.
Feed leads to ad rep.
Feed meets such as beef heart or fish.
Feed pets indoors if possible or remove the outdoor dishes and leftovers as soon as possible.
Feed produced on the farm is priced at opportunity cost.
Feed represents the major expense item in egg production.
Feed represents the single largest cost in farming fish.
Feed represents the single largest cost of producing milk.
Feed roses a balanced fertilizer every four to six weeks.
Feed roses a final time so plants can go dormant.
Feed roses heavily for long blooming season.
Feed roses regularly during growing season.
Feed roses twice a month annuals every ten days with foliar spray.
Feed ruminants a predominantly forage-based diet and minimize feeding concentrates.
Feed snails fruits and vegetables.
Feed snails small quantities of crushed seeds.
Feed sows correctly in lactation and gestation.
Feed sows smaller amounts two to three times per day with the heaviest feeding at evening.
Feed spinnaker out of the companionway.
Feed stored in silos or being processed also produces some odor.
Feed takes an in-depth look at the selling of the single man in Single White Product .
Feed worms a varied diet.
Feeds alone are in mixed species flocks.
Feeds are available including stock quotes and weather.
Feeds are available irradiated or non-irradiated.
Feeds are classified into groups based on their nutrient content and physical form.
Feeds are mixed with saliva in the mouth to make a moist bolus that can be easily swallowed.
Feeds are nutrient dense.
Feeds can come in from anywhere in the world.
Feeds contain nearly the entire spectrum of nutrients.
Feeds contain variable amounts of water.
Feeds cut wrapper leaves into machine along with bunches.
Feeds vary in terms of nutrient composition.
Feed usually accounts for the single largest input cost associated with beef cattle.
All feed harvested is weighed before it is stored.
All feed is checked upon arrival to assure that no outdated feed is received.
All feed is left standing for the ducks and geese.
All feed is milled on-site.
All feed is mixed according to the rules and regulations outlined in federal regulation codes.
All feed is purchased.
All feed is removed until they lose almost one third of their body weight.
All feed is valued at fair market value.
All feed is valued at market prices.
All feed is valued at market value.
All feed is weighed at the feed mill by a bonded weighmaster on certified scales.
All feeds contain fungal spores.
All feeds have higher net energy values for maintenance than for growth.
All feeds have the potential to produce chemicals which are toxic to dairy cattle.
Any feed back is appreciated.
Any feed grown in Alberta can be low in selenium.
Many feeds contain added amino acids such as lysine and methionine.
Most feed contains no animal by-products.
Most feed is purchased in bulk, eliminating tens of thousands of plastic bags per year.
Most feed used is a low pollution type.
Most feeds come in either textured or pelletted varieties and each type serves a purpose.
Most feeds have a required minimum bandwidth, a numbers of Kilobits per second, kbps.
Some feed habits cause damage.
Some feed habits cause deformities.
Some feed intake results in retention.
Some feed nematodes feed on plant roots.
Some feed nematodes feed on roots.
Some feed nematodes have structures.
Some feeds are a bit higher if more than one space is requested.
Some feeds are very poor and of little use to the animal.
Some feeds can be in more than one classification.
Some feeds can get a bit backed up in the first half-hour.
Some feeds expand after they become moistened with saliva.
Feedback amplifiers have also other benefits, such as reduced distortions of signals.
Feedback control ensures a constant room speed while people or objects are moving within the room.
Feedback control has deep roots.
Feedback control has, therefore, become an important issue in plasma processing equipment design.
Feedback control is computed once per bounce.
Feedback control is inherently multidisciplinary.
Feedback control is necessary to prevent sporulation under inappropriate conditions.
Feedback control is the most commonly used approach for control systems.
Feedback controls focus on the results of operations.
Feedback inhibition is an example of common biological control mechanism called negative feedback.
Feedback inhibition regulates the rate of glycolysis.
A feedback loop is a circuit
Feedback loops allow for additional alternatives.
Feedback loops are also very common in interfaces.
Feedback loops are an extremely important mechanism in living organisms for maintaining homeostasis.
Feedback loops are an important component of expert systems.
Feedback loops are essential.
Feedback loops are important component of systems dynamics.
Feedback loops are important.
Feedback loops can make a difference.
Feedback loops connect and enhance all of the programs.
Feedback loops go between step six and steps one and five.
Feedback loops happen at every step along the way.
Feedback loops work, but only if they're the right ones.
Some feedback loop is included in the Web page.
Feedback mechanisms are necessary to control uncertainty.
Feedback mechanisms are the general mechanisms of nervous and hormonal regulation in animals.
Feedback mechanisms come into play and tend to reduce any deviation from the balanced state.
Feedback mechanisms control cellular respiration.
Feedback mechanisms present another way to open communication channels.
Feedback mechanisms regulate biological systems.
Feedback mechanisms result in equilibrium shoreface profiles.
Some feedback mechanism needs to be devised.
Some feedback mechanisms regulate hormone secretion.
Some feedback mechanisms regulate secretion.
Feedback suppressors work with notch filters, too.
Feedback accentuates the positive, and mistakes are handled gently.
Feedback allows an individual to control and adjust their goals in a more reasonable manner.
Feedback allows automatic feedback to be presented at the end of a procedure.
Feedback allows for improvements in the techniques.
Feedback allows people to utilize their strengths to their advantage.
Feedback allows students to learn from their errors and their successes.
Feedback allows users to document missed extraction's and erroneous data extracted.
Feedback am good.
Feedback appears here.
Feedback are welcome on issues raised at the meeting .
Feedback are welcome.
Feedback assures the source or sender that a message has been received.
Feedback becomes almost instantaneous.
Feedback becomes another message.
Feedback becomes critical.
Feedback boils down to the subject matter depicted and the juxtaposition of images in the series.
Feedback can be a great motivator or a great demoralizer.
Feedback can be a substitute for leadership.
Feedback can be a touchy issue and engender a lot of jealousy.
Feedback can be a wonderful and appreciated gift.
Feedback can be an important factor for buyers and sellers.
Feedback can be anonymous.
Feedback can be as simple as changing the color on a link after it has been clicked by a user.
Feedback can be both positive and corrective.
Feedback can be either negative or positive .
Feedback can be either positive or negative.
Feedback can be either verbiage from the trainer or through bridging itself.
Feedback can be formal and informal.
Feedback can be from a variety of sources including peer and subordinate feedback.
Feedback can be in a written or verbal presentation form, or both.
Feedback can be in many forms.
Feedback can be informal or formal.
Feedback can be instantaneous, from the an entire audience or a single person.
Feedback can be interactive also.
Feedback can be interactive using communication loops on a daily, personalized news service.
Feedback can be invaluable.
Feedback can be much more useful than just marking answers incorrect or giving grades.
Feedback can be on the content of the samples, the structure of the document etc.
Feedback can be positive or corrective.
Feedback can be positive, negative, or neutral.
Feedback can be subtle as well.
Feedback can be to a plenary session or by everyone touring a display of the question papers.
Feedback can be uncomfortable at times.
Feedback can be unintentional, informal, or formal in nature.
Feedback can be verbal or nonverbal.
Feedback can be via posting, e-mail, or site guestbook.
Feedback closes loop on interaction.
Feedback comes from client comments, satisfaction surveys and service analysis forms.
Feedback comes from such things as constant testing and early releases to production.
Feedback comes in two forms.
Feedback concerning especially European resources is welcome.
Feedback concerning the evaluations is provided to preceptors in written or in verbal form.
Feedback consists of a positive, negative, or neutral rating, along with a short comment.
Feedback creates the human relationship.
Feedback cues the student when the problem is correct or needs more attention.
Feedback customarily is done by clinicians or in practice sessions with computers.
Feedback definitely alters the character of the sound.
Feedback demands collaboration and design between the different parties.
Feedback demonstrates information sharing relating to activities within the organization.
Feedback depends on context.
Feedback does more than just provide a gauge for course correction.
Feedback enables adjustments to the input.
Feedback enables researchers to control an atom's wave function.
Feedback ensures that mutual understanding has taken place in a communication.
Feedback enter opposite that field still lay brigham young cougars poster.
Feedback exists to guide writers through the rewriting process.
Feedback explains what, if any, mistakes the user has made and gives suggestions for trying again.
Feedback features the best in jam and roots music from across the nation.
Feedback focuses initially on content and organization.
Feedback fuels the flame.
Feedback gives people cues about the impacts of their behavior changes.
Feedback gives the ratee the benefit of knowing how they stand throughout the rating period.
Feedback goes back to constituents.
Feedback goes back to tell the brain that no more male hormone is needed.
Feedback goes here.
Feedback helps designs.
Feedback helps improve the design and content of the Web site.
Feedback helps in future development of the site.
Feedback helps members acknowledge differences and avoid bad decisions.
Feedback helps services.
Feedback holds up a verbal mirror of what the speaker has to say.
Feedback improves performance best when it includes comparison to a previously established goal.
Feedback includes analysis of responses and background information about the classifications used.
Feedback includes information.
Feedback includes performance information on other providers for comparison.
Feedback increases motivation and decreases stressful ambiguity.
Feedback increases motivation to do.
Feedback indicates correct responses.
Feedback indicates responses.
Feedback indicates student really enjoy it.
Feedback indicates that many people are being reached.
Feedback indicates that many people feel South Park is friendly and welcoming.
Feedback indicates that prospective students find the publications appealing.
Feedback indicates that the conference was extremely informative and useful.
Feedback indicates that the experience can enhance career prospects.
Feedback indicates that the experience gained can enhance graduate career prospects.
Feedback indicates that they re even liking it.
Feedback indicates the criteria have made their improvement efforts more systematic.
Feedback introduces the concept of follow-up which is treated In Chapter Six.
Feedback invites visitors to comment on the site.
Feedback involves choice of channel by the receiver of the original message.
Feedback is a critical part of the learning process for the student.
Feedback is a fundamental thing every musician needs.
Feedback is a gift for growth.
Feedback is a natural process present in almost all dynamic systems involving human behavior.
Feedback is a term used to describe the interactions and reactions of components within a system.
Feedback is a vehicle that can be used to submit suggestions for enhancements to our site.
Feedback is a very important part of the defect prevention process.
Feedback is a very important tool for both bidders and sellers.
Feedback is actually the keyword here, as that's what keeps people coming back for more.
Feedback is addictive.
Feedback is all, to some people.
Feedback is also an important aspect of computer based instructional programs.
Feedback is also certainly welcome.
Feedback is also extremely important in helping students to progress.
Feedback is also really helpful and the form is really short.
Feedback is also welcome.
Feedback is always a problem in live situations.
Feedback is always appreciated and helpful.
Feedback is always encouraged.
Feedback is always good.
Feedback is always great.
Feedback is always helpful.
Feedback is always important on the job and in our personal lives.
Feedback is always important.
Feedback is always interesting and useful.
Feedback is always very much appreciated.
Feedback is always welcome .
Feedback is always welcome about any products reviewed.
Feedback is always welcome and appreciated.
Feedback is always welcome and helps to improve the pages to the benefit of all visitors. .
Feedback is always welcome as usual.
Feedback is always welcome by the academic department heads.
Feedback is always welcome here .
Feedback is always welcome on how to make the site work better.
Feedback is always welcome to further improve what is offered here.
Feedback is always welcome to help keep the event moving forwards.
Feedback is always welcome, as are requests for book purchases .
Feedback is always welcome, especially additions, corrections and further accounts.
Feedback is always welcome.
Feedback Is Always Welcome.
Feedback is amazing, but it's just too much on poorly maintained city streets and country byways.
Feedback is amazingly helpful.
Feedback is an action
Feedback is answers.
Feedback is as close to immediate as possible and reliable .
Feedback is at the core of a successful program and essential to improvement.
Feedback is at the end of the page.
Feedback is automatically output for for each question.
Feedback is available for a fee.
Feedback is available.
Feedback is backs.
Feedback is bad.
Feedback is best when it comes from reality, rather than from an authority figure.
Feedback is both good and bad.
Feedback is by telephone and remote keypads.
Feedback is certainly welcome.
Feedback is clear, concise, and supportive and is in a non-threatening environment.
Feedback is collected via on-line questionnaire.
Feedback is consistently positive from students, teachers, parents and family members.
Feedback is constant and fluid such that adjustments can be made quickly and effectively.
Feedback is constructive.
Feedback is continual.
Feedback is continuous.
Feedback is correction of behavior as it goes along.
Feedback is critical to better performance.
Feedback is critical to brewers.
Feedback is critical to enriching the brain as well as building intrinsic motivation.
Feedback is critical to our success.
Feedback is critical to the learning process, especially when behaviors are being learned.
Feedback is critical.
Feedback is crucial in putting together individual programs that are appealing and useful.
Feedback is crucial to business success.
Feedback is damped, begging the driver to seek out more challenging terrain.
Feedback is data, and data are neutral.
Feedback is decent.
Feedback is decidedly mixed.
Feedback is definitely welcome, especially about proposed features.
Feedback is desirable when the batteries are low, or an operation is complete.
Feedback is different from tellback.
Feedback is divided between positive, neutral, and negative.
Feedback is divine.
Feedback is effective and non-threatening.
Feedback is either in the form of text or audio.
Feedback is either positive, neutral, or negative.
Feedback is encouraged .
Feedback is encouraged and incorporated to determine if goals and objectives are feasible.
Feedback is encouraged and promptly answered.
Feedback is encouraged and welcome.
Feedback is encouraged between students and the mathematicians.
Feedback is encouraged for guidance in choices for future meetings.
Feedback is encouraged from callers.
Feedback is encouraged in any sorts.
Feedback is encouraged in classroom sessions.
Feedback is encouraged to improve the final result.
Feedback is encouraged, please contribute to the link-collection.
Feedback is encouraged, thus the e-mail button below.
Feedback is encouraged.
Feedback is encouraging and the behaviour is reinforced.
Feedback is enjoyed immensely.
Feedback is essential and the way remarks are phrased makes a world of difference.
Feedback is essential for learning.
Feedback is essential for maintaining websites, even if it is negative.
Feedback is essential for our success.
Feedback is essential for the system to run smoothly.
Feedback is essential if the quality of a product or service is to be assessed.
Feedback is essential in a legal research class.
Feedback is essential in affecting self esteem.
Feedback is essential in learning testing.
Feedback is essential in providing an enriched environment.
Feedback is essential to continued professional growth.
Feedback is essential to developing the best resume possible.
Feedback is essential to evaluation and reflection.
Feedback is essential to facilitating performance improvements.
Feedback is essential to improving performance.
Feedback is essential to learning.
Feedback is essential to the give and take of the artistic process.
Feedback is essential to the success of any living system.
Feedback is essential, good and bad.
Feedback is essential.
Feedback is evaluated, and alloy development is further optimized.
Feedback is everything.
Feedback is excellent.
Feedback is expert and immediate.
Feedback is extremely important to Xers.
Feedback is extremely important.
Feedback is fast and accurate so management can make decisions and see results quickly.
Feedback is faster.
Feedback is feedback, even if the guitars are turned down.
Feedback is fun for all.
Feedback is fundamental to the way the web works.
Feedback is gathered weekly and monthly.
Feedback is gold.
Feedback is good - feel free to write about anything else, new, different, etc.
Feedback is good, too.
Feedback is good.
Feedback is graphic and very interactive.
Feedback is great, whether it be praise or a little criticism, it makes a person try harder.
Feedback is greatly appreciated, be it criticism or praise.
Feedback is hard because it's all over the map.
Feedback is hard to get when professors are very busy with classes and outside projects.
Feedback is hard to take.
Feedback is high, learning is rapid, and communication is maximized.
Feedback is highly encouraged.
Feedback is how they find out.
Feedback is immediate and comparisons to other respondents are available.
Feedback is immediate and has a salutary reinforcing effect on both quality and level of effort.
Feedback is immediate and of a very positive nature.
Feedback is immediate and often unflattering.
Feedback is immediate and problems are corrected.
Feedback is immediate and the principles are reviewed prior to the end of the lesson.
Feedback is immediate it s just like carrying on a conversation.
Feedback is immediate.
Feedback is immediately available at each point as the student is guided through each lesson.
Feedback is imperative in our continuous quality improvement process.
Feedback is important and is always welcome.
Feedback is important and welcomed.
Feedback is important because a lot of the new features are based on customer research.
Feedback is important in improving student achievement.
Feedback is important in order to understand one another.
Feedback is important in virtually every situation.
Feedback is important to law study.
Feedback is important, because what is good can be identified, and what is weak can be improved.
Feedback is important.
Feedback is in the form of open-ended comments and discussion with the instructor.
Feedback is in the wrong part of the loop.
Feedback is influential.
Feedback is information about current performance that can be used to improve future performance.
Feedback is information regarding performance.
Feedback is instant, so test takers learn as they go and know immediately whether they passed.
Feedback is instantaneous and obvious in the execution of the task.
Feedback is instantaneous so areas of weakness can be identified.
Feedback is just mechanical while responsibility is touching the whole person.
Feedback is just one aspect of the entire transaction.
Feedback is kept confidential.
Feedback is key for sutdents and facilitators throughout the lessons.
Feedback is king, particularly the continuous sort.
Feedback is knowledge of results.
Feedback is life-sustaining.
Feedback is like a roadmap that helps drivers reach their destinations.
Feedback is made dependent of the user typology through a user profile .
Feedback is meant to be constructive.
Feedback is monitored and the products are continually improved in response to customer feedback.
Feedback is monitored to adjust persuasive message as needed.
Feedback is more frequent, personal, and accurate.
Feedback is more immediate, gratification quicker and impact more visible.
Feedback is more important than marks.
Feedback is more than welcome.
Feedback is more useful if given soon after an event rather than if delayed.
Feedback is most effective when given regularly and often.
Feedback is most effective when people request it.
Feedback is most welcome .
Feedback is most welcome.
Feedback is much appreciated .
Feedback is much appreciated.
Feedback is natural processes.
Feedback is necessary for growth and smart executives are embracing the value it has to offer.
Feedback is necessary for improvement.
Feedback is necessary to the stand-up comedian.
Feedback is necessary.
Feedback is neeeded.
Feedback is nice.
Feedback is now a thing of the past thanks to our special design that eliminates acoustic feedback.
Feedback is now continuous.
Feedback is now mandatory for all senior NCOs beginning immediately.
Feedback is often a good way to improve a service.
Feedback is often difficult to hear.
Feedback is one more arrow that points to the right direction.
Feedback is one of the best ways to quickly build trust in an auction site.
Feedback is one of the main concerns of cybernetics .
Feedback is one possibility.
Feedback is one thing.
Feedback is one way such joint causation can be accomplished.
Feedback is only feedback if there is a chance at correction.
Feedback is only one reason for keeping a journal.
Feedback is only the last component on the communication cycle.
Feedback is ordinarily most useful for learners when it is immediate.
Feedback is payback.
Feedback is phenomenal.
Feedback is positive and effective.
Feedback is positive and forthcoming.
Feedback is positive and instructive.
Feedback is positive and specific and includes a follow-up meeting with the evaluator.
Feedback is positive when it's in phase with the input, and negative when it's out of phase.
Feedback is positive.
Feedback is possible and desirable.
Feedback is possible at any step.
Feedback is provided by a progress dialog which can optionally be cancelled.
Feedback is provided within two days.
Feedback is received daily from the public.
Feedback is regular and can be instant.
Feedback is replaced by violin squawking.
Feedback is reviewed and discussed at monthly departmental meetings.
Feedback is reviewed, discussed, and published.
Feedback is self-generated information which is either deviation amplifying or deviation reducing.
Feedback is self-generated.
Feedback is separate from the automated non-paying bidder enforcement system.
Feedback is shared amongst colleagues.
Feedback is simple and immediate.
Feedback is so encouraging.
Feedback is so helpful.
Feedback is sought for final guidelines.
Feedback is sought from all members and interested parties on the costs and factors involved.
Feedback is sought from many sources including peers and subordinates.
Feedback is sought from the co-ops.
Feedback is sought from the participants both at the end of the training and later on the work site.
Feedback is sought from tutors for the review of courses and programmes.
Feedback is sought on the working groups findings.
Feedback is sought on whether the different treatment under current law is justified.
Feedback is specific, timely and includes both praise and constructive criticism of performance.
Feedback is still a part of the process.
Feedback is still most welcome.
Feedback is still possible without having to be subscribed to the list.
Feedback is subtle.
Feedback is such an important part of any self-development program.
Feedback is taken from an optical encoder.
Feedback is that it is being used by an ever-increasing number of community members.
Feedback is therapeutic for everyone.
Feedback is through rotary and linear encoders.
Feedback is timely, and assignments are focused.
Feedback is to be given to participants.
Feedback is to be given to the leader immediately following the class that is observed.
Feedback is to the point and job related.
Feedback is ubiquitous.
Feedback is useful in identifying which is the test sequence.
Feedback is useless without rankings.
Feedback is usually immediate.
Feedback is usually informational.
Feedback is valuable in providing a user-friendly environment for all users.
Feedback is value-neutral.
Feedback is very beneficial in making our future programs more successful.
Feedback is very hard-hitting and critical.
Feedback is very helpful.
Feedback is very important for the company.
Feedback is very important in learning to become more assertive.
Feedback is very important in the beginning stage to open up a writer's potential.
Feedback is very important to a trainer.
Feedback is very important.
Feedback is very much appreciated.
Feedback is very much wanted.
Feedback is very positive.
Feedback is very vital to our organization.
Feedback is very welcome and helpful.
Feedback is very welcome.
Feedback is vital but it can be disruptive in some situations.
Feedback is vital for followers.
Feedback is vital, and our casino hosts are constantly talking to customers about their preferences.
Feedback is vitally important.
Feedback is warmly welcome.
Feedback is weak and ineffective.
Feedback is welcome . . .
Feedback is welcome .
Feedback is welcome along with suggestions for future newsletter content.
Feedback is welcome and appreciated.
Feedback is welcome and encouraged, as always.
Feedback is welcome and encouraged.
Feedback is welcome and English children can send e-mail to their new French friends.
Feedback is welcome and highly encouraged.
Feedback is welcome and valuable.
Feedback is welcome as are suggestions for improvement.
Feedback is welcome as the page is constantly under development.
Feedback is welcome as well.
Feedback is welcome at webmaster .
Feedback is welcome by E-mail.
Feedback is welcome here also.
Feedback is welcome in most cases.
Feedback is welcome in several arenas, including structure, coprehensiveness, and accuracy.
Feedback is welcome on both the software and future priorities for improvements.
Feedback is welcome on content and structure.
Feedback is welcome on queue structures.
Feedback is welcome through the guest book .
Feedback is welcome via e-mail and a guestbook.
Feedback is welcome, and suggestions for ease of use are particularly welcome.
Feedback is welcome, any error report is precious.
Feedback is welcome, as are corrections and any filling in of blanks.
Feedback is welcome, as usual.
Feedback is welcome, either by email or guestbook .
Feedback is welcome, particularly in regard to the names in the list.
Feedback is welcome, preferably to the linux-ipsec mailing list, located at .
Feedback is welcome. .
Feedback is welcome.
Feedback Is Welcome.
Feedback is welcomed and appreciated.
Feedback is welcomed and encouraged.
Feedback is welcomed everywhere but on stage .
Feedback is welcomed on the issues raised here.
Feedback is welcomed please.
Feedback is welcomed to help determine the quality of services.
Feedback is welcomed, and the unrestricted version can be purchased using a bank transfer.
Feedback is welcomed. .
Feedback is welcomed.
Feedback is what causes people to alter their behavior and produce different results.
Feedback is what makes kids learn.
Feedback isa process.
Feedback leads to knowledge of the actual results of the work activities.
Feedback meets several underlying personal needs for caseworkers.
Feedback needs script.
Feedback needs to be balanced and fair to keep students motivated to continue learning.
Feedback needs to be checked for clear understanding.
Feedback needs to be nasty and sting when it has to.
Feedback occurs in three stages.
Feedback occurs when a microphone is placed very near a speaker.
Feedback occurs when the response to a stimulus has an effect of some kind on the original stimulus.
Feedback offers advice.
Feedback offers developers many advantages.
Feedback only takes a minute.
Feedback plays that role.
Feedback pops up in text field.
Feedback produced in each increment is used for project management and process improvement.
Feedback produces growth.
Feedback provided in the study groups is often more in-depth and detailed.
Feedback provides a second chance, if the seller is willing to take it.
Feedback provides confidence and ability to take corrective action.
Feedback provides conflicts of resources and tasks.
Feedback provides opportunities for professional and personal development and growth.
Feedback provides some form of information on the network, whether the information is old or new.
Feedback provides type and direction of error.
Feedback ranges from positive to ecstatic.
Feedback reaches the producers of the programmes and is used in planning new programmes.
Feedback regarding appropriate diagnosis and management is given.
Feedback regarding grades is provided instantly.
Feedback regarding possible programs or activities is always welcome.
Feedback regarding potential improvements is always welcome.
Feedback regarding program direction and implementation is consistent.
Feedback regarding service is always appreciated and helpful.
Feedback regarding the newsletter is encouraged.
Feedback remains anonymous.
Feedback removes a unit's energy and does damage to that unit equal to the amount of energy removed.
Feedback seems to have become a guilt issue.
Feedback shows that the exercise has been effective.
Feedback shows what some of our previous visitors have said.
Feedback starts early and comes often.
Feedback stays with an article when it moves into the archives.
Feedback still abounds, but less starkly.
Feedback still seems to be a very scary thing for members to provide each other.
Feedback suggests that Australia leads the world in providing high-quality information for women.
Feedback suggests that good mentoring is vital to the success of the whole endeavor.
Feedback suggests that the best materials are tough poly or metal fencing.
Feedback suggests that the conference was a great success.
Feedback suggests that voice activation is the only way to go.
Feedback supports movement toward fitness.
Feedback takes many forms.
Feedback takes the form of a congratulatory graphic and sound.
Feedback takes the form of stars or numbers next to a person's name.
Feedback takes various forms.
Feedback tells the user what has happened, or at least that something has happened.
Feedback tends to be a weak point.
Feedback truly is a two- way street for successful communications.
Feedback truly is a two-way street for successful communications.
Feedbacks are changes in temperature or rainfall that in turn create changes in vegetation.
Feedbacks are outside changes to a process, such as global warming.
Feedbacks are welcome from consumers.
Feedbacks are welcome.
Feedbacks are what determine thresholds, where one mode flips into another.
Feedbacks can either increase or decrease the pace at which some change occurs.
Feedbacks feed back upon feedbacks, which is why climate modelling is so difficult.
Feedback always welcome.
All feedback can be anonymous, of course.
All feedback comes from actual experiences that users have had with each other.
All feedback given by parents is considered very carefully.
All feedback is anonymous .
All feedback is anonymous unless contact information is provided above.
All feedback is anonymous, so please, be honest.
All feedback is anonymous.
All feedback is appreciated .
All feedback is appreciated and welcome.
All feedback is appreciated.
All feedback is collected in a viewable database online through secure password protected Web pages.
All feedback is confidential.
All feedback is considered private.
All feedback is encouraged.
All feedback is encouraging.
All feedback is extremely welcome.
All feedback is good.
All feedback is most welcome.
All feedback is much appreciated.
All feedback is read by a member of our staff.
All feedback is read by real people.
All feedback is recorded in their profile.
All feedback is respected and acted on.
All feedback is reviewed.
All feedback is shared with the staff.
All feedback is strongly encouraged and much appreciated by the instructor.
All feedback is taken seriously and thoroughly evaluated.
All feedback is useful, and updates are scheduled for release annually.
All feedback is useful.
All feedback is valuable.
All feedback is valued.
All feedback is very appreciated.
ALL feedback is very important and appreciated.
All feedback is very welcome.
All feedback is welcome - see the comments page .
All feedback is welcome .
All feedback is welcome and appreciated.
All feedback is welcome and encouraged.
All feedback is welcome including bug reports and enhancement requests.
All feedback is welcome send e-mail.
All feedback is welcome via return mail.
All feedback is welcome, good or bad.
All feedback is welcome, so feel free to contact our webmaster about the site and it's content.
All feedback is welcome.
All feedback is welcomed and appreciated.
All feedback is welcomed.
All feedback loops on.
All feedback submitted here is routed to management and is kept confidential.
All feedbacks are welcome and appreciated.
All feedbacks are welcome.
Any feedback are welcome.
Any feedback concerning content, corrections etc is very welcome.
Any feedback informing about bugs and suggestions are most welcome.
Any feedback is always useful.
Any feedback is always very very welcome.
Any feedback is always welcome.
Any feedback is appreciated.
Any feedback is better than obscurity.
Any feedback is encouraged.
Any feedback is good, it shows that someone is reading it.
Any feedback is great, the newsgroup is available .
Any feedback is happily pre-thanked for.
Any feedback is helpful.
Any feedback is more than welcome.
Any feedback is most welcome.
Any feedback is much appreciated.
Any feedback is of course very welcome.
Any feedback is still welcome.
Any feedback is useful.
Any feedback is very welcome.
Any feedback is welcome .
Any feedback is welcome as well.
Any feedback is welcome to the webmaster .
Any feedback is welcome, including that regarding design, content, etc.
Any feedback is welcome, simply use the address above.
Any feedback is welcome.
Any feedback is welcomed. .
Any feedback is welcomed.
Any feedback is, however, always welcome.
Any feedback regarding broken links, missing images, questions, comments, etc. is appreciated.
Any feedback related to the accessibility is welcome.
Any feedback submitted becomes the property of asserta home.
Any feedbacks are very much welcome.
Any feedbacks are welcome.
Every feedback is valuable.
Every feedback is welcome.
More feedback is available after the completion of all the exercises within a given task.
More feedback is required from the site.
More feedback is welcome.
Most feedback comes during office hours or at the live review sessions.
Most feedback helps designs.
Most feedback helps services.
Most feedback includes information.
Most feedback indicates correct responses.
Most feedback indicates responses.
Most feedback is actually quite good.
Most feedback is positive.
Most feedback offers advice.
Some feedback involves clouds.
Some feedback is always welcome.
Some feedback is currently available.
Feeder birds enjoy oil seeds.
Feeder birds enjoy seeds.
Feeder cattle approx.
Feeder cattle weigh pounds.
Some feeder cattle possess minimum qualifications.
Feeder insects include crickets.
Feeder roots develop at bases.
A feeder is a domestic animal
Feeder isa animal.
Feeder isa beast.
Feeder isa creature.
Feeders also provide a great chance for some fun experiments.
Feeders are a supplement to their diet.
Feeders are all self agitating.
Feeders are also a source of food for squirrels and field mice.
Feeders are animals.
Feeders are branchs.
Feeders are devices.
Feeders are domestic animals.
Feeders are especially attractive to birds in northern areas in the winter when food is scarce.
Feeders are especially good for fall.
Feeders are in place, now comes the control house.
Feeders are in.
Feeders are never as effective as food plots but they can help.
Feeders are on one side of the court and the hitters line up near the mid court on the other side.
Feeders are to be changed every two weeks or as needed.
Feeders are usually fence line, arranged on the outsides of the pens.
Feeders are very pleased with Montana calves, as they do well in the Nebraska climate.
Feeders are weatherproof, windproof, coonproof and hog proof.
Feeders attack plants.
Feeders attract a variety of birds in all seasons.
Feeders attract finches.
Feeders attract hummingbirds.
Feeders attract jays.
Feeders attract kinds.
Feeders attract songbirds.
Feeders can be as simple as a tray with seed in it, or very fancy with seating for a dozen or more.
Feeders can become last sanctuaries for sick and injured birds.
Feeders can supplement natural food sources.
Feeders come in all different sizes, shapes, styles, colors, and compositions.
Feeders come in all flavors.
Feeders consume bacteria.
Feeders consume dead animal matter.
Feeders consume matter.
Feeders contain food.
Feeders Draw the interconnect wiring between the service entrance and branch circuits.
Feeders eat algas.
Feeders eat grass.
Feeders eat prey.
Feeders feature heavy-duty diecast top, bases and seed ports.
Feeders feed on prey.
Feeders get food.
Feeders have (part) brains.
Feeders have (part) cell membranes.
Feeders have (part) cells.
Feeders have (part) corpi.
Feeders have (part) cytoplasm.
Feeders have (part) ears.
Feeders have (part) faces.
Feeders have (part) heads.
Feeders have (part) nuclei.
Feeders have (part) plasma membranes.
Feeders have (part) sections.
Feeders have (part) skulls.
Feeders have (part) vacuoles.
Feeders have only minutes to decide on the take it or leave it offers by the big packers.
Feeders have perches.
Feeders have ranges.
Feeders have senses.
Feeders have tentacles.
Feeders include sharks.
Feeders include whales.
Feeders ingest food.
Feeders ingest materials.
Feeders ingest plant materials.
Feeders live in environments.
Feeders live in marine environments.
Feeders provide meals.
Feeders range from simple projects to advanced challenges.
Feeders really pull in the birds here.
Feeders serve a variety and the forest echoes with many more.
Feeders Take time to inspect each feeder and repair any damage.
Feeders use methods.
Feeders use mouthparts.
Feeders wait for prey.
All feeders are to wear a glove on one hand while feding a student.
All feeders come assembled and ready to use.
All feeders come fully assembled.
Many feeders feel our size is ideal and the most efficient.
Many feeders incorporate counterbalance levers or other means to close access to seed ports.
Most feeders attack plants.
Most feeders attract finches.
Most feeders attract hummingbirds.
Most feeders attract jays.
Most feeders attract kinds.
Most feeders attract songbirds.
Most feeders consume bacteria.
Most feeders consume dead animal matter.
Most feeders consume matter.
Most feeders contain food.
Most feeders eat algas.
Most feeders eat grass.
Most feeders eat prey.
Most feeders feed on prey.
Most feeders get food.
Most feeders have bright colors that attract hummingbirds.
Most feeders have perches.
Most feeders have ranges.
Most feeders have senses.
Most feeders have tentacles.
Most feeders ingest food.
Most feeders ingest materials.
Most feeders ingest plant materials.
Most feeders live in environments.
Most feeders live in marine environments.
Most feeders provide meals.
Most feeders use methods.
Most feeders use mouthparts.
Most feeders wait for prey.
Some feeders are near edges.
Some feeders attract birds.
Some feeders attract goldfinches.
Some feeders attract rodents.
Some feeders attract squirrels.
Some feeders become pests.
Some feeders come equipped with seed catchers.
Some feeders consume ants.
Some feeders consume fish.
Some feeders consume insect larvae.
Some feeders consume larvae.
Some feeders consume millipedes.
Some feeders consume other insect larvae.
Some feeders consume plankton.
Some feeders consume shrimp.
Some feeders consume small fish.
Some feeders contribute to survival.
Some feeders eat animals.
Some feeders eat diets.
Some feeders eat flowers.
Some feeders eat fruit.
Some feeders eat fungi.
Some feeders eat larvae.
Some feeders eat meat.
Some feeders eat mollusks.
Some feeders eat octopi.
Some feeders eat phytoplankton.
Some feeders eat plankton.
Some feeders eat shrimp.
Some feeders eat zooplankton.
Some feeders feed butterflies.
Some feeders feed on animals.
Some feeders feed on meat.
Some feeders find food.
Some feeders have a mechanism that closes when anything heavier than a bird lands on it to eat.
Some feeders have beaks.
Some feeders have diets.
Some feeders have entrance holes which require birds to enter the feeder to get at the meal worms.
Some feeders have entrance holes.
Some feeders have holes.
Some feeders have limited adjustment ranges.
Some feeders have long beaks.
Some feeders have long thin beaks.
Some feeders have ports.
Some feeders have sides.
Some feeders have thin beaks.
Some feeders have wood.
Some feeders hold suet, or animal fat, that is appealing to many woodpecker species.
Some feeders identify pets.
Some feeders ingest particles.
Some feeders ingest sand.
Some feeders invade homes.
Some feeders live in water.
Some feeders look like wire cages, which hold the pre-formed suet cakes.
Some feeders occur in areas.
Some feeders occur in other areas.
Some feeders prey on fish.
Some feeders prey on small fish.
Some feeders pump water.
Some feeders remove particles.
Some feeders seek mollusks.
Some feeders spread diseases.
Some feeders swim through water.
Some feeders transmit diseases.
Some feeders use different strategies.
Some feeders use jaws.
Some feeders use strategies.
Some feeders use strong jaws.
Some feeders use upper jaws.
Feedforward control is suggested as a proactive system that uncovers problems.
Feedforward nets are a subset of the class of nonlinear regression and discrimination models.
Feeding is provision.
Feedline radiation is at an all-time minimum.
A feedlot is a building
Feedlot finishing diets are high in grain and low in fiber.
Feedlot pens for feeding large groups of adult sheep.
Feedlot Permits to regulate feedlots in Minnesota.
Feedlots are a major cause of in water.
Feedlots are buildings.
Feedlots are large confinements for animals to be fed and fattened in one site.
Feedlots can participate too.
Feedlots can post performance information and buying needs.
Feedlots can range in size, shape and geographic location.
Feedlots continue to market cattle as quickly as possible to stay ahead of falling prices.
Feedlots remain current for market ready cattle.
Feedlots remain fairly current.
Feedlots remain very current in their marketing.
Feedlots use different mixtures of feed, different ways of giving the cattle water.
Many feedlots use high energy receiving rations for calves shipped from Florida.
Some feedlots charge yardage, others mark up feed.
Some feedlots have a worse problem with abscesses than others.
Some feedlots only have a problem with toe abscesses after rains have washed the cushion away.
A feedstock is a raw material
Feedstocks are ethane, propane, naphtha, gas oil.
Feedstocks are irrelevant once the proper composting matrix is created.
Feedstocks are raw materials.
Feedstocks are the materials used to produce compost.
Feedstocks are then injection molded, just like plastics.
Feedstocks can include potato skins and corn.
Feedstocks comprise a substantial share of the industrial energy consumption.
Feedwater supply is an important part of steam generation.
Feel is awareness.
Feel is companies.
Feels silky soft and smooth on the skin and super lightweight for hiking.
Some feel compelled to take action, others say there is no problem.
A feeler is a tentacle
Feeler isa body part.
Feelers appreciate sensitivity.
Feelers are appendages.
Feelers are chatty and seem to manage their time to suit others' needs.
Feelers are emotional, adventurous, and their decisions are based upon their feelings.
Feelers are interested in what others feel.
Feelers are the thinkers' psychological opposites.
Feelers have (part) corpi.
Feelers make decisions based on their internal value system.
Feelers make decisions based primarily on their personal values and how they feel about the choices.
Feelers make decisions subjectively, based on personal values and attitudes.
Feelers tend to be warm, concerned about other's feelings, and eager for harmony.
Feelers tend to trust their gut feeling when making a decision.
Feeling also means feeling the pulse.
Feeling becomes emotion because it can be communicated.
Feeling becomes re-educated.
Feeling can also be a reaction.
Feeling can be dangerous.
Feeling can be pleasant or unpleasant, and thus categorize our entire field of experience.
Feeling can be self-seeking, manipulating, or lovingly selfless.
Feeling can be self-seeking, mutual sympathetic, or empathetically selfless.
Feeling can be unfrozen and released from chronically tense muscle areas.
Feeling can give knowledge no more than can excitement.
Feeling can lie.
Feeling can wipe out memory.
Feeling comes alive.
Feeling commits one to an object and an action toward the object.
Feeling creates thought, which gives meaning to the event.
Feeling cut off from our friends, especially our Christian friends, can be painful.
Feeling falls into a feedback loop which can no longer discern origin or intensity of feeling.
Feeling feels invalidated.
Feeling fulfilled in marriage is critical.
Feeling goes with dance.
Feeling has a low frequency, it is slow and deep.
Feeling included gives people a greater sense of commitment to the organization.
Feeling is .
Feeling is a clingable phenomenon.
Feeling is a different and equally valid way of approaching and organizing experience.
Feeling is a state
Feeling is about the awareness of an affect and is an ability to appreciate and comprehend.
Feeling is an action.
Feeling is an organ of knowledge.
Feeling is at the basis of everything.
Feeling is based on the rhythmic processes of breathing and the circulation of the blood.
Feeling is concomitant with life.
Feeling is dead.
Feeling is defined as the sensations that register in the body, like warm, cold, pressure etc.
Feeling is empathy.
Feeling is essential to the health of human beings.
Feeling is first.
Feeling is fuzzy.
Feeling is good intuitive, empathic, and nurturing.
Feeling is good.
Feeling is healing, and talking about feelings can be a powerful antidote for depression.
Feeling is light and easy.
Feeling is love.
Feeling is more important than discernment.
Feeling is mutual.
Feeling is no criterion.
Feeling is non-linear.
Feeling is notoriously an unsure guide to the humanity of others.
Feeling is pure experience, it is the bridge between mind and body.
Feeling is that breaching closed session breaches oath of office and is a misconduct in office.
Feeling is the autonomous, qualitative evaluation by the psyche of the experience.
Feeling is the awareness through physical sensations.
Feeling is the basic plasma of all beings.
Feeling is the capacity of our mind that is most closely related to the body.
Feeling is the common human denominator.
Feeling is the essence of the contact.
Feeling is the function associated with experiencing pleasure or unpleasantness.
Feeling is the heart of life.
Feeling is the key to all simu lation games.
Feeling is the key to getting over it.
Feeling is the key to prayer.
Feeling is the language of the soul .
Feeling is the language of the soul.
Feeling is the means whereby, in the first instance, concepts gain concrete life .
Feeling is the most refined aspect of individual existence.
Feeling is the outcome of contact between the senses and objects.
Feeling is the predominant state of mind.
Feeling is the union of the two.
Feeling is thought through first, then imbedded.
Feeling is water.
Feeling is well preserved.
Feeling is what creates.
Feeling is where actor's talent lies.
Feeling isa state.
Feeling makes the difference.
Feeling means that a person, as a rule, makes a decision basing on emotions.
Feeling produces identification with the subject.
Feeling pulled between an on-campus group and a local church is a completely different issue.
Feeling seem to be over just seconds after they start.
Feeling takes care that playful pokes and pranks do no harm to the victim.
Feeling understood by another individual is one of the most effective ways of creating change.
Feeling understood is the only way an adult can be validated.
Feeling uses the eye to eat shapes.
Feeling valued at work can be more important than high pay.
Feelings abound and the characterizations make both dragonling and hero very real.
Feelings affect thinking and learning.
Feelings also come in stereo with actions.
Feelings also influence the personality of the person and can make people happy or unhappy.
Feelings also perform many other valuable services as well.
Feelings appears every other week .
Feelings appears every other week.
Feelings appears every two weeks.
Feelings are .
Feelings are a common endowment of our human nature.
Feelings are a common ground for relating and communicating with others.
Feelings are a no-no, and thoughts are too nebulous to understand.
Feelings are a normal process.
Feelings are a way to express the wave of one's mind.
Feelings are a weakness.
Feelings are about communication and acceptance.
Feelings are all.
Feelings are also signals to act .
Feelings are also very deceiving.
Feelings are always valid and real.
Feelings are an integral part of relationships.
Feelings are an integral part of the human experience.
Feelings are an interesting experience today.
Feelings are another matter.
Feelings are apt to be inhibited.
Feelings are as important as facts .
Feelings are by their very nature very amorphous.
Feelings are by-products.
Feelings are changeable variables that have little relevance in decision-making on the job.
Feelings Are Clues Divide the class into small groups to complete the student page.
Feelings are complex and communicated in many ways.
Feelings are contagious.
Feelings are deceptive capricious vulnerable.
Feelings are deep, sensuous, intuitive, with a generally good disposition.
Feelings are different from person to person.
Feelings are different today.
Feelings are echoes rising from the depths of our souls.
Feelings are energy.
Feelings are entirely different from thoughts.
Feelings are erratic and unreliable.
Feelings are everywhere, be gentle.
Feelings are everywhere.
Feelings are explored, hopes and fears aired, questions asked and answered.
Feelings are facts .
Feelings are facts.
Feelings are feelings.
Feelings are fickle.
Feelings are flimsy, feelings fizzle and, finally, feelings fade.
Feelings are foremost now.
Feelings are generally the most neglected area.
Feelings are good and useful, but can lead to a roller coaster ride as temptations arise.
Feelings are good to have.
Feelings are good.
Feelings are great advisors, but poor masters.
Feelings are guides to interpretations.
Feelings are high in what is fast becoming a gospel range war.
Feelings are high.
Feelings are illusory and often fleeting.
Feelings are important and are integrated, but they come and go.
Feelings are important because they engage the reader's sense of self.
Feelings are important clues to the condition of our mental health.
Feelings are important clues to the condition of people's mental health.
Feelings are important in language.
Feelings are important to every person s emotional and spiritual growth.
Feelings are important, and usually do come.
Feelings are important.
Feelings are intact.
Feelings are intense now because great healing is underway.
Feelings are internal because they happen inside of a person 's body .
Feelings are internal because they happen inside of a person's body.
Feelings are internal states, but overt behaviors are used to communicate feelings to others.
Feelings are just as important as behavior.
Feelings are just as real as facts.
Feelings are just feelings.
Feelings are like magnets.
Feelings are mixed among Maui County seniors about their lost time and activities.
Feelings are mixed.
Feelings are more difficult to change and more general.
Feelings are more important than facts when introducing young children to the world of nature.
Feelings are more important than the events and circumstances that are responsible for the feelings.
Feelings are more important than the rule of law or the facts.
Feelings are more important than volcanic eruptions.
Feelings are most important also.
Feelings are neither good nor bad.
Feelings are neither good or bad they just are.
Feelings are neither good or bad.
Feelings are neither right nor wrong, good nor bad, they just are.
Feelings are neither right nor wrong.
Feelings are neither right or wrong, good or bad.
Feelings are never bad, wrong, or unacceptable, but some behavior is.
Feelings are never good or bad.
Feelings are no substitute for faith, nor is affection a substitute for the truth.
Feelings are non-negotiable.
Feelings are normal.
Feelings are obsolete.
Feelings are often an indicator that there is a problem.
Feelings are often deep and passionate.
Feelings are okay.
Feelings are only feelings if they are felt.
Feelings are only feelings.
Feelings are our emotional responses to information, truth and experiences.
Feelings are our most guarded treasure.
Feelings are our true makeup.
Feelings are physical, and so the changes are sensed in the body.
Feelings are pleasureable.
Feelings are powerful and can be used to create either positive or negative scenarios.
Feelings are powerful but vague.
Feelings are powerful forces.
Feelings are powerful.
Feelings are pretty raw.
Feelings are primary for children.
Feelings are pure expressions.
Feelings are purely private also.
Feelings are pushes or pulls on the fabric of being.
Feelings are raw.
Feelings are reactions to beliefs.
Feelings are real - but sometimes behavior needs to redirected.
Feelings are real in sports and important when motivating a team.
Feelings are real.
Feelings are relevant and historians risk hypocrisy by denying it outright.
Feelings are risky substitute for the truth .
Feelings are risky substitute for the truth.
Feelings are sacred.
Feelings are sensitivity.
Feelings are so difficult to get a grasp of sometimes.
Feelings are so important.
Feelings are sometimes difficult to discover - and often even more difficult to acknowledge.
Feelings are sometimes difficult to discover and often even more difficult to acknowledge.
Feelings are spontaneous, involuntary responses to situations.
Feelings are spontaneous-neither good nor bad.
Feelings are springboards for creative swandives.
Feelings are still a bit raw.
Feelings are still feelings and perspectives are still perspectives.
Feelings are still genuine.
Feelings are strong and change quickly.
Feelings are strong and sensitive and can express through poetic and dramatic arts.
Feelings are subject to every wind of chance and change, from politics to digestion.
Feelings are subjective and difficult to measure empirically.
Feelings are subjective emotional states.
Feelings are symbolic of the meaning of human life.
Feelings are tangible, coherent, existing and paramount to their holders.
Feelings are tenacious and tend to cling to attachments.
Feelings are tender.
Feelings are the basic recognition of our morality.
Feelings are the best indicator of what people value.
Feelings are the common denominator in communication.
Feelings are the fastest way to the person's heart.
Feelings are the full range of affective states that an individual can experience.
Feelings are the language of the Higher Self.
Feelings are the language of the spirit.
Feelings are the messengers of the intuition.
Feelings are the opposite of faith.
Feelings are the part of the iceberg that is hidden under the water.
Feelings are the scourge of worship.
Feelings are the shape changers of the regressive world.
Feelings are the standard for truth.
Feelings are the strongest and most effective of the four behavioral components.
Feelings are the theme of the cup cards.
Feelings are the tools by which people communicate with one another.
Feelings are the truest guide to understanding a dream's meaning.
Feelings are their first language.
Feelings are therefore in general both bodily experienced and ethical, moral, or legal.
Feelings are to be nurtured and cherished.
Feelings are too fickle and unpredictable to put that burden on another person.
Feelings are undependable.
Feelings are unexplored.
Feelings are up and down and all around.
Feelings are useless, actions are what counts.
Feelings are value-neutral, neither good nor bad, simply there .
Feelings are very delusive.
Feelings are very hard for young children to control.
Feelings are very important.
Feelings are very near to the surface.
Feelings are very powerful and can make a significant difference in how criticism is taken.
Feelings are very powerful.
Feelings are what disturb the mind.
Feelings are what matters.
Feelings arise and pass away.
Feelings arise and subside, heart remains.
Feelings become exaggerated and often morale is worsened.
Feelings become like tidal waves along the seashore, always causing havoc.
Feelings become more intense both and off the stage.
Feelings become thoughts, thoughts become ideas and ideas become words.
Feelings become tools to be used, instead of objects of terror.
Feelings being turn off and on.
Feelings call for expression, temper for suppression.
Feelings can also be a method.
Feelings can be as idolatrous as speech.
Feelings can be elusive.
Feelings can be hard to know.
Feelings can be problematic when in excess, in deficit, or distorted or inappropriate.
Feelings can be the main reason a person enters psychotherapy.
Feelings can change from one minute to the next.
Feelings can easily change.
Feelings can get hurt when it comes to household responsibilities as well.
Feelings can manifest themselves as sicknesses.
Feelings can range from anger, frustration, fear, shame and guilt to numbness.
Feelings can range from pleasurable release to momentary discomfort.
Feelings can stimulate, mediate and reinforce thoughts and behaviour.
Feelings change as situations and conditions change.
Feelings change from day to day.
Feelings change from happy to sad, from joy to anger.
Feelings change from happy to sad, joy to anger.
Feelings change like the weather.
Feelings come and feelings go, And feelings are deceiving.
Feelings come and feelings go.
Feelings come and go like the tides.
Feelings come and go too.
Feelings come and go.
Feelings come back so strong.
Feelings come from a very structurally complex area of the brain known as the limbic system.
Feelings come from inside.
Feelings come from thoughts.
Feelings come from within and are shaped through language.
Feelings come full blast.
Feelings come with no tangible evidence to plead their case.
Feelings come with writing the dairy.
Feelings come, feelings go, and feelings are deceiving.
Feelings come, feelings go.
Feelings comes immediately to mind.
Feelings Contains a unit full of ideas to help children label, communicate, and understand feelings.
Feelings count in the spiritual life.
Feelings count too.
Feelings covers matters like admiration and respect.
Feelings crystallize into ideas, which in the fullness of time produce a result.
Feelings define one moment from the next.
Feelings depend on behaviors and behaviors can be changed.
Feelings deserve attention and validation.
Feelings determine both the quality and quantity of one's learning.
Feelings direct our behaviour.
Feelings do fit into the picture.
Feelings do that.
Feelings exist, that's undeniable.
Feelings experience the inner signals, as opposed to the outer signals of senses.
Feelings expressed by sexually abused children are often many and various.
Feelings follow actions.
Feelings follow right after.
Feelings follow thoughts and actions.
Feelings get in the way of getting the job done.
Feelings go assumed and unidentified.
Feelings go sour when life turns sour.
Feelings go talk to a shrink.
Feelings gradually emerge.
Feelings guide stories.
Feelings Has trouble talking about feelings, especially anger.
Feelings have a biochemical basis.
Feelings have a way of becoming much stronger and more convincing than thinking.
Feelings have a way of coming out, often nonverbally.
Feelings have beginings, middles, and ends.
Feelings have no logic on their own.
Feelings have no place in a logical decision.
Feelings have nothing to do with it.
Feelings have to be shared, diplomatically.
Feelings help children to pay attention to their loss.
Feelings here run high.
Feelings imply conflict.
Feelings is intuition.
Feelings is states.
Feelings just are.
Feelings just happen, they are natural.
Feelings keep the thoughts alive, encourage more thoughts, and gets the body moving.
Feelings lie and deceive.
Feelings like to be free, open, and expansive.
Feelings make sex matter.
Feelings make themselves known like layers of water at different temperatures.
Feelings make very poor judges.
Feelings matter more than behavior.
Feelings never die, and love never compromises an existing relationship between two people in love.
Feelings permit superficial demands along political lines and analysis along nonsensical ones.
Feelings play a large part in accessing spiritual knowledge.
Feelings play right into mind talk.
Feelings produce actions.
Feelings provide insight, energy, and are the real basis for almost every decision.
Feelings range from anguish to an overwhelming numbness.
Feelings range from fear, anger, exhaustion, resentment, grief, and shame to thankfulness and joy.
Feelings range from mild doubt to incoherent paranoia.
Feelings range from rage and anger, to compassion for victims.
Feelings range from way up to way down and some in between.
Feelings react to what one thinks.
Feelings really are important.
Feelings reign above external moral authority.
Feelings remain mixed about what to do and nothing has been decided.
Feelings represent the indirect link.
Feelings result from our interactions in life.
Feelings result in concerns.
Feelings run deep among survivors of the unsung casualties.
Feelings run deep, and loyalties are strong.
Feelings run deep.
Feelings run high and are sincere all across the spectrum of beliefs.
Feelings run high on both sides.
Feelings run high when there's money to be had.
Feelings run high whenever the feasibility of lava barriers is discussed.
Feelings run high, and so does intuition and comforting.
Feelings run high.
Feelings run rampant.
Feelings run strong on declawing, and there are several different camps.
Feelings run the gamut, from horror to overwhelming grief and shock.
Feelings run very high on the subject.
Feelings seem blunted.
Feelings seem real but are a dream caused by ego.
Feelings seem to be what is real about experience.
Feelings shown are more important that the words used.
Feelings still run deep, a quarter century later.
Feelings substitute for principles.
Feelings surrounding death mean something different for every child in the classroom.
Feelings take telling.
Feelings tend to be cool and detached but are honest and steady even if odd.
Feelings tend to be more changeable.
Feelings tend to become more of a problem when they occur with limited awareness.
Feelings tend to travel together, just like people do.
Feelings transcend the limitations of thought, the limitations of living life in the mind.
Feelings unite with consolidation.
Feelings vary from the dark illusions to the expressive life-force.
Feelings vary with circumstances.
Feelings walks the viewer from village to holding pen to the actual ship.
Feelings win out because the assumptions used to create the numbers can always be challenged.
Feelings work in Europe .
Feelings work in Europe.
Feelings always show through, but that is good.
Feelings often influence people when they seem relevant to and inform the task at hand.
Feelings often interfere with thinking, trust and imagination.
Feelings sometimes are inaccurate.
Feelings usually leak out Feelings usually find a way to express themselves, however.
All feeling is there, just little movement.
All feeling is yoked to whatever particular things are evoked.
All feelings are authentic and valid and deserve respect.
All feelings are good - fear, pain, sadness, joy and anger.
All feelings are good.
All feelings are OK to show.
All feelings are part of the healing process.
All feelings are valid and acceptable.
All feelings are valid for the discussion.
All feelings arise in awareness.
All feelings occurring in incomplete phases of concrescence are unique in their function.
All feelings pass, good, bad and indifferent.
Every feeling has to be touchable and open to exposure.
Many feeling beside fail that nine after peace had except none auto finance.
Many feeling beside fail that nine after peace had except none auto insurance rates.
Many feelings experienced by marijuana users are subjective in nature.
Much feeling is manifested by citizens, as the proof of their crime was conclusive. . . .
Some feeling leave only questions in their wake.
Some feelings are difficult to express.
Some feelings are never unlearned.
Some feelings are pleasant, while others are unpleasant.
Some feelings are very hard to share directly.
Some feelings can be signs of stress too.
Some feelings can be, too.
Some feelings cover or come from other feelings.
Some feelings just don t have words.
Feely Bags Create a feely bag from a paper sandwich bag or an old sock.
Feestelijk performers are our neighbors.
FEI rider specializes in developg.
Feijoa fruit have a distinctive smell .
Feijoa fruit have a distinctive smell.
Feild mice live in grass or bushes.
A feint is a move
Feint means to fake out.
A feist is a cur
Feist does a good job in letting the reader know the back story.
Feist is relentlessly upbeat and rosy.
FELA claim remains.
Feldman book ch.
Feldspar crystals are stubby prisms, generally white to gray and a glassy luster . .
Feldspar crystals are stubby prisms, generally white to gray and a glassy luster .
Feldspar crystals are stubby prisms, generally white, gray, or pink. .
Feldspar crystals are stubby prisms, often pink to white.
Feldspar deposits possess large reserves of natural high purity sodium feldspar.
A feldspar is a spar
Feldspar isa mineral.
Feldspars act as a flux to melt the silica into a licquid glass.
Feldspars also contain potassium which is a major nutrient for plant growth.
Feldspars also occur in the silt-sized fraction of most mudstones, but in very small amounts.
Feldspars are aluminum-rich silicate minerals that are very common in rocks like granite.
Feldspars are minerals.
Feldspars are mostly orthoclase and microcline with very little plagioclase.
Feldspars are normally light-colored, including pink, white, tan, gray or green.
Feldspars are relatively scarce, whereas quartz, muscovite, chert, and rock fragments are abundant.
Feldspars are spars.
Feldspars are the most abundant minerals in the earth s crust.
Feldspars are the most abundant minerals in the Earth's crust.
Feldspars are the most common minerals in the Earth's crust.
Feldspars are the most common of all minerals.
Feldspars are the most commonly observed minerals in soils that are twinned.
Feldspars are the principal components of igneous rocks.
Feldspars are usually colorless in thin section, have low relief and lack pleochroism.
Feldspars are, in general, the most abundant minerals that occur in igneous rocks.
Feldspars can show interesting optical effects, but labradorite is the most splendid.
Feldspars change to clay, metals dissolve in water.
Feldspars contain silica, alumina , and fluxes.
Feldspars have particularly interesting effects with light.
Feldspars range in color from clear white or gray to shades of blue, green, or pink.
Feldspars show both a grain-shape fabric and biotite, a pervasive foliation.
Feldspars turn out to be the most common minerals in the Earth's crust.
Feldspars weather progressively to kaolinite and amphiboles to smectite.
Feldspars weather to yield a large part of the clay found in soils.
All feldspars contain alumina and silica.
All feldspars have two cleavage directions.
Felicitation is expression
Felicitations is half a block further on the left.
Felicitations pour ce site.
Felicitations pour le site.
Felicitations pour votre site.
Felicity conditions refer to the situational appropriateness of an utterance.
Felicity certainly rides an emotional roller coaster.
Felicity does it.
Felicity eliminates drudgery .
Felicity goes from being sick as a dog to finding one on the street.
Felicity happens to move into the house next door.
Felicity has good litterbox habits and is about a year old.
Felicity has two flatmates likely to be able to help at the registration tables.
Felicity is a moving speaker and avid campaigner against the sanctions on Iraq.
Felicity is a real show that deals with real everyday situations.
Felicity is a very likeable character that everyone can relate to.
Felicity is a young, spunky colonial girl.
Felicity is back.
Felicity is based here in Boston as well.
Felicity is from Australia and is going to be out of town for a few weeks.
Felicity is one of Australia's leading country performers.
Felicity is only one of several appealing main characters on the show.
Felicity is quality
Felicity is smart, dangerous, absolutely ravishing, and has a way with the sexy one liner.
Felicity is such a great show and everything.
Felicity is upset when random gunfire interrupts a perfectly good party.
Felicity now has a younger sibling.
Felicity performs as a mermaid.
Felicity says that's up to the knitters.
Felicity speaks into a tape recorder, then sends tapes to a distant, older friend.
Felicity tends to be more open about it.
Felicity wants to be more to Ian than just a brood mare.
A felid is a carnivore
Felids have large eyes with binocular color vision.
Felidae cats are well known for their grooming , which they usually do by licking themselves .
Felidae cats are well known for their grooming, which they usually do by licking themselves.
Feline acne is a keratin disorder similar to acne in humans.
Feline acne is usually treatable by topical treatment only.
Feline anal glands secrete substances.
Feline cardiomyopathies are of several kinds.
Feline carnivores feed on prey.
Most feline carnivores feed on prey.
Some feline creatures live in rainforests.
Some feline diseases are preventable.
Many feline disorders are accompanied by diarrhea and foul smelling stools.
Feline distemper is rare in ferrets and usually only affects very young kits.
Feline epilepsy is rare, so many vets are unfamiliar with it.
Feline herpes is one of the most common upper respiratory infections in cats.
Feline herpeses lead to infection.
Feline hyperthyroidism causes thyrotoxicosis and is usually seen in cats over six years of age.
Feline hyperthyroidism is a systemic disorder caused by excessive thyroid hormone.
Feline hyperthyroidism is currently the most commonly diagnosed endocrine disease of the cat.
Feline hypothyroidism is rare in cats, though hyper thyroidism is much more common.
Feline intercourse is often very painful for the female.
Feline leukemia begins with infection of the mouth tissues.
Feline leukemia is a serious viral disease transmitted by exchange of bodily fluids between cats.
Feline leukemia is caused by a retrovirus that only infects members of the feline family.
Feline leukemia is highly contagious.
Feline leukemia is incurable, contagious from cat to cat and usually fatal.
Feline leukemia is transmitted by direct contact with another cat.
Feline leukemia is viral infection.
Feline magic works even behind bars .
Feline overpopulation means the kitten has little chance of finding a home.
Feline predators hunt at nights.
Most feline predators hunt at nights.
Some feline viruses infect cats.
Feline vision is about ten times less acute than that of humans.
Feline worms are usually parasitic organisms such as tapeworms, hookworms and roundworms.
A feline is a carnivore
Feline isa mammal.
Felines are carnivores.
Felines are excellent at mastering languages.
Felines are naturally sexyand the great cats are no exception.
Felines are nothing compared with women.
Felines are terrestrial organisms.
Felines are the strictest of carnivores.
Felines are wonderful creatures .
Felines have (part) brains.
Felines have (part) breasts.
Felines have (part) cell membranes.
Felines have (part) cells.
Felines have (part) chest cavities.
Felines have (part) chests.
Felines have (part) corpi.
Felines have (part) cytoplasm.
Felines have (part) ears.
Felines have (part) faces.
Felines have (part) heads.
Felines have (part) nuclei.
Felines have (part) pads.
Felines have (part) paws.
Felines have (part) piluses.
Felines have (part) plasma membranes.
Felines have (part) rib cages.
Felines have (part) sections.
Felines have (part) skulls.
Felines have (part) sterna.
Felines have (part) vacuoles.
Felines have a naturally pH acidic system.
Felines kill thier prey with a chokehold bite to the neck.
Felines require less time and expense than most other pets, including dogs.
Felines specialize in sunbeam reconnaissance.
Many felines also stand on their rear legs, for example, when using scratching posts.
Many felines have green eyes.
Most felines have no trouble going in the litter box.
Most felines retain their playful nature, even in their later years.
Some felines are fastidious, just like their owners.
Fell ponies graze peacefully above deep, uninhabited valleys.
Fell trees serve purposes.
A fell is killing
Fells are respectable jumpers and savvy trail mounts.
Most Fells are solid black, though browns, bays and grays are occassionally seen.
A fella is a male
Fellas get ready to take notes.
Fellas get themselves into.
Fellas just say no quiero.
Some fellas are still as full of piss and vinegar as ever.
A feller is a laborer
Feller pulls off on the front-straight.
Fellers is also impressed.
Fellers soon gets a new and exciting job commanding an ammunition dump in Kansas.
Fellow collectors share information.
Fellow herbivores consume plants.
Fellow rescuers have experience.
A fellow is a male
Fellow isa individual.
Fellow isa person.
Fellow isa somebody.
Fellow isa someone.
Fellows acquire specific skills in cellular, biochemical and molecular genetic techniques.
Fellows actively participate in a number of clinical rounds.
Fellows actively participate in adequacy checks of pathology, pulmonary and radiology aspirates.
Fellows actively participate in all high-risk patient management of the combined obstetric services.
Fellows actively participate in ongoing research and initiate studies of their own.
Fellows actively participate in ongoing research.
Fellows address critical problems facing the world in the areas of wealth creation and distribution.
Fellows also assist in the performance of neurointerventional procedures.
Fellows also assist in writing of grant proposals or write their own proposals, with support.
Fellows also attend and participate in a variety of interdepartmental conferences.
Fellows also attend language training classes and participate in tours and field trips.
Fellows also attend professional conferences in their disciplines.
Fellows also attend selected conferences.
Fellows also attend seminars and educational programs and meet prominent government officials.
Fellows also conduct clinical research in areas related to geriatrics.
Fellows also conduct research, writing, and curriculum development.
Fellows also consider the philosophical heritage of Western science.
Fellows also design and engage in weekly seminars and dinner discussions.
Fellows also develop research projects and teach medical students and residents.
Fellows also develop strong technical skills and learn research design and execution.
Fellows also develop superior competence in all aspects of neural blockade.
Fellows also enhance their education by enrolling in courses related to their research interests.
Fellows also enhance their experience in preparing and using large data bases.
Fellows also enroll in a master's degree program in the college.
Fellows also enter the program with more-realistic expectations of the job.
Fellows also follow a small group of chronic hemodialysis patients throughout the training program.
Fellows also get the chance to visit many federal agencies.
Fellows also go on some rotations there.
Fellows also have access to basic science laboratories.
Fellows also have access to support for travel to conferences or for other professional activities.
Fellows also have opportunities for additional training in sleep medicine and lung transplantation.
Fellows also have secretarial assistance and computer access.
Fellows also have small budgets for travel and for materials.
Fellows also have supervision in a variety of formats.
Fellows also have the opportunity to partake in specialized seminars.
Fellows also meet together for seminars with state leaders.
Fellows also participate in a two-month practical internship at the end of the academic program.
Fellows also participate in academic activities with adult neurology.
Fellows also participate in all on-going clinical trials .
Fellows also participate in brown bag lunches with agency heads and commissioners.
Fellows also participate in resident teaching and research.
Fellows also participate in the geriatrics clinic each week.
Fellows also perform whenever possible on Festival concerts.
Fellows also present a paper at the annual conference.
Fellows also receive a trip to Washington, D.C., to attend a five-day summer teacher institute.
Fellows also receive a variety of additional expense reimbursements.
Fellows also receive academic guidance and financial support.
Fellows also receive formal instruction in the principles and techniques of fundraising.
Fellows also receive intensive faculty advising on the development of their research projects.
Fellows also receive remission of tuition of up to twelve credits per semester in the academic year.
Fellows also receive support for travel to conferences, archives, and museum.
Fellows also receive training in ethical and responsible conduct in research.
Fellows also receive training in out-patient nephrology practice .
Fellows also receive travel funds to participate in certain scientific meetings.
Fellows also review research and publication proposals and manuscripts in their areas of expertise.
Fellows also rotate through the bone marrow transplant service.
Fellows also rotate through the family risk assessment and genetic counseling program.
Fellows also see referral patients with the faculty in the hepatology and faculty practice clinics.
Fellows also serve as teachers and role models for the residents and medical students.
Fellows also spend a week in Sacramento and learn firsthand about the workings of state government.
Fellows also study botanical medicine, homeopathy, and naturopathy.
Fellows also submit quarterly reports through which they assess their professional growth.
Fellows also teach medical students at clinical and classroom sites.
Fellows also work with the fellowship's writing coach.
Fellows apply to FARE by submitting an abstract of their current research.
Fellows are also committed to participate in follow-on activities after returning home.
Fellows are also directly involved in caring for hospitalized patients on the arrhythmia service.
Fellows are among the most accomplished and productive senior faculty.
Fellows are an integral part of our divisional activities.
Fellows are available to speak and to help in school and community efforts.
Fellows are available to speak to branch groups.
Fellows are citizens of the United States.
Fellows are competitively chosen undergraduates who help students develop their writing skills.
Fellows are distinguished individuals within the medical and biological engineering community.
Fellows are eligible for a maximum of two years of fellowship support.
Fellows are eligible for a maximum of two years of support.
Fellows are eligible for appointment as arbitrator.
Fellows are eligible for federal employees' health and life insurance programs.
Fellows are eligible for other awards at all times.
Fellows are eligible for pediatrics, medicine, or surgery rotations.
Fellows are eligible for two years of support.
Fellows are eligible to compete for dissertation support in the fifth year.
Fellows are eligible to defer payments on student loans during the eleven-month program.
Fellows are expectedto be capable of handling varied assignments, both technical and non-technical.
Fellows are free to determine and locate their own housing.
Fellows are free to take on additional assistantships during the summer.
Fellows are from a variety of stakeholder groups.
Fellows are full-time students.
Fellows are in front of an orchestra five days a week.
Fellows are in residence on the campus for eight weeks in the summer.
Fellows are limited to five percent of the total membership.
Fellows are limited to no more than four hours of clinical or research-related work per week.
Fellows are members.
Fellows are men.
Fellows are mid-level city government staff who have chosen public service as their profession.
Fellows are nursing leaders in education, management, practice and research.
Fellows are part of couples.
Fellows are persons who wish to pursue serious scholarly work.
Fellows are professionals with true substance.
Fellows are ready to back the packpacks with school supplies.
Fellows are regular presenters at weekly didactic lectures.
Fellows are responsible for arranging their own housing and transportation.
Fellows are responsible for organizing and providing training circles.
Fellows are responsible for performance of all endoscopic procedures on their patients.
Fellows are responsible for securing living arrangements for the fellowship.
Fellows are responsible for securing their own housing accommodations and health insurance.
Fellows are responsible for the balance of their fees.
Fellows are responsible for their own car and health insurance.
Fellows are responsible for their own housing and living expenses.
Fellows are responsible for their own housing expenses and for locating their own housing .
Fellows are responsible for their own housing, living expenses, and any other costs.
Fellows are responsible for their own relocation and housing expenses.
Fellows are responsible for their own salary support from sabbatical, grant, or other sources.
Fellows are responsible for their own support.
Fellows are responsible for their own transportation to and from Greece.
Fellows are responsible for their own travel and living expenses.
Fellows are responsible for their own travel arrangements, expenses and housing.
Fellows are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
Fellows are responsible for their own travel, housing and other associated expenses.
Fellows are second year students chosen by lottery.
Fellows are singletons.
Fellows are subject to a subsequent service agreement.
Fellows are subject to performance evaluations at the end of each six-month placement.
Fellows are the best and the brightest.
Fellows are the exhibiting members of the society.
Fellows are the first to see all patients, acute, routine and emergency.
Fellows are ultimately responsible for their own housing arrangements.
Fellows are welcome to bring their family, but at their own expense.
Fellows are welcome to join at any time.
Fellows are welcome to participate in the intellectual life of the institute.
Fellows are welcome to pursue existing research projects or to design their own.
Fellows arrive one week prior to the beginning of classes for an orientation program.
Fellows assist the faculty in supervising and teaching residents.
Fellows assume a variety of teaching, training, consulting and assistance roles.
Fellows attend a four-week summer graduate seminar on the Constitution.
Fellows attend a seven week summer institute after the junior year.
Fellows attend and participate in endocrine conferences and formal pediatric conferences.
Fellows attend and present seminars and are paid for their laboratory work.
Fellows attend four additional national trainings throughout the year.
Fellows attend meetings.
Fellows attend national conferences for training and networking.
Fellows attend one professional conference during the year.
Fellows attend programs at NPSC member institutions.
Fellows attend regular student-faculty receptions and informal lunch meetings.
Fellows attend seminars and special lectures.
Fellows attend university courses in administration and management.
Fellows attend various other plastic surgical division functions.
Fellows become firmly grounded in clinical neuroradiology and optimal patient care.
Fellows become proficient in placement of acute vascular access and renal biopsy.
Fellows begin with misdemeanor cases and later move on to felony appointments.
Fellows benefit from a large and diverse caseload reflecting a wide range of medical specialties.
Fellows bring a lot of enthusiasm, dedication, and skill to their work.
Fellows build excellent primary care research skills in a productive learning environment.
Fellows can apply independently, or as mathematics-science partners.
Fellows can be predoctoral students working on their dissertation, junior or even senior faculty.
Fellows can choose to arrange their own housing.
Fellows can compete for a second year of funding.
Fellows can draw on their own experience and background.
Fellows can expect support in the form of supervision, equipment and supplies.
Fellows can maintain small family practice during training.
Fellows can participate in clinical and basic research performed within the institution.
Fellows can participate in one of the following research efforts.
Fellows can participate in the selection and planning of the next years fellows and activities.
Fellows can receive affiliation and office space with some financial support.
Fellows can respond to an unfavorable evaluation.
Fellows can take on any assistantships they like during the summer.
Fellows can utilize a graduate assistant for back-up.
Fellows carpool together to cover transportation to and from work.
Fellows choose a faculty member to serve as committee chair and to supervise the project.
Fellows choose their own placement in specific committee and personal staff offices.
Fellows choose which group to participate in based on their individual needs and interests.
Fellows come from all academic disciplines, careers and ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds.
Fellows come from all ages, academic disciplines, careers and ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Fellows come from diverse Jewish backgrounds and experiences.
Fellows commit additional time for class projects after the seminar year.
Fellows commit to full-time, regular office hours during the entire course of the fellowship.
Fellows commit to summer field work and an analytical project in the following academic year.
Fellows complete a summer internship and work part-time during their second year.
Fellows conduct independent research with support from a faculty mentor.
Fellows conduct research in human rights policy issues and meet interested students.
Fellows continue to follow their patients in the outpatient setting.
Fellows continue to lead their organizations during their fellowship.
Fellows contribute in other significant ways.
Fellows contribute to the host paper by working as general assignment reporters.
Fellows contribute towards the cost of the elected coverage through payroll deductions.
Fellows cover the service for one week at a time, including the weekend.
Fellows create their own flexible schedules in collaboration with faculty.
Fellows create their own public interest projects before coming to the program.
Fellows deal with problems.
Fellows develop and pursue research interests under the supervision of faculty preceptors.
Fellows develop and regularly refine learning contracts in collaboration with mentors.
Fellows develop clinical, teaching, and research skills in geriatric medicine.
Fellows develop research skills by focusing on organizational issues.
Fellows develop strong mentor relationships with their academic advisers.
Fellows develop their own projects in discussion with the principal investigators.
Fellows develop their skills and knowledge related to instruction.
Fellows devote an additional five hours to preparation and regular meetings and seminars.
Fellows devote one year to clinical work, followed by a year of research.
Fellows devote the majority of their time to clinical and laboratory research.
Fellows devote their time to formal study and some aspect of practice.
Fellows discuss an article or group of articles with active participation by faculty.
Fellows discuss and vote for ideas to be developed into collaborative projects.
Fellows discuss selected topics in cardiac hemodynamics.
Fellows draw from diverse interests to build sound solutions for Michigan s future.
Fellows earn college credit for the semester and receive a stipend.
Fellows engage in a variety of projects and attend courses, discussion groups, and seminars.
Fellows engage in action learning projects that address a problem within their own organizations.
Fellows engage in assessments.
Fellows engage in research and some teaching and clinical activities.
Fellows enjoy internships, publicity, beta testing and systems integration assistance.
Fellows enjoy two years of protected research time with carefully selected and committed mentors.
Fellows establish a working relationship with a Berlin-area institution pertinent to their project.
Fellows evaluate each learning and training session.
Fellows evaluate thoracic surgical patients with the attending thoracic surgeon.
Fellows explore such techniques as quantitative, institutional, bioethical and social analyses.
Fellows express to students and colleagues their enthusiasm and caring about teaching.
Fellows find the exhilarating teaching environments they desire.
Fellows focus on their personal leadership development.
Fellows gain hands-on experience at the federal level in the public policy area of their choice.
Fellows gain knowledge from scholars and policy professionals in formal lecture settings.
Fellows gain valuable experience in institute administration throughout the program.
Fellows gather monthly to discuss their projects, their aims, and their methods.
Fellows get their research training in one or more of the laboratories of our faculty.
Fellows give presentations on various aspects of education as part of weekly seminars.
Fellows graduate as consultants in pain medicine.
Fellows have (part) arms.
Fellows have (part) body substances.
Fellows have (part) cell membranes.
Fellows have (part) cells.
Fellows have (part) corpi.
Fellows have (part) cytoplasm.
Fellows have (part) heads.
Fellows have (part) legs.
Fellows have (part) necks.
Fellows have (part) nuclei.
Fellows have (part) personality.
Fellows have (part) plasma membranes.
Fellows have (part) sections.
Fellows have (part) vacuoles.
Fellows have a continuity clinic where they see patients with staff supervision.
Fellows have access to faculty members and to Berlin's broader intellectual community.
Fellows have ample opportunity to acquire expertise in all nephrologic procedures.
Fellows have an asterisk next to their names.
Fellows have an equal opportunity to foster interest in geriatrics among students.
Fellows have both clinical and research responsibilities.
Fellows have clinical assignments tailored to their educational needs.
Fellows have complete responsibility for one course in each semester of the award year.
Fellows have departmental assignments in addition to ongoing course work.
Fellows have full voting rights and have the privilege of the floor at general meetings.
Fellows have no formal associations with foreign universities.
Fellows have no operating room anesthesiology duties nor call.
Fellows have no teaching or other duties.
Fellows have offices in the general psychiatry clinic and see private outpatients there.
Fellows have primary clinical responsibility for liver, pancreas, and kidney transplant recipients.
Fellows have rotations on the inpatient consult service and at the outpatient clinics.
Fellows have the chance to see another part of the country.
Fellows have the opportunity for intensive involvement in the divisional research activities.
Fellows have the opportunity to engage in a discussion with presenters.
Fellows have the opportunity to interview with several agencies before receiving a final placement.
Fellows have the opportunity to join into ongoing research.
Fellows have the opportunity to participate in field trips, seminars, and other academic activities.
Fellows have the opportunity to teach in supervised classrooms and on their own.
Fellows have the opportunity to work alongside some of the top policymakers in state government.
Fellows have the opportunity to work in the laboratories of the full-time members of the division.
Fellows have the option of three different fellowship tracks.
Fellows have the option to participate in the meeting and make presentations to the group.
Fellows have the option, with approval, for a fourth and occasionally a fifth year of training.
Fellows have the same voting rights and eligibility for international office as members.
Fellows have training opportunities in five program settings.
Fellows have two years to complete their degree.
Fellows help run two clinics and weekly conferences.
Fellows identify and prioritize current educational issues for study during the year.
Fellows incur their own moving costs, and provide their own housing.
Fellows interact with conservation research scientists and aquarium staff.
Fellows know never to disturb one another without permission.
Fellows learn about the legislative process and share the relevance of their sociological expertise.
Fellows learn critical care patient management, research and administration.
Fellows learn more about writing and about tutoring in class.
Fellows learn to apply concepts of experimental design and cellular physiology.
Fellows lend support to students in a single residence hall.
Fellows longitudinally follow their own patients in continuity clinics over the course of the year.
Fellows maintain a continuity clinic throughout the three year training program.
Fellows maintain a one-half day continuity clinic for the three years of their fellowship clinic.
Fellows maintain a weekly journal to both record and reflect upon the impact of their experience.
Fellows maintain the same rights, privileges, and responsibilities of Members.
Fellows manage patients with a wide variety of primary brain and spinal cord insults.
Fellows meet annually in Washington, DC for a program orientation.
Fellows meet on a monthly basis and travel nationally to study practices of related organizations.
Fellows meet others that have lived through or are going through the process.
Fellows meet regularly while pursing individual study.
Fellows meet regularly with faculty to outline goals and assess research progress.
Fellows meet regularly with members of an advising or mentoring team.
Fellows meet with a member of the infectious disease faculty.
Fellows move through the program in a cohort group.
Fellows normally receive a stipend for full-time study toward a Ph.D. plus tuition and fees.
Fellows normally stay for between one month and three months.
Fellows observe arthroscopy and surgical procedures during their rotation in Orthopedics.
Fellows obtain extensive training in transesophageal echocardiography.
Fellows offer practical insight to establishing and operating education programs.
Fellows ordinarily begin their programs during the year of the grant.
Fellows oversee residents in that area and are assigned related conferences.
Fellows participate fully in the section's clinical activities.
Fellows participate in a final seminar and present their community service projects.
Fellows participate in an academic program, including coursework and seminars.
Fellows participate in clinical studies often leading to publication or meeting presentation.
Fellows participate in department and interdepartmental conferences.
Fellows participate in four fellowship training seminars in Budapest over the course of the year.
Fellows participate in most staff activities.
Fellows participate in multi-disciplinary workshops upon completion of their field research.
Fellows participate in numerous teaching conferences in both departments.
Fellows participate in regular required and optional development activities.
Fellows participate in research seminars, conferences, and journal clubs.
Fellows participate in seminars, workshops, meetings, clinical practice, and complete project work.
Fellows participate in significant research projects with laboratory professionals.
Fellows participate in the care of all patients in the unit.
Fellows participate in the management of emergent and critically ill patients undergoing treatments.
Fellows participate in the preoperative, intra-operative and postoperative management of patients.
Fellows participate in the scheduled conferences.
Fellows participate in the service, teaching and research activities of the cytology division.
Fellows participate in the training program both as students and teachers.
Fellows participate in two conferences per week devoted solely to the hand fellowship program.
Fellows participate in two half day continuation follow-up clinic per week.
Fellows participate with weekly attendance and annual grand rounds presentation.
Fellows pay for housing through payroll deduction.
Fellows pay for the meeting from their grants.
Fellows pay no tuition or fees.
Fellows pay their own student fees and fees for textbooks used in their courses.
Fellows pay their tuition from their stipend.
Fellows perform exceptional teaching duties and engage in peer review and mentoring of faculty.
Fellows perform in much the same way as regular staff members.
Fellows perform procedures on their patients with the assistance of a faculty member.
Fellows perform procedures with close staff supervision.
Fellows plan the remaining six months of research and practice in accordance with their interests.
Fellows plan the remaining six months of research and practice in accordance with thier interests.
Fellows play an active role in designing their own agendas.
Fellows practice professional skills before venturing into the job market or grad school.
Fellows present the results of their research at a national symposium.
Fellows present the results of their research at the research conferences.
Fellows present their ongoing work at a weekly fellowship research conference.
Fellows present their research to other invited experts and policy makers at the symposium.
Fellows present their research, with topics chosen for their general relevance to all the members.
Fellows proceed through the program in cohorts, taking classes together and meeting regularly.
Fellows propose their own projects when they apply.
Fellows provide consultations for rheumatologic disorders as requested.
Fellows provide continuity of care for their patients.
Fellows provide emergent comprehensive services, and follow patients until resolution.
Fellows provide feedback concerning all aspects of the fellowship program.
Fellows provide practical insight in establishing and operating education programs.
Fellows provide services.
Fellows pursue a wide range of activities, depending on their interests.
Fellows pursue degree study and teach eight hours of Arabic per week.
Fellows pursue degree study and teach eight hours of English per week.
Fellows pursue the academic and internship components concurrently.
Fellows pursue their interests through coursework, writing, research and joint projects.
Fellows pursue their research wherever necessary to complete their projects.
Fellows receive a certificate of completion after each year of training.
Fellows receive a certificate upon successful completion of the program.
Fellows receive a competitive stipend plus full medical and dental coverage.
Fellows receive a fixed annual stipend.
Fellows receive a monthly stipend, funds for software purchase, and a travel allowance.
Fellows receive a monthly stipend.
Fellows receive a salary and benefits like other government employees.
Fellows receive a semester fellowship for a portion of their tuition.
Fellows receive a stipend and are considered to be in training status.
Fellows receive a stipend and college credit.
Fellows receive a stipend and office space, and are encouraged to share ideas.
Fellows receive a stipend as well as office, computer, and support services.
Fellows receive a stipend during their training and design programs to meet their individual needs.
Fellows receive a stipend for their participation.
Fellows receive a stipend, all travel costs, health insurance, and housing assistance.
Fellows receive a stipend, housing allowance, office, research assistance and other resources.
Fellows receive a stipend, office, and provision for other expenses.
Fellows receive a stipend, partial tuition support, and travel funds.
Fellows receive a summer stipend to prepare the seminar and recruit students.
Fellows receive a tuition waiver.
Fellows receive a weekly stipend and travel expenses.
Fellows receive additional training in stroke scales and outcome measures.
Fellows receive an annual monetary stipend as well as other benefits.
Fellows receive an annual stipend and full tuition.
Fellows receive an annual stipend plus research support and some other expenses.
Fellows receive an annual stipend, plus travel expenses for conferences and reporting.
Fellows receive an office, library privileges, and a research allowance.
Fellows receive assistance with the conduct and funding of various research projects.
Fellows receive free tuition plus a stipend to offset living expenses in New York City .
Fellows receive full conference registration and a small stipend.
Fellows receive full tuition and a living expenses stipend.
Fellows receive full tuition and a living-expenses stipend.
Fellows receive full tuition and stipend support annually.
Fellows receive health, dental, and vision benefits.
Fellows receive increasing levels of responsibility commensurate with level of performance.
Fellows receive instruction in yoga, meditation, and guided imagery.
Fellows receive intensive support and professional development for two years after graduation.
Fellows receive library privileges, an office at the institute, and secretarial support.
Fellows receive minimum stipends plus full tuition.
Fellows receive more specialized training and function in a more independent capacity than interns.
Fellows receive office space and access to libraries and other scholarly resources.
Fellows receive scholarships plus stipends for housing and tuition for graduate school.
Fellows receive some training and funding to complete a master's degree program.
Fellows receive stipends and health insurance.
Fellows receive stipends for tuition and living expenses.
Fellows receive the awards for a minimum of three years.
Fellows receive the same basic fringe benefits as faculty.
Fellows receive the same stipend and tuition remission as graduate teaching assistants.
Fellows receive training in civil law affecting the elderly, the disabled and the indigent.
Fellows receive tuition waivers only.
Fellows receive two free hours of extended reference work per fiscal year.
Fellows receive two weeks of annual leave and two weeks of sick leave.
Fellows receive two years of stipend support, including travel for conferences.
Fellows recieve the same stipend and tuition remission as graduate teaching assistants.
Fellows reflect the composition of the frontline workforce in New York.
Fellows represent business, journalism, public service, and other professions.
Fellows reside at the institute for a period of up to ten months.
Fellows reside at the school where they pursue independent projects for up to one year.
Fellows reside during their placement in their host island community.
Fellows reside in Princeton during the academic year.
Fellows reside in the newly remodeled Honors dorm.
Fellows rotate through all four teaching facilities.
Fellows rotate through all news divisions in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States.
Fellows round every morning with the attending physician and the housestaff team.
Fellows see established cardiology patients as well as new consult clinic patients.
Fellows see patients under the supervision of a staff physician.
Fellows select a complementary discipline in addition to their degree-granting field.
Fellows select a research mentor in their first year.
Fellows select either the basic science research track to the clinical epidemiology track.
Fellows serve as full time professional staff in Judicial branch offices.
Fellows serve as interns either on their home campuses or at host campuses.
Fellows serve as junior faculty members for one academic year.
Fellows serve as resources for teachers in science and mathematics instruction.
Fellows serve as resources for the students.
Fellows serve as the primary operators on all cases, with faculty supervision.
Fellows serve as ushers at concerts, assist on stage crews, and help in the office.
Fellows serve in perpetuity.
Fellows serve one year on the staff of a senator, representative or congressional committee.
Fellows serve one year on the staff of a senator, representative, or congressional committee.
Fellows serve their term on the staff of a senator, representative, or congressional committee.
Fellows show interest.
Fellows spend a substantial part of the program covering news for their home organizations.
Fellows spend almost a year in Albany.
Fellows spend an academic year studying and working with U.S. experts in similar fields.
Fellows spend four months on the clinical cardiology services.
Fellows spend four weeks at the center's headquarters in Budapest.
Fellows spend part of their second year undertaking basic science or clinical research.
Fellows spend the year as full collaborators with faculty in the activities described below.
Fellows spend two years in clinical training and one or more years in clinical or basic research.
Fellows study for a full semester in London and do an internship in a British school.
Fellows submit a report on their findings, which occasionally are published.
Fellows submit monthly report.
Fellows supervise inhalation challenge and exercise tests.
Fellows supervise the activities of housestaff in conjunction with senior cardiology faculty.
Fellows take an active part in medical student teaching.
Fellows take an active role in leading rounds, including teaching the residents and students.
Fellows take call one night each week and one weekend each month.
Fellows take courses which approach the year's topic from a set of different perspectives.
Fellows take four courses per semester.
Fellows take part in a weekly seminar, though most of their time is devoted to research and writing.
Fellows take residency in the month of their choosing, within the year following their selection.
Fellows teach courses and serve as advisors to students.
Fellows teach courses in English, French, German, and local languages.
Fellows teach equivalent of one academic year and do independent research and writing.
Fellows teach from three to nine hours per week in each of the two semesters.
Fellows teach medical students and psychiatry residents.
Fellows teach one course per semester.
Fellows teach one course per term.
Fellows teach one section of introductory creative writing.
Fellows teach oral English classes to students in all grades of the high school.
Fellows teach severely disabled adults to write poetry.
Fellows teach three three-hour courses each year.
Fellows then attend leadership programs for media executives.
Fellows then teach their own seminars in either the winter or the spring.
Fellows travel to sites and begin projects immediately after the training ends.
Fellows treat children and adolescents of all ages, social backgrounds, and ethnicities.
Fellows tutor six hours a week.
Fellows typically find a mentor within the faculty, but other arrangements can be made.
Fellows typically give short presentations on specific topics.
Fellows typically occupy staff support positions which require certain levels of language fluency.
Fellows typically teach a seminar, present a public lecture, or organize an interpretive event.
Fellows undertake a scholarly teaching project intended to improve student learning.
Fellows undertake a wide range of operational work on and in developing countries.
Fellows undertake such course and other training work as is necessary given their starting points.
Fellows use the support in many ways.
Fellows visit many different sizes and types of medical libraries.
Fellows work alongside legislative staff during the fellowship year.
Fellows work and study with federal staff in Washington, DC for three months during the summer.
Fellows work as regular legislative staff members of the office to which they are assigned.
Fellows work at a public interest law agency while studying for and after taking the bar exam.
Fellows work closely with both clinical and scientific faculty at both institutions.
Fellows work closely with leaders in government.
Fellows work closely with the Chinese teachers from the large English department.
Fellows work directly with a pulmonary radiologist.
Fellows work for one year on an independent research project of their design.
Fellows work hand in hand with multiple government leaders.
Fellows work in administrative or executive offices of local appellate or trial courts.
Fellows work in designated common spaces in the library or at their residence.
Fellows work in local high schools and non-profit organizations in Philadelphia.
Fellows work in New York developing national and global public service programs.
Fellows work in research, lobbying, and assisting with administrative support.
Fellows work instead as consultants to help departments develop instructional materials.
Fellows work on projects related to each organization's specific goals.
Fellows work on real world projects relating to the application of technology in the health arena.
Fellows work to develop interdisciplinary approaches to the most intractable development problems.
Fellows work under direct supervision of a senior staff member.
Fellows work with attending physicians in providing patient care.
Fellows work with non-profit, public interest organizations addressing peace and security issues.
Fellows work with professional museum staff, work on individual research projects.
Fellows work within an institution, as well as in the broader academic community.
Fellows working on dual degrees are eligible for assistance for only one degree.
Fellows write for publications as opportunity affords.
Fellows write letters of acceptance.
Fellows frequently choose to do research with faculty members outside of our division.
Fellows frequently take advantage of the opportunities present in more than one of the fellowships.
Fellows often produce a concert of their works later in their Fellowship year.
Fellows often take a long weekend or two during the program to pursue their personal interests.
Fellows usually like to bring extra money to cover extra meals, entertainment and personal shopping.
Fellows usually spend one month of every four there.
Fellows usually work with the secretary of the the research study advisor to whom they are assigned.
All fellows choose to work with a senior researcher on medical informatics projects.
All fellows complete a common clinical core experience in the first year.
All fellows conduct research on the designated topics.
All fellows contribute to a teaching file that is maintained by the Nuclear Cardiology Section.
All fellows have continuity clinic throught the fellowship under the auspices of faculty members.
All fellows have two projects to complete before the year's end.
All fellows meet quarterly with the director of fellowship research throughout their training.
All fellows participate in research.
All fellows participate in the administrative activities of the division.
All fellows participate in weekly pathology seminars, X-ray conferences and clinical reviews.
All fellows participating in the two year program have previous business experience.
All fellows receive a one-month vacation, which is spread out over the year.
All fellows receive equal awards.
All fellows receive stipends and graduate students receive tuition remission.
All fellows take two years of clinical training and one year of clinical or basic research training.
Many fellows choose clinical research projects mentored by division faculty.
Many fellows come earlier and a lot stay longer.
Many fellows design individual research projects.
Many Fellows enter the program five or more years after completing their service overseas.
Many fellows find faculty positions and successful pursue academic careers.
Many fellows find it helpful to arrive a day or two before the official registration date.
Many fellows have no blankets yet and are very thinly clad.
Many fellows seem reluctant to voice their complaints or to work toward improving their situation.
Many fellows take all five modules.
Many fellows work more.
Most fellows are from developing countries.
Most fellows attend meetings.
Most Fellows feel that a laptop is absolutely necessary while travelling.
Most Fellows further develop their studies into a thesis or dissertation.
Most Fellows gain permanent appoint- ment at their schools following program completion.
Most fellows have several manuscripts accepted for publication during their one-year fellowship.
Most fellows keep their own seed, but some grow it for sale as well.
Most fellows provide services.
Most Fellows resign from their jobs or take a leave of absence.
Most fellows show interest.
Most fellows spend one month on the pain service.
Most fellows work from home, or base themselves at a local academic or research institution.
Most fellows work from home.
Some Fellows are able to make arrangements from North America before their departure.
Some fellows arrange to extend expenditures beyond their one-year participation in the program.
Some fellows attend conferences.
Some fellows audit three or four courses.
Some fellows collaborate with researchers.
Some fellows do things just anyhow, without preparation, and then they're sorry for it afterwards.
Some fellows drive cattle.
Some fellows drive horses.
Some fellows follow doctors.
Some fellows have guns.
Some fellows keep chickens.
Some fellows possess parrots.
Some fellows raise cattle.
Some fellows represent countries.
Some fellows say a boss is made out of mud.
Some fellows sell dogs.
Some fellows submit evidence.
Some fellows take places.
Some fellows take steps.
Some fellows work all night and sleep all day.
Some fellows work on treatments.
Fellowship groups are in full swing.
Some fellowship groups coordinate their own small groups.
Fellowship program begins.
Fellowship programs are also available.
Fellowship programs are available in all subspecialties.
Fellowship programs are available on a limited basis and are very competitive.
Fellowship programs exist in many specialties as well.
Fellowship programs involve all the women of the church.
Fellowship programs range from one to two years.
Some fellowship programs have funding available.
Fellowship abounds as members gather for meetings, cruises, races, parties and informative programs.
Fellowship abounds here.
Fellowship allows the resident to assimilate and gather pertinent information.
Fellowship also develops a sense of family.
Fellowship Become a functioning member of a Bible-believing church.
Fellowship becomes more than just a theological term.
Fellowship brings specified responsibilities and benefits .
Fellowship can be valuable.
Fellowship can never be authentic because it is cluttered with many conditional boundaries.
Fellowship can provide emotional support and encouragement for the greater good.
Fellowship covers tuition and a living stipend.
Fellowship covers tuition, room and board, living expenses, and income taxes.
Fellowship covers tution, round-trip travel, and living expenses.
Fellowship demands that the method of conversation result from the degree of closeness felt.
Fellowship describes the situation where two or more people share things in common.
Fellowship exists when two agree on a point and cooperate in work.
Fellowship follows after the study.
Fellowship follows immediately after worship.
Fellowship follows the service with friendly people and refreshments.
Fellowship Get involved in fellowship activities for all ages.
Fellowship gives value to a new church as a family.
Fellowship happens in our church all the time.
Fellowship happens in our church as a by-product of our church's mission.
Fellowship has to do with sharing.
Fellowship implies concern for each other.
Fellowship implies sharing common interests, desires, and motivations.
Fellowship includes dinners, potlucks and trips of varying lengths.
Fellowship includes tuition waiver and stipend.
Fellowship includes ulpan, educational tuition, and a generous living stipend.
Fellowship involves supporting and being supported by fellow believers.
Fellowship is a great committee to be on.
Fellowship is a hoot and a good feed.
Fellowship is a start.
Fellowship is a time to grow in friendship and faith.
Fellowship is actually scriptural, and comes from the Greek word meaning 'to fatten up the turkey'.
Fellowship is adjacent to southbound exit ramp.
Fellowship is all about getting together with other members and having a good time.
Fellowship is among the highest honors that can be bestowed on a physician.
Fellowship is an important aspect of maturing people.
Fellowship is an important characteristic of the class.
Fellowship is an important part of our time together.
Fellowship is an important way of bonding with one another and supporting each other.
Fellowship is an intimate communion between two or more persons.
Fellowship is as important as caving.
Fellowship is as much a condition of discipleship as discipleship is a condition of fellowship.
Fellowship is association
Fellowship is at various times through the morning.
Fellowship is awarded to advanced doctoral candidate in Philosophy.
Fellowship is awarded to selected members for work of scientific distinction.
Fellowship is based upon the truth.
Fellowship is celebrated as holy.
Fellowship is committed to providing a loving and supportive church family.
Fellowship is committed to providing a sense of belonging to single adults in our community.
Fellowship is considered Canada s senior academic accolade to which scholars and scientists aspire.
Fellowship is craved with persons of faith and purity.
Fellowship is derived from the Greek word koinonia and signifies a close, sharing relationship.
Fellowship is emphasized and expressed in a large network of small groups.
Fellowship is encouraged.
Fellowship is enhanced through day trips, retreats and overnight trips.
Fellowship is essential to effective withdrawal of fellowship.
Fellowship is essential to joy.
Fellowship is established when that element of the word called the gospel is believed and obeyed.
Fellowship is expressed through Bible study, sharing a meal, or just being together.
Fellowship is financial aid.
Fellowship is for research that is primarily concerned with ethical and religious issues.
Fellowship is important in developing relationship.
Fellowship is important.
Fellowship is impossible without relationship .
Fellowship is intended for final year of dissertation writing.
Fellowship is intrinsic to a fraternity.
Fellowship is more than just a potluck dinner.
Fellowship is more than merely a church social.
Fellowship is much deeper.
Fellowship is much, much more than parties and social times.
Fellowship is neglected.
Fellowship is non-renewable.
Fellowship is on right.
Fellowship is one of the essential ingredients in a healthy growing church.
Fellowship is one of the highest honors that can be bestowed upon an architect.
Fellowship is our middle name.
Fellowship is prizes.
Fellowship is promoted by the closeness of the home Bible study.
Fellowship is recognizable by the spirit of unity drawn from participation in shared experience.
Fellowship is renewable.
Fellowship is sharing and, in con-versation, that means give and take.
Fellowship is stressed as well.
Fellowship is sweetest with others who have had similar backgrounds and experiences.
Fellowship is tenable for one year, renewable for a second contingent on funding.
Fellowship is the bottom line.
Fellowship is the cause of unity and unity the source of order in the world.
Fellowship is the effective communication of love to one another.
Fellowship is the final response in the bulls-eye picture.
Fellowship is the gathering of like minds.
Fellowship is the giving and receiving our lives with one another.
Fellowship is the glue that holds the flotilla together.
Fellowship is the joint participation in some activity by two or more people.
Fellowship is the key.
Fellowship is the law of growth for all individuals.
Fellowship is the ministerial equivalent of accreditation or certification or passing the bar exam.
Fellowship is the most common rendering.
Fellowship is traditional in the Nazarene church.
Fellowship is very important in our parish.
Fellowship is vital for Christian growth.
Fellowship is vital to relationship.
Fellowship is vital to walking a victorious Christian life.
Fellowship is way down the line, bro.
Fellowship is what happens when people become colleagues in the mission of the church.
Fellowship is what it is about.
Fellowship leave .
Fellowship Let's talk about fellowship.
Fellowship means sharing or participation.
Fellowship means sharing.
Fellowship pays cost of tuition, fees, books, room and board.
Fellowship plays an important part of our life together.
Fellowship plays an integral role in uniting a church's members.
Fellowship promotes brotherhood within the fraternity.
Fellowship provides four components which are essential to spiritual health.
Fellowship provides full tuition and offers a mentorship program.
Fellowship provides tuition, field trip expenses, room and board.
Fellowship requires that time be spent with another communicating, caring, etc.
Fellowship sends out many short-term mission teams each year.
Fellowship speaks of sharing and having all things in common.
Fellowship starts when members enter each other's lives outside the meeting time.
Fellowship still exists at the undergraduate and PhD levels.
Fellowship stipends vary with the type of award.
Fellowship stipends,however, are available only for the first summer's work.
Fellowship supports deeper understanding of another culture.
Fellowship takes place in a variety of settings, structured and spontaneous.
Fellowship there is warm and friendly.
Fellowship thrives on it.
Fellowships allow full-time study and offer similar benefits.
Fellowships also are available.
Fellowships also promote research on issues of concern among minority populations.
Fellowships also provide a stipend and, in most cases, a tuition fellowship as well.
Fellowships also provide tuition waiver and health insurance benefits.
Fellowships also provide tuition waiver and health insurance.
Fellowships are a banding of several individuals who wish to adventure together.
Fellowships are a one-year program in partnership with employers.
Fellowships are a powerful aid in recruiting the most promising graduate students.
Fellowships are also available for applicants with a special interest in education.
Fellowships are also available for applicants with special interests in health or Soviet studies.
Fellowships are also available for highly qualified students.
Fellowships are also available for minority students.
Fellowships are also available for summer language study.
Fellowships are also available for summer terms.
Fellowships are also available from private donors or foundations.
Fellowships are also available in limited number.
Fellowships are also available on a competitive basis .
Fellowships are also available on a competitive basis.
Fellowships are also available to first-year graduate students.
Fellowships are also available to highly qualified students.
Fellowships are also available to qualified minority students.
Fellowships are also available.
Fellowships are another source of funding for biodiversity students when they are available.
Fellowships are available academics and professionals.
Fellowships are available at selected U.S. universities.
Fellowships are available at the graduate, predoctoral, postdoctoral and senior postdoctoral levels.
Fellowships are available during the academic year and during summer.
Fellowships are available during the spring, summer, and fall terms.
Fellowships are available each year to pharmacy graduate students.
Fellowships are available each year.
Fellowships are available for a variety of medias including clay.
Fellowships are available for advanced research in the humanities and social sciences .
Fellowships are available for Alaskan teachers.
Fellowships are available for basic, applied or clinical research.
Fellowships are available for both pre-and postdoctoral students.
Fellowships are available for both recent Ph.D. recipients and senior scholars.
Fellowships are available for both the regular academic year and summer intensive language study.
Fellowships are available for graduate students in economics.
Fellowships are available for highly qualified applicants in a number of areas.
Fellowships are available for highly qualified applicants.
Fellowships are available for high-ranking incoming students and also advanced dissertators.
Fellowships are available for individuals with varying degrees of experience.
Fellowships are available for investigative training in many areas of clinical neuroscience.
Fellowships are available for one or two years.
Fellowships are available for original research on Chinese culture or society.
Fellowships are available for outstanding applicants.
Fellowships are available for outstanding candidates.
Fellowships are available for outstanding students along numerous instructional and research lines.
Fellowships are available for periods of research from six to nine months.
Fellowships are available for periods of study abroad and for all disciplines.
Fellowships are available for periods of three to seven months.
Fellowships are available for postdoctoral fellows to mid-career professionals.
Fellowships are available for qualified applicants.
Fellowships are available for qualified individuals.
Fellowships are available for qualified RPCVs.
Fellowships are available for qualified students.
Fellowships are available for scholars from graduate students through senior professors.
Fellowships are available for scholars to participate in the project.
Fellowships are available for scholars who hold the Ph.D. degree.
Fellowships are available for select participants.
Fellowships are available for selected students.
Fellowships are available for some of the courses.
Fellowships are available for students and non-students.
Fellowships are available for students with an interest in Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Turkish.
Fellowships are available for students with outstanding credentials.
Fellowships are available for study abroad in China, Japan and Korea.
Fellowships are available for study in a wide range of academic and professional fields.
Fellowships are available for successful applicants.
Fellowships are available for superior students.
Fellowships are available for training in cerebrovascular disease.
Fellowships are available for training in various areas of neuroscience.
Fellowships are available for undergrads, postgrads, and faculty.
Fellowships are available for up to two years.
Fellowships are available for variable periods of up to twelve months.
Fellowships are available for visits of one week to three months for training or research pur-poses.
Fellowships are available from a number of different sources.
Fellowships are available from a number of outside agencies.
Fellowships are available from several sources.
Fellowships are available from six to nine months.
Fellowships are available immediately in water science and electrohydraulic controls.
Fellowships are available in all the subdisciplines of anesthesiology.
Fellowships are available in many subspecialties as well as in the major subdivisions of pediatrics.
Fellowships are available in surgical pathology and cytopathology.
Fellowships are available in surgical pathology, neuropathology and pediatric pathology.
Fellowships are available in the fall, spring and summer.
Fellowships are available on a competitive basis to all UMBC faculty members.
Fellowships are available on a competitive basis.
Fellowships are available only to U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Fellowships are available to a limited number of qualified applicants on a competitive basis.
Fellowships are available to assist students who accept volunteer summer public interest positions.
Fellowships are available to both new postdocs and faculty who are interested in half-time fellows.
Fellowships are available to citizens of the United States or permanent residents only.
Fellowships are available to citizens or permanent residents of the United States.
Fellowships are available to exceptionally qualified students.
Fellowships are available to full-time master's and doctoral students.
Fellowships are available to graduate students who are studying Arabic, Hebrew, or Turkish.
Fellowships are available to graduates in all health-related fields.
Fellowships are available to help offset the standard page fees.
Fellowships are available to incoming graduate students throughout the university.
Fellowships are available to individual educators or teams.
Fellowships are available to members for advanced study in their field of endeavor.
Fellowships are available to outstanding candidates at any level from professorial to post-doctoral.
Fellowships are available to qualified minority applicants.
Fellowships are available to students of exceptional promise in their first year of graduate study.
Fellowships are available to students who have completed their junior or senior years.
Fellowships are available to students with particularly strong academic records.
Fellowships are available to support the best applicants.
Fellowships are available to top applicants.
Fellowships are available.
Fellowships are awards made to outstanding graduate students for full-time graduate study.
Fellowships are awards offered to incoming graduate students.
Fellowships are both stipendiary and nonstipendiary.
Fellowships are both stipendiary and non-stipendiary.
Fellowships are competitive and are awarded by selection once a year.
Fellowships are competitive.
Fellowships are crucial to the continued existence of all training programmes.
Fellowships are extremely competitive.
Fellowships are financial awards that require no service in return.
Fellowships are financial stipends usually based on academic achievement without required duties.
Fellowships are for a duration of four months and include a one-month optional internship.
Fellowships are for a duration of four months with an optional internship for the fourth month.
Fellowships are for a minimum of one year and a maximum of two years.
Fellowships are for advanced study in any field except the medical sciences.
Fellowships are for different lengths of time depending on student classification status.
Fellowships are for four months.
Fellowships are for independent study only and for a minimum of two years.
Fellowships are for one or two years.
Fellowships are for one semester only.
Fellowships are for one semester.
Fellowships are for one year and are renewable for exceptional candidates.
Fellowships are for one year only.
Fellowships are for one year, renewable for a second.
Fellowships are for one year, renewable for up to a total of three years.
Fellowships are for only one academic year.
Fellowships are for periods of no less than one year for research in the basic or clinical sciences.
Fellowships are for periods of two to six months.
Fellowships are for projects by individual researchers only.
Fellowships are for self designed independent study only.
Fellowships are for self-designed independent study only.
Fellowships are for the academic year.
Fellowships are for the fall and spring semesters.
Fellowships are for three years of support, to be used within five years.
Fellowships are for three years, renewable annually.
Fellowships are for three years.
Fellowships are for training in general immunology and cancer immunology.
Fellowships are for two years, pending satisfactory progress.
Fellowships are for two years, subject to annual review and recommendation.
Fellowships are for two years.
Fellowships are four to six months in length.
Fellowships are generally for one semester.
Fellowships are highly competitive and are awarded on the basis of academic merit.
Fellowships are highly competitive and are awarded to students of exceptional promise.
Fellowships are highly competitive and designed to attract students with excellent academic records.
Fellowships are individual grants.
Fellowships are individually determined.
Fellowships are limited to four positions in a calendar year.
Fellowships are limited to graduate students who are engaged full-time on their research.
Fellowships are limited to one per university academic department.
Fellowships are limited to two years.
Fellowships are limited to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Fellowships are limited to U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Fellowships are literally exchange programs.
Fellowships are money awarded to fund graduate study.
Fellowships are multi-year, renewable annually.
Fellowships are no longer an issue though, sadly.
Fellowships are non-renewable.
Fellowships are normally for an academic year.
Fellowships are normally for one year and are limited in number.
Fellowships are normally for the academic year.
Fellowships are normally renewable for a second year.
Fellowships are normally tenable for one year.
Fellowships are now available.
Fellowships are often available for medical students wishing to spend time in the laboratory.
Fellowships are one of the most common ways to subspecialize.
Fellowships are one to three years in duration, depending on interests and experience.
Fellowships are one year in duration and can be renewed for a second year.
Fellowships are one-year appointments.
Fellowships are only available at select U.S. universities.
Fellowships are only available to new students.
Fellowships are only open to computer science teachers from universities in developing countries.
Fellowships are open only to applicants who are citizens or nationals of the United States.
Fellowships are open to academic and independent scholars.
Fellowships are open to academic, museum and independent scholars.
Fellowships are open to all applicants.
Fellowships are open to all domestic and international applicants.
Fellowships are open to all regardless of citizenship.
Fellowships are open to both U.S. and non-U.S. citizens.
Fellowships are open to citizens of any country.
Fellowships are open to citizens or permanent residents of the United States.
Fellowships are open to educators, students, practitioners and organizational leaders.
Fellowships are open to individuals of all countries.
Fellowships are open to national competition and include tuition, fees, and a maintenance allowance.
Fellowships are open to qualified candidates without restriction of nationality or age.
Fellowships are open to recent college graduates.
Fellowships are open to scholars from any country.
Fellowships are open to senior and junior scholars.
Fellowships are open to students and post-doctoral fellows.
Fellowships are open to U.S. citizens, permanent residents of the U.S. and German citizens.
Fellowships are open to U.S. citizens, U.S. permanent residents and German citizens.
Fellowships are ordinarily for one year only.
Fellowships are outright grants of money, and are sometimes renewable for more than one year.
Fellowships are portable to any GEM participating university where the fellow is admitted.
Fellowships are post doctoral, post residency, post board certification training.
Fellowships are predominately volunteer.
Fellowships are prestigious awards given selectively.
Fellowships are renewable each year for up to three years.
Fellowships are renewable for a second year.
Fellowships are renewable for the duration of the course of study and for dissertation expenses.
Fellowships are renewable for the second year contingent upon academic performance.
Fellowships are renewable for up to four years by reapplication annually.
Fellowships are renewable for up to three years.
Fellowships are renewable on an annual basis.
Fellowships are renewable upon consideration.
Fellowships are renewable, subject to acceptable academic progress and a new nomination.
Fellowships are scholarships for graduate students.
Fellowships are tax free and the net effect corresponds to the lecturer taxable salaries.
Fellowships are taxable income to the recipient.
Fellowships are tenable for either fall or spring semester.
Fellowships are tenable from the commencement of the year following application lodgment.
Fellowships are tenable in any suitable institution in any country abroad.
Fellowships are three month to one year in duration.
Fellowships are three months to a year in duration.
Fellowships are three, four, and six months.
Fellowships are to be designed for leave terms only.
Fellowships are typically for one year, starting at various times throughout the year.
Fellowships are typically one year, with the possibility of a second year.
Fellowships are usually for two years.
Fellowships are very competitive across the university.
Fellowships are very competitive.
Fellowships bring better graduate students from across the country.
Fellowships can cover tuition, fees, books and other legitimate academic expenses.
Fellowships can take one of two forms.
Fellowships carry a stipend for the academic year plus tuition.
Fellowships carry a stipend per academic year.
Fellowships carry a stipend, tuition, fees, and medical insurance allowance.
Fellowships carry full tuition scholarships.
Fellowships carry no restrictions regarding citizenship, race, sex or age.
Fellowships carry no restrictions regarding citizenship, race, sex, or age.
Fellowships carry no teaching responsibilities and include complete tuition waiver.
Fellowships carry stipends and tuition remission.
Fellowships come in many forms.
Fellowships consist of three months language training followed by a nine-month internship.
Fellowships constitute a subsidy to the receiving organization.
Fellowships cover all normal travel expenses, lodging, meals, and seminar-related costs.
Fellowships cover instruction, lodging and meals.
Fellowships cover lodging, meals, reference materials and instruction with a travel subsidy.
Fellowships cover normal living expenses, fees and health insurance.
Fellowships cover normal living expenses, fees, visa costs and health insurance.
Fellowships cover stipend and tuition, and are awarded for one or more academic quarters.
Fellowships cover the costs of tuition, required fees, books, room, and board.
Fellowships cover the seminar, lodging, meals and reference materials.
Fellowships cover tuition remission plus living expenses.
Fellowships covering all subspecialties in radiology are available for qualified candidates.
Fellowships covering normal living costs and tuition are available.
Fellowships enable outstanding graduate students to devote full-time to their studies and research.
Fellowships enable talented scientists to build independent research careers.
Fellowships enable writers and translators to set aside time for writing and research.
Fellowships exist for graduate students at all levels of study.
Fellowships exist in cytopathology, hematopathology, and gynecologic pathology.
Fellowships focus more narrowly on a specific area of medicine within a specialty area.
Fellowships fund one year of study and are applicable to any accredited graduate school.
Fellowships generally cover tuition costs and provide a living stipend for a single student.
Fellowships generally imply free aid with no work obligation.
Fellowships generally provide a monthly stipend and tuition for full-time study and research.
Fellowships generally provide monthly stipends and pay tuition.
Fellowships generally provide payment of tuition and a stipend for living expenses.
Fellowships generally provide twelve months of support for at least one year.
Fellowships have an institutional allowance in lieu of indirect costs.
Fellowships honor the student's prior achievements.
Fellowships including tuition support and stipends are available.
Fellowships involve a full-time commitment to the research program at the host laboratory.
Fellowships involve no duties.
Fellowships last a minimum of one academic quarter or semester.
Fellowships last a minimum of ten weeks and are equivalent to full-time summer employment.
Fellowships leading to subspecialty certification are also available.
Fellowships offer a concentrated exposure in one of four educational tracts.
Fellowships Offers post-doctoral fellowships in the humanities.
Fellowships passes on.
Fellowships pay a cash stipend for the academic year, and include a full tuition waiver.
Fellowships pay a stipend which is dependent on the amount of postdoctoral experience.
Fellowships pay a stipend, tuition, fees, and certain other expenses.
Fellowships pay for the actual costs of tuition, required fees, books, room, and board.
Fellowships pay the actual costs of tuition, required fees, books, room, and board.
Fellowships provide a generous living allowance and meet the costs of tuition.
Fellowships provide a stipend and tuition payment.
Fellowships provide a stipend, tuition remission, and other benefits.
Fellowships provide a student with a stipend plus tuition.
Fellowships provide each winner with a stipend, room and board and work space at the academy.
Fellowships provide exceptional students with tuition waivers and a living stipend.
Fellowships provide full tuition and stipend for living expenses.
Fellowships provide roundtrip travel to New Haven, accommodations, and a living allowance.
Fellowships provide salary support to faculty conducting research in the humanities.
Fellowships provide salary, research expenses and return travel costs.
Fellowships provide stipends for a research period of twelve months.
Fellowships provide stipends for research periods of one to three months.
Fellowships provide student ministers with another easy way to conduct a monthly parent meeting.
Fellowships provide students with tuition support and a monthly stipend.
Fellowships provide support for overseas or domestic study or a combination of both.
Fellowships provide support for overseas or domestic study, or a combination of both.
Fellowships provide the stipend for the graduate student.
Fellowships provide time and support to complete specific projects.
Fellowships provide tuition for language training and a monthly stipend.
Fellowships providing funds for graduate student research expenses are taxable.
Fellowships range from one to four years.
Fellowships range from one year to three years, depending on specialty.
Fellowships range from several hundred dollars to several thousand dollars.
Fellowships range from six months to two years in length.
Fellowships range from tuition assistance to full tuition plus substantial stipends.
Fellowships recognize the contribution artists make to the quality of life in North Carolina.
Fellowships require no explicit duties.
Fellowships require no service and allow a student to pursue a full-time academic schedule.
Fellowships require no service to be performed.
Fellowships respond to nationally approved or health-related priorities.
Fellowships start at Rs.
Fellowships support a one-year research leave.
Fellowships support graduate student and faculty research.
Fellowships support independent and dissertation research.
Fellowships support individual investigators in pursuing research in rehabilitation.
Fellowships support post-doctoral work.
Fellowships support research leading to a PhD degree.
Fellowships symbolize a national conscious-ness and community in scholarship.
Fellowships vary in amount according to recipients' needs and resources.
Fellowships vary in amount, but often qualify the recipient for resident tuition rates.
Fellowships often pay tuition and a stipend.
Fellowships often provide payment of tuition and fees in addition to a stipend for living expenses.
Fellowships usually are for a specified length of time, one to three years.
Fellowships usually cover tuition plus cash stipend.
Fellowships usually involve funds awarded for a combination of service or research and study.
Fellowships usually occur during Short Term, the summer, or the fall semester.
Fellowships usually pay more than other forms of financial aid.
Fellowships usually provide a generous stipend and full tuition.
Fellowships usually provide both a stipend and tuition waivers.
Fellowships usually provide full tuition and a stipend.
Fellowships usually take place during the Short Term, the summer, or the fall semester.
All fellowships are flexible and can be designed to meet individual needs.
All fellowships are for a three-year term.
All fellowships are highly competitive, with labor-intensive application processes.
All fellowships are highly competitive.
All fellowships are subject to availability of federal funding.
All fellowships are tenable for five years.
All fellowships are to be awarded directly to individual persons.
All fellowships cover tuition and a stipend for living expenses.
All fellowships have application procedures and instructions specific to their programs.
All fellowships pay student registration and activity fees.
All fellowships provide for both tuition expenses and a stipend.
All fellowships require submission of a proposal prior to approval.
Every fellowship sends a newsletter to members at least once a year.
Many fellowships are available each year and offered at various times during the year.
Many fellowships have their own Web sites.
Many fellowships provide non-resident tuition remission and health insurance benefits.
Many fellowships provide tuition and fees in addition to the stipend.
Many fellowships require significant entrepreneurial zeal, networking and planning.
Most fellowships are available only to Canadian citizens and landed immigrants.
Most fellowships are for one semester.
Most fellowships are for one year and awarded to entering students.
Most fellowships are for one year or less.
Most fellowships are for summer months.
Most fellowships are for the academic year.
Most fellowships pay tuition and fees in addition to the stipend.
Most fellowships provide a waiver of the full tuition and service fee.
Most fellowships provide for tuition and stipend.
Most fellowships provide the student with support for the nine-month academic year only.
Most fellowships require minimal dues to defray expenses.
Most fellowships use Taiwanese, English and Mandarin.
Some fellowships allow for the payment of employee benefits.
Some fellowships also offer remission of tuition.
Some fellowships are also available for both entering and more senior graduate students.
Some fellowships are also available to returning students.
Some fellowships are available to qualified students.
Some fellowships are available.
Some fellowships are only short-term and new ones are quickly coming into being.
Some fellowships are renewable on an annual basis.
Some fellowships are superficial while others are artificial.
Some fellowships are work focused and some more academic in nature.
Some fellowships cover all fees.
Some fellowships prohibit simultaneous assistantships.
Some fellowships provide for payment of tuition and required fees in addition to the stipend.
Some fellowships provide tuition waivers.
A felon is principal
Felons are a definite no-go, but the job requires few qualifications beyond that.
Felons are closed-space infections of the fingertip pulp.
Felons are constitutionally exempt from a gun registration requirement.
Felons are infection.
Felons are outlaws.
Felons breaking into a closed bank stand out as warm bodies moving about in a suspicious manner.
Felons can restore their civil rights only by navigating a bureaucratic obstacle course.
Felons can spend long, hot days working in the sun to pay off their debts to society.
Felons can, however, go through a process to have their voting rights restored.
Felons fail to observe jurisdictional boundaries much less any other law of our nation.
Felons have to fill out a new registration application form when their rights have been restored.
Felons work in the mix.
Every felon caught with a firearm there serves a mandatory five years in prison.
Most felons have at least two convictions.
Some felons get off on a technicality.
Some felons never make it.
Felonious assault can be a crime against strangers, family, friends, or acquaintances.
Felonious restraint is considered a lesser included offense of kidnaping.
Felony crimes are more serious than misdemeanor crimes.
Felony murder carries a heavier sentence than plain murder.
Felony murder carries the same maximum life sentence as a simple murder charge.
Felony murder is as serious as it gets.
Felony murder is such an extension of where the current capital murder statute is.
Felony murder occurs when a killing is committed during the commission of a violent crime.
A felony is crime
Felonies are a more serious category of crime.
Felonies are crime.
Felonies are crimes generally punishable by more than one year's imprisonment.
Felonies are crimes of moral turpitude.
Felonies are crimes punishable by more than one year's imprisonment.
Felonies are crimes punishable by one year or more in state prison.
Felonies are criminal acts.
Felonies are major crimes and misdemeanors are lesser crimes.
Felonies are major crimes such as armed robbery and murder.
Felonies are more serious crimes than misdemeanors.
Felonies are more serious crimes, and misdemeanors are less serious crimes.
Felonies are more serious offenses.
Felonies are much more serious crimes than misdemeanors, and hence have much harsher sentences.
Felonies are punishable by confinement in state prison.
Felonies are punishable by prison incarceration, unless probation is granted.
Felonies are serious crimes for which the offender can be sentenced to state prison.
Felonies are serious crimes such as murder, rape, arson, theft of highly valued property.
Felonies are serious crimes such as murder, rape, robbery, assault and many drug offenses.
Felonies are serious offenses, for which the sentence can include imprisonment for a year or more.
Felonies are serious offenses, most often involving violations of peoples' rights.
Felonies are the most serious crimes, and can result in prison time.
Felonies are typically the most serious crimes in any system of criminal law.
Felonies are very serious crimes punishable by sentences in state prison for more than one year.
Felonies carry heavier sentences than misdemeanors.
Felonies fall within the police power of the States.
Felony is a lot of fun, and a definite rent first.
Felony is used in various senses in the United States.
All felonies are crimes against the state.
Any felony can trigger disenfranchisement.
Felsic glasses have compositions similar to benmoreite, trachyte, and phonolite.
Felsic magma is thick and has lots of a mineral called silica .
Felsic magma is thick and has lots of a mineral called silica.
Felsic minerals are light in color and felsic rocks are therefore typically of light color.
Felsic minerals are most often colorless, white, gray or pink but can be any number of colors.
Felt has (part) hems.
Felt has (part) sections.
Felt is cloth
Felt isa cloth.
Felt isa fabric.
Felts also prevent the indention from being excessive.
Felts is the premier center in the league.
Felted beads are easy to make and very versatile.
Felted Vests Learn the basics of felting machine knit wool fabric.
A felucca is a sailing ship
Feluccas are traditional Egyptian sailing craft without private cabins.
Feluccas generally have no motors, but have to sail wherever they go using current and wind.
Many FeLV cats can live a long, healthy life.
FEM results agree with radial and circumferential stresses published in the literature.
Female aardvarks give birth to one baby at the start of the rainy season.
Female aardvarks have a gestation of seven months and give birth to one young at a time.
Female aardvarks tend to live in one area for their lifetime, while males wander around.
Female abnormalities are due to variations in the number of X chromosomes.
Female abuse is below that of males across all drugs.
Female adolescence are much less physically active than male adolescence.
Female adolescents are far more likely than males to attempt suicide, though less likely to succeed.
Female adolescents are much less physically active than male adolescents.
Female adolescents experience additional iron loss through menstruation.
Female adolescents have lower rates of serious violence throughout the second decade.
Many female adolescents try to measure up to their thinner peers and heroes.
Female adults are somewhat smaller than males.
Female adults feed animals.
Female adults go to the roosts only after they have finished nesting.
Female adults have a needlelike ovipositor which they use to place eggs in soft organic matter.
Female adults have abdomens.
Female adults require blood.
Most female adults feed animals.
Most female adults have abdomens.
Most female adults require blood.
Some female adults examine hosts.
Female african elephants reach maturity.
Female african elephants reach sexual maturity.
Female ages have effects.
Female ages have positive effects.
Most female ages have effects.
Most female ages have positive effects.
Female alcoholics are at greater risk.
Female alligators are particularly aggressive when guarding their nests.
Female alligators build their vegetation nests after mating.
Female alligators remain in areas.
Female alligators remain in small areas.
Most female alligators remain in areas.
Most female alligators remain in small areas.
Some female alligators build habitats.
Some female alligators have average levels.
Some female alligators have estrogen levels.
Some female alligators have levels.
All female alumni are eligible.
Female anatomy is very specific, intricate, specialized.
Some female anatomies share characteristics.
Female ancestors are represented by white painted masks worn by the male relatives.
Female anglerfish have tips.
Most female anglerfish have tips.
Female animals are animals.
Female animals are females.
Female animals are of finer and more delicate build.
Female animals show little interest in males until injected with oxytocin.
Female animals tend to shed after a heat cycle and after giving birth.
All female animals go through the same process.
Many female animals eject sperm following in- semination.
Most female animals have two functioning ovaries, but the hen uses only one, the left.
Some female animals develop vaginitis which can cause severe itching.
Female ants are smaller than the queen, wingless and sterile.
Female ants remove their wings and crawl off to become queen ant in their own new colony.
Female antennae are simple throughout their entire length.
Female aphids are parthenogenetic , or capable of virgin births, no males required.
Female aphids can reproduce without mating.
Female aphids produce live young, particularly during the summer months.
Some female aphids produce offspring.
Female applicants are especially welcome.
Female applicants are particularly welcome.
Female applicants are preferred.
Female applicants are welcome.
Female applicants complete a mastectomy fitting as one of their three fittings.
Female argonauts make a laterally compressed , calcareous eggcase in which they reside .
Female argonauts make a laterally compressed, calcareous eggcase in which they reside.
Female armadillos have exactly four babies of the same sex at a time.
Female artists abound to the point where male artists seem to be the exception rather than the rule.
Some female artists contribute to the problem.
Female aspirants are highly encouraged.
Female associations tend to be exclusive and long-lasting.
Female athletes are as vulnerable to developing eating disorders as non-athletes.
Female athletes are at risk for developing anorexia and bulimia.
Female athletes are flirting with trouble, too, the report shows.
Female athletes are more likely to injure their knees than their male counterparts.
Female Athletes Are More Likely to use Contraceptives.
Female athletes are particularly aware of male fans who come to every competition.
Female athletes are weight conscious.
Female athletes can strengthen hamstrings by jumping rope for a few minutes three times a week.
Female athletes compete in basketball, golf, softball, and volleyball.
Female athletes compete in the Olympics and indeed often steal the spotlight from the men.
Female athletes deserve a round of applause for all of their hard work and dedication.
Female athletes deserve the exact same treatment as male athletes.
Female athletes face specific risks, when an eating disorder developes.
Female athletes have a much higher rate of knee ligament injury.
Female athletes have a much larger change on substantial knee problems than Male athletes have.
Female athletes have a reduced risk of breast cancer.
Female athletes have four to ten times more ACL injuries than male athletes have.
Female athletes have it a little bit differently than male athletes.
Female athletes have reason to value their physiques.
Female athletes have so much heart and courage.
Female athletes need calories.
Female athletes prove that they can carry, lift, run, and throw as well as men.
Female athletes report less than normal pain with their periods.
Female athletes represent a rapidly growing segment of professional sports.
Female athletes tend to get that burned-out feeling at an early age.
Female athletes tend to work on their quadriceps more because they strengthen quickly.
Many female athletes agree and have posed for publications.
Female attire is based on sexual attractiveness.
Female attire is more diversified and is decorated with many traditional motifs.
Female attorney investigates an airline accident.
Female attorney investigates corporate crime in the Bahamas.
Female attorney joins a brother-brother law firm.
Female attorney represents the mayor's wife in divorce proceedings.
Female audiences go crazy for porno men dressed only in their skivvies.
All female audiences tend to laugh more easily and louder than all male audiences.
Female autonomy is devalued.
Female baboons are much smaller than the males.
Female baboons have a social hierarchy that is fairly cut and dry.
Female baboons have skin.
Female baboons mate with their male friends.
Most female baboons have skin.
Female babies are also prone to be abandoned or killed at birth.
Female babies are easier to buy as their families want to avoid paying dowries.
Female babies are more fortunate.
Female badgers are called as sow.
Female badgers are sows and baby badgers are called cubs.
Female badgers prepare a grass-lined den in which to give birth.
Female baldness is pretty rare.
Female bands are rare, although successful female solo performers are common.
Female bandicoots can have as many as five babies, but usually only one or two survive.
Female barn swallows mate with long-tailed males.
Female barn swallows prefer males with longer tail feathers.
Female bartenders get wild animated greetings, and lots of flattery.
Female basilisks are comparatively smaller and lack the ornamental fins of their male counterparts.
Female bass are larger than male bass the same age and females tend to live longer than males.
Female bass live longer than males and are much more likely to reach trophy size .
Female bass live longer than males and are much more likely to reach trophy size.
Female bat flies, like their relatives tsetse flies, are remarkably good mothers.
Female bats give birth to only one or two young annually and roost in small or large numbers.
Female bats nurse their young for six to eight weeks.
Female bats nurse their young until the young are old enough to fly.
Female bats occupy nursery colonies in late spring or early summer when they give birth to young.
Female bats roost together to have their babies.
Female bats roost with their young, males remain separate until the newborn bats are weaned.
Female bats suckle their young with milk and weaning usually occurs at the age of four to six weeks.
Many female bats live together in colonies when they are raising their young.
Female batters have the choice of which ball is to be used when they come to bat.
Female bears can be fierce defenders of their young.
Female bears can be heavier than male bears.
Female bears demonstrate delayed implantation.
Female bears give birth during the hibernation period, and are roused when doing so.
Female bears reach sexual maturity around four and a half years of age.
All female bears defend their cubs.
Female bed bugs have ability.
Female bees are all diploid and are produced through fertilization.
Female bees have no interest other than collecting food.
Female beetles begin laying eggs about one week following their emergence from the soil.
Female beetles begin laying eggs several weeks after emergence.
Female beetles chew pits in the bark of tree trunks and branches and lay their eggs there.
Female beetles have good instincts for finding the best places to keep the eggs.
Female beetles initiate attacks.
Female beetles lay batches of about two dozen orange-yellow eggs on the underside of the leaves .
Female beetles lay clusters of eggs in the soil.
Female beetles lay eggs at the base of plants in the soil.
Female beetles lay eggs directly into the soil during warm months.
Female beetles lay eggs in damp areas with low vegetation.
Female beetles lay eggs mainly under loose bark of the grapevine.
Female beetles lay eggs on the lower portion of host trunks or on exposed roots.
Female beetles lay their eggs on leaves or twigs where aphids are feeding.
Female beetles lay their eggs on the undersides of leaves of plants.
Female beetles remain with their brood until they mature.
Some female beetles feed aphids.
Female behavior changes noticeably during estrus.
Female behavior is more subtle but at least as important to the process.
Female big brown bats form colonies.
Female big brown bats form nursery colonies.
Female bilbies have a backward-opening pouch with eight nipples.
Female birds are able to lay eggs.
Female birds are attracted to the beautiful songs and bright feathers of males.
Female birds are birds.
Female birds are female animals.
Female birds are often less colorful.
Female birds can bias the sex of their chicks .
Female birds have a somewhat similar cloaca.
Female birds have similar markings but are generally duller shades.
Female birds lack the cheeck patches, although there are some mutations with gray cheeks.
Female birds use male song to make mate choice decisions in a range of common bird species.
Most female birds incubate the eggs while the male defends the territory from other males.
Female bishops are an anomaly.
Female black rhinos reach maturity.
Female black rhinos reach sexual maturity.
Female black rhinos use horns.
Female blackflies feed on blood every three to five days.
Female blooms appear several days to a week or more after the male blooms.
Female blossoms are easy to detect because they have tiny pumpkins at their base.
Female blossoms are easy to spot, because they have tiny pumpkins at their base.
Female blossoms resemble beads on a string.
Female blue crabs go into salinity water.
Female blue crabs go into water.
Female blue sharks have skin.
A female body is a figure
Female bodies are human bodies.
Female bodies are part of females.
Female bodies are pink in color with a white waxy covering.
Female bodies tend to like to ground on a higher percentage of female energy than male bodies.
Female body contains less water and more fat.
Female body is seen as vulnerable and exposed to different physiological and psychological risks.
Female bodybuilders are athletes.
Female bodybuilders get a lot of hate.
Female bodybuilders live a very physical lifestyle.
Female bonobos engage in behavior.
Some female bonobos have breasts.
Female bottoms wear a thong.
Female bowerbirds are susceptible to forced copulation when on the ground.
Female bowerbirds pick the male with the bower they like best.
Some female bowerbirds have apparent preference.
Some female bowerbirds have preference.
Female boxers are very dedicated, disciplined, and highly motivated athletes.
Female boxers give the fans their money's worth.
Female brains are different than male brains.
Female brains do things differently than male brains.
Female breasts are another effect of the water.
Female buds are concentrated in the top whorls.
Female butterflies choose host plants in bright sun forlaying eggs.
Female butterflies deposit their eggs on or near specific plants called host plants.
Female butterflies lay eggs on host plants, which furnish hearty meals and homes for caterpillars.
Female butterflies lay eggs, which hatch into the larval stage called caterpillars.
Female butterflies look for specific species of plants to lay their eggs.
Female butterflies release pheromones into the air.
Female butterflies seek out specific plants on which they lay their eggs.
Female butterflies use hostplants to lay their eggs upon.
Some female butterflies are also picky about color when choosing a mate from among many suitors.
Female cadets take a self-defense course instead of boxing and wrestling.
Female calves are slaughtered immediately or raised to be dairy cows.
Female calves grow up to become cows and the males are confined to small crates and sold as veal.
Female calves remain with mothers.
Female calves stay with mothers.
Most female calves remain with mothers.
Most female calves stay with mothers.
Some female calves attack imaginary enemies.
Some female calves face starvation.
Female callers are less threatening and often more successful at getting respondents to cooperate.
Female canaries are sexually responsive to special song phrases.
Female cancers are, of course, of major concern to many women.
Female candidates are especially encouraged to apply.
Female candidates are specially encouraged to apply.
Female Canvasbacks are an overall grayish-brown in color, with a slightly browner head and neck.
Female canvasbacks have a light brown head and neck, grading into a darker brown chest and foreback.
Female canvasbacks have heads.
Female canvasbacks have light brown heads.
Most female canvasbacks have heads.
Most female canvasbacks have light brown heads.
Female capuchin monkeys have capability.
Female capuchins have linear dominance hierarchies .
Female capuchins have linear dominance hierarchies.
Female capybaras are slightly heavier than the males.
Female cardinals sing songs.
Most female cardinals sing songs.
Female caribou are the only female deer with antlers.
Female caribou avoid industrial facilities when they are calving or accompanied by young calves.
Female caribou has antlers.
Female caribou keep their antlers until they calve.
Most female caribou has antlers.
Female carpenter bees sting victims.
Female carriers are clinically asymptomatic.
Female carriers can have a normal X chromosome that is abnormally inactivated.
Some female carriers have no health problems or symptoms related to carrying the hemophilia gene.
Female cartoonists share their favorite creations.
Female carvers produce depictions of mothers and children.
Female cassowaries are larger than the males and are even more brightly colored.
Female cassowaries are the second-heaviest birds in the world.
Female cats are generally smaller than male cats.
Female cats are good hunters.
Female cats are induced ovulators.
Female cats are seasonally polyestrous.
Female cats become sexually mature between seven and twelve months of age.
Female cats can be just as territorial as males.
Female cats can breed before they are one year old.
Female cats can go into heat for the first time as early as five months of age.
Female cats can start having kittens at the same age, but can have more litters per year.
Female cats can whelp three or four times per year if made pregnant.
Female cats can, and often do, become pregnant while still nursing a litter of kittens.
Female cats choose nests that are dark.
Female cats come into heat cycles every three to four weeks during certain times of the year.
Female cats come into heat.
Female cats go into heat thought out the year here in Southern California.
Female cats have discharge.
Female cats have two X-chromosomes.
Female cats have two X's in each cell.
Female cats have vaginal discharge.
Female cats have years.
Female cats have yellow vaginal discharge.
Female cats inherit an X chromosome from the mother and from the father.
Female cats produce milk.
Female cats produce secretion.
Female cats produce watery secretion.
Female cats reach ages.
Female cats weigh pounds.
Most female cats come into heat.
Most female cats have discharge.
Most female cats have vaginal discharge.
Most female cats have years.
Most female cats have yellow vaginal discharge.
Most female cats produce milk.
Most female cats produce secretion.
Most female cats produce watery secretion.
Most female cats reach ages.
Most female cats weigh pounds.
Female caterpillars are often slightly longer than males.
Female catkins appear in the spring before the leaves are fully expanded.
Female catkins are greenish and erect.
Female catkins are much shorter, erect and woody, and occur on branching side twigs.
Female catkins are shorter and appear with the leaves.
Female catkins are smaller, short, bright green and erect.
Female catkins are the familiar pussy willows.
Female catkins form in the spring.
Female catkins have few flowers, while the male catkins are larger and many-flowered.
Female catkins occur in reddish clusters on a short stalk.
Female cattle are cows, males are bulls, and babies are calves.
Female cells are in many cases having more genetic information expressed than male cells.
Female centaurs represent the seductress, the lush, or the woman who is unbecomingly curious.
Female chaffinches tend to migrate farther in winter than males.
Most female chameleons lay eggs.
Female chaperones are always available to help female travelers with personal needs.
Female chaplains provide both counseling and evangelism.
Female characters are buxom, young and impossibly thin.
Female characters make especially important bugus .
Female characters play various percussion instruments.
Most female characters are highly stereotyped.
Female chauvinism thrives on television, too.
Female cheaters are more discreet in the selection of a lover .
Female cheerleaders are cute, sexy, fresh, and all-American.
Female cheerleaders begin to become more prevalent than male cheerleaders.
Female cheetahs are always solitary but males sometimes form groups of two or three.
Female cheetahs carry their young for a gestation period of around three months.
Female cheetahs give birth to around three cubs at a time.
Female cheetahs have interaction.
Female cheetahs live a solitary life and are only accompanied by their young.
Female cheetahs live alone most of the time except when raising their cubs.
Female cheetahs reach maturity.
Female cheetahs reach sexual maturity.
Female cheetahs take care.
Most female cheetahs have interaction.
Most female cheetahs reach maturity.
Most female cheetahs reach sexual maturity.
Most female cheetahs take care.
Some female cheetahs have partners.
Many female chefs are also involved in causes such as fighting hunger.
Female chickens are called pullets for their first year or until they begin to lay eggs.
A female child is a female
Female children are females.
Female children are stupid sluts, bitches etc.
Female children are targets of abuse within the family even as the abuse of boys also increases.
Female children have a bathtub drowning rate twice that of male children.
Female children start out with a selfish orientation.
Female chimps do stay close to home, and generally mate within the group.
Female chimps have breasts only when they are nursing and the males have bones in their penises.
Female chimps have mates.
Female chimps have much more say in the fathers of their children than previously imagined.
Female chimps have steady mates but sneak out to mate with a top male.
Female chimps lead life.
Female chimps mate with many males to share paternity and prevent infanticide.
Most female chimps have mates.
Most female chimps lead life.
Some female chimps occupy areas.
Some female chimps occupy core areas.
Female chimpanzees are difficult to study.
Female chimpanzees are under domination of the males.
Female chimpanzees come into estrus once a month.
Female chimpanzees take good care of their young ones.
Some female chimpanzees have multiple partners.
Some female chimpanzees have partners.
Some female chimpanzees seek protection.
Some female chimpanzees take care.
Female chins tend to come to one point in the middle.
Female chinchillas are highly sexually active, in heat for half of the year.
Female chinchillas are larger than male chinchillas.
Female chinchillas are mostly monogamous.
Female chinchillas have a postpartum estrus.
Many female chinchillas have irregular cycles.
Some female chinchillas lose weight.
Female choice can be a complex interaction between instinct and imitation.
Female choice creates either directional or stabilizing selection on static properties of calls.
Female choice is a striking example of maladaptive evolution.
Female choice selects for a viability-based male trait in pheasants.
Female choices are menstruation, for example.
Female cicadas die after laying eggs.
Female cicadas have auditory organs.
Female cicadas have organs.
Female cicadas make sound.
Most female cicadas have auditory organs.
Most female cicadas have organs.
Most female cicadas make sound.
Female circumcision causes needless suffering to many infants and young girls.
Female circumcision comes to America.
Female circumcision comprises cutting off the woman's partial or entire external genital organ.
Female circumcision consists of the removal of the clitoral hood or of the entire clitoris.
Female circumcision falls within the category of the permissible.
Female circumcision involves clitoridectomy, or removal of the clitoris.
Female circumcision is a case in point.
Female circumcision is ablation
Female circumcision is an important justice issue for women today.
Female circumcision is circumcision.
Female circumcision is clearly a human rights issue.
Female circumcision is clearly an issue with two sides.
Female circumcision is common throughout much of Africa and parts of the Middle East.
Female circumcision is desirable but optional.
Female circumcision is done for one reason - because the men prefer a woman's vagina thus mutilated.
Female circumcision is practiced on young girls , usually between the ages of four and eight.
Female circumcision is regarded in some Muslim cultures as matter of individual and family honour.
Some female clams have a unique way of attracting the right type of fish.
All female clans offer many activities and provide a place for the women to interact.
All female classes are prepared and presented by males only.
Female clients are welcome to bring a female friend.
Some female clients request a towel to cover their chest.
Some female climbers have activity levels.
Some female climbers have adequate fuel.
Some female climbers have fuel.
Some female climbers have high activity levels.
Some female climbers have high levels.
Some female climbers have levels.
Female clinicians are available.
Female coaches are less common than male coaches - and greatly appreciated.
Female coaches can continue their fight for equal treatment.
Female coaches find it hard to show intentional discrimination.
Most female coaches quit once they have children.
Female cockroaches seek low-status males, even though the couplings produce fewer sons as a result.
Female cod do, in fact, produce astonishing numbers of eggs.
Female colleagues show a particular fondness for the doctor.
Female colors can range from the yellow of the male to an almost solid blueish-black.
Female coloration is similar but less intense.
Female common goldeneyes have heads.
Some female commoners hold senior leadership positions in business.
Some female companions suffer health problems.
Some female companions suffer problems.
Female competition leads to monogamy.
Female condoms are also available.
Female condoms are available in drug stores and are an effective, female-controlled barrier method.
Female condoms are free from some family planning clinics.
Female condoms are more expensive and are less readily available than male condoms.
Female condoms are one possibility.
Female condoms are only available at some clinics.
Female condoms break too, apparently.
Female condoms collect the sperm that has entered the vagina.
Female condoms cover the external genitals and the walls of the vagina.
Female condoms cover the opening to the cervix and line the vaginal wall.
Female condoms provide some protection against infection.
Female cone is larger and bears megasporangia.
Female cones are large and conspicuous, with thick woody scales.
Female cones are larger and more scaly than male cones.
Female cones are long-lived.
Female cones are much larger and harder than the male cones.
Female cones are much larger than male cones.
Female cones are much more conspicuous and are retained for longer periods.
Female cones are quite different in size and shape from one kind of conifer to the next.
Female cones are solitary and purplish.
Female cones are stout, erect, and initially purplish in color.
Female cones are the more familiar cones that people associate with pine trees.
Female cones are usually singular, only one per plant, though there are a few exceptions.
Female cones develop from relatively smooth looking mounds to spikey, flower-like structures.
Female cones exude enough to draw the refugee thrips with their pollen cargo.
Female cones have centers.
Female cones have megasporangia located within ovules at the bases of the female cone scales.
Female cones have structures called ovules.
Female cones have structures.
Female cones produce eggs while male cones produce sperm.
Female cones produce eggs.
Female cones produce ovules within their scales.
Female cones produce seeds and male cones produce pollen.
Female cones produce seeds and the male cones produce pollen.
Most female cones have centers.
Most female cones have structures.
Some female cones contain ovules.
Some female cones contain seeds.
Some female cones produce ovules.
Some female cones produce seeds.
Some female cones produce spores.
Female conformation is typically dairy.
Female connectors have holes that the male connectors are able to fit into.
Female contacts are phosphor bronze, or beryllium copper.
Female convicts are landed at Sydney, leading to a wild night of sex, rape and a riot.
Female cottonmouths can store sperm in their oviducts for several months.
Most female cottonmouths reproduce every second year.
Female cottontails are more territorial than males, particularly during breeding season.
Female cottontails are slightly heavier than males.
Female cougars have no fixed breeding season.
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to fend for themselves .
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to fend for themselves.
Female counselors have a broader range of acceptable attire.
Female coyotes go into heat once a year.
Female crabs are smaller, with smooth, round shells.
Female crabs are usually smaller than males and contain bitter-tasting roe.
Female crabs can only mate after they molt, or shed their shell.
Female crabs carry eggs under the apron, which becomes distended as eggs mature.
Female crabs carry their own sperm packets that they can use to fertilize eggs if no mate is found.
Female crabs expend their energy on egg production, and therefore grow more slowly than male crabs.
Female crabs go into salinity water.
Female crabs go into water.
Female crabs lack it.
Female crabs reach size.
Female crabs seek habitats.
Most female crabs attain full growth and mate only once, during their second summer.
Most female crabs go into salinity water.
Most female crabs go into water.
Most female crabs reach size.
Most female crabs seek habitats.
Some female crabs bury in mud.
Some female crabs have abdominal flaps.
Some female crabs have flaps.
Some female crabs live in estuaries.
Female crayfish have a circular opening, like a tiny doughnut, which is their seminal receptacle .
Female crayfish have a circular opening, like a tiny doughnut, which is their seminal receptacle.
Female crickets are usually full of eggs that look like yellow rice.
Female crickets have a thin round tube on the end of their abdomen that they use to lay their eggs.
Female crickets have long, spear-shaped ovipositers that they use to lay eggs.
Most female crickets lack the necessary adaptations to stridulate, so make no sound.
Female crocodiles build soil nests on elevated, well-drained sites.
Female crocodiles prefer to lay their eggs in open, sandy and sunny areas close to water.
Female cubs stay with the group as they age.
Female cubs stay with their mothers for longer periods of time than do males.
Female cuckoo lays one egg in each nest.
Female cycling is a controversial issue in Iran.
Female damselflies have features on the front segment of the thorax.
Female darters are generally drabber in appearance.
Female deaths are significant because of the possible effect on the overall population.
Female deer are called does, cows or hinds.
Female deer called does never grow antlers.
Female deer change locations.
Female deer have adult life.
Female deer have life.
Female deer reach maturity.
Female deer reach sexual maturity.
Female deer require more protein in their diet during the spring to support pregnancy and lactation.
Most female deer have adult life.
Most female deer have life.
Most female deer reach maturity.
Most female deer reach sexual maturity.
Some female deer occupy different areas.
Female detectives are just as human as anyone else.
Female detectives fit the bill perfectly for many typical investigations.
Female devils are occupied with raising their young for all but approximately six weeks of the year.
Female dewlaps are smaller with tufts of hair protruding from the middle of their necks.
Female digs burrow almost vertically.
Female dissatisfaction is more predictive of breakup than is male dissatisfaction.
Female doctors run a weekly clinic dealing with women's issues.
Female dogs are dogs.
Female dogs are female animals.
Female dogs are less likely to yap than males.
Female dogs are made to have several litters per year, which is extremely dangerous and cruel.
Female dogs can develop breast cancer, just as women do.
Female dogs can mate and reproduce twice a year.
Female dogs come into heat every six months or so.
Female dogs experience a flow of blood as part of the reproductive process.
Female dogs experience the same kind of periods as humans.
Female dogs feel pain.
Female dogs go into heat every six months usually starting at six months of age.
Female dogs go into heat twice a year, lasting anywhere from three to fifteen days.
Female dogs go into heat.
Female dogs go through a heat cycle, called estrus, every six months.
Female dogs have time.
Female dogs have twice the likelihood of slipping a disc.
Female dogs receive diets.
Female dogs receive magnesium diets.
Female dogs show behavior.
Female dogs show nest behavior.
Female dogs tend to be irritable and snappy.
Female dogs tend to live slightly longer than male dogs in all breeds, including huskies.
Most female dogs feel pain.
Most female dogs go into heat.
Most female dogs have time.
Most female dogs receive diets.
Most female dogs receive magnesium diets.
Most female dogs show nest behavior.
Some female dogs come into seasons.
Some female dogs go through heat.
Some female dogs show pregnancy symptoms.
Some female dogs show symptoms.
Female dolls are often their favorite toy, and girls are regularly their preferred playmates.
Female dolls have vagina, clitoris and breasts.
Female dolphins become sexually attractive to males within days after losing a calf.
Female dolphins can bear a calf every two years but generally give birth every three years.
Female dolphins use the same anatomical trick that males do.
Female dominance imposes unusual diffidence and patience on males.
Female dominance is found in many lemur species.
Female dominance is present, and bondage through grooming is also shown.
Female donkeys produce good milk.
Female dragonflies lay eggs in or near water , often on plants .
Female dragonflies lay eggs in or near water, often in or on floating or emergent plants.
Female dragonflies lay eggs in or near water, often on floating or emergent plants.
Female dragonflies lay eggs in or near water, often on plants.
Some female dress is offensive.
Female drills lack the pink chin.
Female drivers are available upon request.
Female drivers continue to exhibit safer driving statistics than male drivers.
Many female drivers find it difficult to obtain funds for what is an expensive sport.
Female dropouts are also eight times more likely to smoke during pregnancies.
Female dropouts are more likely to become parents and are more likely to be single parents.
Female ducks select the nest site, usually within the home range of the drakes with which they mate.
Most female ducks are brown.
Female dugongs are the primary caregivers, and responsible for the raising of the calves.
Female dugongs give birth every three to seven years.
Female dugongs give birth to just one calf about once every five years.
Female dugongs give birth underwater to a single calf at three to seven year period of time.
Female dugongs have glands.
Female dugongs have mammary glands.
Female dugongs have pectoral mammary glands that they use to nurse their offspring.
Female dugongs reach maturity.
Female dugongs reach sexual maturity.
Most female dugongs have glands.
Most female dugongs have mammary glands.
Most female dugongs reach maturity.
Most female dugongs reach sexual maturity.
Some female dugongs attain maturity.
Some female dugongs attain sexual maturity.
Female dwarves are also short as well as stout albeit to a lesser degree.
Female eagles are also larger than the males.
Female eagles are larger than males.
Female eagles are the larger and heavier of the sexes.
Female eagles are usually larger than the males.
Female earwigs are very maternal, an unusual trait for insects.
Female earwigs show instinct.
Female earwigs show maternal instinct.
Female earwigs stay with the eggs and young nymphs .
Most female earwigs show instinct.
Most female earwigs show maternal instinct.
Female echidnas develop pouches.
Female echidnas dig burrows.
Female echidnas have glands.
Female echidnas incubate their eggs in pouches on their abdomens.
Most female echidnas develop pouches.
Most female echidnas have glands.
Some female echidnas possess pouches.
Some female echidnas reach ages.
Female editors are even more rare.
Female education is a problem.
Female education is acceptable by ale mentors.
Female education is quite costly, to what it used to be.
Female education is the investment with the highest social returns.
Female eels grow larger and are older than males of the same species at maturity.
Female egg develops.
Female eggs are fertilized by male sex cells.
Female eggs are laid in the back of the nest, and male eggs towards the front.
Female eggs can only develop on whitefly larvae.
Female ejaculation can occur with or without orgasm, and is very enjoyable.
Female ejaculation is the expelling of fluid from or around the urethra.
Female ejaculation varies.
Female elands reach sexual maturity at three years of age.
Female elders is the next biggest issue separating the reformed church.
Female elders sit on the other side.
Female elephants can have babies.
Female elephants carry fetuses.
Female elephants have babies about three years apart, and they have only one each time.
Female elephants have tusks.
Female elephants live in family groups, and adult males live alone or in unstable smaller groups.
Female elephants open mouths.
Female elephants reach maturity.
Female elephants reach sexual maturity.
Female elephants stay with their mothers in their matriarchal herd for their entire lives.
Many female elephants remain within their family group for their entire lives.
Most female elephants can have babies.
Most female elephants carry fetuses.
Most female elephants have tusks.
Most female elephants reach maturity.
Most female elephants reach sexual maturity.
Some female elephants affect pregnancy.
Some female elephants have phases.
Female elves feature in the army too.
Female elk are also vocal.
Female emancipation sets off a chain of events.
Some female embryos have ovaries.
Female employees are aware of potential risks to pregnancy by exposure to some gaseous anesthetics.
Female employees can also choose to be placed on leave of absence without pay for maternity.
Most female employees work in the educational and medial sectors.
Female empowerment is the subject, and it's sure to strike a chord.
Female emus make thudding, drumming noises and chicks emit whistling peeps.
Female endomorphs tend to have hips wider than their shoulders.
Female energy is a positive strength among both genders.
Female energy makes it a home.
Female engineers become irresistible at the age of consent and remain that way forever.
Female enrollment is higher than males at most levels, including university education.
Female enrollment is still low in male dominated fields such as physics, math and chemistry.
Female entrepreneurs collect a pittance of the venture capital handed out by money men.
Female entrepreneurs have economic potential.
Female entrepreneurs have homes.
Female entrepreneurs have potential.
Female entrepreneurs need guidance.
Female entrepreneurs start companies.
Most female entrepreneurs have economic potential.
Most female entrepreneurs have homes.
Most female entrepreneurs have potential.
Most female entrepreneurs start companies.
Female erotica is big business.
Female estimates represent half the male sampling targets.
Female estrus is accompanied by swelling of the labia and mucus discharge.
Female executives help other women crack the glass ceiling.
Many female eyes have very bad taste in men.
Female faces remain relatively childlike.
Female faculty are more likely to be honored and recognized for their achievements.
Female faculty constitute a lower percentage of faculty at full rank.
Female faculty deserve higher pay.
Female faculty find most job conditions as satisfactory as their male colleagues do.
Many female faculty say that they take on excessive administrative and mentoring responsibilities.
Female fairies ballet about stretching their skirt hems, and have huge hair.
Some female fairies are deadly to human lovers.
Female family planning workers often win respect for their knowledge.
Female fans are as spirited, opinionated, dedicated, competitive, and intelligent as men.
Female farmers face several constraints in production .
Female farmers have a significant role in household food security .
Female farmers have poor access to production inputs, credit, and training.
Female farmers have their own selection criteria and expertise to maintain preferred varieties .
Female fawns born early in spring have the potential to breed by the following fall.
Female fawns produce offspring.
Female fawns stay with mothers.
Female fawns weigh pounds.
Most female fawns produce offspring.
Most female fawns stay with mothers.
Most female fawns weigh pounds.
Female ferrets are smaller than the male in the species.
Female ferrets come into heat and stay in heat for months.
Female ferrets ovulate when they breed.
Female fertility can suffer because of passive smoking, making it harder to conceive a child.
Female fetuses are far more likely to be affected by teratogens than male fetuses.
Female fetuses are less vulnerable to undernutrition because they grow more slowly.
Female figures are very rare in Barye's works.
Female figures lie motionless in eerily empty landscapes, without agency, without identity.
More female figures Click to view an enlarged image.
Female finches exhibit interesting reactions to such sartorial innovations.
Female fireflies flash their light in certain rhythmic patterns.
Female fireflies lay eggs in the soil.
Female fireflies mimic for survival.
Female fireflies watch for male fireflies that flash their lights in a certain rhythmic pattern.
Female fish are slightly bigger, plumper at the belly, and more silvery.
Female fish are slightly larger than males in fish of the same age.
Female fish contain spawn in egg skeins.
Female fish grow faster and larger than males.
Female fish grow larger and faster, and live longer than males.
Female fish have two equally sized holes.
Female fish produce an average of five to six hundred thousand eggs.
Female fish tend to live longer lives than male fish.
Female fishes lay hundreds, or even millions, of eggs.
Some female fish change into males in response to local sex ratio or social cues.
Female fitness is limited by resources.
Female flagella refers to a sensory organ present in some eukaryotes.
Female flea requires a blood meal prior to ovogensis.
Female fleas can lay eggs only if they've had a meal.
Female fleas lay eggs, usually on the host, after taking a blood meal.
Female fleas mate only once.
All female floors offer single gender living for females, however, visitation by males is permitted.
Female flounder are larger than male flounder of the same age.
Female flounders live longer and reach a larger size than the males.
Female flower opens.
Female flowers are also in catkins but have fewer flowers per cluster.
Female flowers are exceptionally fragrant and only female trees produce pods.
Female flowers are in clusters in the axils of upper leaves and branches.
Female flowers are inconspicuous and scattered at the base of male flowers.
Female flowers are larger and near the trunk.
Female flowers are larger, usually white or cream in color, with five free petals.
Female flowers are less noticeable.
Female flowers are much more variable and detailed illustrations are provided for each species.
Female flowers are on a much thicker stalk and have a tiny little squash just behind the flower.
Female flowers are pinkish and appear at the tips of short terminal branchlets.
Female flowers are reddish and appear as single spikes.
Female flowers are relatively large and rounded at the base.
Female flowers are sma dark red, and inconspicuous.
Female flowers are small, pale green and commonly solitary or in clusters at the nodes.
Female flowers are solitary or in pairs.
Female flowers are solitary, larger then male flowers, with yellow-whitish small petals.
Female flowers are solitary, male flowers are in clusters at the leaf axils.
Female flowers are the cone or fruit producing flower and the male flower is the pollinating flower.
Female flowers are unknown.
Female flowers are very small and green and they are on spikes that are approx.
Female flowers bear pollen.
Female flowers bear viable pollen.
Female flowers become a cluster of achenes, each bearing a long, plumose awn derived from the style.
Female flowers bracteate at base, ovary fusiform, muricate.
Female flowers consist of ovary below the petals, stigma, and pistil.
Female flowers contain stigma.
Female flowers develop into a fruit containing a single seed.
Female flowers develop into fruit.
Female flowers develop on top of the branches.
Female flowers emerge and mature before male flowers, ensuring cross pollination.
Female flowers emerge within one to two weeks.
Female flowers have a miniature fruit behind the flower petals while the male simply sits on a stem.
Female flowers have a small swelling at the base of the flower.
Female flowers have an inferior ovary.
Female flowers have functional ovaries but nonfunctional stamens.
Female flowers have one pistil and are surrounded by spiny scales.
Female flowers have petals.
Female flowers have pistils.
Female flowers have single pistils.
Female flowers have small, immature fruit at their base.
Female flowers have small, leaflike, three-lobed, green scales.
Female flowers have stamens.
Female flowers mimic typical male flowers.
Female flowers minute, obscure, near end of branch.
Female flowers occur in the leaf axils lower on the plants.
Female flowers occur on plants.
Female flowers produce nectar.
Female flowers produce oblong seeds.
Female flowers produce seeds that ripen into pale green keys by late summer.
Female flowers produce seeds.
Female flowers stand up in the wind.
Most female flowers bear pollen.
Most female flowers bear viable pollen.
Most female flowers contain stigma.
Most female flowers develop into fruit.
Most female flowers have petals.
Most female flowers have pistils.
Most female flowers have single pistils.
Most female flowers have stamens.
Most female flowers occur on plants.
Most female flowers produce nectar.
Most female flowers produce oblong seeds.
Most female flowers produce seeds.
Some female flowers come in contact.
Some female flowers contain florets.
Some female flowers contain ovules.
Some female flowers develop berries.
Some female flowers develop into bananas.
Some female flowers develop into seeds.
Some female flowers grow on plants.
Some female flowers have bases.
Some female flowers have sepals.
Some female flowers have twigs.
Some female flowers lack petals.
Some female flowers occur on trees.
Some female flowers produce berries.
Some female flowers produce fruit.
Some female flowers produce green berries.
Female flies are female animals.
Female flies are flies.
Female flies attack animals while males are attracted to flowers.
Female flies feed on secretions from the wounds and orifices of cattle and horses.
Female flies have four crossbands on the abdomen, and males have three.
Female flies lay eggs in fruit.
Female flies lay eggs just under the skin of the apple.
Female flies lay eggs on or near suitable habitats.
Female flies lay white, oblong eggs in groups just under the skin of mature, ripening fruit.
Female flies pick mates with sexy eyes .
Most female flies produce hundreds of eggs.
Female foals are called fillies.
Female forewing has a transparent square spot at the end of the cell.
Female forewing is gray-brown and has a black line outlining a darker basal area.
Female friendship is a propositiona lure for feeling, a beckoning to a response.
Female frogs give reciprocal, aggressive calls, as well.
Female frogs respond only to the call made by males of their own species.
Female frogs think croaking is very sexy.
Female fruit flies in a population prefer to mate with a male with an unusual phenotype.
Female gametangia are called archegonia, and male gametangia are called antheridia.
Female gamete is called an ovum.
Female gametes are called ova or egg cells, and male gametes are called sperm.
Female gametes are eggs or ova.
Female gametes are found in the ovules of a flower.
Female gametophyte is a few cells inside of the structures that become the seed.
Female gametophyte is retained whereas male gametophyte is transfer during pollination.
Female gametophyte provides nutrition to embryo.
Female gametophytes develop from megaspores.
Female gametophytes develop in megasporangia, while male gametophytes develop in microsporangia.
Female gametophytes live within the parent sporophyte.
Female gametophytes occur only in the seeds, and male gametophytes only in the pollen.
Female gametophytes produce a carpogonium with a trichogyne.
Female gametophytes remain unisexual.
Some female gametophytes become sporophytes.
Some female gametophytes consist of archegoniums.
Some female gametophytes develop from haploid spores.
Some female gametophytes develop from spores.
Some female gametophytes have heat.
Some female gametophytes produce ovaries.
Some female gametophytes use mitosis.
Female gars get larger and live longer than male gars do.
Female gardeners commit some of the most heinous fashion crimes.
Female gardeners take special interest in the appearance of both themselves and their homes.
Female gators defend the nests from hungry egg thieves such as raccoons.
Female gazelles copulate with more then one male.
Female gazelles have horns.
Most female gazelles have horns.
Some female gazelles reproduce during years.
Female gender is a risk factor for torsades de pointes in an in vitro animal model.
A female genitalia is a sex organ
Female genitalia Inspect the labia, clitoris, urethral opening and external vaginal vault.
Female genotypes affect sperm displacement in Drosophila .
Female gerbils are more prone to abdominal tumors and ovarian cysts.
Female gerbils have more obvious nipples.
Female gerbils reach maturity.
Female gerbils reach sexual maturity.
Most female gerbils reach maturity.
Most female gerbils reach sexual maturity.
Some female gerbils develop cysts.
Some female gerbils have nipples.
Female gerenuks give birth standing up, and the newborn can stand less than an hour after birth.
Female gestation is around seven to eight months, after which one offspring is born.
Many female giants have magical properties beyond their health and beauty.
Female gibbons produce only one offspring every two years.
Female ginkgo trees bear fruit.
Female ginkgo trees grow in gardens.
Some female ginkgoes bear blue-green colored fruit, which turn yellow when ripe.
Female glands are the only functional glands.
Female goals count for two.
Female goats are able to be milked.
Female goats are also capable of growing a beard.
Female goats are called does or sometimes doelings if they are less than a year old.
Female goats have a slightly longer gestation period than ewes.
Female goats occur at elevation.
Most female goats occur at elevation.
Some female goats browse juniper.
Female gobies prefer male gobies with large bodies.
Female goldeneyes have heads.
Most female goldeneyes have heads.
Female goldfish have rounder and thicker bodies than males.
Female goldfishes produce offspring.
Most female goldfishes produce offspring.
Most female gonads are telogonic.
Female gorillas approach males to initiate mating, and are only sexually receptive during estrous.
Female gorillas are shorter, with smaller arm spans.
Female gorillas give birth to one infant after a pregnancy of nearly nine months.
Female gorillas reach ages.
Female gorillas reach maturity.
Female gorillas take great care with their young, sometimes with other females babysitting.
Most female gorillas reach ages.
Most female gorillas reach maturity.
Some female gorillas die at zoos.
Some female gorillas have crests.
Female grasshoppers tend to grow larger than male grasshoppers.
Female gray wolves reach maturity.
Female gray wolves reach sexual maturity.
Female greyhounds tend to be smaller.
Female groups consist of one to a few does and their offspring.
Female groups have trouble recruiting the best voices on campuses with competing co-ed groups.
Female guerezas remain in their natal group.
Female guests wear suits, dresses or saris.
ALL female guests are eligible.
Female guides are available for groups of women preferring an all-female trip.
Female guinea pigs have membranes.
Female guinea pigs have vaginal membranes.
Female guppies have spots.
Female guppies prefer to mate with males having a high percentage of orange coloration.
All female guppies have a dark triangular area on the back of the female's belly.
Most female guppies have spots.
Some female guppies have babies.
Some female guppies have healthy babies.
Female gymnasts compete on the vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor.
Female hackers do exist.
Female halibut grow faster and reach larger sizes than male halibut.
Female halibut live longer and grow faster and larger than do males.
Female hands disembowel the bird .
Female hares can produce two to five litters per year with three to four young per litter.
Female hawks are bigger than the males.
Female hawksbills nest on beaches.
Female herds are very open and are always changing.
Female herds tend to be loose and have no distinct leadership.
Female hierarchies are strictly matrilinear, and each female holds a specific rank with the troop.
Female hippos reach maturity.
Female hippos reach sexual maturity.
Female hippos are well endowed.
Most female hippos reach sexual maturity.
Female hollies have berries.
Female home ranges largely coincide with that of their mates.
Female home ranges never overlap, though a male's home range often overlaps that of several females.
Female homosexuality does run in families, but there's no clear indication that it is genetic.
Female homosexuality is known as lesbianism.
Female hormone is estrogen.
Female hormones are estrogen and progesterone.
Female hormones give our tissue the ability to have normal sexual function.
Female hormones perform functions.
Female hormones perform important functions.
Female hormones perform many important functions.
Female hormones protect women in their younger years.
Female hormones seem to worsen symptoms during pregnancy and menstrual cycles.
Female hormones tend to help protect women until levels decrease after menopause.
Most female hormones perform functions.
Most female hormones perform important functions.
Most female hormones perform many important functions.
Some female hormones control metabolism.
Female horn flies deposit eggs in fresh manure, where the larvae complete development.
Female horns are always smaller.
Female horns are slightly shorter, thinner and curve slightly more backwards.
Female horns are smaller than the rams and never exceed half a curl.
Female horns are smaller, thin and curved.
Female horns are thinner and less massive appearing.
Female horns have a tendency to get a bit wavy towards the top.
Many female hornbills build their nests in tree cavities and are then sealed in by their mates.
Female hostesses are free and their escorts receive a discount.
Female humans begin to dislike what they see only a few years later.
Female humans carry children.
Female humans reach their sexual peaks at thirty.
Most female humans carry children.
Female hummingbirds are born with two ovaries.
Female hummingbirds are usually larger than male hummingbirds.
Female hummingbirds build their nests on top of limbs of deciduous trees.
Female hummingbirds do all the nest building.
Female hummingbirds visit territory.
Most female hummingbirds visit territory.
Female humpbacks are also very nurturing mothers.
Female humpbacks are slightly larger then males.
Female hunger can explain variation in cannibalism despite male sacrifice in redback spiders.
Female hyenas are larger than males.
Female hyenas are wonderful moms.
Female hyenas dominate the males, the opposite of the situation with lions.
Female hyenas have nipples.
Female hyenas possess organs.
Female hyenas possess reproductive organs.
Female hyenas wear the pants in the family.
Most female hyenas have nipples.
Most female hyenas possess organs.
Most female hyenas possess reproductive organs.
Female hypogonadism is defined as serum oestrogen levels below the age matched normal range.
Female iguanas dig burrows.
Female iguanas dig nest burrows.
Female iguanas tend to choose mates directly based on male phenotypes.
Female iguanas visit the lek to choose which male they wish to mate.
Female illiteracy is higher in rural than in urban areas.
Female illiteracy remail high, particularly in some of the more socially backward states.
Female incomes tend to benefit children and other vulnerable groups more than do the incomes of men.
Female indigos are bright brown and the painteds are a deep green.
Female infants are more responsive to the sound of a human voice in distress.
Female infants enter life.
Female infants have contact.
Female infants have higher leptin concentrations than do male babies.
Female infants have survival.
Most female infants enter life.
Most female infants have contact.
Most female infants have survival.
Female infertility can result from infections of untreated sexually transmitted diseases.
Female infertility is more complex.
Female infertility means the male is unable to impregnate the female because of female factors.
Female inflorescences are smaller.
Female inflorescences are usually shorter.
Female infructescence is almost ripe.
Female inkberries produce small black fruits in the fall.
Female inkberries produce small, black fruits in the fall.
Many female insects release an odor to signal their readiness for mating.
Some female insects have bases.
Some female insects have projections.
Female instructors are available upon request.
Female instructors are scarce and the ladies are yearning for more examples to look up to.
Female instructors give less feedback after wrong answers or no response.
Female jackrabbits have their babies in the early summer.
Female juveniles are a bright rufous, and old females are as grey as young males.
Female kangaroos are grey and males are reddish brown.
Female kangaroos are somewhat smaller than the males.
Female kangaroos have pouches to carry their baby joeys.
Female kangaroos have pouches.
Female kangaroos have pouchs.
All female kangaroos have a well-developed pouch that opens forward and contains four teats.
All female kangaroos have front-opening pouches, which contain four teats.
Most female kangaroos have pouches.
Some female kangaroos carry babies.
Female katydids make sound.
Female katydids mate in the summer, and lay eggs in sticks or in the ground.
Most female katydids make sound.
Female keas remain in their natal area, while young males have been observed dispersing.
Female kestrels are slightly larger than male kestrels.
Female kestrels tend to have slightly lower pitched and harsher voices than males.
Some female kestrels have different roles.
Some female kestrels have roles.
Female killer whales have babies.
Female kittens stay with mothers.
Most female kittens stay with mothers.
Female koalas are smaller than males.
Female koalas can mate up to once per year.
Female koalas carry babies.
Female koalas have a pouch, a distinguishing characteristic of marsupials.
Female koalas occupy distinct home ranges.
Female koalas occupy ranges.
Female koalas weigh about seventeen pounds and are two feet tall.
Most female koalas carry babies.
Most female koalas occupy distinct home ranges.
Female labour is valued for productive tasks as well as for household chores.
Female ladybugs lay their eggs on the underside of leaves.
Female langurs attain maturity.
Female langurs inhabit sites.
Female larvae have one molt more than male larvae.
Female larvae molt three times before reaching adult maturity.
All female larvae have the potential to become either workers or queens.
Some female larvae develop into queens.
Female laureates are rare, particularly in the science categories.
Female lawyers are outside the law, cloud the truth and destroy order.
Female lawyers are outside the law, cloud truth and destroy order.
Female leaders are stand-ins for our own mothers.
Female leaders tend to be best when roles are defined in feminine terms.
Female leatherback turtles dig pits.
Female leatherbacks return to beaches.
Female leatherbacks return to nest beaches.
Female leatherbacks return to same nest beaches.
Female leatherbacks return to the same nesting beach to lay their eggs.
Most female leatherbacks return to beaches.
Most female leatherbacks return to nest beaches.
Most female leatherbacks return to same nest beaches.
Some female leatherbacks dig deep holes.
Some female leatherbacks dig holes.
Some female leatherbacks follow migration routes.
Some female leatherbacks follow routes.
Some female leatherbacks nest on beaches.
Female lemmings give birth to the baby lemmings after a gestation period of around three weeks.
Female lemurs get the best food.
Some female lemurs come into heat.
Some female lemurs enter dormant states.
Some female lemurs enter states.
Female leopards are usually only two-thirds the size of male leopards.
Female leopards can give birth at any time of the year.
Female leopards stay closer to home, even developing territories that overlap with their mother's.
Female lice are larger than males.
Some female lice become lice.
Female life spans dependents on reproductive status.
Female lifeguards whistle away boats that stray near ogling range.
Female lions ambush zebras.
Female lions are about one foot shorter than male lions.
Female lions are also capable of synchronous breeding.
Female lions are better at hunting than male lions.
Female lions are smaller and lighter than males.
Female lions are the primary hunters of the group.
Female lions can breed several times a year.
Female lions do most of the hunting, while male lions defend the pride's territory.
Female lions do spray but only occasionally.
Female lions have bloody noses.
Female lions have noses.
Most female lions have bloody noses.
Most female lions have noses.
Female literacy is the lowest.
Most female lizards lay eggs.
Female llamas can become disrespectful and difficult too.
Female llamas carry babies.
Female llamas reach full height.
Female llamas reach height.
Most female llamas carry babies.
Most female llamas reach full height.
Most female llamas reach height.
Some female llamas show abnormalities.
Female lobsters can carry live sperm for up to two years.
Female lobsters mate primarily when they are in the soft-shell state, right after molting.
Female lobsters reach maturity.
Female lobsters reach sexual maturity.
Most female lobsters reach maturity.
Most female lobsters reach sexual maturity.
Female longevity creates another barrier to sexual activity in later years.
Female lust is evident as juicy tits rub and slide.
Female mallard ducks have brown color.
Female mallard ducks have color.
Female mallard ducks have light brown color.
Female mallard ducks have light color.
Female mallards have a sense of homing when returning to the breeding grounds.
Female mallards have plain brownish plumage, with distinctive blue feathers on the wings.
Female mallards have senses.
Most female mallards have senses.
A female mammal is a female
A female mammal is a mammal
Female mammals are female animals.
Female mammals are females.
Female mammals are mammals.
Female mammals can produce milk for their young and give live birth.
Female mammals feed their babies with milk they produce from glands in their bodies.
Female mammals have glands.
Female mammals have mammary glands.
Female mammals have ovaries.
Female mammals have two X chromosomes.
Female mammals have uteruses.
Female mammals make eggs, which always have an X chromosome.
Female mammals produce milk and feed their babies with it.
Female mammals produce milk to feed their young.
Female mammals produce milk.
Female mammals provide nourishment.
All female mammals have mammary glands , which secrete milk to nourish the young.
All female mammals have ovaries, the organs that produce .
Most female mammals have glands.
Most female mammals have mammary glands.
Most female mammals have ovaries.
Most female mammals have uteruses.
Most female mammals produce milk.
Most female mammals provide nourishment.
Some female mammals have copies.
Some female mammals have patches.
Female managers are typically more sensitive and warm than their male counterparts.
Female managers communicate with more emotional openness and drama than male managers.
Female managers risk differently than male managers.
Female managers tend to try and run things themselves.
Most female managers reach middle management levels relatively easily.
Female manatees are generally larger than the males.
Female manatees begin reproducing at about four years of age.
Female manatees deliver only one calf every three to five years.
Female manatees go into heat.
Female manatees reach sexual maturity between the ages of two and five.
Female manatees reach sexual maturity when they are about four-seven years old.
Female manatees tend to be larger than the males.
Most female manatees go into heat.
Some female manatees reach maturity.
Some female manatees reach sexual maturity.
Female mandarin ducks have bills.
Female mandrills are smaller than their male counterparts.
Some female mandrills attain maturity.
Some female mandrills attain sexual maturity.
Female mantids do sometimes attack and eat males during courtship or mating.
Female mantises consume mantises.
Most female mantises consume mantises.
Some female mantises produce pheromone.
Female markhors give a distinctive nasal call when approaching their young.
Female markhors live in herds while males only join herds during the breeding season.
Female marmosets have freedom.
Most female marmosets have freedom.
Some female marmosets show differences.
Female marsupials bear mammary glands and carry their immature young in a stomach pouch.
Female marsupials have a pouch in which they carry their baby, called a joey.
Female marsupials have a pouch on their abdomen in which they carry and nurse their young.
Female marsupials have pouches to carry their babies.
Female marsupials have very small and weak babies.
All female marsupials have pouches in which they carry their babies.
Most female marsupials carry their young in an abdominal pouch called a marsupium.
Most female marsupials have a pouch in which they carry their babies.
Most female marsupials have pouches.
Female masturbation can also protect against cervical infections .
Female masturbation can also protect against cervical infections.
Female masturbation is a normal sexual practice.
Female masturbation is something all girls do.
Female meadow voles reach maturity.
Female meadow voles reach reproductive maturity.
Female meadowlarks build similar nests.
Female mealybugs have only three nymphal stages.
Female means are in parentheses.
Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year .
Female meerkats can have up to three litters in one year.
Female megaspores develop into egg cells in the plant ovary.
Female members are usually larger than the male ones.
Female members wear a veiling over their head during prayer and worship according to the Scriptures.
Female membership is on the rise within all the gangs.
Female mentors can be important role models in the career advancement of their female proteges.
Female midges bite to get blood so that they can lay eggs.
Female midges make wee slits in lower leaf surfaces and lay eggs in spring.
Female mimicry is an alternative male reproductive strategy.
Female ministers are by nature concerned about spiritual food, exercise, and rest to assure growth.
Female mink are sexually mature at one year of age.
Female mink is generally lighter in weight, softer and more supple than male mink.
Female mink reach their adult weight by the fall of their first year.
Female minks reach maturity.
Female minks reach sexual maturity.
Most female minks reach maturity.
Most female minks reach sexual maturity.
Female minorities suffer the brunt of dual discrimination.
Female mites have legs.
Female mites prepare an exit for the larvae in the region of the corridor.
Female mites sneak into the larva cells before the cells are covered over to let the bees develop.
Most female mites have legs.
Some female mites have expectancy.
Some female mites have life expectancy.
Some female mites leave burrows.
Some female mites live for months.
Some female mites travel up to cms.
Female model has optional parts included to simulate pregnancy.
Female models get to do a minimum of two shows a week and are paid handsomely too, pardon the pun.
Female monarchs have responsibility.
Most female monarchs have responsibility.
Some female monarchs pass through areas.
Female monkeys experience a growth spurt earlier and at a lower degree than males.
Female monkeys have capability.
Female monkeys have mortality.
Female monkeys lead life.
Female monkeys range in ages.
Female monkeys reach maturity.
Female monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Female monkeys weigh around grams.
Most female monkeys have capability.
Most female monkeys have mortality.
Most female monkeys lead life.
Most female monkeys range in ages.
Most female monkeys reach maturity.
Most female monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Most female monkeys weigh around grams.
Some female monkeys develop fatal illnesses.
Some female monkeys develop illnesses.
Some female monkeys have infants.
Some female monkeys produce antibodies.
Female monotremes are like reptiles and birds, with a cloaca with one opening.
Female monotremes have a with only one opening.
Female monotremes secrete milk through pores on the surface of the abdomen.
Female moose are very protective and nurturing mothers.
Female moose give birth to one or two calves in the spring.
Female moose have calves.
Female moose weigh pounds.
Most female moose have calves.
Female mortality is lower than that of males.
Female mosquitoes acquire the virus by taking a blood meal from an infected host.
Female mosquitoes bite cows.
Female mosquitoes can lay up to four hundred eggs if the mosquito has had a blood meal.
Female mosquitoes can transmit diseases when they bite.
Female mosquitoes carry diseases.
Female mosquitoes detect carbon dioxide emitted from warm-blooded animals over long distances.
Female mosquitoes feed on blood.
Female mosquitoes feed on nectar and blood.
Female mosquitoes feed on nectar.
Female mosquitoes feed to get a sufficient blood meal to develop eggs.
Female mosquitoes find people to bite by following air trails of carbon dioxide.
Female mosquitoes hatch.
Female mosquitoes have long proboscises.
Female mosquitoes have proboscises.
Female mosquitoes imbibe blood so that their eggs can mature prior to laying.
Female mosquitoes live for months.
Female mosquitoes look for a red-blooded victim after mating.
Female mosquitoes need blood.
Female mosquitoes need proteins.
Female mosquitoes rely on fresh water to lay their eggs.
Female mosquitoes require a blood meal in order to produce eggs.
Female mosquitoes require a blood meal to fertilize their eggs.
Female mosquitoes require a blood meal to lay eggs.
Female mosquitoes require a blood meal to provide the protein needed to mature their eggs.
Female mosquitoes require blood for egg development.
Female mosquitoes require blood meals.
Female mosquitoes require blood to produce eggs, so they bite humans.
Female mosquitoes require blood.
Female mosquitoes require meals.
Female mosquitoes suck blood.
Female mosquitoes transmit the malaria parasite, which kills blood cells.
Female mosquitoes transmit viruses.
Female mosquitos are female animals.
Female mosquitos are mosquitos.
Female mosquitos suck the blood of other animals and humans for food.
Most female mosquitoes carry diseases.
Most female mosquitoes feed on blood.
Most female mosquitoes feed on nectar.
Most female mosquitoes have long proboscises.
Most female mosquitoes have proboscises.
Most female mosquitoes live for months.
Most female mosquitoes require blood meals.
Most female mosquitoes require blood.
Most female mosquitoes require meals.
Most female mosquitoes suck blood.
Most female mosquitoes transmit viruses.
Some female mosquitoes feed on men.
Some female mosquitoes find locations.
Some female mosquitoes find shady locations.
Some female mosquitoes spend the winter in protected places like caves and the basements of houses.
Some female mosquitoes take blood meals.
Some female mosquitoes take first blood meals.
Some female mosquitoes take meals.
Female mosquitofish are one of our few native livebearing fish.
Female mosquitofish are one of our few native live-bearing fish.
Some female mosquitofishs reach maturity.
Some female mosquitofishs reach sexual maturity.
Female moths are flightless and crawl from their pupation sites to mate and lay eggs.
Female moths are larger than males.
Female moths are nearly white with faint, dark wavy bands on the forewings.
Female moths are typically ready to mate one week after eclosion , and do so only once.
Female moths are unable to fly because of the numerous eggs they carry.
Female moths are white with brown markings and don t fly.
Female moths deposit eggs on grain kernels throughout the crib.
Female moths deposit greenish-yellow eggs single on the undersides of host plant leaves.
Female moths deposit hair-covered egg masses on the undersides of leaves of their food plants.
Female moths deposit their eggs in the middle of summer.
Female moths deposit their eggs on the bark of trees, usually on the lower trunk.
Female moths deposit their eggs then die, never leaving the bag.
Female moths deposit their pale green eggs singly on host plants.
Female moths drink water.
Female moths drop eggs as they fly in their zig zag pattern.
Female moths have eggs stored in their bodies.
Female moths have scent glands on the abdomen that secrete pheromones .
Female moths have structures.
Female moths have unique structures.
Female moths mate and begin laying eggs soon after emerging.
Female moths prefer to lay their eggs in dense, grassy vegetation.
Female moths release chemicals into the air to attract males.
Female moths release pheromone to attract males.
Female moths use pheromone.
Most female moths drink water.
Most female moths have structures.
Most female moths have unique structures.
Most female moths use pheromone.
Some female moths attract mates.
Some female moths collect pollen.
Some female moths have glands.
Some female moths have scent glands.
Some female moths live for weeks.
Some female moths look completely different from their male counterpart.
Some female moths produce pheromone.
Some female moths use mouthparts.
Female mountain goats occur at elevation.
Female mountain lions have bloody noses.
Female mountain lions have noses.
Female mice are more sociable in captivity than in the wild.
Female mice are only receptive to male mice while they are in estrus.
Female mice display less pain behavior than males following acetic acid or formalin administration.
Female mice get along well together, whereas some males can be aggressive.
Female mice have babies.
Female mice prefer the odor of uninfected males over males infected with influenza viruses.
Female mice rely on the companionship of other female mice.
Female mice take only a month or two to grow up and have their own young.
Most female mice have babies.
Female mud crabs seek habitats.
Female mules can sometimes be fertile.
Female musicians disagree.
Female musicians have no reason to be angry.
Female muskellunge grow faster and live longer than males.
Female mussels are slightly orange in color, while the male of the species is creamy white.
Female mussels brood their young from the egg to the larval stage in their gills.
Female mussels can reach maturity in less than a year.
Female mussels release tiny larvae called glochidia.
Female mutants are poor mothers.
Female names are on the left, and male names on the right.
Female necks are significantly shorter.
Female nematodes have a short, cuticle-lined rectum between the anus and the intestine.
Female nematodes release infective juveniles which go out and find other host larvae in the soil.
Some female nematodes have recta.
Some female nematodes invade skin.
Female networks are more fluid, but appear to be equally important.
Female newts are very difficult to identify.
Female nude ca.
Female nude is the only motive of paintings.
Female nyala are a characteristic rusty red, with white stripes down their sides.
Female nymphs have four instars.
Female nymphs resemble the adult except for smaller size.
Female nymphs resemble the larger adult females.
Female ocelots have litters of two or three darkly colored kittens.
Female ocelots reach maturity.
Most female ocelots reach maturity.
Some female ocelots have kittens.
Female offenders convicted of robbery and assault receive relatively short sentences.
Female offenders make up a much smaller proportion of the inmate population than male offenders.
Female officers are available upon request.
Female officers work in agencies.
Most female officers work in agencies.
Some female officers answer calls.
Some female officers answer phone calls.
Some female officers face bias.
Some female officers utilize style.
A female offspring is a child
A female offspring is a female
Female offspring are philopatric, male offspring disperse at maturity.
Female offspring are the result of less perfect development and resemble their mothers.
Female offspring bear to mothers.
Female offspring bear to obese mothers.
Female offspring have eyes.
Female offspring have health problems.
Female offspring have problems.
Female offspring have red eyes.
Female offspring receive an X chromosome from both the sperm and egg.
Female offspring remain in the colony while male young disperse.
Female offspring stay with mothers.
Most female offspring have eyes.
Most female offspring have health problems.
Most female offspring have problems.
Most female offspring have red eyes.
Some female offspring have resistance.
Female ones are called bitches, jills or does.
Female opossums have a fur-lined pouch located on the underside of the abdomen.
Female opossums have pouches.
Most female opossums have pouches.
Female orangutans are considerably shorter, with an average height of just three feet.
Female orangutans give birth, on average, only once every eight years.
Female orangutans have babies.
Female orangutans have food.
Female orangutans reach adulthood.
Female orangutans reach maturity.
Female orangutans reach sexual maturity.
Most female orangutans have babies.
Most female orangutans have food.
Most female orangutans reach adulthood.
Most female orangutans reach maturity.
Most female orangutans reach sexual maturity.
Some female orangutans avoid contact.
Some female orangutans have lower reproductive output.
Some female orangutans have output.
Some female orangutans have reproductive output.
Some female orangutans show differences.
Female orcas reach maturity at xx years old, and males at xx years old.
Some female organs consist of ovaries.
Female orgasm helps sperm thru plug.
Female orgasm is a foreign concept, doubted to exist.
Female oryx has thinner and longer horns as compared to the male oryx.
Female osprey incubate the eggs with occasional help from the male.
Female osprey incubates the eggs with occasional help from the male.
Female ospreys are usually bigger than males.
Female otters can give birth at any time of the year.
Most female otters give birth to two or three young at a time.
Female ovaries are two almond shaped glands on each side of the uterus.
Female owls are larger than the males.
Female owls are usually larger than their mates.
Female paint turtles use feet.
Female paint turtles use hind feet.
Female palms bear clusters of large, brown fruits, the size of grapefruits or melons.
Female pandas are ready to have a baby only once a year .
Female pandas are ready to have a baby only once a year.
Female pandas eat bamboo leaves.
Female pandas eat leaves.
Female pandas ovulate just once a year, in the spring.
Female pandas ovulate only once a year, in the spring.
Female pandas tend to stay in smaller ranges than males do.
Most female pandas eat bamboo leaves.
Most female pandas eat leaves.
Some female pandas eat bamboo.
Some female pandas reach maturity.
Some female pandas reach sexual maturity.
Some female pandas weigh pounds.
Female panthers have roughly half the home range of males.
Some female parrots have ovaries.
Female participants are welcome.
Female participants report more total years with symptoms compared to male participants.
Female participants wear black dresses without any hat.
Female patients have more postoperative complications than male patients.
Most female patients find the use of personal lubricants solves the problem of vaginal dryness.
Most female patients have ovarian failure.
Some female patients receive agent chemotherapy.
Some female patients receive chemotherapy.
Female patterns are somewhat different.
Female pedophiles are rare.
Female perch grow faster than most males.
Female peregrines are larger than males.
Female perpetrators are the last taboo of the last taboo.
Female pheasant are brown and also have a long tail.
Female pheasants are all much duller than their male partners.
Female pheasants have bellies.
Most female pheasants have bellies.
Female physicians are younger on average than are male physicians.
Female physicians have much to offer.
Female physicians lag in income and are underrepresented in research and leadership positions.
Female physicians show some particular areas of risk.
Female physicians talk more and so do their patients, so more information is exchanged.
Female physicians tend to cluster in several specialties.
Female pig is called a sow.
Female pigs are excellent truffle hunters, with one significant flaw.
Female pigs are kept pregnant continually.
Female pigs can give birth twice a year.
Female pigs have matching shaped vaginas.
Female pigs have membranes.
Female pigs have vaginal membranes.
Female pigs reach maturity.
Female pigs reach sexual maturity.
Female pigs sniff truffles out.
Most female pigs have membranes.
Most female pigs have vaginal membranes.
Most female pigs reach maturity.
Most female pigs reach sexual maturity.
Some female pigs possess pouches.
Female pigeons can only lay eggs when there is another pigeon around.
Female pikas can breed and produce young at about one year of age.
Most female pikas have a litter of four.
Female pike grow much larger than male pike.
Female pinnipeds give birth to their pups on shore.
Female pinworms move to the anal area to lay their eggs, which often results in anal itching.
Female pipefish compete for males through dominance hierarchies.
Female pipistrelles form roosting groups in early summer.
Female pirates are a rarity.
Female placental mammals have uteruses.
Female plant produces archegoniophore.
Female plants are small and bushy and their flowers have pistils.
Female plants are wider-spreading than the males.
Female plants bear berries when a male pollinizing plant is present.
Female plants bear fruit which turn red in late summer.
Female plants bear interesting fluffy seed heads well into the winter.
Female plants bear large olive-like fruits.
Female plants develop blue fruits after the blooms fall.
Female plants develop ovules and seeds on leafy structures called sporophylls.
Female plants display bright red berries.
Female plants display bright-red berries.
Female plants form archegoniophores and male plants form antheriophores.
Female plants grow inconspicuous flowers and inch-long, black, edible dates.
Female plants lose their older leaves as the seed matures.
Female plants make good fruit important for wildlife but messy.
Female plants produce berries that become bright red in late summer and fall.
Female plants produce berries, which eventually drop to the ground and germinate.
Female plants produce berries.
Female plants produce cottony seeds which blow everywhere and make a nuisance of themselves.
Female plants produce fewer spears, but they are larger and are produced later in the season.
Female plants produce medium to large round-shaped fruit of good quality and a large seed cavity.
Female plants produce papery, conelike flowers.
Female plants produce plumes that are broad and full due to silky hairs covering the tiny flowers.
Female plants produce small red berries in large clusters.
Female plants produce small red flowers followed by one foot long, flattened, leathery pods.
Female plants produce spears and also produce seed when the plant is in the fern stage.
Female plants produce the late-summer flowers, which often have a spicy aroma.
Female plants produce white, sticky berries that are especially attractive to birds.
Female plants start bearing fruit usually within two years of planting.
Female plants tend to be shorter and possess more branches.
Some female plants produce cones.
Female platypuses build burrows.
Female platypuses construct burrows.
Female platypuses construct nest burrows.
Female platypuses use tails.
Most female platypuses build burrows.
Most female platypuses construct burrows.
Most female platypuses construct nest burrows.
Most female platypuses use tails.
Some female platypuses have nipples.
Some female platypuses have ovaries.
Female players are fully configurable as well.
Female players get to pick as many men they want as their personal pets.
Female players have one more year of eligibility.
Female pleasure is like a flower it needs water, warmth and sunshine.
Female plumage is browner overall with dark streaks on the breast.
Female polar bears enter dens.
Female polar bears have functional mammary glands.
Female polar bears have glands.
Female polar bears have mammary glands.
Female polar bears reach maturity.
Female polar bears reach sexual maturity.
Female porcupines attract many males.
Female porcupines give birth to a single baby after an elaborate mating display by the male.
Female porcupines have between one and four young, depending on the species.
Female porcupines have litters that range in size from one to four baby porcupines.
Female porpoises are usually larger than males.
Female portraits are worth more than male pictures.
Female practitioners are available.
Female preference exists and is heritable.
Female preference predates the evolution of the sword in swordtail fish.
Female preferences cause the constant improvement of accuracy and presentation of the copied songs.
Female primates have chances.
Most female primates have chances.
Some female primates have interest.
Female principals are equal to their male counterparts in skill and leadership qualities.
Female prisoners live in crowded conditions.
Female problems seem to be on the rise.
Many female problems begin here.
Female professionals deserve better.
Female professionals do tend to overcompensate.
Female professionals say there is good reason for women to strike out on their own.
Female professionals serve as role models and mentors, expanding awareness of career options.
Female programmers get their bits twiddled.
Female promiscuity is a tool of natural selection for enhancing the gene pool.
Female pronghorns have horns.
Most female pronghorns have horns.
Female prostitutes are often gang raped by mobs of teenage boys out for a night of fun.
Female protagonists exist in only a limited narrative outcome.
Female pumpkinseeds can spawn in more than one nest.
Female puppies are darker with clear white masks.
Female puppies can become pregnant long before they reach a year old, so take the matter seriously.
Female pygmy marmosets use chemical communication to convey reproductive status to males.
Female pythons wrap their powerful bodies around their eggs until they are ready to hatch.
Female quail prefer testosterone-mediated traits, rather than the plumage ornaments of males.
Female rabbits are does , male rabbits are bucks .
Female rabbits are especially prone to uterine and mammary cancer if left unspayed.
Female rabbits can also become pregnant immediately after birthing a litter.
Female rabbits dig cup-shaped holes in which to bear young.
Female rabbits excavate burrows.
Female rabbits have lower productivity.
Female rabbits have productivity.
Most female rabbits have lower productivity.
Most female rabbits have productivity.
Female raccoons look for den sites in late winter.
Female raccoons reach sexual maturity at one year of age, males at two.
Female radiographers are always available.
Female rain is a soft gentle rain.
Female ranges are slightly smaller.
Female ranges overlap one another, although core areas separate.
Female rank is matrilineal.
Female rapist gets seven years Links to more UK stories are at the foot of the page.
Female rappers deal with numerous feminist topics in their lyrics.
Female raptors are usually larger than males.
Female rats appear to be more sensitive than males.
Female rats are smaller than male rats.
Female rats are very curious, and love to explore and play games.
Female rats consume amounts.
Female rats consume kernels.
Female rats exhibit greater susceptibility to early alcohol-induced liver injury than males.
Female rats reach maturity.
Female rats show some interesting characteristics in regards to sexual behavior.
Most female rats reach maturity.
Most female rats reproduce at regular intervals, having several litters per breeding season.
Some female rats come into heat.
Some female rats have concentration.
Some female rats receive dioxide.
Some female rats show responses.
Female rates are normally lower than male rates.
All female ratites have a single left ovary and oviduct.
Female rattlers are ovoviviparous.
Female rattlesnakes are ovoviviparous.
Female rays carry fertilized eggs inside their bodies.
Female readers outnumber male readers two to one.
Female receptacles are similar but the egg pustules are dark brown.
Female recruitment is a public requirement and is of prime importance.
Female recruitment is difficult.
Female red pandas eat bamboo leaves.
Female red pandas eat leaves.
Female redwings wait until warmer, more predictable weather makes insects more reliably available.
Female reindeer lick their fawn's rear end to do the same thing.
Female reindeer reach maturity.
Female reindeer reach reproductive maturity.
Female reindeer retain their antlers til after they give birth in the spring.
Female reindeer retain their antlers till after they give birth in the spring.
Female reindeer retain their antlers until after they give birth in the spring.
Most female reindeer reach maturity.
Most female reindeer reach reproductive maturity.
Female relationships are the backbone of baboon social organization.
Female relatives cover their heads with a scarf and hide their faces with a shawl.
Female relatives sing garbas and bhajans .
Female relatives visit families.
Most female relatives visit families.
Some female relatives provide care.
Female reporters accuse editors and sources of sexual harassment.
Female representation is higher in six of ten provinces.
Female representation is informed by fear and longing.
Female representations prevail in Luba art.
All female residents present before the prey decline either died or abandoned their home ranges.
Female respondents are slightly more likely than males to subscribe to some online service.
Female response is more variable.
Female retirees are worthy of special consideration.
Most female riders prefer level saddles, but some like a slight nose-down tilt to avoid irritation.
Many female roaches drop or hide their ootheca shortly before the eggs are ready to hatch.
Some female roaches incubate their egg cases in their bodies until they are ready to hatch.
Female robins investigate their territory, begin nest building, and feed when they first arrive.
Female rockfishes release free-living larvae rather than eggs.
Female rodents lick the anogenital region of their young.
Female rodents play an active role in choosing their mates.
Some female rodents play active roles.
Some female rodents play roles.
Female roommates struggle to find love and keep love through the course of one day.
Some female ruminants are born with one or more extra teats.
Female runners have a higher percentage of stress fractures than males.
Female salmon scoop out a bed in the gravel and deposit their eggs in it.
Female sawflies emit a sex pheromone which help the males locate females for mating purposes.
Female scales are circular, convex, and gray with a small yellow center.
Female scales begin to secrete the adult armor at the rear of the second stage armor.
Female scales remain on the twigs while males migrate to the needles.
Many female scientists are married, and many have children.
Female scorpions carry their eggs inside their bodies.
Female seahorses produce eggs for reproduction that are then fertilized by the male.
Female seahorses transfer eggs to the male s pouch where the eggs are fertilised.
Female seals build up thick stores of blubber during pregnancy.
Female seals give birth to a single pup once a year.
Female seals haul out each winter to give birth.
Female seals have lighter colored spots, which are found only on their backs.
Female seminary is the first secondary school for girls west of the Mississippi.
Female servals hold exclusive territories from about two to nine kilometres squared.
Female set is socket terminal, sleeve and male boot.
Female sex hormone estrogens cause breast growth.
Female sex hormone estrogens cause growth.
Female sex hormone estrogens cause slight growth.
Female sex hormones perform functions.
Female sex hormones perform important functions.
Female sex hormones perform many important functions.
Female sexuality is all about hormones.
Female sexuality is both glorified and objectified in Hollywood.
Female sexuality is even more regulated.
Female sexuality is felt to be something that can get out of hand, and drive a man crazy.
Female sexuality is markedly different in many ways from male sexuality.
Female sexuality is specific.
Female sexuality is taboo and buried deep within the tapestry of society.
Female sexuality is very diverse and fluid.
Female sexuality seems to be a real problem.
Most female sharks give birth to only a few babies at one time every few years.
Female sheep are called ewes, baby sheep are called lambs, and male sheep are called rams.
Female sheep are called 'ewes'.
Female sheep reach maturity.
Female sheep reach puberty.
Female sheep reach sexual maturity.
Female sheep show behavior.
Female sheep show maternal behavior.
Female sheep tend to be rather gentle, with the exception of wily old range ewes.
Female sheep tend to be three quarters to two thirds the size of males.
Female sheep tend to give birth to one lamb and sometimes twin.
Most female sheep reach maturity.
Most female sheep reach puberty.
Most female sheep reach sexual maturity.
Most female sheep show maternal behavior.
Female shepherds tend to appear slightly more refined or feminine in conformation than male dogs.
Female shrews looking for a mate make a small peeping sound.
A female sibling is a relative
All female siblings are sisters.
Female silverfish are capable of producing many eggs in their lifetime.
Female singer seeks guitarist for duets.
Female singers become proficient singing the soprano or alto part independently.
Female size seems to be one factor.
Some female skin comes up on the tube.
Female skunks burrow together for their long winter hibernation.
Female skunks share communal dens.
Female skunks share dens.
Most female skunks share communal dens.
Some female slaves produce children.
Female sloths reach maturity before male sloths.
Female smokers are particularly likely to have no formal education at all.
Female smokers are three times as likely to have moderate to severe wrinkling as nonsmokers.
Female smokers enter menopause an average of five years earlier than nonsmokers.
Female smokers have an increased risk of developing cervical cancer .
Female smokers increase their risk for chronic health problems and early death.
Female smokers seem to show greater psychological reactivity to smoking than do male smokers.
Female smoking is at an all time high.
Female snakes can also store sperm inside their bodies for a year, making breeding an easy task.
Female snakes incubate eggs inside of their bodies, giving birth to live young of ten or more.
Female snakes produce young about twice per year.
Female snakes stay together for the first few weeks after giving birth.
Female soldiers are understandably happy with how the bra issue has been resolved.
Female song is rare and is usually in response to males.
Female sparrows are the same.
Female speakers are more animated in their style than are males.
Female specifics are minimal.
Female specimens are generally larger than males of the same age.
Some female specimens have body length.
Some female specimens have length.
Some female specimens have overall body length.
Some female specimens have overall length.
Female sperm whales grow to feet.
Female sperm whales have eyes.
Female sperm live longer but are slower.
Female spider monkeys lead life.
Female spiders are induced to build nests on bamboo frames which are then used as fishing nets.
Female spiders are often much bigger than males.
Female spiders are usually larger than the males and only mate once.
Female spiders can carry the egg sac wherever they go or deposit it in a web.
Female spiders devour their mates after fertilization.
Female spiders wrap their eggs in a silken spun sac.
Some female spiders are so much bigger than the males that they sometimes eat their mates.
Female spike is shorter than male spike.
Female spies can infiltrate events with elegant dresses and evening gowns.
Female squirrels are abandoned by the male squirrel immediately after mating.
Female squirrels give off a strong scent that the male squirrel can detect.
Female squirrels reproduce by mating and then birthing live young.
Most female staff live with the campers in the cabins.
Female sterilisation involves a small operation and usually a general anaesthetic.
Female sterilization is a good option only for some women.
Female sterilization is a surgical procedure that blocks the fallopian tubes.
Female sterilization is called tubal ligation, while male sterilization is called vasectomy.
Female sterilization is one of the best methods of birth control available.
Female sterilization is the most common form of birth control in the United States.
Female sterilization is the most commonly used means of contraception in India.
Female sterilization is the most effective long-term family planning method other than vasectomy.
Female sticklebacks prefer to spawn with males whose nests contain eggs.
Female sticklebacks use male coloration in mate choice and hence avoid parasitized males.
Female stingrays tend to give birth once a year.
Female stripers mature by their fourth year, the males by their third.
Female struggle is a by-product of female resistance.
Female student is suspected of stealing victim's check.
Female student is victim.
Female students alternate between dresses, and shirts and pants.
Female students are also less likely to train for congregational ministry.
Female students are an important target group for promoting mutual caretaking messages.
Female students are aware of their options and take control of their reproductive futures.
Female students are female animals.
Female students are more passive, less confident and more servile.
Female students are significantly more affected by family responsibilities than male students.
Female students are students.
Female students are under-represented at the graduate ranks in science and engineering.
Female students are well represented in the college choir, which is very strong.
Female students assist organizations.
Female students attend universities.
Female students binge drink less than male students.
Female students can choose from the sorority, housing or independent divisions.
Female students continue to have a significantly higher GPA than male students.
Female students demonstrate a more positive attitude toward the usefulness of mathematics.
Female students draw two genotypes from each female bag of traits.
Female students get less special intervention on their behalf in the classroom.
Female students get okappa haircuts.
Female students have an advantage in science-related labs.
Female students have as much access to the vocational education classes as male students.
Female students have desire.
Female students have experience.
Female students have to become more active in using the Internet and other infotechnology.
Female students learn better in all-women colleges.
Female students living in the hostel have a private cafeteria in the hostel building.
Female students make up for being in the minority by excelling.
Female students perform better than their male counterparts, on average.
Female students receive less active instruction in coed schools.
Female students report that they find garbage strewn over their cars.
Female students study home economics and sewing.
Female students talk openly about accommodating male ego.
Female students tend to lag in commitment to their own beliefs.
Female students tend to respond better to intrinsic motivation than extrinsic motivation.
Female students tend to see financial aid as more of a major concern than male students.
Female students tend to work hardest, they're more conscientious.
Female students wear a purchased white ODU dress or pants uniform.
Female students wear long skirts.
All female students are eligible.
All female students are welcome.
All female students have an additional mattress pad.
Any female student can join the team.
Most female students assist organizations.
Most female students attend universities.
Most female students have desire.
Most female students have experience.
Most female students tend to enroll in education andvocational studies.
Some female students prefer a college dedicated to women's intellectual needs and interests.
Some female students relate stories of unfair treatment of women in their departments.
Female sturgeon spawn only every four to seven years.
Female supremacy tends to be in smaller companies.
Some female swallowtails have the same color pattern as the males, while some are completely black.
Female swimmers have ages.
Female swimmers have skeletal ages.
Most female swimmers have ages.
Most female swimmers have skeletal ages.
Female swine are called sows.
Female system uses positive feedback.
Female tails are usually half as thick a quarter of the tail's length from the base.
Female tamarins have heads.
Most female tamarins have heads.
Female tanagers resemble female orioles in color.
Female tapirs have a single pair of mammae in the groin.
Female tapirs have a single pair of mammae, located in the region of the groin.
Female tarantulas are famously long-lived.
Female tarantulas are heavier-bodied than males.
Female tarantulas live in burrows.
Most female tarantulas live in burrows.
Female tarsiers have a prosimian-type uterus but a higher primate type placenta.
Female taste is idiosyncratic.
Most female teens receive formal instruction on birth control methods.
Female terrapins are much larger than males, more so than any other North American turtle.
Female terrapins are much larger than the males, more so than any other North American turtle.
Female terrapins store sperm and thus can produce fertilized eggs up to four years after mating.
Some female terrapins are killed by motor vehicles.
Some female terrapins are killed by terrapins.
Some female terrapins are killed by vehicles.
Female tick is the only stage that can become infected and passes the parasite onto the egg.
Female ticks deposit their eggs in the environment after a blood meal.
Female ticks lay eggs under the edges of rugs, in baseboard cracks, or in furniture.
Female tiger tries to get the male tiger's attention by roaring or moaning.
Female tigers are always smaller than males.
Female tigers are somewhat smaller.
Female tigers come into the estrus cycle at different times depending on where the tiger lives.
Female tigers give birth once every two years at any point during the year.
Female tigers have a litter about once every two years.
Female tigers live and hunt within their own specific territory.
Female toads lay thousands of eggs in long strings attached to vegetation.
Female toads prefer to lay their eggs in ponds without fish.
Female tortoises dig and lay about a dozen eggs in burrows or holes they dig.
Female tortoises dig burrows in which they lay from two to twelve eggs.
Female tortoises dig burrows to lay their eggs in.
Female tortoises have a completely flat lower shell surface.
Female tortoises make no vocalizations at all.
Some female tortoises can be very selective about what constitutes a suitable nesting site.
Female tour guides available.
Most female transcripts retain the intron, whereas most male transcripts remove it.
Female travelers are sometimes more likely to encounter harassment.
Female travelers make fewer after-ticket changes and book further in advance.
Female travellers are loyal repeat buyers.
Female trees are larger and more robust than male trees.
Female trees are nature s pollen traps, natural air-scrubbers.
Female trees are the only ones that produce the fruit and seed.
Female trees bear dense red clusters of fruit in summer that remain on the branches until winter.
Female trees cover themselves in blue-green berries, giving the whole tree a bluish cast.
Female trees grow in wetter sites, and male trees grow in drier places.
Female trees have branches that are almost horizontal.
Female trees have evil-smelling fruit.
Female trees have fruits in the winter.
Female trees have handsome red berries which last into winter after the leaves have dropped.
Female trees produce a large, segmented fruit somewhat resembling a pineapple.
Female trees produce a plumlike, gray-tan fruit.
Female trees produce a yellow orange fruit with a single white nut.
Female trees produce colorful fruit suitable for use like holly berries in decorations.
Female trees produce colorful fruit suitable to use like holly berries in decorations.
Female trees produce edible pods that are rich in sugar and can be milled to a fine powder.
Female trees produce fruit in the autumn months.
Female trees produce fruits which from mature red to black.
Female trees produce pineapple like fruits.
Female trees produce showy clusters of small red berries that later turn dark blue.
Female trees produce tremendous amounts of the seed which can literally make the ground white.
Some female tuataras reach maturity.
Some female tuataras reach sexual maturity.
Female turkeys communicate through clucks and small, chirp-like noises.
Female turkeys have buff-tipped breast feathers and no leg spurs.
Female turkeys make a clicking noise.
Female turtles are easily frightened away.
Female turtles are larger than males . .
Female turtles can store sperm for years.
Female turtles dig pits.
Female turtles go ashore to lay eggs.
Female turtles lay their eggs in holes that they dig in the ground and leave.
Female turtles leave their aquatic environment and venture onto dry land to lay their eggs.
Female turtles leave tracks.
Female turtles maintain body temperature.
Female turtles maintain temperature.
Female turtles share instinct.
Female turtles share nest instinct.
Female turtles tend to move on shore to nest in large synchronized concentrations.
Female turtles tend to move onshore to nest in large synchronized concentrations.
Female turtles use feet.
Female turtles use hind feet.
Most female turtles dig pits.
Most female turtles leave tracks.
Most female turtles maintain body temperature.
Most female turtles maintain temperature.
Most female turtles share instinct.
Most female turtles share nest instinct.
Most female turtles use feet.
Most female turtles use hind feet.
Some female turtles dig holes.
Some female turtles emerge at nights.
Some female turtles leave oceans.
Some female turtles leave water.
Some female turtles return to beaches.
Some female turtles return to nest sites.
Some female turtles return to oceans.
Some female turtles return to same nest sites.
Some female turtles return to sites.
Most female undergraduates expect to have a career after marriage.
Female unicorns are the most attracted to the male with the largest horn.
Female users are small purchasers.
Female users are well represented.
Female users can experience breast reduction and sterility.
Female vanity tarnishes every beauty of our sex.
All female vegetarians are butchers.
Female version is contoured on top for proper fit.
Female versions have more overtones, creating a nasal sound much as bagpipe overtones do.
Female veterans are eligible through their own military service.
Female veterans hail the act as the most significant legislation regarding women's military service.
Female victims attract men, but male victims repel everyone.
Female vines have a large ovary and the stamens curve down under the flower.
Female vines require perfect vines in order to bear fruit.
Female virgins are the spoils of war.
Female vocals appear in several places.
Female vocals are better as are wind and brass instruments.
Female vocals do make an appearance from time to time as well as warm gothic clean male vocals.
Female vocals join in as well.
Female vocalizations are higher in pitch because of a smaller syrinx in the larger sex.
Female voices come in a wide range which partially overlaps with male range.
Female voles are very territorial .
Female voles reach maturity.
Female voles reach reproductive maturity.
Most female voles reach maturity.
Most female voles reach reproductive maturity.
Female volunteers cook and serve dinner, clean up, and plan activities for the children.
Female volunteers wear pink uniforms.
Female voters are currently the most sought after constituency in the presidential campaign.
Female walleye grow faster than male walleye, after they are three years old.
Female walruses are known to become dangerously aggressive if their calf is threatened.
Female walruses gain weight.
Female walruses give birth to their young, called calves, during their migration in the springtime.
Female walruses mate during breed seasons.
Female walruses mate during seasons.
Female walruses stay in one herd, while males stay in another herd until breeding time.
Most female walruses gain weight.
Most female walruses mate during breed seasons.
Most female walruses mate during seasons.
Female wasps have stingers.
Female wasps mate in springs.
Female wasps emerge in the spring from galls on the ground and lay eggs in opening buds.
Most female wasps have stingers.
Female waterbucks reach maturity at the age of three years.
Female waterbucks reach maturity.
Most female waterbucks reach maturity.
Female weakness seems to be produced by the social environment rather than natural deficiency.
Female weevils can tell if a grain kernel has had an egg laid in it by another weevil.
Female weevils chew holes.
Female weevils insert white eggs into leaf sheaths under water.
Female weevils lay eggs in terminals early the following spring.
Female weevils lay their eggs in shallow pits excavated on the surface of green berries.
Female weevils lay their minute, elongate, yellow eggs in slits that they cut in leaf bases.
Female weevils look for exposed roots to lay their eggs.
Most female weevils chew holes.
Some female weevils live for months.
Some female weevils use long snouts.
Some female weevils use snouts.
Female whales are usually a little smaller.
Female whales are very receptive to the courtship from the males during the mating season.
Female whales bear live young, which they nurse from mammary glands.
Female whales determine the structure of pods.
Some female whiptails have types.
Female whiteflies lay yellow oval eggs, which appear dusted, singly on the undersides of leaves.
Female wildfowl use down feathers plucked from their own breasts to line their scrape nests .
Female windbreakers have bust darts.
Female wings are shorter than the abdomen.
Some female Witches follow the old Scandinavian custom of wearing crowns of lit candles.
Female wolves are faster than their male peers and, when they are young, are better hunters.
Female wolves are slightly smaller than the males.
Female wolves are smaller.
Female wolves can be competitive at breeding time, which can lead to disputes.
Many female wolves become stragglers between the territories of other packs.
Female wolverines build dens to give birth and raise their young in.
Female wolverines mate every other year.
Female wombats are a bit bigger than the males.
Female woodchucks remain pregnant for only a month.
Female workers develop from the fertilized egg and male drones develop from the unfertilized egg.
Female workers need calories.
Female workers perform duties.
Female workers perform essential duties.
Female workers perform such duties.
Female workers tend to concentrate in certain occupations.
Most female workers perform duties.
Most female workers perform essential duties.
Most female workers perform such duties.
Some female workers assume responsibility.
Some female workers collect food.
Female worms are normally full of eggs which pass out in the feces.
Female worms produce eggs, which pass out in host feces to embryonate in the soil.
Some female worms measure mms.
Female wracks produce eggs and male wracks produce sperm.
Female wrestling needs to be given more attention.
Female zebras release a cloud of eggs.
Female zombies are also infertile and can no longer have babies without the use of cheats.
A female is an animal
Females accept only their pups, recognizing their pup's vocal and olfactory cues.
Females account for nearly half of the total number of students.
Females achieve puberty at one year.
Females acquire their distinctive spiky appearance through additional moults as well.
Females actively defend group resources against strangers and often nest together.
Females actively feed at dawn and dusk mainly on large domestic animals and man.
Females actually have a black forehead.
Females actually show superiority during elementary school in computational ability.
Females actually tend to be more aggressive than their male counterparts.
Females additionally have a mammary slit on either side of the genital slit, enclosing the nipples.
Females adopt many of the same tactics to suppress development and reproduction by rivals.
Females advertise estrous via head shaking and presenting the anogenital region to potential mates.
Females aggressively defend the nest.
Females allow more than one male to fertilize their eggs.
Females alone build the nest and raise the young.
Females also are non-aggressive and usually just try to avoid each other.
Females also are the most rapidly growing group among the impoverished.
Females also bellow.
Females also can produce multiple clutches in a breeding season.
Females also carry a little slug of material in addition to their X chromosome.
Females also carry horns, but much smaller.
Females also carry horns, but they are much smaller.
Females also change color when they are ready to mate.
Females also consume nectar.
Females also control the ability of the male to fertilize.
Females also defend their ranges against individuals of the same sex.
Females also develop a mix of winter and striped feathers before reaching their summer appearance.
Females also develop kypes and canine-like teeth, though less noticeably than males.
Females also do better because of their apparent ability to shrink further than males.
Females also do most of the hunting.
Females also eat differently than guys.
Females also eat less when separated from their mates.
Females also emerge with low E levels.
Females also emit a purr while incubating.
Females also employ a loud guttural call during courtship and nest site searches.
Females also exhibit a third behavior right after mating.
Females also feed on blood which is needed to produce eggs.
Females also feel more comfortable using a full range of colors.
Females also fight, but are less aggressive.
Females also give aggressive calls and they respond to the breeding calls of the male frogs.
Females also grow much faster than males.
Females also have a grayish head and the back of the neck is feathered.
Females also have a hierarchy that is based upon their age.
Females also have a large translucent ovary , situated towards the posterior of the visceral mass.
Females also have a much lower level of risk than males.
Females also have a pouch to carry their babies, just like kangaroos.
Females also have a set of slits housing the mammary glands.
Females also have a top-knot, but it is much smaller in size.
Females also have a tusk, but it is moderately smaller.
Females also have an elongate, tubular ovipositor .
Females also have blue rumps which are lighter than the males.
Females also have blue rumps which is lighter than the males.
Females also have core temperature that varies during the menstrual cycle.
Females also have dominance hierarchies.
Females also have horns, but they are much smaller.
Females also have horns, but they are shorter and thinner.
Females also have little interest in mating after a long, successful first mating.
Females also have paler feathers and are usually somewhat smaller than males.
Females also have prominent horns.
Females also have remnant pedicels which are seen as small bony knobs on the forehead.
Females also have tusks, but they are shorter and thinner.
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings .
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings.
Females also have wider abdomens than males.
Females also lack black neck collars and exhibit brown barring or mottling of body feathers.
Females also leave the group upon reaching sexual maturity, joining lone males or other harems.
Females also limit their movements to about a fifth that of males.
Females also live longer than male mosquitoes.
Females also mature sooner and live longer than males.
Females also orange moon-shaped markings along their wings' outer edge.
Females also outnumber males among staff and student population.
Females also play the game, if only by necessity.
Females also prefer willow plants that grow in moist soil and discriminate against dry soil areas.
Females also produce testosterone but in minute amounts.
Females also produce testosterone, but usually in smaller amounts.
Females also provide more emotional support on the job.
Females also react differently to depressed feelings.
Females also receive an extra bit of transparent fluff on the chest just above the breasts.
Females also receive protection along matrilineal lines.
Females also recognize their young by sound and scent cues.
Females also replicate beards, manes, dewlaps, and coloration to lesser or greater degree.
Females also seem happy to be possessed by that energy and submit to it.
Females also sing their loud song, which is unusual in northern songbirds.
Females also sing, which is highly unusual among female songbirds.
Females also spend less time than males spend in chat rooms and playing computer games.
Females also tend to be more intuitive and aware of their handler's mood.
Females also tend to be more ligament dominant, relying more on their ligaments for support.
Females also tend to be relatively sedentary and exhibit high nest site fidelity.
Females also tend to have a granular skin texture as opposed the velvety texture of males.
Females also tend to modulate the receptive phase of the cycle differently in the wild than the lab.
Females also use old aardvark dens to nest in and raise their young.
Females also use their smell to recognize their pups.
Females announce their identity by either a high pitched note, or a nasal kind of chatter.
Females announce their receptivity through vocalizations, urine spraying and tail flagging.
Females apparently are larger than males.
Females apparently enter estrus twice a year and are receptive for about a week.
Females apparently give no assistance during hatching.
Females apparently grow to larger sizes than males.
Females apparently select males based on their tail length, a form of sexual selection.
Females apparently spawn once then die.
Females appear above ground shortly thereafter and take up residence in a male's territory.
Females appear to be able to discriminate the odour of their kin from the odour of their non-kin.
Females appear to be at a greater risk.
Females appear to be dominant over both males and young, at least at certain times.
Females appear to be dominant over males.
Females appear to be insatiable in their demands.
Females appear to be less conspicuously affected than males.
Females appear to be more at risk than males.
Females appear to be more commonly encountered than larvae.
Females appear to be more concentrated in the western part of North America.
Females appear to be more susceptible to the effects of tobacco carcinogens than males.
Females appear to be much better able than males to raise young on their own.
Females appear to be slightly more susceptible than males.
Females appear to bear young only every three years.
Females appear to form the core of the group and males are fiercer among each other.
Females appear to give birth every yr to a single pup.
Females appear to have no visible teeth.
Females appear to prefer males in musth for mating.
Females appear to select males based on their calls.
Females apply free of charge .
Females apply free of charge.
Females are   tall and weigh up to .
Females are .
Females are a bit larger, green and more tough than males.
Females are a bit shorter and weigh less than males.
Females are a bit smaller .
Females are a bit smaller and lighter on average.
Females are a bit smaller.
Females are a buff colour in all of the subspecies.
Females are a chestnut-red color and have very small horns.
Females are a dark brown.
Females are a dull brown with three white spots on the sides of their heads.
Females are a dull grayish-brown with lighter underparts.
Females are a dull or olive green on the top and mostly yellow on the bottom.
Females are a duller color.
Females are a duller green and lack the elaborate tail plumes.
Females are a duller yellow in color.
Females are a far more subdued dusky brown color and about a third of the size of males.
Females are a light brown color.
Females are a lighter gray and have countershading.
Females are a little bit bigger than males.
Females are a little bit smaller.
Females are a little larger than males.
Females are a little larger, with wider bodies.
Females are a little longer than males.
Females are a little more difficult, with both species somewhat resembling giant female goldfinches.
Females are a little smaller than males.
Females are a little smaller.
Females are a mottled brown color, perfectly camouflaged for sage grasslands.
Females are a pale brown colour, with a darker brown zigzag.
Females are a paler version of the male.
Females are a plain buffy-brown, slightly darker above and paler below.
Females are a plain olive-brown color.
Females are a prized catch.
Females are a rate-limiting resource which limits male reproductive success.
Females are a rather plain buff brown, but both sexes have long, pointed tails.
Females are a slight majority in the population and among the Nazarenes.
Females are a tan colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs .
Females are a tan colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs.
Females are a third smaller than males.
Females are a trifle larger than males, and have more extensive orange areas on the underside.
Females are able to bear one litter each year.
Females are able to bond with several males while in estrus, but one male is more common.
Females are able to breed at the age of five years.
Females are able to conceive three to four months after calves are weaned.
Females are able to lay viable eggs without fertilization by males.
Females are able to make sounds, but only males are able to make songs.
Females are able to reproduce up to age twenty.
Females are about a meter longer than males.
Females are about a third larger than males.
Females are about four times more likely than men to develop osteoporosis.
Females are about half as large.
Females are about half that weight.
Females are about half that.
Females are about half the size of males, and males and females live in separate territories.
Females are about half the size of males.
Females are about one foot shorter.
Females are about one third smaller than males.
Females are about one-third smaller than males.
Females are about one-third the size of males and can measure eight feet long.
Females are about ten per cent smaller than males.
Females are about three-fourths the size of males.
Females are about twice the length of males with a similarly located anus.
Females are about twice the size of males, also tapering toward the anterior end.
Females are about two feet shorter and weigh half as much.
Females are about two to three times bigger than the males, but similarly colored.
Females are above, males are below.
Females are actually frightened of the males harming their young.
Females are actually much larger in size at maturity.
Females are affected more than males.
Females are again slightly larger than the males.
Females are aggressive and defend the nest site when they have newborn offspring.
Females are aggressive in nature compared to the males.
Females are aggressive to immigrant females and even kill the newborn infants of community members.
Females are aggressive toward one another, and one female does all of the breeding in the group.
Females are all gray except for their chests, which are an off-white hue.
Females are almost entirely lemon-yellow in color, with a small spot on the forewing.
Females are almost three years old before they have their first litter.
Females are almost twice as likely to suffer from specific phobias as males .
Females are almost twice as likely to suffer from specific phobias as males.
Females are almost uncatchable as they stage in deeper water near spawning beds.
Females are also able to change their body temperature during pregnancy.
Females are also able to reabsorb embryos under adverse conditions.
Females are also attractive, with chestnut heads and a grey and white body.
Females are also dark green and have an emerald green eye ring.
Females are also dark green and have emerald eye rings.
Females are also difficult to distinguish, but there are slight differences in coloration.
Females are also dumpier and larger.
Females are also larger.
Females are also less attached to expensive toys, gimmickry and weaponry.
Females are also less satisfied than males with interpersonal interaction as a whole.
Females are also mellow but are more likely to test an owner to see how much they can get away with.
Females are also more prone to hysteria.
Females are also much more likely to have pityriasis rosea than males.
Females are also roughly three times more likely to buy clothing online than young men.
Females are also solitary and purple.
Females are also territorial in some species.
Females are also territorial.
Females are also usually longer and more rounded.
Females are also very aggressive when giving birth to a litter.
Females are always larger than males.
Females are always twelve or fifteen inches shorter than males.
Females are always wingless and males either have one pair of membranous wings or are wingless also.
Females are always wingless and remain under their scale their entire life.
Females are among the most dedicated and protective to their kits of most mammal species.
Females are an important part of the buying population.
Females are an inch or two shorter.
Females are an increasingly important segment of the sports and fitness population.
Females are animals.
Females are another matter altogether.
Females are another story.
Females are apparenly already pregnant when they come into Arizona in the spring.
Females are appreciably larger and heavier than the males.
Females are appreciably larger and heavier.
Females are appreciably smaller than males.
Females are appreciably smaller, overall, than males.
Females are approximately one third smaller than males.
Females are apterous with adult eyes, antennae and legs.
Females are are a little bit bigger than males, and their bodies are covered with tiny hairs.
Females are as good as males in geometry.
Females are as good as males in science.
Females are as large as or larger than males of the same age, which is uncommon among mammals .
Females are at a higher risk for domestic violence when their boyfriends are on steroids.
Females are at greater risk for developing osteoporosis than males.
Females are at higher risk of sexual violence, including rape or domestic violence, than are boys.
Females are attracted by the chemical scents given off by males in the water.
Females are attracted for oviposition to any decaying matter, of which carrion is most suitable.
Females are attracted to males who have territories that provide the most food .
Females are attracted to males who have territories that provide the most food.
Females are attracted to males with the territories that provide the most food.
Females are attracted to the mound by the male's display and song.
Females are available in the fall.
Females are believed to be shorter as compared to males.
Females are better vectors than males.
Females are bigger and more brightly coloured .
Females are bigger and more brightly coloured.
Females are bigger and rounder and can have a dark spot on the tail.
Females are bigger than males and have less robust arms relative to their body size.
Females are bigger than males.
Females are black but with numerous yellow spots and yellow fringed feathers.
Females are black overall.
Females are black, orange or calico.
Females are bluish-gray in color while males are reddish shades.
Females are born larger than males, although males ultimately grow larger.
Females are born with a finite number of eggs.
Females are brighter than males.
Females are broader and appear heavier than males.
Females are brown, grey, and cream-colored.
Females are browner, with a hint of speckling all over their breasts.
Females are brownish gray with a white, narrowly streaked breast and pinkish or yellow lower belly.
Females are brownish gray, sometimes with reddish-brown flanks.
Females are brownish gray.
Females are brownish red in color and have noticeably rounder bellies.
Females are brownish red with a white chin.
Females are brownish with darker blotches on the sides and have a whitish belly.
Females are brownish-grey on the back and light brown on the belly and chest.
Females are called cows and are roughly half that size.
Females are called hens and males are called cocks.
Females are capable of breeding in their first year but yearling females can bear only one young.
Females are capable of breeding shortly after weaning.
Females are capable of giving birth each year.
Females are capable of giving birth every year but usually do so at greater intervals.
Females are capable of having a calf every two years and pregnancy lasts for over eleven months.
Females are capable of having three litters per year.
Females are capable of laying eggs approximately one week after emerging from the soil.
Females are capable of laying fertile eggs months following a fall mating.
Females are capable of producing young annually, but likely only a portion breeds annually.
Females are capable of stinging.
Females are carriers and their sons with the gene have the disease.
Females are characterized by two gonopods in the shape of a W at the end of their abdomen.
Females are choosey about males.
Females are choosy about mates.
Females are choosy in polygynous species.
Females are colored similarly but less brightly above and have gray napes and foreheads.
Females are commonly green but sometimes brown.
Females are conservative.
Females are considerably duller.
Females are considerably larger than males, as is the case with most accipiters.
Females are considerably larger than the males.
Females are considerably larger than their male counterparts.
Females are considerably smaller and lighter.
Females are considerably smaller than males, usually weighing about half as much.
Females are considerably smaller.
Females are dangerously aggressive toward anything or anyone approaching the lair.
Females are dark brown about one-sixteenth inch long and are shaped like oyster shells.
Females are dark brown and densely streaked.
Females are dark brown.
Females are dark grey-brown to greyish black above and paler below.
Females are dark tan with brown-black on the back.
Females are dark to light brown and sea lion pups are black in color.
Females are darker and much larger than males.
Females are darker gray than males and they have white fur on the sides of the body and face.
Females are darker gray than males and they have white fur on the sides of their bodies and face.
Females are darker overall, while males are brown.
Females are darker overall, with lighter bands on the abdomen.
Females are darker than males, with dusky spotting, and never become totally white.
Females are darker than males.
Females are darker, steel blue except for a broad, orange band on the fourth abdominal segment.
Females are depicted with human-like breasts fairly often.
Females are desirable because they do most of the pollinating of alfalfa.
Females are dimorphic .
Females are dimorphic.
Females are diploid while males are haploid.
Females are diploid, develop from fertilized eggs.
Females are distinctly lighter in color with mostly gray hair fading to off white on their bellies.
Females are does, males are bucks and babies are called pinkies because of their bright pink color.
Females are dominant and remain in the same troop for life.
Females are dominant over males, and groups are female-led.
Females are dominant over males.
Females are dominant over the males.
Females are dominant to males.
Females are dominant, although males are twice as large.
Females are dominant.
Females are drab versions of the males .
Females are drawn in upper parts, males in lower parts.
Females are dull brown, with neither the wing plumes nor the head fan.
Females are dull brownish.
Females are dull brownish-grey, but with similar wing markings as the males.
Females are dull by comparison.
Females are dull gray-brown and have brown eyes.
Females are dull grey-blue above with a yellowish wash below.
Females are dull in color and only one half to three-fourths the size of males.
Females are dull in colour, but males are brilliantly hued with iridescent plumage.
Females are dull turquoise above with a pale blue crown and yellowish-white below.
Females are duller and less conspicuous.
Females are duller and more brownish with a shorter tail.
Females are duller in color and have less blue.
Females are duller in color, with dorsal color gray, with transverse bands and spots.
Females are duller in color.
Females are duller than males.
Females are duller than the males and have brown eyes whereas the males are blue.
Females are duller with an olive-green head.
Females are duller with bluish backs and a white teardrop shaped eye patch.
Females are duller with gray-brown wings.
Females are duller, lacking the black markings.
Females are duller.
Females are easier to clone than males.
Females are easy to catch when they return to the beaches to lay eggs.
Females are either co-dominant or moderately dominant over males.
Females are either dullish gray or brown throughout.
Females are encourage to attend.
Females are encouraged to attend special female military academies.
Females are energetic, managerial, unadorned.
Females are entirely tannish-brown, except for their white chin and belly.
Females are equipped with an ovipositor, used to release and deposit the fertilised eggs.
Females are especially at risk of predation during breeding season in the open nesting areas.
Females are especially at risk of predation when going to the open nesting areas.
Females are especially prone to comments about their weight.
Females are especially rare.
Females are extremely dominant and win all disputes with males.
Females are extremely protective of their young, and the group shares parental care.
Females are far and away the sex that has evolved to care for offspring.
Females are far less likely than males to be enrolled in special education programs.
Females are far more attracted to blue-based reds.
Females are far more likely to have an adverse reaction to male pollen than are males.
Females are faster than males and are called a doe , flyer , roo , or jill .
Females are fertile for four days every two years.
Females are fertile for only three days a year and gain no weight during pregnancy.
Females are fifteen to twenty percent smaller than the males.
Females are finer and smaller.
Females are five to six times more destructive than are the males.
Females are for quality of contribution, males are for quantity.
Females are found in open areas more often than males during the non-breeding season.
Females are full.
Females are genders.
Females are generally a little bigger than males.
Females are generally a little fatter than the males.
Females are generally about two-thirds the size of males.
Females are generally bigger than males.
Females are generally calmer and easier to train.
Females are generally completely sedentary.
Females are generally darker brown.
Females are generally darker colored.
Females are generally dominant to males, giving the females predominant choice of food and mates.
Females are generally duller and most have a violet-grey breast.
Females are generally duller with a more grayish head.
Females are generally larger than males and can reach lengths of ten feet.
Females are generally larger than males and can reach ten feet in length.
Females are generally larger than males and have a slightly wider wingspan.
Females are generally larger than males, and have a higher pitched call.
Females are generally larger than males, lighter in color, with smaller eyes and higher fins.
Females are generally larger than males, so the record setters are probably of the former gender.
Females are generally larger than males.
Females are generally larger than the males.
Females are generally larger, although there is some size overlap.
Females are generally monestrous and produce only a single litter per year.
Females are generally more affected by alcohol just prior to menstruation.
Females are generally more aggressive after giving birth.
Females are generally more expensive than males, however.
Females are generally more yellow than the males.
Females are generally paler and have fewer white stripes than males.
Females are generally paler in coloring than males.
Females are generally paler.
Females are generally plainer but still show iridescent colors for many species.
Females are generally re-breed a few weeks after they deliver a cria.
Females are generally slightly larger than males.
Females are generally slightly larger than the males.
Females are generally smaller and weigh less than males.
Females are generally smaller than males and exhibit proportionately similar qualities.
Females are generally smaller than males.
Females are generally smaller than the males.
Females are generally smaller.
Females are generally somewhat larger than males.
Females are generally various shades of light brown with clear fins.
Females are gray or brown with faint, dark lateral bands.
Females are gray or gray-blue with darker wings and darker feathers on top of their heads.
Females are gray to brownish with creamy throats and chests.
Females are grayer and browner.
Females are grayish brown and spotted and barred with white.
Females are grayish brown.
Females are greener than other female buntings.
Females are greenish above and buff below.
Females are greenish yellow.
Females are half the size and weight of males.
Females are harder to tell apart, though they tend to be darker than their continental counterparts.
Females are heterozygous, inheriting X chromosomes from both parents.
Females are hunted most often.
Females are identified by having a lack of male characteristics.
Females are in charge of building the nest.
Females are in estrus for approximately six days.
Females are in estrus for one to three weeks, but peak receptiveness lasts for only a few days.
Females are in heat approximately every four days.
Females are incapable of having a second litter in the same year.
Females are increasingly supportive of A. the Democratic party.
Females are indicated by black vertices or whiskers, males have none.
Females are indistinguishable from males.
Females are induced ovulators and can be bred year round.
Females are induced ovulators.
Females are induced-ovulators without a regular estrus cycle.
Females are inferior to males.
Females are invariably shorter and slighter than males.
Females are jealous of their fathers ' penis and wish to have one as well .
Females are just a brownish gray.
Females are just as likely to be the pack leader than males are.
Females are just as likely to become vandals.
Females are kind of complicated and it takes some learning to figure it out.
Females are known as hens.
Females are known to eat the males after mating.
Females are known to fly in overcast and rainy weather also.
Females are known to recognise their own young by smell.
Females are large, and have spiked thoraxes.
Females are larger .
Females are larger and darker than males.
Females are larger and grow faster than males of the same age.
Females are larger and have more width in the body.
Females are larger and have no beard.
Females are larger and heavier than males.
Females are larger and heavier than the males.
Females are larger and less colorful than males, with wider abdomens.
Females are larger and look more like a typical predatory dinosaur.
Females are larger and make up the majority of the birds banded.
Females are larger and more aggressive.
Females are larger and more brightly colored than males.
Females are larger and more robust than males, and have an elongated abdomen.
Females are larger and more robust, length up to four inches.
Females are larger and more robust.
Females are larger in both populations.
Females are larger in size and rounder, whereas, males are paler in color with narrower abdomen.
Females are larger on average than males, although with considerable overlap in size.
Females are larger overall and have higher domed carapaces than males.
Females are larger than males .
Females are larger than males and body is also a little wider.
Females are larger than males and have a longer beak, but the sexes share the same drab plumage.
Females are larger than males and they have black spots on face, neck and in the breast region.
Females are larger than males and usually have a more rounded body shape.
Females are larger than males and, when pregnant, can be extremely potbellied.
Females are larger than males, and the most dominant female heads the pack.
Females are larger than males, as is true of most birds of prey.
Females are larger than males, as with all baleen whales.
Females are larger than males, as with most sharks.
Females are larger than males, but adults of both sexes are known for their ruby red eyes.
Females are larger than males, but have shorter, blunter tusks.
Females are larger than males, especially during the winter.
Females are larger than males.
Females are larger than the male.
Females are larger than the males and give birth to between one and seven babies at a time.
Females are larger than the males.
Females are larger with a significantly longer forearm.
Females are larger with fuller bodies and more subdued colors.
Females are larger with rounder bellies.
Females are larger, green and tougher than males.
Females are larger, more muscular and definitely more aggressive.
Females are larger, on average.
Females are larger.
Females are larviparous, depositing first instar larvae rather than eggs.
Females are larviparous.
Females are leaner, and subject to more problems.
Females are left with their mothers in the group and become integrated into the family.
Females are legless and wingless.
Females are less boldly marked than the males, and their plumes are generally browner.
Females are less brilliant with their olive-yellow coloring and a lack of a black cap.
Females are less brilliant, with their olive-yellow coloring and lack of a black cap.
Females are less brilliant.
Females are less colorful and they have shorter fins.
Females are less colorful than males.
Females are less colorful, with a more washed-out rust color on the belly.
Females are less effective transmitters of gonorrhea than male.
Females are less flamboyantly colored and lack the extreme dentition of the males.
Females are less inclined to target large prey, but have the same seasonal bias.
Females are less likely to be affected as they have the non-affected X chromosome as well.
Females are less likely to be affected.
Females are less likely to exercise regularly compared to males.
Females are less likely to have repeated a grade than males.
Females are less likely to talk, but a few words are still possible.
Females are less massive in all respects with males having larger jowls.
Females are less obvious when they are ready to mate.
Females are less resplendent with brown to gray plumage above and a white eye ring and eye line.
Females are light brown with a reddish crest, wings, and tails.
Females are lighter and more greenish, smaller, with smaller head and shorter dorsal spines.
Females are lighter colored than males.
Females are lighter in color than males, and have brown wavy bands on their wings.
Females are lighter in color than males, tending to be brown rather than black.
Females are lighter in color than males.
Females are lighter, leaner, and slightly less 'full' in the coat.
Females are like the males in body color except that they lack the orange marking.
Females are live bearing and neither adults nor nymphs can climb completely smooth surfaces.
Females are located in beds.
Females are lured by the males to rearing sites where they deposit their eggs.
Females are mainly reponsible for initiating courtship and thier breeding behavior.
Females are marginally larger than males.
Females are mature at about two years.
Females are mature at five years old.
Females are medium in size, males are large.
Females are medium to dark brown with long pointed tails.
Females are monestrous and apparently give birth about every two years.
Females are monestrous and cycle shortly after parturition.
Females are monestrous.
Females are monoestrous.
Females are monotocous and seasonally monestrous.
Females are more active than males.
Females are more affected than males and often fall within the six to eight year age group.
Females are more affected than males.
Females are more affected.
Females are more affiliated with males that are in the same sleeping area.
Females are more aggressive and they are more likely to hiss and bite.
Females are more at risk.
Females are more aware of the internal dynamics of life.
Females are more brightly colored than the males.
Females are more closely related to their sisters than they are to their offspring.
Females are more difficult to separate.
Females are more expensive.
Females are more flat or rounded on their plastrons.
Females are more forgiving, but same sex adoptions cause many problems.
Females are more inclusive.
Females are more involved than males.
Females are more likely than males to feel guilty about the abuse and to feel powerless.
Females are more likely than males to have nightmares.
Females are more likely than males to have stones.
Females are more likely than males to take advantage of sugar water or other resources.
Females are more likely than males to think about, plan, and attempt suicide.
Females are more likely to attempt suicide than males.
Females are more likely to be assaulted by someone they know.
Females are more likely to be heavier than males.
Females are more likely to be willing to analyze the situation and take action to remedy it.
Females are more likely to bite since they are feeding to recover from laying eggs.
Females are more likely to bite when guarding an egg sac.
Females are more likely to burn fat.
Females are more likely to emit alarm calls than males.
Females are more likely to excel at lying.
Females are more likely to experience pollen-related allergies than males.
Females are more likely to experience social adjustment problems than are males.
Females are more likely to get raped, males are more likely to get beat up.
Females are more likely to have arthritis than males.
Females are more likely to inherit the breeding position of their mother or sister in larger groups.
Females are more likely to leave their natal group than males, who stay in their mother's group.
Females are more likely to major in administration c.
Females are more likely to migrate than males.
Females are more likely to receive shorter sentences than males.
Females are more likely to remain closer to their primary location than males.
Females are more likely to report having a public library card than males.
Females are more likely to report higher levels of seriousness.
Females are more likely to scent-mark with anogenital glands.
Females are more likely to stick to the main matriarchal herd.
Females are more likely to turn ermine than males.
Females are more likely to use waving or pleasant facial expressions to communicate than men.
Females are more mobile than males.
Females are more nurturing and a bit calmer, males tend to be more independent and feistier.
Females are more often just carriers of the disease while males usually end up mentally retarded.
Females are more often perpetrators in child-care settings, including baby sitting.
Females are more open with their feelings.
Females are more plump than males.
Females are more prevalent in adolescent gangs than previously reported.
Females are more prone to bladder infections than males because the urethra in females is short.
Females are more prone to contracting sexually transmitted diseases than males.
Females are more rounded than males and are usually much larger.
Females are more serious.
Females are more supportive of prescription drug benefits.
Females are more supportive than males of rights for immigrants and women.
Females are more territorial than males and they are the only permanent members of the group.
Females are more territorial than males.
Females are more tolerant of each other than males are and have more non-aggressive interactions.
Females are more tolerant to living with other females.
Females are more vulnerable to alcohol-related cirrhosis than men.
Females are more willing to mate with big bulls and when they are in Musth.
Females are mosaics for all X-linked heterozygous traits.
Females are mostfrequently the victims.
Females are mostly brown, with light undersides and a little yellow on their bib.
Females are mostly dark brown on the back, head, and wings with paler gray underparts.
Females are mostly gray and brown with a white ring around their eyes.
Females are mostly responsible and incubate the eggs every night.
Females are mostly responsible for defending the nest before and during egg laying.
Females are mostly white, and also have dark bands on their wings.
Females are mottled brown which aids in their camouflage when sitting on a nest.
Females are mottled brown.
Females are mottled grey-brown with chocolate brown heads and white wing patches.
Females are mottled red and brown with smaller, duller wattles and lack the long tail.
Females are mound-nesters, using available vegetation and mud.
Females are much bigger than males.
Females are much darker than males.
Females are much duller than males .
Females are much larger than males and completely larviform.
Females are much larger than males, which lack the ferocious-looking appearance.
Females are much larger than males.
Females are much larger than the males and are completely larviform.
Females are much larger than the males.
Females are much less brilliant.
Females are much less interested in missiles.
Females are much more active than males.
Females are much more heavily built than males, and have proportionally larger heads.
Females are much more likely than males to be killed by their spouse.
Females are much more likely than males to develop an eating disorder.
Females are much more likely to bite when they are protecting their egg sac.
Females are much more likely to have eating disorders than males.
Females are much more sensitive to touch.
Females are much more subdued with neutral colors and mottled patterns for better camouflage.
Females are much more susceptible to bone loss, but males are also at risk.
Females are much paler in color.
Females are much paler than subis on the forehead and underparts.
Females are much quieter, but equally determined to defend their territory against other females.
Females are much smaller than males both in size and weight.
Females are much smaller than males.
Females are much smaller than the males.
Females are much smaller.
Females are naturally more relaxed in their muscles than males.
Females are naturally quieter, so training cockatiels to talk works better with males.
Females are nearly identical to house flies, but darker with a silver stripe around their eyes.
Females are nearly invisible against the tundra in summer, and are slightly smaller than males.
Females are nearly white, with a few dark markings on the wings.
Females are nearly wingless and males have wings much shorter than their abdomen.
Females are never satisfied.
Females are no longer able to bear children because the uterus is removed during surgery.
Females are non-seasonal breeders and can breed year round.
Females are normally a little larger than males at full size.
Females are normally dominant over males, and can be quite aggressive toward their partners.
Females are normally larger than males.
Females are normally much larger than males because of the strict physical demands of laying eggs.
Females are normally responsible incubating eggs.
Females are normally slightly larger than males of the same age.
Females are normally solitary, except when they're raising their young.
Females are noticeably smaller averaging between three and four feet in length.
Females are often aggressive towards males who are trying to copulate before the female is ready.
Females are often bigger than the males in size.
Females are often devoid of horns.
Females are often greater in length and weigh more than males.
Females are often half the size of a silverback gorilla.
Females are often longer than the males.
Females are often more spiny than males.
Females are often of different parities and ages.
Females are often quite aggressive toward one another and nearly always establish a pecking order.
Females are often smaller than the males in general, and as with most miniatures, smaller is better.
Females are often the smaller of the pair and wider.
Females are often very much larger than the males.
Females are often wingless and adult males lack mouthparts .
Females are olive brown with orange highlights on the wings, tail, and crest.
Females are olive green with buffy yellow throat, breast, and bellies.
Females are on the average somewhat larger, have brighter colors and larger helmet.
Females are one-third the weight.
Females are only able to breed every four years.
Females are only slightly smaller than males.
Females are only slightly smaller.
Females are original as dancing nominations.
Females are overall brown, and have a bold brown and white pattern on their heads.
Females are oviparous and lay only one clutch a year and eggs are laid in decaying logs or stumps.
Females are oviparous following internal fertilization.
Females are oviparous, meaning they lay or spawn eggs.
Females are oviparous, or egg-laying.
Females are ovoviparous , that is, they give birth to live young.
Females are ovoviviparous .
Females are ovoviviparous and retain the eggs in the body until hatching.
Females are ovoviviparous, meaning they give birth to live young.
Females are ovoviviparous.
Females are pale in comparison, with an olive green upper back and head.
Females are paler and buffier, and the beard is short.
Females are particularly defensive of territory.
Females are particularly susceptible.
Females are peahens, and together, they are called peafowl.
Females are people.
Females are philopatric, while males immigrate into other groups.
Females are physically weaker than men for the same reason there are different species.
Females are picky and the rich get richer.
Females are plain brown, no eye stripe, gray bill and shorter tail feathers.
Females are plain but they do have white wingbars.
Females are plainer brown, darkest on the wings and tail, with a dark eye.
Females are plainer in decoration, and are mostly gray.
Females are plumper with duller, more golden coloring.
Females are poisonous, while males and juveniles are harmless.
Females are polyestrous and are able to breed all year long.
Females are polyestrous and are able to have two or three litters a year.
Females are polyestrous and have one litter per season.
Females are polyestrous and produce two or three litters during the breeding season.
Females are polyestrous and successive pregnancies can begin in the later stages of lactation.
Females are polyestrous but produce only one litter per year.
Females are polyestrous, being able t enter estrus up to six times during the season.
Females are polyestrous, experience a postpartum estrus, and produce three or four litters annually.
Females are polyestrous, that is, they are sexually receptive all year around.
Females are polyestrous, which means they come into heat year round.
Females are polyestrous, with an estrus period lasting two weeks.
Females are polyestrous.
Females are pregnant for about five months.
Females are pregnant for less than a month.
Females are pregnant for nearly three months.
Females are pregnant up to one year and usually give birth to one pup.
Females are pregnant.
Females are prettier than males.
Females are primarily brown.
Females are primarily responsible for the nurture of children.
Females are princesses.
Females are produced from fer- tilized eggs and are diploid.
Females are produced from fertilized eggs while males are born of unfertilized eggs.
Females are promiscuous for about one to two weeks after their arrival at the nesting site.
Females are proportionately smaller than males.
Females are proportionately smaller.
Females are proportionately somewhat longer in body.
Females are proud to be fangirls, but males are ashamed to be considered fanboys.
Females are purple with blue-black bars going vertical.
Females are purple.
Females are quite a bit larger than the males - up to half a size larger than the male.
Females are quite different, lacking any red color.
Females are quite docile, although they can sting.
Females are quite loud, making a toad-like croaking when moving.
Females are rather nondescript but the small white patch in the wing is diagnostic.
Females are rather plain looking and medium-green.
Females are ready around one year of age.
Females are ready for breeding again after the young are weaned.
Females are ready to breed in the second autumn of their lives.
Females are ready to mate at a younger age.
Females are receptive during only a few months in a year, resulting in competition between males.
Females are receptive to males during their one heat period which lasts nine to ten days.
Females are receptive to males for one day.
Females are receptive to mating for three or four days within a widely variable reproductive cycle.
Females are recognized by the narrow yellow parallel stripes on the abdomen.
Females are recognized by triangular and sharp dorsal fins in comparison to the residents.
Females are red with white markings.
Females are redder in color, while males bear two small hair-covered horns.
Females are reddish brown and barred above.
Females are reddish in color beneath the white scale covers.
Females are reddish-brown with black eyes.
Females are relatively intolerant of each other and males.
Females are relaxed as well, but more playful and interesting.
Females are reportedly very protective of their young, even to the point of attacking whaling boats.
Females are reproductively active into old age.
Females are responsible for hunting and care of the young.
Females are responsible for parental care.
Females are responsible for raising the young.
Females are responsible for territorial defense.
Females are responsible for the two biggest advances in computer programming.
Females are said to be larger than males .
Females are said to be larger than males.
Females are said to dominate males.
Females are scared to venture away from home.
Females are seasonally polyestrous and have a postpartum estrus.
Females are seasonally polyestrous with a cycle of approximately three weeks.
Females are seasonally polyestrus.
Females are sedentary, and once a home range is established, they remain in an area all their life.
Females are sedentary, staying on or near their web.
Females are sexually mature as early as three years of age.
Females are sexually mature at six months, but typically begin breeding at one year of age.
Females are sexually mature at the age of two, while males sexually mature at the age of three.
Females are sexually mature at three to five years of age.
Females are sexually mature by one year of age, while males take one and a half years to mature.
Females are sexually mature by the time they become independent.
Females are sexually promiscuous as they frequently have cubs with different males.
Females are sexually receptive only when they have developed ova.
Females are shorter and broader than males.
Females are shorter as compared to males.
Females are sightless and never leave their wasp host.
Females are significantly heavier and larger than males.
Females are significantly larger than males.
Females are significantly longer than males.
Females are significantly smaller than males.
Females are significantly under represented in the ten highest paying occupations. . .
Females are silent.
Females are similar but less brightly coloured.
Females are similar but lighter.
Females are similar but slightly smaller than male.
Females are similar except for a chestnut cap.
Females are similar in appearance to males, but smaller in stature and lacking horns.
Females are similar to males but lack the red hind neck.
Females are similar to males except that they are smaller, paler, and have a narrower breast band.
Females are similar to males in shape, but are light brown overall, with a white beak.
Females are similar to males in size but lack the long horns, a characteristic true of all scarabs.
Females are similar to males, although a little heavier and without horns.
Females are similar to males, but a little smaller and without horns.
Females are similar to males, though slightly smaller and with slimmer horns.
Females are similar to males, though slightly smaller.
Females are similar, but less colorful.
Females are similar, though the black on the throat is reduced or absent.
Females are slighter larger than the males.
Females are slightly bigger, bur males have slightly larger bills.
Females are slightly bigger.
Females are slightly duller and paler in color than males.
Females are slightly larger and have a light-colored, pointed abdomen.
Females are slightly larger and have two pairs of mammae between their hind legs.
Females are slightly larger and more robust than the males and have a long telescoping ovipositor.
Females are slightly larger than males and have more space between eyes.
Females are slightly larger than males with similar but brighter colours.
Females are slightly larger than males, both sexes have horns.
Females are slightly larger than males, on average.
Females are slightly larger than males, with a wing span averaging about six inches.
Females are slightly larger than males.
Females are slightly larger than the males.
Females are slightly larger.
Females are slightly longer and wider than males.
Females are slightly longer than the males.
Females are slightly longer.
Females are slightly paler in color than males.
Females are slightly shorter as compared to the males.
Females are slightly smaller and less bulky than males.
Females are slightly smaller and lighter.
Females are slightly smaller as compared to males.
Females are slightly smaller in height and weight.
Females are slightly smaller in size and have no antlers.
Females are slightly smaller or the same size as males.
Females are slightly smaller than males.
Females are slightly smaller than the males, and their udders have only two nipples.
Females are slightly smaller than the males.
Females are slightly smaller with rounder heads.
Females are slightly smaller, but are otherwise indistinguishable from males.
Females are slightly smaller.
Females are small enough to pass through the flicker hole.
Females are smaller and a duller brown color.
Females are smaller and duller in coloration.
Females are smaller and easier to control.
Females are smaller and hornless, with tawny coloration.
Females are smaller and hornless, without a beard or nose markings.
Females are smaller and lack manes.
Females are smaller and less brilliantly colored.
Females are smaller and lighter in color.
Females are smaller and more copper colored with shorter neck hackles.
Females are smaller and more slender.
Females are smaller and slightly less colorful.
Females are smaller and slimmer than males.
Females are smaller and tend to be more active and playful than males.
Females are smaller and thinner but equally feared as hunters and sporting the same colouring.
Females are smaller and thinner than males.
Females are smaller and usually without antlers.
Females are smaller and weigh only about half as much.
Females are smaller in all physical dimensions.
Females are smaller in length and weight.
Females are smaller in size and have darker bills.
Females are smaller in size and have shorter horns than male Nubian ibexes.
Females are smaller in size and weight.
Females are smaller in stature and have no antlers.
Females are smaller than males .
Females are smaller than males and have much smaller canines.
Females are smaller than males, with less colorful feathers and no tuft of bristles on the breast.
Females are smaller than males.
Females are smaller than the males.
Females are smaller, and are mottled grey with a chocolate brown head.
Females are smaller, and generally have tan to olive backs and silvery sides.
Females are smaller, at about half the size.
Females are smaller, usually weighing between ten and twelve pounds.
Females are smaller.
Females are smaller.A large, strongly built deer.
Females are sneaky going to and from the nest.
Females are solely responsible for incubation and brood rearing.
Females are solitary and tend to avoid each other.
Females are solitary except when raising cubs, and follow migratory herds of gazelles.
Females are solitary except when they have young.
Females are solitary except when they're raising cubs.
Females are someone smaller.
Females are sometimes fertile and have occasionally given birth to litigons when mated to a lion.
Females are sometimes larger than are males.
Females are somewhat darker and more extensively marked.
Females are somewhat faster growing than males.
Females are somewhat larger and plumper than males.
Females are somewhat larger than males.
Females are somewhat less enterprising, occupying territories of up to one square mile.
Females are somewhat lighter and smaller.
Females are somewhat more likely than males to report being victims of violence.
Females are somewhat smaller in size and have no antlers.
Females are somewhat smaller than the males.
Females are somewhat smaller.
Females are somewhat variable in colour, but males are uniformly slate grey .
Females are still pioneers of the industry.
Females are streaked and brown, with plain faces.
Females are subordinate to males except when litters are present.
Females are substantially larger than males.
Females are substantially smaller, and their dorsal ridge and dewlaps are less developed.
Females are substantially smaller.
Females are susceptible to mammary tumors, uterine infections and ovarian tumors.
Females are tan to olive in coloration with irregular, darker vertical bars on their sides.
Females are tan to olive, with disrupted vertical bars along the sides.
Females are tannish-brown with reddish wings.
Females are tawny brown.
Females are territorial against other females during the breeding season.
Females are territorial during summer and exclude other squirrels of both sexes form their area.
Females are the anchors of lion society.
Females are the divine objects of beauty, males tend to be on the receiving end of the whole affair.
Females are the dominant member of the group.
Females are the dominant members, followed in rank by cubs, while adult males rank lowest.
Females are the larger of the two sexes, with a maximum width of six feet across.
Females are the limiting factor in perpetuation of the species.
Females are the main hunters of the pride.
Females are the ones that initiate mating, and it can occur during any period of the year.
Females are the ones with a long, thin egg-laying tube at the end of the body.
Females are the only caregivers of young.
Females are the only ones that leave the water to lay their eggs.
Females are the only sex that invest in pup development.
Females are the poisonous gender.
Females are the primary care givers in bluebird pairs.
Females are the prime hunters and work together to prey.
Females are the recipients of the abuse in most cases.
Females are the rulers of the sexes and men are just selfish assed pimps.
Females are the same as males, but lacking any blue.
Females are the same except the breast and abdomen are a pale buff and the beak is reddish orange.
Females are the sex with a large parental investment per gamete .
Females are the sole source of parental care following birth until independence.
Females are the source of troubles, and marriage is most likely to be unhappy.
Females are therefore able to bear young only every three years.
Females are thought to be territorial and to avoid one another.
Females are thought to become sexually mature in their second year.
Females are thought to have one to four cubs at a time, but average two cubs at a time.
Females are thought to mate with more than one male.
Females are three times more likely than males to get rosacea .
Females are three times more likely than males to get rosacea.
Females are three times more likely to be sexually abused during childhood than males.
Females are three times smaller than males.
Females are thus able to have several young after just one mating.
Females are thus choosy and males showy.
Females are thus only able to reproduce two or three times in their lifetimes.
Females are tinged rich brown overall, especially on the crown and nape.
Females are to be weak, yielding and dependent, emotional and fearful.
Females are to wear comparable attire.
Females are twice as likely as males to get diabetes.
Females are twice as likely as males to have gallstone disease in mid life.
Females are twice as likely to suffer from anxiety than males.
Females are twice as likely to suffer from depression, which is why they make more attempts.
Females are typically heavier and have more and larger dark specks.
Females are typically larger than males of all year classes.
Females are typically larger than males.
Females are typically larger than their male counterparts.
Females are typically light in color, with brown or black spots or patches.
Females are typically smaller although they can grow quite large too.
Females are typically smaller than males.
Females are typically superior in verbal abilities and in items concerned with social relations.
Females are unable to assess directly the quality of the males.
Females are under represented as well.
Females are under the gun a lot, especially if they are working with ex-military.
Females are uniformly a speckled brown color.
Females are uniformly brown.
Females are uniformly grayish-brown.
Females are uniformly green and males are blue-green with darker or lighter crossbands.
Females are unspectacular in comparison, lacking the coloration and long mane of the male.
Females are usually a lighter brown than males.
Females are usually a little bigger than males.
Females are usually a little larger than males.
Females are usually a little smaller than the males.
Females are usually a little smaller.
Females are usually a medium or darker brown with some thin, yellow markings.
Females are usually bigger and heavier than males .
Females are usually bigger and heavier than males.
Females are usually bigger in size.
Females are usually bigger than male head lice, and can lay up to eight nits per day.
Females are usually bigger than males.
Females are usually blue-grey so they are refereed to as blue fliers.
Females are usually blue-grey.
Females are usually brownish with dark-brown markings, the males are pure grey with black markings.
Females are usually carriers because they only have one copy of the disease allele.
Females are usually carriers of x-linked traits and thus transmit the trait to their male children.
Females are usually considerably larger than males.
Females are usually darker than the male.
Females are usually darker with more markings than males.
Females are usually duller in color compared to the males.
Females are usually good mothers, but tend to be clumsy that easily crush eggs.
Females are usually grayer breasted and shorter billed than males.
Females are usually heavier.
Females are usually hornless.
Females are usually larger than males of the same age.
Females are usually larger than males, and they have creamy white throats.
Females are usually larger than males.
Females are usually larger than the males.
Females are usually larger.
Females are usually less darkly marked than males.
Females are usually lighter and about two feet shorter.
Females are usually more abundant than males in the winter months, and they live longer than males.
Females are usually more choosy than males.
Females are usually more jumpy, while males prefer a life of leisure - on average.
Females are usually more numerous than the males and mating occurs only within the group.
Females are usually more selective and males less selective in choice of a sexual partner.
Females are usually over two years old before they have their first litter.
Females are usually paler on the underside of the neck and chest.
Females are usually paler than males.
Females are usually quieter, especially while sitting on nests.
Females are usually reddish brown and are little smaller than the males.
Females are usually reddish in color and tinged with yellow with two dark stripes.
Females are usually reddish in color with brown-toned markings.
Females are usually reliable parents.
Females are usually similar to males in coloration, though slightly smaller in stature.
Females are usually slightly bigger than the males.
Females are usually slightly less.
Females are usually slightly smaller than males.
Females are usually slightly smaller.
Females are usually smaller and lighter in color.
Females are usually smaller than males .
Females are usually smaller than males.
Females are usually smaller than the boys.
Females are usually smaller.
Females are usually the larger of the two, monomorphic sexes.
Females are usually the most alert to danger.
Females are usually white or gray and unspotted.
Females are various shades of green with no blue and an emerald green eyestreak.
Females are very aggressive, particularly during nesting activity.
Females are very fast.
Females are very good at espionage.
Females are very loyal to a smaller number of people and are a bit more serious.
Females are very maternal, having average litters of three to five kittens.
Females are very noisy when in breeding condition.
Females are very quiet and when they do coo have a higher pitched voice.
Females are very similar to other female buntings but can be identified by their more curved culmen.
Females are viviparous, retaining eggs in the ovary after fertilization until yolk-sac absorption.
Females are washed brownish.
Females are welcome anytime.
Females are welcome in our lobby.
Females are well equipped for their maternal roles with their discreet, cryptic colouration.
Females are well-camouflaged in basic brown.
Females are white with a black tear drop mark, and young birds emerge white with black beaks.
Females are whiter, with a yellowish tinge instead of salmon.
Females are wingless and are very different in shape to the slender male.
Females are wingless and covered with dense hair, superficially resembling ants.
Females are wingless and crawl into trees to mate.
Females are wingless and form webbed tunnels in the yard under stones or wood.
Females are wingless and live in soil or rotten wood.
Females are wingless and usually immobile.
Females are wingless, and males carry two pair of wings.
Females are wingless, and males have wings.
Females are wingless, which means they can migrate only by walking.
Females are wingless.
Females are witches and can cast clerical magics from a few spheres.
Females are without antlers, considerably larger than spotted deer does.
Females are without manes but have the same body coloration as males.
Females are without tubercles.
Females are XX, and are termed homogametic.
Females are yellow and brown.
Females are yellow-green.
Females are yellowish- white in color and have no wings.
Females are, after all, the only birds capable of egg production.
Females are, for the most part, smaller then males and bear a grayish line along their back.
Females are, however, enjoying greater participation at the administrative level.
Females are, on average, smaller than the males.
Females arrive a few days to a couple of weeks later, when both worms and mud are easy to find.
Females arrive a week or two later.
Females arrive after the nests are completed, coming in from deeper waters.
Females arrive and select mates.
Females arrive at the breeding ponds approximately one week after the males start calling.
Females arrive on territory a few days to a week behind the males.
Females arrive on the breeding grounds a few days after the males.
Females arrive several days to a few weeks later.
Females arrive simultaneously, rather than over long period of time.
Females arrive to give birth, and males come to protect their mates.
Females arrive up to a week later, and pair bonds form shortly thereafter.
Females ascend tropical beaches to excavate nests.
Females asexually pro- duce broods of eggs, which hatch into more females.
Females assume most of the feeding duties during the first couple of days after hatching.
Females attach fertilized egg masses to the substrate for several days, then also perish.
Females attach one egg at a time to twigs, grass stems, vegetation, or detrious.
Females attach white to brown eggs to hairs at the rate of one to four each day for about two weeks.
Females attain full size by the age of five, and males by the age of seven.
Females attain greater lengths than males.
Females attain reproductive maturity on their first year itself.
Females attain sexual maturity more quickly than males.
Females attain sexual maturity when slightly more than a year old.
Females attain the maturity after two years of their birth but they start breeding after four years.
Females attend the lek and choose a male to mate with.
Females attend the nests throughout the incubation period.
Females attract males by releasing a pheromone.
Females attract potential mates through scents and vocalizations.
Females average about one-third smaller than males.
Females average about three feet, while males range from three to four feet.
Females average slightly larger than males.
Females average slightly smaller.
Females avoid copulations with their mature sons and their brothers.
Females awaiting the death penalty are at a separate facility.
Females axe similar to each other, lacking high color.
Females basically refuse to mate with males showing the lowest fitness tactic.
Females bear a far greater burden of the problems associated with poverty.
Females bear a litter of one to three cubs, which become independent in one year.
Females bear a single baby every four to five years.
Females bear a single calf every two or three years and gestation is about twelve months.
Females bear an average of five to ten pups annually.
Females bear one or two litters of two to four pups.
Females bear one young every two years.
Females bear red berries if there's a male holly nearby.
Females bear short ovipositors and parasitize only young larvae or even eggs.
Females bear small cones with a small terminal hook on each scale.
Females bear small cones.
Females bear their young in a nest of thick vegetation rather than digging dens.
Females bear their young ones in dens made in the ground.
Females bear their young while hibernating in the winter.
Females bear two or more young each day, rather than laying eggs.
Females bear young while roosting in trees, preferring sites as described under cover requirements.
Females become fertile when they reach between two and three years of age.
Females become fertile within their first year and mating occurs throughout the year.
Females become immobile as they continue to feed and mature.
Females become larger than males and have been the target of the fishery for that reason.
Females become limiting resource for males.
Females become little more than egg producing organisms.
Females become mature at about five or six years of age.
Females become more reddish during the breeding season.
Females become more vulnerable with increased hunting pressure.
Females become objects for sex.
Females become pregnant every other year.
Females become receptive once a year and births seem to be related to coincide with rainfall.
Females become sexually mature after three years.
Females become sexually mature at about two years.
Females become sexually mature at the age of five years.
Females become sexually mature at the age of two years, males at three to four years.
Females become sexually mature at two to three years of age.
Females become sexually mature at two years and males at three years of age.
Females become sexually mature between the age of three and four.
Females become sexually mature once they reach about three meters in length.
Females begin breeding at about a year of age while males peak at two years of age.
Females begin bringing leaf material within the first week of release for nest production.
Females begin by digging a pit with their front legs.
Females begin depositing eggs ca.
Females begin egg laying as soon as the leaves unfold from the bud.
Females begin excavating new tunnels or expanding tunnels from previous years.
Females begin incubating immediately after laying the first egg.
Females begin laying egg masses.
Females begin laying eggs about two days after emergence.
Females begin laying eggs in unison, which hatch in synch and fuel the swarm.
Females begin laying eggs the evening after mating and continue for several nights.
Females begin laying eggs three days to five days after they emerge.
Females begin mating on the first night after emergence and begin laying eggs the following evening.
Females begin sexual activity at three years of age, males at four.
Females begin spawning soon after ovulation.
Females begin to breed in their third year, and have one baby every year.
Females begin to construct mound nests before the onset of the annual rains.
Females begin to deposit eggs in midsummer on hairy cucurbit surfaces.
Females begin to have babies when they are between two and three years old .
Females begin to have babies when they are between two and three years old.
Females begin to lay eggs about a week after emergence.
Females begin to lay eggs in less than two weeks.
Females begin to mate when they are about two and a half years old.
Females begin to partially incubate the clutch after the first egg is laid.
Females belong to the mother-nurturer type.
Females better perceive more intense stimulus against background noise.
Females bite fiercely, often making victims yelp from the pain.
Females bite only when hungry, agitated or protecting the egg sac.
Females bite the dog, taking a blood meal.
Females bleat softly to communicate with their young.
Females bleat very softly when communicating with their young.
Females born into the pride stay with it for life, but ales are driven away as adolescents.
Females break away from the herd to give birth in isolation.
Females breed about once every three years, or less frequently.
Females breed at a young age with a shorter gestation period than the livestock industry average.
Females breed at a younger age because the male population is larger.
Females breed at any time of the year, and generally have two litters a year.
Females breed every other year.
Females breed every third or fourth year.
Females breed every third year after separating from their young.
Females breed every three years and usually have about two offspring.
Females breed every two years.
Females breed for the first time when they are yearlings.
Females breed immediately after the birth of a litter.
Females breed in their second year and make one annual nesting attempt.
Females breed only once a year.
Females breed only once during their lives.
Females breed only once every three years.
Females breed repeatedly with numerous males.
Females breed when they are two years old, generally giving birth each year.
Females bring a gift for a female and males bring a gift for a male tagged appropriately.
Females bring stability to the group.
Females bring up the baby while males come around only to mate.
Females bring up the young and are territorial over their brood.
Females brood their eggs in an internal brood pouch, releasing fully active juveniles.
Females brood their young in a brood pouch.
Females brood their young in a pouch under their thorax.
Females buckle up more often than males.
Females build a domed nest close to the ground and take sole responsibility for raising the young.
Females build a nest of leaves in which they bear and raise their young.
Females build cells in the soil where eggs are laid.
Females build domed nests and lay three to four eggs.
Females build large nests of vegetation.
Females build nests and seem to return to the same spots each mating season.
Females build nests or take over abandoned bird nests in which to birth and rear offspring.
Females build nests, raise young etc.
Females build snow-dens in which they give birth and nurse.
Females build the nest alone.
Females build the nest and incubate the young, and both sexes help feed the young.
Females build the nest cup set in a cavity low down on tree trunks - frequently cedars.
Females build the nest, completing before mating.
Females build the nests, which are grass domes with side entrances.
Females build their nest approximately one month after mating.
Females build their nests on remote sandy areas along the coast.
Females burrow into loose, moist sod to deposit eggs.
Females burrow into the soil for approximately ten inches, with a channel of about half an inch.
Females burrow underground, chew small niches in root bark, and lay one to three eggs.
Females burst into tears and slam doors.
Females call but leave the singing to the males.
Females call in the males with a pheromone released from a gland at the tip of the abdomen.
Females call loudly.
Females call often when foraging or collecting nest materials.
Females call their calves and the calves have a special call with which they can respond.
Females calve every three to four years.
Females calve with ease.
Females can achieve a leg span of four and a half inches.
Females can also be abusive.
Females can also make a wide range of different noises, and they are usually more vocal than males.
Females can also mate in the hard-shelled condition.
Females can and do become pregnant from having sex during their menstrual period.
Females can and DO succeed here along with their male counterparts.
Females can apply for one of the five double rooms or the one single room.
Females can be a little harder.
Females can be a little more complex and strong-willed, but are equally devoted to their owners.
Females can be aggressive towards one another.
Females can be as small as four pounds in adulthood, males run about six pounds.
Females can be double-mated to correspond more closely to the time of ovulation.
Females can be heterozygous for the colorblindness trait - they are called carriers.
Females can be incredibly subtle.
Females can be long-lived.
Females can be much more aggressive than males.
Females can be pregnant and still lactate to feed their current litter of pups.
Females can be quite colorful.
Females can be selective about where they choose to nest.
Females can be sexually mature as young as six weeks and males after a couple of months.
Females can be somewhat more aloof.
Females can be sure that they contributed to an offspring when they give birth or lay eggs.
Females can be twice as large as males, and more variable.
Females can be twice as large as males.
Females can be very aggressive toward males and can cause serious injuries.
Females can be very aggressive toward males, even during estrus.
Females can be very aggressive towards males and can cause serious injuries.
Females can become four years old and never leave their hiding.
Females can become helpers or egglayers, effectively workers or queens.
Females can become pregnant again within several hours of giving birth.
Females can become pregnant immediately following the birth of a litter.
Females can become very robust and heavy.
Females can begin to lay eggs after one day of emergence.
Females can breed and become pregnant again soon after delivering a litter.
Females can breed at three months of age.
Females can breed in first year, and twinning is common on good range.
Females can breed in their second summer.
Females can breed several times a year.
Females can breed shortly after parturition.
Females can breed starting at one year of age.
Females can breed when they are a year old.
Females can breed when they are one year old.
Females can breed year-round.
Females can capture heavier prey than can males.
Females can carry fertilized eggs for up to a year, giving birth when conditions are right.
Females can carry the condition and pass it on to their children.
Females can choose mates on the basis of material offerings or particular male traits.
Females can come into heat at any time of the year, but spring is most common.
Females can come into oestrus twice a year.
Females can commence breeding at six months.
Females can delay implantation of an embryo.
Females can detect a host plant from a great distance away.
Females can develop problems with the mamary glands.
Females can dive deeper and longer than males.
Females can experience a wide range of detrimental effects from males.
Females can experience harassment.
Females can fertilize their eggs in two ways .
Females can fertilize their eggs in two ways.
Females can fly several kilometres in search of a suitable brood site.
Females can get defensive around their webs and bite, especially when there are egg sacs present.
Females can get defensive when raising young.
Females can get urinary blockages too.
Females can give birth every two to three years.
Females can give birth to as many as five babies, but usually only one or two survive.
Females can give birth to as many as six cubs.
Females can give birth to litters of two to three cubs up to three times a year.
Females can give birth to one to five cubs but usually two or three.
Females can give birth to puppies from more than one father.
Females can give birth to several litters a year, each with one to six young.
Females can give birth to several litters per year.
Females can give birth twice a year.
Females can give birth twice in one year.
Females can grow short horns three to four inches in length.
Females can grow up to approx.
Females can have a calf every two years, but average three years between births.
Females can have a few large versus many small progeny.
Females can have between ten and seventy three eggs in one clutch.
Females can have brown-black genitals and black hairs on the tips of fingers and toes.
Females can have calves when they are about four years old.
Females can have facial hair, and males can have no facial hair at all.
Females can have litters every three weeks.
Females can have multiple partners and they are solitary hunters.
Females can have one cria per year.
Females can have one spur or none, and their body size is smaller than the male.
Females can have problems with estrogen use and in pregnancy.
Females can have small green and black spines and tubercles at maturity.
Females can have three or four litters a year.
Females can have two broods per year.
Females can have two litters per year, one from each breeding season.
Females can have two or three litters a year of six to eight young each.
Females can have up to four cubs at a time although litters of two or three are more common.
Females can have up to six different litters in a year.
Females can have up to two litters per year.
Females can inflict a painful sting.
Females can lack femininity, wanting to run the show and be aggressive.
Females can lay approx.
Females can lay eggs in green papayas and citrus and young bananas.
Females can lay eggs three to four weeks after becoming adults.
Females can lay just four days after being born.
Females can lay one to six eggs, with two eggs being the most common.
Females can lay single eggs every two weeks.
Females can lay thousands of eggs at one time.
Females can lay up to two dozen eggs at a time.
Females can live for three years.
Females can live together peacefully.
Females can live up to eight years.
Females can match photos of other mothers with photos of their offspring.
Females can mate as soon as young are born.
Females can mate in a few days after giving birth.
Females can mate several times and lay several clutches of eggs in one season.
Females can mate when four to six weeks old.
Females can mate with several males and have several male tended nests in one breeding season.
Females can now work outside the house, even at good jobs.
Females can nurse up to six infants simultaneously.
Females can often inflict painful stings.
Females can only donate an X-chromosome.
Females can only have a limited number of children in their lifetimes.
Females can only have four babies at one time.
Females can only mate with mature males to produce offspring that are the size of a flea.
Females can only migrate by walking because they are wingless.
Females can perpetrate rape.
Females can probably store sperm for several years.
Females can produce litters up to seven times in a lifetime, but the seventh litter is rare.
Females can produce more than one million eggs.
Females can produce multiple clutches of eggs in a year.
Females can produce offspring until about two years old.
Females can produce several broods per year and the average lifespan is three years.
Females can produce thousands, or even millions, of eggs in one go.
Females can produce two litters in a year, although one is the norm.
Females can produce two litters per year but only under favorable conditions.
Females can produce two litters per year.
Females can reach maturity in six to eight weeks.
Females can reach more than thirty years and give birth to pups at high age.
Females can reach two to three feet in length, and weigh three to four pounds.
Females can recognize siblings, even unfamiliar ones, and prefer unrelated males to siblings .
Females can recognize the songs of males of their own species.
Females can reject males by moving away, kicking, and extruding their ovipositor.
Females can reject the males at any point, especially if they have already mated with another male.
Females can replace lost appendages as they moult.
Females can reproduce annually, but biennial cycles are likely more common.
Females can reproduce without males so populations increase very quickly.
Females can spawn as many as six times during a season.
Females can spawn twice in their life-cycle and release up to two million eggs at a time.
Females can stay with the fry for months without any problems.
Females can store sperm and produce fertilized eggs up to four years after mating.
Females can store the sperm for a long time before using it to fertilise their eggs .
Females can store viable sperm for several months.
Females can t do it alone.
Females can talk, but tend to be much less vocal.
Females can then band together to better defend themselves against harassment by males.
Females can voluntarily sign up for military training and service like regular conscripts.
Females can weigh twice as much as males when they are mature.
Females can weigh up to three pounds.
Females care for the litter by themselves.
Females care for young alone.
Females carry and give birth to only one calf at a time.
Females carry egg sacks behind their gill legs.
Females carry eggs beneath the abdomen in a silk cocoon.
Females carry eggs in brood pouches underneath their body.
Females carry eggs near the abdomen, well inside the shell, for protection.
Females carry eggs until hatching and both sexes die after reproduction.
Females carry eggs until they hatch.
Females carry fertilized eggs from spring to late winter, at which time the larvae hatch.
Females carry one third of the eggs, and they never carry their own eggs.
Females carry the eggs under the tail for up to five months.
Females carry their eggs for a period of four to five months.
Females carry their eggs in a brood sac on their abdomen.
Females carry their infants in their mouth for a few weeks after they are born.
Females carry their young for almost two years.
Females carry their young for over two months.
Females carrying eggs usually bury themselves in sandy beaches during the fall.
Females carrying young are particularly sensitive to environmental stresses.
Females casually change membership from one group to the other.
Females catch the sperm released into the water from the mouths of the males.
Females cease to exhibit lordosis after removal of ovaries.
Females cease to exhibit lordosis after removal of their ovaries.
Females certainly live longer than males.
Females change colour and develop hooked snouts, but the alteration is less spectacular.
Females chew a groove through the bark to the cambium on the branch where new shoots arise.
Females chew a hole, deposit an egg, and seal the hole with a gelatinous secretion.
Females chew a three-eighths inch diameter pit through the bark and then lay an egg in each pit.
Females chew holes through the bur and into the nut to make a suitable place in which to lay eggs.
Females chew through bark to lay their eggs.
Females chew through tree bark to lay eggs.
Females choose a mate from among the displaying males.
Females choose males according to their calls.
Females choose mates based on many factors.
Females choose symmetrical males.
Females choose the partners carefully.
Females choose the same home ranges for their nesting sites each year.
Females choose who they mate with.
Females claim less well defined territories, individually or jointly with other females.
Females clear away debris by rapidly fanning the substrate with their tail.
Females clear the drug zolpidem more slowly than males.
Females click, but males gobble.
Females closely resemble other hummingbird females.
Females collect the pollen and nectar and lay eggs.
Females Come around and pick from the available males.
Females come ashore shortly after the males to give birth to pups conceived the previous season.
Females come in season a few times each year.
Females come in the springtime.
Females come into estrus a number of times during the year and give birth to several litters.
Females come into estrus in the fall with anestrus occurring in late spring.
Females come into estrus or 'heat' several times during the year.
Females come into heat every four days.
Females come into heat every four to six weeks.
Females come into heat numerous times during the breeding cycle but breed only once each cycle.
Females come into heat throughout the year around the equator but heat become seasonal further away.
Females come on heat several times a year.
Females come on shore to lay their eggs.
Females come out of the water to lay their eggs in late spring or early summer.
Females come out of the water to lay their eggs on beaches at night.
Females come to the leking ground to choose and be mated by a male.
Females commit far, far fewer crimes than males.
Females commonly develop abnormal menstruation, both amenorrhea and increased bleeding.
Females commonly live up to two years.
Females communicate their readiness to mate by raising their snouts upwards.
Females compete equally intensely for males, but emphasize quality over quantity.
Females compete for the male puch space.
Females compete with other females to acquire, prepare, and defend nesting sites.
Females completely covered with orange scales can be very striking.
Females comprise a smaller percentage of the inmate population than new commitments.
Females comprise the majority of frequent fitness participants and health club members.
Females conceive around eight to nine years of age.
Females conceive as early as six to seven months of age, whereas males take two years to mature.
Females conceive at two years.
Females conceive soon after arousal from aestivation.
Females congregate nearby and enter the pits individually.
Females consistently prefer more colorful males.
Females continue mating during gestation to prevent infanticide by dominant males.
Females continue to be clustered into traditionally female occupations.
Females continue to earn less than their male counterparts in each college.
Females continue to get married at an earlier age than males.
Females continue to molt after reaching maturity and therefore are able to regenerate lost legs.
Females continue to moult after reaching maturity and, therefore, are able to regenerate lost legs.
Females continue to produce offspring without mating so long as weather allows feeding and growth.
Females continue to reproduce for about six weeks.
Females control access to males indirectly by monopolizing critical resources.
Females control access to multiple males.
Females cooperate to care for all the young in the group.
Females cooperate with each other a lot, but in non-conflict situations.
Females cover much smaller areas, usually about one to six square miles.
Females crawl from the Gulf late at night to lay their nests.
Females crawls out of anus at night to lay eggs - itching.
Females create burrows in which the eggs are laid.
Females create problems and then blame males.
Females cruise through the arena, observe the displays, and choose a mate based on their evaluation.
Females defend the areas around the nests against other female hummingbirds and predator species.
Females defend the nest area from other squirrels.
Females defend their territory against other groups and even solitary males.
Females defend their young vigorously, charging any intruders.
Females defer to males.
Females delay reproduction until they have enough energy to breed a large clutch of eggs.
Females deliver a single calf after a gestation period lasting about a year.
Females deliver bee-size young after only twelve and a half days of gestation.
Females deliver the bulk of the nesting material that is added during brooding.
Females den to give birth.
Females deposit a row of six or more eggs per hair.
Females deposit adhesive eggs over filamentous algae and submerged weed beds.
Females deposit an egg a day during their life.
Females deposit bottle-shaped eggs in the fall on twigs and other surfaces which overwinter.
