Mere life is interesting enough.
Mere lighting is a mitzva.
Mere love demands no less.
Mere manners are the message.
Mere mortals are excited to be around a bombshell.
Mere mortals can get some distance off the ground.
Mere mortals can race against Olympic champions.
Mere mortals have no chance.
Mere mortals have to come up with some other way.
Mere mortals seem to have a much harder time with the concept.
Mere mortals shake their heads.
Mere negation means final extinction.
Mere observation is morally insufficient.
Mere opinions are completely unsupported b.
Mere ownership is insufficient as grounds for immediate return.
Mere perfection is beside the point.
Mere philosophy starts with doubts and ends with arid speculation.
Mere possession can get a person incarcerated.
Mere possession is too wide a concept.
Mere presumption is obviously quite a different thing.
Mere proximity means nothing.
Mere quantity is insufficient.
Mere reflection is dull thought without passion and without commitment.
Mere religion leads but to dogma and blind ritual.
Mere seconds pass and again the roar builds.
Mere silence is insufficient.
Mere size carries less weight.
Mere size is a waste of money and human endeavor.
Mere speculation is insufficient to establish a clear legal right to relief.
Mere speculation regarding the medical services required in the future is insufficient.
Mere stature has much effect and the little boy stage seemed very far away.
Mere substitution leads to a less informative formula, an equation of state.
Mere survival is a considerable accomplishment.
Mere survival is an affliction.
Mere suspicion is enough to kill.
Mere suspicion is insufficient to establish probable cause.
Mere suspicion suffices.
Mere talk is too easy.
Mere technique is meaningless.
Mere theory is fruitless.
Mere thoughts change the patterns cast by shadows and the humidity in the air.
Mere understanding is death to a non-verbal person.
Mere vapor gives a small dose.
Mere verbalization has limited power for change.
Mere weariness is mere weakness.
Mere words are inadequate to express our empathy.
Mere words are meaningless.
Mere words are useless.
Mere words can scarcely convey the agony through which the inhabitants of that world passed.
Mere words mean nothing.
Mere words move mountains and melt hearts.
Mererani town is full of young men.
A merganser is a sea duck
Mergansers also eat aquatic insects.
Mergansers are fish-eating birds that often fly in a straight line.
Mergansers are primarily fish eaters.
Mergansers are sea ducks.
Mergansers are the only sea duck species that forage nearly entirely on fish.
Mergansers belong to a special group called fish ducks .
Mergansers dive out of our path.
Mergansers have a long bill with serrated edges and a hooked point, adapted for grabbing fish.
Mergansers have narrower bills and a crest.
Mergansers prefer open water.
Mergansers prefer to nest on small inlands.
Mergansers often have more chicks than a loon.
All mergansers have slender elongated serrated bills tipped with a hooked nail.
All mergansers show spike-like, hooked, serrated bills used for catching fish.
Merge sort has better cache performance for reasonable cache line sizes.
Merged cell is a single cell that is created by combining two or more adjacent cells.
Merged cells are a slightly tougher nut to crack because they also merge vertically.
More merged establishments declare a below-average financial performance.
Merged facets produces a significantly better approximation.
Merged families total four married children and one grandchild, all of whom live much too far away.
Merged firms are typically rather complex organisations.
Most merged firms take six or eight months to make such key decisions.
Merged images are shown.
Merged institutions can have very different structures and long term goals.
Merged keystrokes provide greater memory efficiency.
Merged references give a more compact result, that is often easier to interpret for the beginner.
Merged rooms have advantages compared to the same number of unmerged rooms.
Merged utilities are under pressure to increase value for their shareholders.
Merger control is based on an obligatory preliminiary authorization system.
Merger integration is well advanced and on plan.
Merger mania brings publishers into information megacorporations.
Merger mania goes global.
Merger mania is at an all-time peak.
Merger mania proliferates.
Merger mania puts together strange bedfellows in international high finance.
Merger mania tends to occur in waves.
Merger simulations are extremely useful because of their predictive power.
A merger is integration
Merger also means a brighter future for our children.
Merger becomes law.
Merger can be profitable.
Merger causes sizeable incr.
Merger clauses preclude consideration of extrinsic evidence to ascertain intent.
Merger creates new chaplain association.
Merger fall out A flurry of mergers and acquisitions also contributed to the turnover.
Merger forms No.
Merger is accomplished through cross- referencing.
Merger is an independent unit controlled by a photoelectric sensor.
Merger is an issue everyone is debating.
Merger is at the end of the continuum where institutional autonomy is most compromised.
Merger is in the best long-term interests of each child.
Merger is law now.
Merger is possible only between companies having the same legal form.
Merger is said to provide companies, consumers with wider range of services at greater convenience.
Merger is the next logical step.
Merger is the other choice for companies looking to attain growth.
Merger means that two or more programs are combined into a single, unified program.
Merger opens doors to future growth New Jersey agencies look beyond past successes.
Merger plan to be submitted to shareholders, procedure.
Merger Provides support for merging of virtual data objects.
Merger raises Net privacy flags .
Merger steps within a 'walking frame' that acts as a remote control for the chip.
Merger talks almost always start out as casual feelers, a testing of the waters.
Merger understands how to get the word out.
Mergers affect organizational culture.
Mergers also beget more mergers.
Mergers also can expand a customer base when two complementary companies join.
Mergers also can involve parent corporations and their subsidiaries.
Mergers appear to be more about creating new strengths than dealing with old weaknesses.
Mergers are a funny thing.
Mergers are a possibility.
Mergers are almost always a bad idea because they undermine diversity and stifle creative energies.
Mergers are also a fact of life.
Mergers are common because the universe is crowded, at least on the galactic distance scale.
Mergers are commonplace.
Mergers are complicated, in part due to overlapping tax systems.
Mergers are expensive and time-consuming, too.
Mergers are frequent and ongoing, from the smallest to the largest industry players.
Mergers are in progress.
Mergers are in the news as much as ever.
Mergers are inevitable, given the evolutionary pace of storage technology.
Mergers are most likely to begin in New Mexico and Montana.
Mergers are never business as usual.
Mergers are never easy.
Mergers are now a thing of the past.
Mergers are often a way to get rid of companies.
Mergers are really just a special case of growth.
Mergers are sometimes a necessary evil.
Mergers are the order of the day.
Mergers are to blame for some of the shabby earnings performances.
Mergers born out of defensive reasons are unlikely to fare well.
Mergers can also run into regulatory problems.
Mergers can be an effective way to improve business prospects and stimulate the economy.
Mergers can be mysterious.
Mergers can be tricky business.
Mergers can help buoy stock prices.
Mergers can help diversify such risks.
Mergers can mean promotions and expanded job responsibilities.
Mergers can result in significant changes to morphology, as compared to the original galaxies.
Mergers can take anywhere from a few hundred million to a few billion years to complete.
Mergers cause mass confusion on a corporate scale.
Mergers cause prices to rise even higher as competition decreases.
Mergers certainly drive some present-day morphological evolution.
Mergers change the rules totally.
Mergers create efficiencies by shaving management, processing and insurance costs.
Mergers create opportunities for fundamental engineering.
Mergers do have a role to play in revving up the industry.
Mergers eliminate competition, giving big banks the freedom to raise fees.
Mergers fall apart when the company focuses internally at the expense of the customer.
Mergers get some blame Mergers are partly to blame, say consumer advocates.
Mergers go on the whole time in business.
Mergers gradually reduce the number of players and removes excess capital from the system.
Mergers have a place, but frequently partnering is the better way.
Mergers have a positive effect on shareholder value and consumer service.
Mergers have sharply consolidated supermarket ownership in recent years.
Mergers Involve the combination of separately owned retail firms.
Mergers involving Internet companies are likely to be no different.
Mergers involving publicly traded firms often have the primary goal of reducing overhead.
Mergers make glitzy headlines.
Mergers mean a decrease in inferior cigars.
Mergers mean customer service slowdowns, at least in the short term.
Mergers mean job cuts.
Mergers mean that the companies can freely share information about their customers.
Mergers occur to gain cost efficiencies or market power.
Mergers occur when a landlord combines two or more units into one larger unit.
Mergers occur when a subject appears to have something growing around it in the background.
Mergers present a different consideration.
Mergers present an analogous, if somewhat closer, question.
Mergers raise many complex issues.
Mergers reduce competition, making price increases possible.
Mergers reflect basic forces that have been good for consumers.
Mergers seem to work.
Mergers sputter instead of soar.
Mergers start out as collisions.
Mergers take place for many reasons.
Mergers take place.
Mergers take time.
Mergers tend to reduce competition, increase prices and lower output.
Mergers always loom on the horizon with the prospect of confusion and layoffs.
Mergers often lead to more visible forms of pain for employees, such as layoffs and plant closings.
All mergers require regulatory approval and are subject to intense examination by regulators.
Any merger can also be inclusive of a buyout option structured to benefit all parties concerned.
Any merger is a difficult process and emotions are going to be there no matter what.
Any merger is always a takeover.
Every merger is another major layoff, but the parachutes are very few.
Many mergers fail because of poor integration.
More mergers mean more regulatory activity and antitrust litigation.
Most mergers are efficient and create social benefits.
Most mergers are in the outskirts of the cluster.
Most mergers fail because both sides forgot they had a business plan.
Most mergers involve gas being compressed, which triggers intense star formation.
Most mergers work out badly.
Some mergers also entail a purge of middle-management positions.
Some mergers are mutual mergers and corporate spin offs.
Some mergers are simply alternatives to bankruptcy.
Some mergers do result in layoffs.
Some mergers get into trouble because of cultural incompatibility.
Some mergers work.
Meridian activation can be the key to helping local treatments last.
Meridian files combine the flexibility of a modular component with high-performance durability.
Meridian fund offers above-average returns with low risk.
Meridian lines are necessary for plotting and triangulating on the map.
Meridian location is included if it is needed to locate the dam.
Meridian programs are free of charge from setup through implementation.
Meridian soils are of moderate extent.
Meridian therapy includes, among other things, acupuncture.
Meridian Township is currently at the center of controversy over land use issues.
A meridian is a great circle
Meridians are also loci of strip like magnetic fluxes ortogonal to the skin.
Meridians are equidistant.
Meridians are great circles that pass through the poles.
Meridians are great circles.
Meridians are imaginary circles that run through both poles.
Meridians are important for setting time zones.
Meridians are like rivers flowing through the body to nourish tissues.
Meridians are like rivers of energy that all connect throughout the body.
Meridians are perpendicular to every latitude.
Meridians are separatrices.
Meridians are the farthest apart at the equator.
Meridians are the main lines of longitude on maps.
Meridians are the main trunks of the body and run longitudinally within the body.
Meridians are the pathways where bioelectons move more frequently than other parts of the body.
Meridians are the pathways where bioelectrons move more frequently than any other part of the body.
Meridians are true north base lines.
Meridians basically reflect the clinical status of a patient.
Meridians converge at the poles.
Meridians exist at every level of the body.
Meridians express degrees of longitude , or how far a place is away from the prime meridian.
Meridians function something like rivers made of energy.
Meridians run north to south from pole to pole.
All meridian based therapies are gentle, rapid and startlingly effective.
All meridians are halves of great circles.
All meridians are of equal length.
All meridians meet and form a point at the poles.
All meridians start or finish in the head, chest, hands or feet.
Any meridians passing through the United States are degrees of West longitude.
Many meridians travel through the neck within a small area.
Most meridians bear the name of the organ related to it.
Some meridians run east and west.
Meridional advection dominates in both the mean and eddy advection.
Meridional curvature is local surface curvature measured in meridional planes .
Meridional diffusion appears to be important in the seasonal heating.
Meridional planes contain the view axis.
A meringue is a topping
Meringue is an old-fashioned flourish that impresses with minimal effort.
Meringue is made from beaten egg whites where sugar is added during the process.
Meringue isa decoration.
Meringue isa ornament.
Meringues are delicate, but can be handled if done carefully.
Meringues are dessert.
Meringues are food.
Meringues are topping.
Meringues have (part) sections.
Meringues have crisp crust.
Meringues have crust.
Most meringues have crust.
A merino sheep is sheep
Merino sheep have an intermediate occurance of copper toxicity.
Merino sheep produce fine wool suitable for use in apparel.
Merino sheep produce very fine wool.
Merino wool has a much finer fiber diameter, which makes it itch-free.
Merino wool has a natural stretchiness so the leggings can be reasonable loose fitting or tight.
Merino wool has a softness unmatched by other wools.
Merino wool is a very fine and quality wool that actually helps to regulate body temperature.
Merino wool socks for sports, dress, and casual wear.
A meristem is plant tissue
Meristem isa plant part.
Meristems are areas within the tree where growth occurs.
Meristems are organised cellular structures capable of indeterminate growth.
Meristems are plant tissue.
Meristems are regions of active cell division in plants from which new primary growth arises.
Meristems are regions of embryonic tissue capable of growing into new plant parts.
Meristems are self-organising.
Meristems are tissue.
Meristems are zones of continuous cell division located at the tips of stems and roots in plants.
Meristems are zones of intense activity.
Meristems confer the capacity for indeterminate growth of the plant.
Meristems contribute to growth.
Meristems form xylem.
Meristems have (part) sections.
Meristems produce shoots.
Most meristems contribute to growth.
Most meristems produce shoots.
Some meristems develop into buds.
Some meristems grow into buds.
Some meristems grow into flower buds.
Some meristems have growth patterns.
Some meristems have indeterminate growth patterns.
Some meristems have indeterminate patterns.
Some meristems have patterns.
Meristematic activity can spread between the bundles so that the cambia become united.
Meristematic activity spreads laterally until the entire circumference of the organ is encompassed.
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities .
Meristematic cells are packed closely together without intercellular cavities.
Meristematic cells are undifferentiated and capable of repeated division.
Meristematic cells divide, growing into new plants.
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals.
Meristematic growth produces lateral blades along the stipe or on a terminal blade.
Meristematic tissue is located in the apical meristems at the growing points of roots and stems.
Meristematic tissues are sites of cellular activity and division.
Meristematic tissues give rise to the other tissue systems and are named for their location.
Meristematic tissues occur at the root and shoot tips giving growth in length.
All meristematic tissues are susceptible to infection.
Merit awards are also available to outstanding candidates.
Merit awards are available for students who have demonstrated special talents in various subjects.
Merit awards are subject to the availability of funds.
Merit awards are very competitive.
A merit badge is a badge
Merit badges are a part of Scouting for two reasons.
Merit badges are badges.
Merit badges expose scouts to many professions.
Many merit badges are hard to earn due to a lack of qualified counselors for that subject.
Many merit badges have a safety component.
Some merit badges require longer periods, and some can be covered in shorter time slots.
Merit goods are goods which have positive externalities.
Merit goods combine elements of both public and private goods.
Merit pay appears, spreads and then recedes like a tide.
Merit pay can have a negative impact on teamwork.
Merit pay is a current trend that rewards teachers who meet measurable goals in student progress.
Merit pay is a wage
Merit pay is destructive and counterproductive to academic life.
Merit pay is divisive.
Merit pay is easiest to do with a large pool of workers who do primarily the same thing.
Merit pay is just a extension of that.
Merit pay is still an issue.
Merit pay is the answer.
Merit pay is wages.
Merit scholarships are available for outstanding students.
Merit scholarships are available for qualified students.
Merit scholarships are available on a very limited basis.
Merit scholarships are available.
Merit scholarships are in short supply here.
Merit scholarships are only for exceptionally intelligent students.
Merit shop is a business way of life for both employees and employers.
Merit accumulated by family members is especially powerful and helpful.
Merit alone rules.
Merit are good yellow varieties.
Merit assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
Merit can be soil injected in the fall.
Merit can control feeding larvae.
Merit comes only when duty has been surpassed. . . .
Merit contributes to the scientific and technological advancement in all professions.
Merit determines who receives grants.
Merit evaluates quality as well as quantity of work.
Merit has numbers in Detroit and throughout Michigan .
Merit increases for staff employees are to be awarded on the basis of performance.
Merit increases in lower ranks draw less money from the available pool.
Merit is a male concept.
Merit is about the most competent applicant being selected for the work required.
Merit is but a fraction of the equation.
Merit is good at the close of life, and the elimination of all suffering is good.
Merit is like any other ideal.
Merit is more praiseworthy than birth and rank.
Merit is now the largest Internet service organization in Michigan.
Merit is often a small part of who gets hired or promoted.
Merit is only a part of who gets hired or promoted.
Merit is quality
Merit is to be assessed on the basis of teaching, scholarship, and service.
Merit marks the individual.
Merit offers dial-up connections free to students.
Merit pay for teachers and principals provides another approach.
Merit pay for teachers in schools meeting district standards.
Merit prepares now by storing sheets of plywood under the house.
Merit provodes a sheltering-place in the hereafter.
Merit raises and non-competitive promotion when eligibility criteria are met.
Merit recognizes performance while across the board recognizes market and cost of living pressures.
Merit refers to salary differentials between faculty due to performance based measures.
Merit remains individualistic.
Merit works well as a foliar spray.
Merit works well on sucking insects.
Merits are available upon requests.
Merits are chores that the pledges have to do for the member.
Merits are on hold until contract negotiations are completed.
Merits are positive and cost certain amounts that are listed next to the merit.
Merits review Many departmental decisions are reviewable on their merits.
Merit always counts.
Any merit thus belongs to all.
Some merit based scholarships require a separate application form.
A meritocracy is a social system
Meritocracies are elitest institutions, after all, though laudable ones.
Meritocracies are elitist institutions, after all, though laudable ones.
Meritocracies are social organizations.
Meritocracy becomes a problem of aristocracy as soon as wealth becomes inheritance.
Meritocracy demands unprejudiced assessment.
Meritocracy is defined as a system in which advancement is based on achievement or ability.
Meritocracy is merely an ideology by which the elite seek to preserve their privileged status.
Meritocracy is what counts here and they fit into that model.
Meritocracy pervades the valley.
All meritocracies serve social ends.
Meritocratic arguments translate well to the business sector.
Some meritorious cases are good candidates for the agency's voluntary mediation program.
Meritorious energy is the best friend and true protector of all beings.
Meritorious performance is a perceived quality.
Meritorious performance is identified as satisfactory or better performance.
Meritorious performance is that which is identified as outstanding or exceeding expectations.
Meritorious promotions are possible.
A merle is a thrush
Merles characteristically become darker with increasing age.
Merles come from Harlequin breedings.
Merles tend to become darker with age.
Merled eyes occur, as well, where one color is mixed in and swirled with another.
A merlin is a falcon
Merlin can search an area the size of the UK mainland in four hours.
Merlin exemplifies true heroism and is ideal reading for the values the stories maintain.
Merlin is about a boy named Merlin who has dreams about what's going to happen in the future.
Merlin is about five and one half inches long.
Merlin is completely housebroken and has lovely manners.
Merlin is five inches wide.
Merlin is just one of many characters that are available.
Merlin is much smaller, has a less-distinct mustache mark, and a more strongly barred tail.
Merlin is mystical, thematically rich, and orchestrally huge in parts.
Merlin is seen sitting in a tree overlooking the river.
MerLIN replaces contact hours with the benchmarking of our message log.
Merlin shows a gray-haired wizard with a latern searching in the forest.
Merlins appear uniformly dark.
Merlins are birds.
Merlins are fictional characters.
Merlins are just too snappy.
Merlins are little known falcons of the upper Midwest, portions of the west coast, and Canada.
Merlins are magicians.
Merlins are proteins.
Merlins are software.
Merlins are the smallest European birds of prey.
Merlins are usually solitary hunters, but two have been observed hunting together.
Merlins are widely, though sparsely, distributed throughout their range.
Merlins breed in boreal forests throughout Canada, Alaska, and the Western United States.
Merlins breed in open woodlands and savannahs, sometimes in cities.
Merlins catch flying prey in mid-air, and eat it sitting on a perch.
Merlins feed on small birds, insects and small mammals.
Merlins have only a faint whisker mark.
Merlins lack the heavy mustache mark present in many other falcons.
Merlins live across North America and Eurasia, inhabiting moorland, grassland and marshes.
Merlins look like miniature peregrines, with males blue-gray above and banded black on the tail.
Merlins prey mainly on birds, but also take small mammals and insects.
Merlins take prey by hitting it with open feet.
Merlins use tree cavities and old stick nests of other birds for their breeding activities.
A merlon is a rampart
Merlons are the solid parts of a crenellated parapet.
A mermaid is imagination
Mermaids appear in the oldest legends of some of the world's most ancient cultures.
Mermaids appear on Phoenician and Corinthian coins.
Mermaids are a symbol of intuitive female wisdom, connection and sexual wholeness.
Mermaids are also mythological creatures.
Mermaids are catch and release in Lake Michigan.
Mermaids are creatures of legends.
Mermaids are creatures.
Mermaids are female animals.
Mermaids are kind and loving.
Mermaids are located in sea.
Mermaids are one of the strongest and widespread ocean myths, and certainly one of the most beloved.
Mermaids are supposed to be a species of fish.
Mermaids are the official symbol of Norfolk - Virginia.
Mermaids are topless, the female form is the most wonderful thing to behold.
Mermaids are very well known in Scotland.
Mermaids can also be a sign of bad weather.
Mermaids can predict the weather and sometimes warn humans of storms.
Mermaids come in all sizes.
Mermaids continue to delight customers, as do fairies and angels.
Mermaids dance to the song of the sea through long watery corridors over the pebbled courtyard.
Mermaids dont have babies.
Mermaids give birth like humans do.
Mermaids have beautiful singing voices and love to entertain and fascinate the mermen.
Mermaids is a good movie that deserves a better disc.
Mermaids is a supernatural story of the legendary mermaids but with an erotic twist.
Mermaids is just about the best place to eat in Ocean Beach.
Mermaids reproduce the same way as fish do.
Mermaids wants to increase awareness of gender identity problems among professionals.
Mermaids usually sing from atop a coral reef or asteroid, with predictable results.
Most mermaids are very sexual.
Some mermaids do have holes similer to other fish, same with mermen.
Mermill soils are on lake plains, and less commonly on till plains of late Wisconsin age.
Meroblastic cleavage occurs more in macrolecithal eggs.
Meroblastic segmentation is the incomplete method as in fowls and most fishes.
Meroitic history is filled with powerful Queen mothers.
Meromictic lakes are deep narrow lakes whose bottom waters never mix with waters above.
Meromictic lakes are lakes that never mix completely at any time of the year.
Meromictic lakes can have temperature inversions.
Merozoite formation takes place within the schizonts.
Merozoite invasion is a complex and ordered process.
A merozoite is a sporozoan
Merozoites are elongate, crescent-shaped, and contain a single, prominent, basophilic nucleus.
Merozoites burst from the host cell and infect more host cells.
Merozoites enter either new hepatic cells or RBCs.
Merozoites entering muscle cells round up to form metrocytes and initiate sarcocyst formation.
Merozoites infect rbc, divide rapidly, lyse the infected rbc and release many more merozoites.
Merozoites infect red blood cells .
Merozoites invade red blood cells and continue to reproduce asexually.
Merozoites invade the blood stream and infect the erythrocytes.
Merozoites mature and burst the cell, releasing metabolic wastes.
Merozoites penetrate new cells and undergo merogony to form additional meronts.
Some merozoites behave as gametes.
Some merozoites can divide asexually to produce haploid cells, called gametocytes.
Some merozoites develop into macrogametocyte and microgametocyte.
Merriment is similarly savage and childlike.
All merry folk arise and sing To greet the dawning year.
Mertz rooms have large windows and are recently furnished and carpeted.
Mertz soils contain chert fragments.
Mertz soils have angular rock fragments of chert and sandstone.
Mertz soils occupy the gently sloping to steep upper and middle parts of chert ridges.
Mes parents aussi.
Mes parents ont donc d cid de m'emmener chez le docteur.
Mes parents sont anglais.
Mes parents travaillent dans ce bureau.
Mesa County has many types of data that have been built and purchased in the last couple of years.
Mesa County is located in western Colorado.
Mesa County offers no exception to the incidence of non-biological relatives endangering children.
A mesa is a plateau
Mesa takes horsepower, setup, and driving to be fast.
Mesangial deposits are also present.
Mesangial interposition is seen in some glomerular lobules.
Mescaline acts similarly to other psychedelic agents.
Mescaline comes from a cactus called peyote.
Mescaline comes from the peyote plant which is in no way related to the agave.
Mescaline is a psychoactive drug
Mescaline is drugs.
Mescaline is hallucinogens.
Mescaline runs throu the veins.
Mese people know what the problem is, and they have the clout to do something about it.
Mesenchymal cells are stellate cells that are embedded in a semifluid intercellular substance.
Mesenchymal cells condense to somitomeres .
Mesenchymal cells form around the ossified portion of the membrane and form a periosteum.
Mesenchymal cells have a less rigid shape and are more likely to be motile.
Some mesenchymal cells differentiate to myocytes and fibroblasts.
Mesenchymal tumors comprise leiomyomas, fibromas, myxomas or their malignant counterparts.
Mesenterial filaments make a clean sweep of substrates for coral growth.
A mesentery is animal tissue
Mesenteries allow blood vessels and nerves to reach the organs they suspend.
All mesh fabric makes it easy for the horse to breathe.
Mesh is a linear measure
Mesh is catchs.
Mesh is part of inchs.
Meshes also have some disadvantages.
Meshes are a step beyond neural networks.
Meshes are poor at modeling hair, feathers, clouds, and other soft looking objects.
Meshes find use in computer graphics, geographic information systems, and finite element methods.
Meshes require a high degree of intelligence that makes interoperation of networks very difficult.
All meshes shown are available in carbon steel.
Some meshes use large scale models.
Mesic forest is dominated by Ohio buckeye, green ash, tulip poplar, and sugar maple.
Mesic plants require moisture.
Mesic prairies require more frequent burning than dry prairies.
Mesic soil is exellent for farming.
Mesic woodlands are a habitat where box turtles are generally found.
Mesmerized children hang on every crack and shudder of the multicolored ovoid.
Any meso compound is acceptable.
Mesoamerican astrology is impoverished by comparison.
Mesoderm formation is crucial event that takes place during early embryogenesis.
Mesoderm isa tissue.
Mesoderms form layers.
Mesoderms form middle layers.
Mesoderms have (part) corpi.
Mesoderms have muscles.
Most mesoderms form middle layers.
Most mesoderms have muscles.
Some mesoderm is present, and some meso- dermal organs, such as a kidney, are formed.
Mesodermal tissue is represented by bone and cartilage.
Mesoionic compounds are a subclass of betaines .
Much Mesolithic art shows greater interest in human activities.
A mesomorph is a person
Mesomorphs are muscular and athletic.
Mesomorphs are people.
Mesomorphs are the middle ground group that appear to have the most malleable bodies.
Mesomorphs go pear-shaped.
Mesomorphs have a husky, muscular build.
Mesomorphs lose fat and gain muscle with ease.
A meson is a boson
A meson is a hadron
Mesons also are bosons.
Mesons are a family of composite particles which are made of one quark and one antiquark .
Mesons are a family of composite particles which are made of one quark and one antiquark.
Mesons are bosons.
Mesons are combinations of two quarks .
Mesons are essentially a quark and an antiquark, bound transiently by the strong interaction field.
Mesons are hadrons , which simply means that they are made of quarks .
Mesons are hadrons, which simply means that they are made of quarks.
Mesons are hadrons.
Mesons are quark-antiquark pairs.
Mesons are short lived, see Table above.
Mesons are subatomic particles composed of one quark and one antiquark.
Mesons are unstable and break up almost immediately.
Mesons consist of a coloured quark plus and antiquark with the corresponding anticolour.
Mesons tend to be quark-antiquark pairs with very short lifetimes.
All mesons are unstable, with the longest-lived lasting for only a few hundredths of a microsecond.
All mesons are unstable.
Mesophytes are common land plants which grow in situations that are neither too wet nor too dry.
Mesophytes are land plants that grow under normal conditions.
Mesophytes are of two types, sun plants and shade plants .
Mesophytes are plants that grow under well-balanced moisture supplies.
Mesophytes are the most common type of plant so there are endless numbers.
Mesophytes are very intermediate in water use and needs.
Mesophytes generally require a more or less continuous water supply.
Mesophytes grow in environments where it is neither too dry nor too moist.
Mesophytes have medium available water because they are found in moist soils and climates.
Mesophytes make up the largest ecological group of terrestrial plants.
Most Mesopotamian artifacts are in museums and collections around the world.
Mesopotamian ear rings in form of concentric circles.
Mesoscale flows are substantially ageostrophic and nonhydrostatic and definitely three-dimensional.
Mesoscale perturbations create atmospheric dynamical processes that can be extremely important.
Mesoscale precipitation is one area of study for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Mesoscale studies are important components of the large-scale comparisons described above.
Mesoscopic physics continues to show great promise for potential devices and new physics.
Mesoscopic physics helps explain how.
Mesoscopic physics holds many surprises.
Mesosphere isa region.
Some mesospheres are part of skies.
Some mesospheres are part of worlds.
A mesothelioma is carcinoma
Mesotheliomas are rare.
Mesotheliomas are serious and potentially life-threatening.
A mesothelium is epithelial tissue
Mesothelium is derived from mesoderm.
Mesotrophic lakes are between the other two trophic states in their characteristics.
Mesotrophic lakes are in between oligo and eutrophic lakes.
Most mesotrophic lakes have some form of broadleaf weeds such as curlyleaf cabbage and pondweed.
Mesozoic basins exist all along the eastern margin of North America.
Mesozoic invertebrates are also well represented from Central America, North America, and Europe.
Mesozoic rocks are dominantly carbonates with shales.
Mesozoic rocks contain more mobile types, such as crabs, snails and fish.
Mespun soils are on alluvial fans, fan remnants, fan piedmonts, cuestas, hillslopes and plateaus.
Mesquite bush is abundant here.
Mesquite trees are often subject to chemical eradication programs rather than used constructively.
Mesquite trees grow in the southwestern United States.
Mesquite trees line the pool complex.
A mesquite is a bush
Mesquite broiled steaks certainly did hit the spot.
Mesquite burns very hot and at a high cooking temperature.
Mesquite grows long roots that reach far down to underground water.
Mesquite imparts a great flavor and just plain smells nice.
Mesquite offers solutions to the world.
Mesquite works well with all red meats.
Mesquites are abundant throughout all the southwestern deserts.
Mesquites are an invasive species.
Mesquites are shrubs.
Mesquites provide excellent habitat for birds and other wildlife.
Mess food is horrible but tolerable.
Some mess halls have tables.
A mess is disorder
Mess Comes from the Latin word 'mensa' meaning a table or the Gothic 'mesa' meaning a dish of food.
Mess cooks on liberty in Seattle, Washington.
Mess creates stress and neatness saves time.
Mess includes toys, spills, food, mud, and litter.
Mess isa condition.
Messes are caused by individuals.
Messes are dining rooms.
Messes are easier to clean when they're fresh, and are less likely to leave a permanent stain.
Messes are located in apartments.
Messes are located in closets.
Messes are located in desks.
Messes are located in tables.
Messes are meals.
Messes are situations of disorder, conflict and incompletion.
Messes can include finances, relationships, physical well-being, agreements and legal contracts.
Messes ports up and gets slow conection every other time.
Messes unite, and each carries an article that can be used in common.
Most messes are caused by individuals.
Message board includes general discussion of methods, personal routines, and products.
Message board is also available on the site.
Message board is also avairable.
Message board is available for general questions and answers.
Message board is checked twice a week .
Message board is moderated.
Message board is up.
Message board link below.
Message board regulars can come and go.
Message boards add interactivity to a web site.
Message boards allow a forum for voters to discuss issues.
Message boards allow analysts and members to interact.
Message boards allow members to communicate with each other in ongoing, in-depth discussions.
Message boards allow news to travel immediately.
Message boards allow users to communicate with each other in ongoing, in-depth discussions.
Message Boards allow users to communicate with each other in ongoing, in-depth discussions.
Message boards allow users to consult one another as well.
Message Boards allow users to post messages and check back periodically for responses.
Message Boards allow viewers to talk with each other.
Message boards allow visitors to ask questions.
Message boards are a dynamic entity.
Message boards are a good way to get help as well as help others.
Message boards are a good way to network with others on a specific topic.
Message boards are a great source of first-hand information.
Message boards are a mainstay of the online world.
Message boards are a means for people to express different opinions and ideas.
Message boards are a prominent feature.
Message boards are a very different beast.
Message boards are a wonderful form of online communication.
Message boards are also available.
Message boards are also popular and they have several advantages over mailing lists.
Message boards are also simple to install.
Message boards are an important tool in promoting communication between users of a web site.
Message boards are another hot cyber-spot.
Message boards are another way to pull in viewers.
Message boards are archival entities that provide several options to participants.
Message boards are areas where users can post questions, opinions and help for other users to read.
Message Boards are available for anyone who wishes to share their viewpoint.
Message Boards are available for exchanging ideas.
Message boards are available for good Christian dialogue.
Message boards are available which allow invitees to post messages.
Message boards are currently down.
Message boards are electronic message centers.
Message boards are fairly active and lively.
Message boards are for the exchange of general medical and resource issues only.
Message Boards are for use by seniors and caregivers.
Message Boards are free.
Message boards are frequently inactive.
Message boards are fun and easy to use.
Message boards are fun.
Message boards are great for pages where discussions are frequent.
Message boards are in English and Spanish.
Message boards are in place to alert drivers to the coming construction.
Message Boards are inexpensive .
Message boards are like small towns, with their own customs, ethos, and community standards.
Message boards are more fun when there's stuff to read.
Message boards are now ready.
Message boards are now searchable.
Message boards are on the way.
Message boards are one of the great vehicles for group communication.
Message boards are particularly a good place to find free or inexpensive software products.
Message Boards are places where people gather to discuss a common interest.
Message boards are quite active too.
Message boards are similar to newsgroups, but much easier to maintain.
Message boards are so much fun.
Message boards are very limited tools of persuasion.
Message boards are very popular and are a good way to share ideas.
Message boards are Web pages which collect and group messages about a given topic.
Message Boards Ask a question.
Message Boards Ask questions and comment about Palm related issues.
Message Boards Ask questions and comment about related issues.
Message Boards Ask questions, check for the latest announcements.
Message Boards Ask questions, share insights and info.
Message boards can be either open to public viewing, or quite private in nature.
Message boards can be password restricted to subscribing members too.
Message Boards can be secure .
Message boards can be very useful.
Message boards can cut across the bounds of time and space.
Message boards can get very crowded.
Message boards can handle very large numbers of messages.
Message Boards Communicate with other RHPS fans from around the globe.
Message boards exchange advice and experiences.
Message Boards Find a place to share with like-minded homeschoolers.
Message Boards Find out what people are talking about on our message boards .
Message Boards Get Everything in Writing - Learn from the mistakes made by one entrepreneur.
Message Boards Get in on the fun.
Message Boards Get tech help and sound off on our boards.
Message Boards Get the inside scoop on where others are going.
Message Boards Get tips and advice from over thousands of crafters worldwide.
Message boards have a life of their own, like any other community of living, intelligent beings.
Message boards have their fingers on the pulse of the masses.
Message Boards have two types of keyword searches.
Message Boards Hit the message boards and get wired to the scene.
Message Boards Join a hosted chat event, and browse our support message board.
Message Boards Join our online community in our very own message boards .
Message Boards Join the dialogue with race fans.
Message Boards Join the discussion and see what other parents have to say.
Message boards Leave messages for friends.
Message boards Look through our message boards and see what everyone else is talking about.
Message boards move stocks.
Message boards operate like electronic bulletin boards.
Message Boards provide a forum for discusssion on topics.
Message boards provide a forum to ask or answer questions on several topics.
Message boards provide readers a way to get help and advice from others.
Message boards represent a revolution in the way information can spread to investors.
Message Boards send e-mail .
Message boards sport solid, serious postings.
Message Boards Stay on top of the latest software.
Message Boards Talk about career . . . . . . . . .
Message Boards Talk about pregnancy in family . . . . . . . . .
Message Boards Talk about pregnancy in family Stress Quiz . . . . . . . . .
Message Boards Talk about shopping in down time .
Message Boards Talk about shopping in down time More Cars . . . . . . . . .
Message boards Talk history in the re-launched History message board.
Message boards vary in design but they all operate in basically the same way.
Message boards work similarly to newsgroups.
All Message Boards See all discussion forums.
Many message boards are uncensored.
Many message boards require registration.
More Message Boards Send Boards via e-mail, no downloads.
Most message boards serve specific interest groups.
Most message boards use the threaded discussion format.
Some message boards are more focused than others.
Some message boards host lively discussions.
Message box contains an OK pushbutton.
Message box is at the bottom.
Message box is system modal.
Message boxes expand to take advantage of larger monitors now.
Message brokers add routing intelligence and reformatting capabilities to the transport mechanism.
Message brokers are servers that broker messages between two or more source or target applications.
Message brokers are the right approach to application integration.
Message brokers build on top of existing middleware technology, most often on messaging middleware.
Message brokers can also join many applications using common rules and routing engines.
Message brokers offer five key benefits.
Most message brokers support some sort of asynchronous transport layer, either proprietary or open.
Message centers serve as a central point for receiving and distributing message-type information.
Many message centers pull double duty by monitoring alarm systems.
Message consumers use content-based subscriptions to request delivery of structured messages.
Message digests provide integrity.
Every message digest is unique and in no way reveals anything about the message contents.
Message indicator reminds that messages are waiting to be played.
Message integrity is ensured by attaching a message signature to a message.
Message integrity is important.
Message integrity is kept in check.
Message machine is secure.
Message queues are queues.
Message queues are relatively simple to use.
Message queues behave like mail boxes.
Message queues ensure that all user requests are processed in a timely manner.
Message sticks vary considerably throughout Australia.
Message theory is 'designer psychology'.
Message theory is testable science.
Message theory says that such presumptions are mistaken.
A message is communication
Message also gives an emergency number.
Message appears only when thrown.
Message appears stating reduction record cancelled.
Message appears upon slate.
Message appears when key transfer is finished.
Message appears when trying to read from or write to a file.
Message are a type of event received as a communication from another source.
Message are location.
Message Be concise.
Message becomes clear.
Message becomes crystal-clear.
Message begins .
Message Brings up the new message window.
Message can be larger than message window.
Message can read sweet treats, goodies, or personalized.
Message Changing fitness levels in middle age can affect the risk of dying.
Message comes back undeliverable.
Message comes blank.
Message contains multiple parts.
Message contains shortcut to the work item.
Message Create a message to appear when the viewer moves the mouse over a link button.
Message Create a message to the selected address.
Message Deleted e-mail is anything but private.
Message detect with command or immediate reporting and full duplex.
Message disables instance selection.
Message disappears from the screen.
Message Eating fruit and vegetables reduces the risk of ischaemic stroke in men and women.
Message enables instance selection.
Message encoding times are just noise.
Message ends with a look at proper biblical goals for parents.
Message filtering for the individual becomes much easier.
Message filtering in Outlook is done by setting up rules .
Message forwarding command is added.
Message generally travels chemically as hormones in the circulation.
Message Get the size of the message in bytes.
Message Get the value of the bcc field.
Message Get the value of the cc field.
Message Get the value of the from field.
Message Get the value of the reply-to field.
Message Get the value of the sender field.
Message Get the value of the to field.
Message Give it a rest.
Message goes here.
Message goes next, leave space at end of sentence.
Message has been moved, please wait.
Message has to be re-evaluated.
Message has to be simple.
Message Holds the string message to display.
Message Identifies a draft message.
Message is a definite construction in a definite language.
Message is a little different, has a to pointer and a from pointer and a namespace pointer.
Message is a required argument while default and title are optional.
Message is a required entry.
Message is a string containing the human readable translation of the message.
Message is a string that is returned to the application to indicate what went wrong.
Message is addressed to an object.
Message is always for the good of the whole.
Message is broken to all clients.
Message is centered unless an alternate logo is supplied.
Message is changed daily.
Message is changed weekly.
Message is clear.
Message is continuous until vehicle is shifted out of reverse.
Message is delivered in hours or days.
Message is delivered in seconds or minutes.
Message is displayed when key transfer is finished.
Message is drawn on the bottom, ie , message board.
Message is embroidered for maximum durability.
Message is enhanced by musical performance by a guest soloist.
Message is everything here, and evidence to the contrary be damned.
Message is forwarded.
Message is friendlier.
Message is hard to understand.
Message is listed with the name of the sender.
Message is marked by outrageous claims of superiority.
Message is mixed.
Message is new and unread.
Message is no longer available.
Message is obsolete after.
Message is optional.
Message is parsed and displayed with the provided buttons.
Message is phone number to call back.
Message is played back.
Message is printed in braille and text.
Message is removed.
Message is repeated below.
Message is responded to.
Message is result of a query.
Message is retained by patient.
Message is Sent and Received though large group.
Message is sent to log Since archive was chosen, the Palm record is deleted.
Message is sent to log.
Message is sent to the log.
Message is signed.
Message is specified as a printf style format string and arguments.
Message is terminated by the line that contains a single dot '.'.
Message is that there's no end to their uses.
Message is the information that the sender wants to transmit.
Message Is there a magazine out there that is dedicated to road machines.
Message is undeliverable.
Message is understood by patient.
Message is understood.
Message is valid as if written, when.
Message is where the body of the piece is.
Message is, remain invested either in stocks or in goods.
Message isa entity.
Message Looks like a funny romance movie.
Message never conflicts with one's personal ethics.
Message objects model electronic messages between users of a collaborative system.
Message objects represent individual messages in a folder.
Message occurs when trying to access a link.
Message -Palatino small caps.
Message passing always imposes high latency to the application's execution.
Message passing between processors is achieved by using a communication protocol.
Message Passing Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Message passing is a paradigm used widely on certain classes of parallel computers.
Message passing is a programming paradigm used to develop distributed applications.
Message passing is appropriate to applications that are highly sensitive to latency.
Message passing is extremely powerful.
Message passing is mainly between nearest neighbours, in calculating y-derivatives.
Message passing is one of the major benefits of the object oriented approach.
Message passing is provably sufficient for anything computable.
Message passing is represented by edges through the interior of the tunnel.
Message passing is required to update the solution at the subdivided region interfaces.
Message passing is the fundamental way in which objects interact.
Message passing is the technique used for communication between processes in parallel programs.
Message passing is used to exchange data between nodes.
Message passing libraries are available for most modern programming languages.
Message Passing One process sends a message to another.
Message passing parallelization is still a manual process.
Message passing provides a software bus by which one process can request a service from another.
Message passing provides the strict interface between objects that is required for encapsulation.
Message passing without a context switch into the kernel is the essence of user-level networking.
Message playback resumes .
Message playback resumes.
Message Points to a pointer that the authenticate subroutine allocates memory for and fills in.
Message Points to a pointer that the passwdexpired subroutine allocates memory for and fills in.
Message Posted try mapquest.
Message provides information about the results of a command.
Message remains even if power is interrupted.
Message remains in outbox.
Message Represents a message.
Message saids it all.
Message says phone is temporarily out of service.
Message says, connecting to host , and doesn t move further.
Message scrolls across the display.
Message Send a message to another user's sessions.
Message sending and receiving is asynchronous.
Message sending is always an interprocess action, and requires system intervention always.
Message Sets the specified message as the current message.
Message Specifies a message.
Message Specifies the address containing the message to be sent.
Message starts here as the first line.
Message states no dial tone.
Message Switching Other extreme from circuit switching No physical path is set up.
Message There needs to be a message on the MAIN item about the accompanying piece.
Message travels through the Internet to a server that can dial a local fax number free.
Message waiting light goes out.
Messages abound on Spiritual Love.
Messages actually scroll across the watch display.
Messages also can contain digital certificates to authenticate a message sender's identity.
Messages also have guaranteed delivery.
Messages also percolate through the soup-like fluid bathing the brain.
Messages appear according to the date the response was entered.
Messages appear as they are posted with no annoying refreshes required.
Messages appear here.
Messages appear in a box on a user's screen.
Messages appear in a rectangle below the objects to which they are sent.
Messages appear in digest format and are sent out approximately once a week.
Messages appear in each person's regular email program.
Messages appear in text and are also spoken by digitally recorded voices.
Messages appear in the archives as soon as they are received via email.
Messages appear in the heads-up display.
Messages appear instantaneously in a window on the users' desktops.
Messages appear next to each course indicating the current status of the course.
Messages appear on screen, such as invert steering or cease-fire.
Messages appear on the console as the modules come online.
Messages appear only when the system remains operational.
Messages appear on-screen.
Messages appear when students open each week s lesson.
Messages are a mix of researched information, editorials, and questions.
Messages are a particular means to encourage learning and moral discourse.
Messages are about the computer system, policy issues, mission, and strategy.
Messages are also accessible remotely from any touch-tone phone.
Messages are also sortable by a variety of criteria, including thread, date, and author.
Messages are always private.
Messages are automatically e-mailed to all subscribers as soon as they are posted.
Messages are automatically forward to the appropriate server over a wide area network.
Messages are available for posting only by our members.
Messages are available here shortly after they are distributed by email.
Messages are available on the appropriate input port when needed.
Messages are bland and to the point.
Messages are brief reminders and announcements of interest to Greenville artists and patrons.
Messages are by default sorted and threaded by subject.
Messages are case-insensitive.
Messages are chronological.
Messages are clearer when they're scripted.
Messages are color-coded to indicate how long they've gone unanswered.
Messages are colour coded by age.
Messages are comments made by users regarding a topic or sub-topic, found in a discussion group.
Messages are communication.
Messages are compressed and automatically stored in rotating files.
Messages are computer cut on pressure sensitive vinyl.
Messages are confidential and anonymous.
Messages are confidential.
Messages are context-sensitive, varying within the search process.
Messages are data structures which can be exchanged between different processes.
Messages are date and time stamped.
Messages are disseminated so quickly, running conversations are almost possible.
Messages are due in one week.
Messages are easier to love than people.
Messages are either verbal or non-verbal or a combination of the two.
Messages are e-mailed to the board and are posted there.
Messages are error corrected if needed such that no data is lost due to short transmission errors.
Messages are far more readily concealed than are human beings.
Messages are for losers.
Messages are for private communications.
Messages are generally more noticeable and memorable, leading to better results.
Messages are generally short, rather than long, drawn-out reflections on books or authors.
Messages are important, but relationships impact kids more than speeches do.
Messages are in chronological order.
Messages are in date order with the oldest messages displayed at the top of the list.
Messages are in English and Bahasa Indonesia.
Messages are in English and in Spanish.
Messages are in general clear and trimmed and on topic.
Messages are in one place, mail folders and address book are always the same.
Messages are in Spanish.
Messages are incomprehensible.
Messages are individual postings Messages are the individual postings left by users.
Messages are infrequent, and limited to important announcements.
Messages are infrequent.
Messages are just as easy for students to submit as files.
Messages are kept on the server - the client only downloads the list of messages.
Messages are like containers capable of taking any contents.
Messages are like containers, freely expandable and capable of holding any kind of object.
Messages are located in fridges.
Messages are located in mail.
Messages are located in tables.
Messages are more effective when they come across as news rather than advertising.
Messages are mostly short and sweet, or in list form for easy reading.
Messages are neutral.
Messages are never rude and never reflect hostility.
Messages are non-overtaking .
Messages are now sortable by column.
Messages are now very clean.
Messages are occasionally cross-posted with svbike.
Messages are often just plain text, but files, pictures, sound and video can be included as well.
Messages are persistent across server restarts.
Messages are posted to a group, then remain for a few weeks before they are removed.
Messages are practical and biblical and relate to everyday issues.
Messages are private.
Messages are public, unless stated otherwise.
Messages are rare.
Messages are readable by anyone who has access to the conference.
Messages are representations of the world.
Messages are secure.
Messages are self-describing, meaning that interaction is anonymous.
Messages are send to message queues that can be stored on disk, and survive system failures.
Messages are sent and received very quickly from around the globe.
Messages are simply copied from application space into a transmit buffer.
Messages are small packets of data that are placed in a queue.
Messages are stuck into the bricks.
Messages are subject to editing and space availability.
Messages are subject to review prior to being posted.
Messages are the death of an honest literary transaction with children.
Messages are the lifeblood of every business.
Messages are the lowest level of the message board hierarchy.
Messages are the mechanism that is used in order for objects to communicate with each other.
Messages are the only means of transferring data and communicating within a stream.
Messages are the primary form of communications among nations.
Messages are the property of their poster.
Messages are the vehicles by which information is passed between chares.
Messages are the whispers of the soul.
Messages are time and date stamped automatically.
Messages are time and date stamped.
Messages are to be formatted accordingly.
Messages are to be sent and recieved via multiple ISPs.
Messages are too transient for doing tape backups.
Messages are triple-encoded.
Messages are undeliverable to discharged patients.
Messages are unique and short, simple and straight forward.
Messages are unique and short, simple and straightforward.
Messages are universally accessible using any phone, fax, e-mail program, or web browser.
Messages are unordered but structured.
Messages are updated weekly.
Messages are uploaded after they are checked, one by one.
Messages are usually about genealogical information.
Messages are usually about parking, lost items, fire drills, etc.
Messages are usually for short notes, while Chats are for longer conversations.
Messages are usually in Icelandic, but feel free to use other languages.
Messages are very difficult to decode without knowing the original numbers.
Messages are very short, consisting of pre-formulated action or targeting codes.
Messages are very traceable.
Messages are viewable immediately upon transfer.
Messages are viewable to subscribers only.
Messages are Web pages and Web pages are messages.
Messages are welcome in English or Spanish.
Messages are welcome in Russian and English.
Messages are well-formatted with appropriate spacing and are easy to read.
Messages are what can be seen when certain commands.
Messages arrive and are routed to the application via accept.
Messages arrive by e-mail to all members of the listserv group.
Messages arrive deterministically in prioritized order.
Messages arrive in capsules, shot through tubes or teleported through hyper-space.
Messages arrive infrequently.
Messages arrive instantly because both parties are connected constantly to the network.
Messages automatically play in chronological order.
Messages average one per week, though the frequency can be greater during peak legislative times.
Messages Be sure to read the forum objectives before posting here.
Messages become products.
Messages begin to flow again.
Messages can also deliver attached documents or program files.
Messages can also generate pop-up alerts on a console.
Messages can be a maximum length of three minutes.
Messages can be about anything so long as it relates to Irish rugby in some way however abstract.
Messages can be any length.
Messages can be error or informational messages.
Messages can be in connection mode or connectionless.
Messages can be in plain text or enhanced with graphics.
Messages can be in three different sizes and lots of colours for the text and background.
Messages can be input from email messages and Web page forms.
Messages can be long and informative.
Messages can be of virtually unlimited length.
Messages can be public or private where only the sender and recipient have access to the message.
Messages can be recorder for long term use or updated daily.
Messages can be rewound, replayed, speeded up, slowed down, forwarded to another person and more.
Messages can be short and to the point, or they can contain complete documents for review.
Messages can be short or detailed.
Messages can be short questions or long documents.
Messages can be text, programs, sound files, or images.
Messages can be text, programs, sound files, or pictures.
Messages can be up to five minutes long.
Messages can be varied to best target a specific recipient within a small vertical market segment.
Messages can become quite complex when several flowers are presented in a single bouquet.
Messages can carry data and be selectively unpacked.
Messages can carry data.
Messages can come in many different formats, lengths and syntaxes.
Messages can come via certain smells wafting in the air.
Messages can consist of voice, text and file attachments.
Messages can contain data and be in the language most clear to the recipient.
Messages can contain hyperlinks and attachments.
Messages can contain links to web pages and other documents.
Messages can contain other file types besides text.
Messages can contain segments or segment groups.
Messages can ermain accessible in a fully searchable knowledge base.
Messages can exist standalone when the message is being processed by a procedure.
Messages can follow users from network station to station.
Messages can get out of order causing weird commit conditions.
Messages can have any number of parts, and each part is associated with a type.
Messages can have attachments of documents, images, and any other computer file.
Messages can have attachments.
Messages can have different sizes and displacements.
Messages can include file attachments and web site references.
Messages can include links, start and end times.
Messages can include multilingual dialog with sound, whiteboard and file attachments.
Messages can include photos, biographies, and tributes from family and friends.
Messages can include semantic content.
Messages can include text, graphics, sound and video.
Messages can increase awareness and capture the viewers attention.
Messages can now also be automatically compared for similarity.
Messages can originate from either hams or non-hams.
Messages can reach also indefinitely distant processors, modulated by the needs of intervening ones.
Messages can readily flow between email, voice-mail, and other services.
Messages can relate to readings and other dress and gender issues.
Messages can run up to a maximum of six weeks.
Messages can take from a few seconds to a couple of days to reach their destination.
Messages can take more than one line.
Messages can therefore disappear.
Messages can travel anywhere in the world in minutes - at most, a few hours.
Messages can vary in length and be assigned different types or usages.
Messages carried by the signage are user-friendly and understandable.
Messages carry a type code and are made of one or more message blocks.
Messages combine the 'meatdata', some snapshot of the resource itself, and metadata.
Messages come quickly and from many sources.
Messages come through language or through other signs.
Messages come to each person subscribing to the mailing list as individual pieces of e-mail.
Messages come to the body through the five senses.
Messages coming into the outgoing network interface follow the reverse process.
Messages compete for the memory space or link bandwidth.
Messages concentrate on welcoming the New Year as a sign of hope.
Messages consist of a log message and pointers to diffs of the changes.
Messages consist of headers and a body.
Messages consist of verbal symbols and nonverbal clues.
Messages consisting of personal attacks are inappropriate.
Messages contain a name, a series of headers and an optional trailing feild.
Messages contain an identifier used for filtering and priority.
Messages contain effective appeals or motivational statements.
Messages contain formatted data with specific business meanings.
Messages contain updates on homework, notes, etc.
Messages containing attachments seem to be sent correctly, but are never received.
Messages containing attachments such as pictures can be quite large.
Messages containing forwarded articles no longer mention the article number in their Subject lines.
Messages containing inappropriate language or content are subject to editing or deletion.
Messages continue to be delivered so long as any amount of quota is available.
Messages cover general information and provide specific phone numbers for technical inquiries.
Messages Create and send customized messages.
Messages create windows to view from and doors to open for the expansion of the mindset.
Messages define the interface to the object.
Messages depend on context and timing as well as the background of both the sender and the receiver.
Messages describe the progress of the search.
Messages Develop clear and concise messages to be delivered directly or indirectly.
Messages display as work files are created.
Messages display to indicate the image is being stored in Flash memory.
Messages distributed through mailing lists include instructions for removal.
Messages easily flow back and forth in a matter of hours rather than days.
Messages encapsulate the information exchanged between nodes, and are usually arranged into queues.
Messages exist only in the kernel, so a user process can only send and receive buffers.
Messages flow on that session.
Messages focus on teaching, research, and program administration.
Messages form Fidonet can be sent to the Internet and vice versa.
Messages forwarded by the listserve are exactly like all other emails.
Messages get an immediate response.
Messages get confused and misinterpreted.
Messages get time stamps when they are sent, or if they are queued for timed delivery.
Messages give orders to stop river traffic , close subsidiary gates and alert other river users .
Messages give orders to stop river traffic, close subsidiary gates and alert other river users.
Messages gives visitors a chance to participate in communication in many ways.
Messages go back and forth by throwing a soft ball between the students.
Messages go directly to a person s computer.
Messages go directly to the email boxes of HR job seekers two times per week on average.
Messages go from the PC to one of hundreds of local networks.
Messages go out through the grain stem to control the muscles and glands of the body.
Messages Go Reach out and email someone.
Messages go through quickly, and attachments stay intact.
Messages go through various internet service providers.
Messages go to all persons in the class and to the instructor.
Messages go to and from the muscles and brain via the nervous system.
Messages go to the archives as they are posted.
Messages have a defined format and are exchanged under a defined protocol.
Messages have a very short ad message at the bottom.
Messages have a way of improving over time.
Messages have author attribution and ownership.
Messages have bodies.
Messages have economic purposes.
Messages have expiration dates.
Messages have most impact when they appear in different media.
Messages have to be extremely relevant and something that people are comfortable with.
Messages have to be moved from providers to consumers.
Messages have to be rounded off and the number of possible messages is finite.
Messages have two parts.
Messages having to do with genealogy or history of the area are acceptable.
Messages help Christian women learn, encourage and pray.
Messages here are typically few and far between.
Messages indicate the individual specifications of each job being run.
Messages indicate the progress of the job.
Messages Indicates the number of messages that can be displayed on a single page.
Messages inform patrons of new and helpful features on the library's network of research resources.
Messages inform the user of any effects.
Messages intended for groups require the same key for all group members.
Messages is a screen saver that mixes the date and time with various quotes.
Messages is an indispensable guide for anyone who wants to communicate more effectively.
Messages is designed for phone messages.
Messages is the most complete and accessible guide for building communication skills available.
Messages listed above merely represent a translation of messages that are available.
Messages mature with age.
Messages mimic the way things in the real world communicate.
Messages move across the display like a ticker tape, which is fun to watch and easy to manage.
Messages move non-stop across the screen.
Messages needs approval .
Messages never given never sell.
Messages never sit on email or Web servers.
Messages normally arrive at the recipient within hours, or even seconds.
Messages now contain additional information to allow for better optimization and tuning.
Messages only go to members subscribed on the list.
Messages originate from cell clients, from the web , or via traditional telephones.
Messages pass between the two courtyards.
Messages pass constantly from the extracellular world into the interior of the cell.
Messages pile up all over the cell as instructions are ignored.
Messages pile up in folders.
Messages pile up, and up, and up.
Messages placed into the employee's voice mail are complete, accurate, and verbatim.
Messages pop up on the recipient's computer quickly and reliably.
Messages pop up when received, garnering attention from the recipient.
Messages posted are instantly available for viewing.
Messages posted by participants all appear on a single web page.
Messages posted by participants under a particular topic make up a conversation .
Messages posted by students show up immediately.
Messages posted here are public.
Messages posted here are the responsibility of the poster.
Messages posted in previous months are still accessible.
Messages pour into their offices.
Messages printed by the kernel on the system console occur with interrupts disabled.
Messages prompt the operator through each step in English, Spanish, French, Japanese or Portuguese.
Messages prompt user through complete operating sequence.
Messages provide a means for various processing sites to communicate and exchange data.
Messages provide for communication without shared data.
Messages provide information and generate support while callers wait to be connected.
Messages provide two important benefits.
Messages range from outright hysterical to intelligent analysis.
Messages range from queries on job opportunities to new technology proposals.
Messages range from real-time production statistics to alarms or events.
Messages reach the consultants on call quickly and efficiently.
Messages Read the fascinating offerings of our hot classified advertisers.
Messages Reasons the high prices are justified.
Messages Receive numeric and text messages in areas that offer messaging services.
Messages Receive numeric and text pages in areas that offer messaging services.
Messages received are below.
Messages reflect gentleness, generosity, caring, and compassion.
Messages reflect the gathered quality of worship, just as the depth of the silence reflects it.
Messages regarding fines, overdues, recalls, etc.
Messages relate to a range of midwifery and related topics.
Messages remain after posting for other users to respond to.
Messages remain for a few days at a time.
Messages remain for a few weeks, and are then removed.
Messages remain for a maximum of one week after being posted.
Messages remain on the board indefinitely.
Messages remain on the news server for a week or two before being automatically removed.
Messages remain on the site for as long as required.
Messages repeat continuously identifying key features in the environment.
Messages replacing offers are send instead of an offer.
Messages reside on server and are backed up daily.
Messages reside on the mail server.
Messages round the list can be moderated, to prevent inappropriate postings.
Messages scroll down from the top of the list , like most web chats.
Messages scrolls from newest to oldest.
Messages seem to be taking days to appear.
Messages send in electronic envelopes from one computer to another computer or group of computers.
Messages sent by policy makers and received by stakeholders are critical to implementation.
Messages sent to the phone can be simple text comments, mCoupons, ring tones, or logos.
Messages sent unnecessarily can impact system and user performance.
Messages shoot across the synapses, the gaps separating the primary and secondary neurons.
Messages show how each job is running.
Messages show up as soon as they are sent, typically in some kind of dialog box.
Messages shown above are only examples.
Messages spread throughout all news daemons over the world.
Messages start in the nerve cell, and are carried down the nerve fibre.
Messages stay up indefinitely.
Messages stimulate nerve development.
Messages stored in a public folder are open for anyone to read.
Messages stored on centralized servers and mainframes have a tendency to hang around for years .
Messages take days to get through the networks and only now are phones allowing two-way messaging.
Messages take explicit routes between post offices.
Messages take the form of opcode bytes, followed by data bytes.
Messages take time to transmit.
Messages take whatever path is convenient at the time.
Messages taken in writing can be misunderstood or mislaid, resulting in a delay of communication.
Messages tend to be conversational.
Messages tend to follow a topic theme, or thread.
Messages trasferable between boards.
Messages travel along the nerves as electrical impulses.
Messages travel by relay courier from one station to the next.
Messages travel from one nerve to another through chemicals called neurotransmitter.
Messages travel from the brain to the organs and limbs to enable the body to work.
Messages travel to and from the brain and muscles in split seconds.
Messages travel to the corresponding organ which calms and sedate the organs.
Messages typically are about product reviews, cleaning techniques, and virus detection in principle.
Messages Use discretion when listening to messages on a speakerphone.
Messages Use the Message action to send a message at any time.
Messages written in all capitals are difficult to read and are the network equivalent of shouting.
Messages written in all caps also are difficult to read.
Messages written in all caps are also very hard to read.
Messages written only in upper case letters appear to be shouting at the recipient.
Messages zip back and forth, anywhere in the world, in a matter of seconds.
Messages often carry no salutations.
Messages often have surprising complexity and acoustic carriers when analyzed closely.
Messages sometimes contain typos, misspellings, Freudian slips, and similar gaffes.
Messages sometimes seem to be mixed or conflicting.
Message usually helps as does drinking water or sports drink.
Messages usually announce shut-downs or reboots.
All message are identify by a number.
All messages appear immediately.
All messages appear on the board as soon as they're sent.
All messages appear on the noticeboard.
All messages are anonymous, direct, and unfiltered.
All messages are available to the public.
All messages are completely private with password protection.
All messages are confidential between students and mentors.
All messages are confidential.
All messages are constructions.
All messages are copied verbatim, except for headers, names and email addresses.
All messages are dynamic with no limitations on individual message lengths.
All messages are either to or from the current coordinator.
All messages are e-mailed to all the members at the same time.
All messages are for entertainment value only.
All messages are generally self-explanatory.
All messages are genuine.
All messages are heavy multimedia commercials.
All messages are in French and English.
All messages are in good taste and of extremely high value.
All messages are in modern, living Latin.
All messages are irrefutably date and time-stamped using an atomic clock.
All messages are of the 'daemon' facility.
All messages are open to public view.
All messages are playable on any compact disc player.
All messages are pre-moderated, so there is no reason to put advertisement and spam here.
All messages are public.
All messages are stored on the server, so users can read old messages from anywhere they login from.
All messages are subject to a one-page minimum charge.
All messages are subject to a propagation delay.
All messages are subject to editing and condensation.
All messages are subject to editing for length and content.
All messages are subject to editing.
All messages are subject to removal.
All messages are subject to review and approval prior to being published.
All messages are subject to screening before posting.
All messages are subject to screening by the webmaster prior to posting.
All messages are time and date stamped by the system.
All messages are trackable for senders to analyze and measure client interaction.
All messages are viewable by all visitors.
All messages are viewable on one page.
All messages are welcome.
All messages automatically become part of the proj ect record.
All messages belong to the author of the message.
All messages compete for reader and listener attention.
All messages contain instructions on how to get off the lists.
All messages contain the company name, address, and working electronic mail address.
All messages distributed by thelist are also copied to thelist-d.
All messages distributed via the discussion groups are the personal views of their author.
All messages end up in the log file regardless of the setting.
All messages followed by a star are optional.
All messages go into the drop directory.
All messages go out in plain text.
All messages go through webmaster prior to posting.
All messages go to a moderator for approval.
All messages have a checkbox that can be used to move the message to a folder.
All messages have a distinctive subject header for easy sorting.
All messages have the same length.
All messages have to be posted the night before each meeting.
All messages immediately download and appear automatically on their screen.
All messages intended for video are now available as photos with popup messages.
All messages look as if they come in from the void.
All messages pertain to one particular subject.
All messages posted are subject to normal expiration and eventual automated removal by the server.
All messages posted here are public and viewable by all other visitors to the site.
All messages posted on the board are the responsibility of the individual posting such message.
All messages reach the brain through the five senses.
All messages receive a date and time stamp.
All messages received are confidential and secure.
All messages relate to file access.
All messages remain stored and can be retrieved as soon as the Internet connection starts.
All messages require confirmation.
All messages reside on the server and are accessed in real time.
All messages send to the NOAA Weather Wire.
All messages sends return a value.
All messages sent to a listserv email address are automatically resent to all the names on the list.
All messages sent to standard output are also copied to a log file name checker.log.
All messages sent to the beta forum go to the open discussion group.
All messages sent to the feedback form go to the teachers as well.
All messages sent to the list are available in a web-based archive .
All messages sent to the list are property of their respective poster.
All messages sent to the list go to the mail boxes of every other subscribed member.
All messages sent to the list is subject of our approval before it is sent to the members.
All messages sent to the lyric-developers mailing list are available here .
All messages stored on the system are confidential.
All messages then go to the daemon facility.
All messages use a common format.
Any message can go around the world at the press of a few keys of the computer keyboard.
Any message can have an optimal priority on the bus.
Any message contains a core idea.
Any message including advertisements is in fact an information product.
Any message is a set of signs without such a plunge.
Any message is fine.
Any message is lost when the punch-up begins.
Any message is welcome.
Any message mentioning any kind of multi-level marketing is spam.
ANY message posted by a list subscriber is distributed to all list members.
Any message posted by one member is sent to all other members.
Any message posted in either cafe is available to participants in the other cafe.
Any message posted is immediately available for others of like interest to read and answer.
Any message sent is referred to as an article.
Any message sent to a subscription account controls the subscription and is otherwise ignored.
Any message sent to bishsem goes to every subscriber.
Any message sent to that list is distributed to the people subscribed.
Any message sent to the alias is forwarded to everyone who is on the list.
Any message sent to the hub is forwarded to all subscribers.
Any message sent to the list address is distributed to each member.
Any message sent to the list address is resent by the List Server to everyone on the list.
Any message sent to the list automatically goes to all subscribers to the list.
Any message sent to the list goes to all subscribers.
Any message sent to the list goes to every person who subscribes to the list.
Any message sent to the list goes to the whole group.
Any message sent to the list is broadcasted to all members of the list.
Any message sent to the list is redistributed automatically to all members within minutes.
Any message sent to the listserver is distributed to a list of subscribers.
Any message sent to the official forum is considered to be sent to all Creatures.
Any message sent to the team list goes to all the group moderators.
Any message specified is returned to sender.
Any messages concerning education are welcome here.
Any messages go to either stderr or stdout.
Any messages here is private and confidential.
Any messages traveling in the opposite direction carry acknowledgements.
Every message allows a reader to move to the previous or next one in the thread.
Every message comes with unsubscribe information.
Every message consists of a 'command' and 'parameters'.
Every message consists of a 'destination', a 'command' and 'parameters'.
Every message contain a header, which in the case of list messages contains two From lines.
Every message contains clear removal instructions.
Every message contains instructions for unsubscribing, by web or email.
Every message contains simple instructions for unsubscribing.
Every message distributed by both lists contains instructions on how to unsubscribe.
Every message ever sent to our mailing lists is here.
Every message has a cost.
Every message has a purpose or objective.
Every message has a reply icon to the right of the Author.
Every message has a sender and a receiver, both of whom are fully aware of the message.
Every message has a unique message number.
Every message has an owner.
Every message has genuine information.
Every message has one previous or backup message.
Every message has the name and email address of the sender.
Every message has to be in a folder and every folder has a name.
Every message has to be in a folder.
Every message includes transaction information.
Every message is accompanied by two parameters whose meaning depends on the kind of message.
Every message is added to a central queue directory by qmail-queue.
Every message is answered.
Every message is here, corrected for time zone and presented chronologically.
Every message is read and appreciated.
Every message is read by a human being, and every comment is welome.
Every message is read by the staff.
Every message is read.
Every message is unique in one way or another.
Every message lives in both structures.
Every message sent and every computation performed drains the battery.
Every message sent is identified in the e-mail address.
Every message sent to the client contains a piggybacked invalidation message.
Every message sent to the list gets e-mailed to all subscribers.
Every message sent to the list is approved by the list owner before being posted.
Every message sent to the list is distributed to all subscribers on the list.
Every message sent to the list is distributed to the subscribers.
Every message starts with the same header information.
Every message takes at least two lines in the message index.
Every message takes resources to pro- cess.
Many messages appear during installation.
Many messages are a confusing noise.
Many messages are military related.
Many messages come from students doing school assignments on a deadline.
Many messages come through as e-mail each day.
Many messages contain common sub-records.
Many messages have a political nature.
Many messages have no optional parameters.
Many messages offer listings of antiques shops or shows in various areas.
Many messages scroll by.
Many messages wound up forwarded to several people.
More Messages Let's look at more of the common messages used by the listbox.
Most message are available to non-members.
Most messages are about France.
Most messages are in English.
Most messages are reasonably self-explanatory.
Most messages are replies to other messages, and thus an endless discussion is formed.
Most messages are smaller, unless they have attachments or HTML formatting.
Most messages are user-defined.
Most messages arrive within minutes.
Most messages carry opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email.
Most messages communicate multiple messages simultaneously.
Most messages contain information about educational resources on the Internet.
Most messages contain valuable information for running a business.
Most messages contain viable information for running a bussiness.
Most messages have a function name prepended, to make it easier to locate the problem.
Most messages have a title that tells which button was clicked.
Most messages only appeal to a small segment of the entire list.
Most messages range from intermediate to advanced level issues.
Most messages relate to conference details, research opportunities, and publication information.
Most messages take up very little space, but a deleted message can never be retrieved.
Some messages also carry a warning.
Some messages also have other arguments.
Some messages also trigger automated resource selection.
Some messages appear at the top of the screen.
Some messages appear in that window.
Some messages are about receiving a sweepstakes prize or free merchandise or a tax refund.
Some messages are available in Spanish.
Some messages are banal, others boring, and a few are simply news items about events of interest.
Some messages are cross-cultural, and others are closely associated with particular cultures.
Some messages are essentially personal ads.
Some messages are here , here , and here .
Some messages are hoaxes, apparently written to create needless confusion, paranoia and hysteria.
Some messages are in Romanian language.
Some messages are just plain wrong on line.
Some messages are long and emotional.
Some messages are merely informal, some doubtless are formal instead.
Some messages are mixed messages which include verbal and non-verbal cues.
Some messages are nicer than others.
Some messages are only three of four minutes apart.
Some messages are recognizable by the subject line.
Some messages are short and some are long, but all are edifying.
Some messages are to be read seriously.
Some Messages are too important to miss or leave on an answering machine.
Some messages are warnings while others are fatal and require immediate action.
Some messages bounce immediately, others take days.
Some messages bring replies that are of interest to many subscribers.
Some messages can be many pages long.
Some messages can modify the anticipations on which the decision is based.
Some messages communicate danger.
Some messages contain a name, email address, and home mailing address.
Some messages contain information about a death in the family of a relative or even a pet.
Some messages demand an instant, brief reply.
Some messages describe internal errors and contain traceback information.
Some messages describe phenomena, while others prescribe behavior.
Some messages encourage people to come forward with similar tales.
Some messages get half way around the world in a minute or two.
Some messages go around the world in a few microseconds, depending on the juiciness of the content.
Some messages go to all subscribers.
Some messages have a third part called the signature.
Some messages have hard-coded string.
Some messages have no mandatory parameters, and some have no optional parameters.
Some messages have no required parameters.
Some messages offer the option of receiving information via fax.
Some messages pay extra for taking action such as filling out a survey.
Some messages purport to be from Liberian officials as well.
Some messages request a different time schedule while others affect the procedures to be performed.
Some messages require parameters.
Some messages simply report normal events.
Some messages zip around very quickly, while others take their time.
Messages base goes back to as much as one year.
Messaging applications tend to stress all of the above.
Messaging system advises store personnel of off-line terminals with visual and audible alert codes.
Messaging systems provide a way to exchange events and data asynchronously.
Most messaging systems have a single storage area and use a single access method.
Most messaging systems provide some level of statistical reporting.
Messaging already is very prominent in Europe.
Messaging also allows a certain degree of 'fake' parallel processing.
Messaging can be reliable, certified or transactional, as appropriate for each interaction.
Messaging changes the code written on both ends of the pipe.
Messaging cuts down the formalities without sounding mercenary.
Messaging has many forms.
Messaging is a communications tool that helps connect large groups of people.
Messaging is a total communications package handling e-mail and faxes.
Messaging is accomplished ship to shore, ship to ship and shore to ship.
Messaging is an approach to integrating applications.
Messaging is an important one.
Messaging is another way to implement three tier architectures.
Messaging is asynchronous, and it can be difficult for people to conceptualize.
Messaging is coordinated via software.
Messaging is key.
Messaging is one of the major driving forces behind mass-market mobile telephone usage.
Messaging is one of the more economical ways of using a mobile phone.
Messaging is one of the most important applications that use images.
Messaging is simple and secure.
Messaging is synchronous, asynchronous or asynchronous request-response.
Messaging is the application that pushes adoption through the threshold.
Messaging is the backbone of an e-business integration infrastructure.
Messaging is the core technology groups rely upon for secure e-mail based communications.
Messaging is the foundation of the value chain.
Messaging lets application programs communicate asynchronously and in a relative realtime manner.
Messaging uses messages to communicate with different systems to perform some kind of function.
Messaging works for teenage girls, too.
Messagings are electronic communication.
Any messaging is totally customizable.
Messenger lines are visible in lower center.
Messenger service is available seven days a week.
Messenger service is provided and billed to the client.
A messenger is a traveler
Messenger applies each filter in turn to a message until one of the filters acts on it.
Messenger applies the filter to all subsequent incoming messages.
Messenger are free.
Messenger comes from Venice.
Messenger comes prepackaged with several themes.
Messenger comes with several themes by default.
Messenger covers the whole territory.
Messenger crashes when offline messages open.
Messenger delivers extraordinarily fast response time.
Messenger does give users a reason to start using other services, however.
Messenger enables users to place calls over the Internet.
Messenger flags the message with the chosen priority.
Messenger help index .
Messenger help section .
Messenger help section.
Messenger is a former angel who decided to become human.
Messenger is a fundamentally sound offensive player with good quickness.
Messenger is a monthly four-page newsletter, written for MAES scientists.
Messenger is a particularly appropriate candidate.
Messenger is a powerful way to keep in touch.
Messenger is a program for anyone who has to send lots of interoffice email.
Messenger is a topical application of harpin protein that produces the same effect in plants.
Messenger is a unique material in that it has no direct pesticidal activity.
Messenger is a weekly newspaper located in Challis, Idaho.
Messenger is a worthy challenger.
Messenger is absolutely free.
Messenger is always ready to lend muscle power when needed.
Messenger is an example of the second type of user agent.
Messenger is available now as a free download.
Messenger is figurative, in the sense of agent.
Messenger is first and foremost a chat tool.
Messenger is free.
Messenger is fully customizeable.
Messenger is intended to allow users to engage in private conversations.
Messenger is non-toxic and breaks down quickly.
Messenger is now online.
Messenger is powerful and simple to configure.
Messenger is probably unable to access the microphone correctly.
Messenger is probably unable to access the speakers correctly.
Messenger is the easiest way to keep in touch when mobile.
Messenger is the perfect way to keep in touch on the move.
Messenger is the quickest and easiest way to communicate instantly with friends and colleagues.
Messenger is totally free.
Messenger is yet another buddylist to add to the growing collection of buddylists.
Messenger isa traveler.
Messenger isa traveller.
Messenger launches the wrong browser.
Messenger looks and works in pretty much the same way.
Messenger provides information on issues of importance to the sponsored research community.
Messenger provides the perfect solution.
Messenger puts each address on a separate line.
Messenger represents other types of files, such as sound files and executable files, as links.
Messenger saves each buddy list in a way that allows users to see the same list on any computer.
Messenger skins in various categories with previews.
Messenger skins with previews and ratings by the viewers.
Messenger takes a knee and looks down.
Messenger themes with previews, and ratings from the viewers.
Messengers also travel and speak at gatherings upon invitation.
Messengers are artificial satellites.
Messengers are books.
Messengers are expedient figures for dramatic texts.
Messengers are important, but it is the message that is vital.
Messengers are mysterious people who live outside the norms of society.
Messengers are travelers.
Messengers are usually also prophets and often come with books of revelation.
Messengers are usually short-lived objects.
Messengers carry piles of used computing forms down to a storehouse in the cellar.
Messengers come and go.
Messengers come in many forms.
Messengers complete missions.
Messengers follow paths.
Messengers have (part) arms.
Messengers have (part) body substances.
Messengers have (part) cell membranes.
Messengers have (part) cells.
Messengers have (part) corpi.
Messengers have (part) cytoplasm.
Messengers have (part) heads.
Messengers have (part) human bodies.
Messengers have (part) legs.
Messengers have (part) material bodies.
Messengers have (part) necks.
Messengers have (part) nuclei.
Messengers have (part) personality.
Messengers have (part) plasma membranes.
Messengers have (part) sections.
Messengers have (part) vacuoles.
Messengers have no bicycles, no uniforms, and no handcuffs.
Messengers provide delivery services.
Messengers provide services.
Messengers reach their destination by several methods.
Messengers receive messages from and deliver messages to someone.
Messengers receive their instructions by visiting their home office, by telephone, or by radio.
Messengers register for the annual meeting.
Messengers represent the people who pay the bills.
Messengers swap out secret codes with other groups and begin to decipher codes.
Messengers typically carry basic tools, weather-proof clothing and a street map.
Messengers use several methods of transportation.
Messengers work long hours at low pay under dangerous conditions.
Messengers always alternate between their respective executions.
Messengers usually keep records of deliveries.
Most messengers complete missions.
Most messengers deliver items within a limited geographic area, such as a city or metropolitan area.
Most messengers follow paths.
Most messengers provide delivery services.
Most messengers provide services.
Some messengers become priests.
Some messengers conduct images.
Some messengers contain proteins.
Some messengers find evidence.
Some messengers have active users.
Some messengers have users.
Some messengers only deliver packages for their employer, such as a bank or law firm.
Some messengers pick up and deliver important packages, such as medical samples to be tested.
Some messengers pick up and deliver important small packages such as medical samples to be tested.
Some messengers see growth.
Some messengers work magic.
Some messengers work part time.
A messiah is a helper
Messiahs are mammals.
Messiahs are people.
Messiahs die young.
Messiahs tend to be highly charismatic individuals prone to megalomania and violence.
All messiahs are generally just ordinary spies.
Most Messianic assemblies have a high percentage of Gentiles.
Most Messianic assemblies have a large percentage of Gentiles.
Messianic believers hold many of the beliefs of mainline Christian denominations.
Messianic congregations are more susceptible to legalism in regard to the Torah.
Messianic expectations are prominent.
Messianic fervor is often irrational.
Messianic groups are also active on many college campuses.
Some Messianic groups give credence to Rabbinic tradition.
Messianic imagery abounds, sometimes in uncomfortably obvious ways.
Messianic redemption repeats Mosaic redemption.
Messianic tribalism is, of course, a threat to world peace and American-style democracy.
Messy files are a telltale of poor or non-existent ownership.
Messy files are a thing of the past.
Messy houses are happy houses.
Messy museums are marvelous.
Messy pages have competing items.
A mestizo is a person
Many mestizos live on the coastal plain in wooden homes with thatched roofs.
Some mestizos live in the cities and work as laborers, servants, or shopkeepers.
A mestranol is an oestrogen
Mestranol is embryolethal for pre- and postimplantation embryos in some species.
Mets are baseball teams.
Meta attack leads to an arenium ion with only three resonance structures.
Meta characters are unique to emacs.
Meta collections are automatically updated when one of their components is.
Meta comments appear double indented and in blue text.
Meta directory requires flexible schemas many directories come with hard-coded data definitions.
Meta editors have the ability to remove an editor's categories.
Meta engines are very helpful when an exhaustive web search is necessary.
Meta essence is scarce here, so make every bit count.
Meta info applies to content.
Meta information is essential to distinguish between several representations in the same media type.
Meta information is information about information.
Meta information is information 'about' the web page.
Some meta information is specific, and some is shared.
Meta links list - a UK source with a superb set of links.
Meta navigation is located at the top of the site banner on each page as shown below.
Most meta results are relevancy-ranked.
Meta rules are complete and useful.
Meta search engines Metasearches send a single query to multiple databases simultaneously.
Meta search is tricky because search engines handle search requests in different ways.
Meta searchers conduct searches on multiple sites at once, usually combining the results together.
Meta skills have more staying power than subject matter expertise.
Every meta symbol is replaced by it's corresponding string.
Meta tags are a great example.
Meta tags are a little different than most HTML tags.
Meta tags are a part of a Web page's HTML coding and help search engines find sites more easily.
Meta tags are a ranking necessity for most search engines.
Meta tags are a useful tool but are by no means a magic solution.
Meta tags are also helpful.
Meta tags are also useful for overcoming problems with tables, frames and other trouble areas.
Meta tags are always place between the and tags.
Meta tags are an essential part of a well designed web site promotion program.
Meta tags are an important aspect of site promotion.
Meta tags are an important factor on a majority of spiders.
Meta tags are an important part of a site's internet presence and visibility.
Meta tags are an important part of a site's Internet presence and visibility.
Meta tags are crucial.
Meta tags are either a storage bin for data or a way of passing information to the server.
Meta tags are extremely important, especially the keywords and description elements.
Meta tags are for robots.
Meta tags are hidden tags placed in the header section of a .html document.
Meta tags are html tags that appear in the section of an html document.
Meta tags are imperative to most search engines.
Meta tags are important.
Meta tags are instructions designed specifically for browsers and search engines.
Meta tags are instructions for search engine spiders.
Meta tags are invisible keywords describing the contents of an internet site.
Meta tags are only a small part of the ranking systems.
Meta tags are powerful.
Meta tags are simple to use.
Meta tags are somewhat less clear.
Meta tags are tags that go in the head portion of a web-page.
Meta tags are the hidden lines of source code in the header of most webpages.
Meta tags are the hidden tags in the head of an html document .
Meta tags are to be placed inside the head tags as shown below.
Meta tags are to be placed inside the head tags.
Meta tags are unseen html elements found in the head section of a web page.
Meta tags are useful in getting better listings in the search engines.
Meta tags are very important.
Meta tags are very simple.
Meta tags are vital to the success of a web site being listed and ranked in the search engines.
Meta tags can accomplish two things.
Meta tags can give a little extra boost of visibility when the spiders come by.
Meta tags can help.
Meta tags have many uses.
Meta tags look like regular HTML tags.
Meta tags make it possible to reliably determine the source of the information.
Meta tags provide search engines with information about the content and purpose of a Web site.
Meta tags work for web-crawler based search engines.
Metabolic acidosis befalls rapidly with ensuing multiple organ failure.
Metabolic acidosis can occur secondary to anaerobic metabolism.
Metabolic acidosis can result from elevated production of organic acids.
Metabolic acidosis is a common finding, particularly in cats.
Metabolic acidosis is a frequent consequence of renal failure.
Metabolic acidosis is acidosis
Metabolic acidosis is acidosis.
Metabolic acidosis is most common in pediatric overdose.
Metabolic acidosis is the second most common cause of acid-base imbalance.
Metabolic acidosis is treated with slow IV infusion of sodium bicarbonate in fluids.
Metabolic acidosis is treated with sodium bicarbonate, given intravenously.
Metabolic acidosis means that the blood is more acidic and the urine is less acidic than usual.
Metabolic activation involves multiple enzyme steps that convert the parent compound into a mutagen.
Metabolic activities are done by organelles.
Some metabolic activities produce warmth.
Metabolic alkalosis can be the result of diarrhea and vomiting.
Metabolic alkalosis develops when the body loses too much acid.
Metabolic alkalosis is alkalosis
Metabolic alkalosis is alkalosis.
Metabolic alkalosis is caused by an excess of bicarbonate in blood.
Metabolic behaviour is rearrangement of biochemical elements during a chemical reaction.
Metabolic bone diseases require immediate treatments.
Metabolic bone diseases require treatments.
Metabolic bypass is another common way in which bacteria can become resistant to antibiotics.
Metabolic carts are part of acid-base management.
Metabolic challenges appear to further enhance the inhibitory effects of steroids on GnRH release.
Metabolic compensations adjust the metabolic reactions to counter the effects of temperature.
Metabolic compensations take place at a much later stage.
Some metabolic conditions result in diabetes.
Metabolic control is acceptable in only half of the patients.
Metabolic definitions are popular with biochemists and some biologists.
Metabolic derangements are common.
Metabolic disease can result from injury or other trauma.
Metabolic diseases require immediate treatments.
Metabolic diseases require treatments.
Most metabolic diseases have as their basis specific vitamins and minerals.
Most metabolic diseases require immediate treatments.
Most metabolic diseases require treatments.
Some metabolic diseases are inherited.
Some metabolic diseases develop in patients.
Metabolic disorder causes defects.
Metabolic disorder is disorder
Metabolic disorder is disorder.
Metabolic disorders are the most common causes of neuropathy in our population.
Metabolic disorders can also give a picture of ptosis.
Metabolic disorders result when the thyroid secretes too little or too much thyroxine.
Most metabolic disorder causes defects.
Some metabolic disorder causes absorption.
Some metabolic disorder is characterized by excretion.
Some metabolic disorder leads to deposition.
Some metabolic disorder occurs in late pregnancy.
Some metabolic disorder occurs in pregnancy.
Metabolic diversity is much greater than for other life forms.
Metabolic efficiency is significantly increased and more usable energy is produced with less heat.
Metabolic energy is captured more easily if it is released in small increments.
Metabolic energy is required.
Metabolic enhancers help the body combat fatigue and optimize performance.
Metabolic enzymes have effects.
Metabolic enzymes have little effects.
Most metabolic enzymes have effects.
Most metabolic enzymes have little effects.
Some metabolic factors associate with autism.
Metabolic fitness improves total metabolism through exercise.
Metabolic fitness means having normal values for blood pressure, blood cholesterol and blood sugar.
Metabolic fuel releases heat.
Most metabolic fuel releases heat.
Some metabolic functions lead to death.
Some metabolic hormones regulate height.
Metabolic imbalance is the major cause of overweight people.
Metabolic imbalances can occur as a result of fasting, vomiting or diarrhea.
Metabolic information includes data of very diverse nature.
Metabolic issues are incredibly complex.
Metabolic myopathies result from defects in the breakdown of glycogen or utilization of FFAs.
Metabolic nutrients help support a high metabolic rate.
Metabolic pathway databases.
Metabolic pathways are irreversible a.
Metabolic pathways are metabolism.
Metabolic pathways differ with age.
Metabolic pathways involve a number of enzyme-catalyzed reactions.
Metabolic pathways require enzymes to catalyze a series of reactions in sequence.
All metabolic pathways are intact.
Every metabolic pathway has a first committed step a.
Some metabolic pathways involve proteins.
Some metabolic pathways produce hormones.
Some metabolic pathways produce steroid hormones.
Metabolic power rises slightly with flight speed.
Metabolic problems are caused by inability.
Metabolic problems are frequently to blame for the excess pounds.
Metabolic problems lead to conditions.
Metabolic problems lead to such conditions.
Most metabolic problems are caused by inability.
Most metabolic problems lead to conditions.
Most metabolic problems lead to such conditions.
All metabolic processes slow down to as little as one-twentieth of the normal rate.
Many metabolic processes are brought about by the action of enzymes.
Many metabolic processes take place in the cytosol.
Some metabolic processes occur only in selected groups of microorganisms, termed functional groups.
Some metabolic products result from metabolism.
A metabolic rate is a rate
Metabolic rate declines proportionately with the decline in total protein tissue.
Metabolic rate determines the number of calories a person requires per day.
Metabolic rate has to be lower in larger species if they are to avoid burning up.
Metabolic rate is an important and often overlooked variable in energy imbalances.
Metabolic rate is defined as oxygen uptake over a fixed period of time, adjusted for body weight.
Metabolic rate is temperature dependent in woodlice.
Metabolic rate is temperature-dependent in woodlice.
Metabolic rate is the pace at which energy is used by an organism.
Metabolic rate is the rate at which food is burned for energy.
Metabolic rate is the rate at which heat is produced as the body breaks down ingested foods.
Metabolic rate is the speed with which the body burns up food.
Metabolic rate remains high, so calorie deficit pays off in proportional weight loss.
Metabolic rates are lower.
Metabolic rates are rates.
Metabolic rates can be several hundred times lower with huge energy savings.
Metabolic rates drop during viewing, encouraging weight gain.
Metabolic rates increase in warm water and even more oxygen is needed.
Metabolic rates rise and internal vapor pressure increases.
Metabolic rates vary considerably with activity and type of organism.
Metabolic reaction induces development.
Metabolic reactions occur in arranged sequences called pathways.
Metabolic reactions occur in water.
Metabolic reactions take place in the cytoplasm or at the plasma membrane.
All metabolic reactions are either catabolic or anabolic.
Many metabolic reactions require water as a reactant.
Most metabolic reaction induces development.
Some metabolic reaction produces heat.
Some metabolic reaction takes places.
Metabolic regulation tends to keep Ca in a normal range.
Metabolic restoration can begin even when the suspect metals are still in the teeth.
Metabolic stress modifies the thermogenic effect of dobutamine in man.
Metabolic tests can assess a patient's calorie requirements and fuel oxidation patterns.
Metabolic tolerance occurs when liver enzymes are induced by repeated use of a drug.
Metabolic waste consists of substances.
Metabolic waste includes water.
Metabolic wastes diffuse out directly at the body surface.
Most metabolic waste includes water.
Some metabolic waste is produced by animals.
Some metabolic waste is produced by embryos.
Metabolic water comes from combination of hydrogen and oxygen at end of electron transport chain.
Metabolic water is defined as water produced from the metabolism of nutrients in the body.
Metabolic water is derived from cellular oxidation.
Metabolism also becomes more efficient, another reason it is harder to lose weight.
Metabolism also helps get rid of toxic substances.
Metabolism also poses the problem of disposal of wastes.
Metabolism also slows naturally with age.
Metabolism also slows.
Metabolism appears to be limited.
Metabolism breaks down matter.
Metabolism breaks down organic matter.
Metabolism consists of two types of processes catabolism and anabolism.
Metabolism continues at a slowed pace, involving virtually every body organ.
Metabolism continues to glycolate, then to glyoxylate, then to glycine and oxalate.
Metabolism continues, albeit at a greatly slowed rate.
Metabolism contributes to obesity.
Metabolism contributes to survival.
Metabolism converts carbohydrates.
Metabolism converts fuel.
Metabolism correlates with body mass, activity and environment.
Metabolism depends on how a person changes food to fat, and how the body stores the fat.
Metabolism describes all of the chemical reactions that are happening in the body.
Metabolism does slow down eventually honey.
Metabolism does slow down with advancing age.
Metabolism encompasses all of the chemical reactions within the cell.
Metabolism has energy requirements.
Metabolism has limits.
Metabolism has low energy requirements.
Metabolism has lower limits.
Metabolism has requirements.
Metabolism has roles.
Metabolism has stopped burning off alcohol, yet diffusion from the stomach continues.
Metabolism have two stages-catabolism and anabolism.
Metabolism includes a enormous variety of chemical reactions.
Metabolism includes the production of plant primary and secondary compounds.
Metabolism involves a number of processes, one of which is referred to as oxidation.
Metabolism involves both catabolism, and anabolism.
Metabolism involves phenyl hydroxylation, alkyl hydroxylation, demethylation and N -oxide formation.
Metabolism is a biological process
Metabolism is a characteristic of living organisms.
Metabolism is a dynamic process of energy conversion in cells of living organisms.
Metabolism is a fairly complicated subject.
Metabolism is a fairly popular concept in Japanese architecture.
Metabolism is a major contributor to heat stress.
Metabolism is a process of growth, repair and development.
Metabolism is a process using several chemical reactions.
Metabolism is actually a very complicated phenomenon.
Metabolism is affected by body composition - the amount of muscle versus fat.
Metabolism is all about change.
Metabolism is all chemical reactions that occur in a cell.
Metabolism is all of the activities of an organism.
Metabolism is all of the chemical and energy reactions that happen in a living thing .
Metabolism is all of the chemical and energy reactions that happen in a living thing.
Metabolism is all of the chemical reactions occurring within an organism.
Metabolism is all of the components an organism needs to survive.
Metabolism is also an issue for tool use.
Metabolism is an organized but chaotic chemical assembly line.
Metabolism is by hydrolysis and N-acetylation.
Metabolism is carried on essentially in the same manner in plants as in animals.
Metabolism is chemical processes.
Metabolism is chemical reactions taking place inside cells, including respiration.
Metabolism is considered by assuming first order reacti.
Metabolism is covered in the next chapter.
Metabolism is extensive with no active metabolites.
Metabolism is hepatic, and elimination is primarily fecal.
Metabolism is important.
Metabolism is influenced by hormones, exercise, and diet.
Metabolism is less efficient with age.
Metabolism is measured in calories.
Metabolism is much slower, so can accumulate.
Metabolism is normalized due to the cleansing process.
Metabolism is primarily hepatic with renal secretion of hydroxylase metabolites.
Metabolism is regulated in cells by control of enzyme activity.
Metabolism is remarkably versatile and adaptable.
Metabolism is roughly the number of calories the body needs to maintain itself each day.
Metabolism is slow, with elimination of metabolites occurring over many days.
Metabolism is slowed in the livers of elderly persons.
Metabolism is taken into consideration by using a first-order degradation rate.
Metabolism is the controlled capacity to acquire and use energy.
Metabolism is the conversion of energy in food to energy in the body.
Metabolism is the entire network of chemical processes involved in maintaining life.
Metabolism is the enzymatic conversion of one chemical species to another.
Metabolism is the full set of chemical processes carried out by a living organism.
Metabolism is the only process by which alcohol is detoxified and removed from the blood.
Metabolism is the process by which a drug is chemically altered by the body.
Metabolism is the process by which the body breaks down food and converts that food to energy.
Metabolism is the process of converting food ingested into energy.
Metabolism is the process of converting food to energy.
Metabolism is the rate at which a person's body burns the calories needed to function normally.
Metabolism is the rate at which the body's cells do their work.
Metabolism is the result of the chemical reactions of life.
Metabolism is the sum of all of the internal systems in an organism.
Metabolism is the sum of all of the metabolic reaction in the cell.
Metabolism is the sum of all the biochemical reactions in an organism.
Metabolism is the sum of all the chemical processes in a living organism.
Metabolism is the sum of all the reactions that occur in the cell.
Metabolism is the sum total of all chemical reactions in a cell.
Metabolism is the sum total of all chemical reactions performed by an organism.
Metabolism is the sum total of all the chemical processes that occur in the body.
Metabolism is the sum total of anabolism and catabolism.
Metabolism is the term used collectively for all of the physical and chemical reactions in the body.
Metabolism is the third factor to consider.
Metabolism is the total of all life processes.
Metabolism is the way our body digests food for growth and energy.
Metabolism is very important in toxicity.
Metabolism is vital in the body's weight loss cycle.
Metabolism is when the bady takes in air, food and liquid.
Metabolism isa process.
Metabolism keeps balance after drinking tea.
Metabolism leads to elevation.
Metabolism maintains homeostasis , or a steady state, in the body.
Metabolism manages the material and energy resources of the cell.
Metabolism means energy transfers within the cell.
Metabolism means the ability to collect and use energy.
Metabolism occurs in animals and humans after the ingestion of organic plant or animal foods.
Metabolism occurs in animals.
Metabolism occurs in livers.
Metabolism occurs in living processes.
Metabolism occurs in the liver by hydrolysis which eliminates approximately half the drug.
Metabolism occurs in the liver.
Metabolism occurs mainly in the GI wall.
Metabolism occurs predominantly by conjugation with glutathione.
Metabolism occurs primarily in the hepatocytes.
Metabolism plays a central role in bovine reproduction and growth.
Metabolism produces body heat.
Metabolism produces heat.
Metabolism produces inactive metabolites that are primarily excreted in the urine.
Metabolism produces respiration.
Metabolism provides energy.
Metabolism refers to all of the chemical reactions that take place inside living cells.
Metabolism refers to all of the processes by which the living organism maintains itself.
Metabolism refers to all the chemical reactions taking place in the body to convert or use energy.
Metabolism refers to chemical reaction.
Metabolism refers to reaction.
Metabolism refers to the building up and breaking down of biochemical products.
Metabolism remains elevated for a longer period of the time after exercise.
Metabolism represents architecture and urbanity as mechanical in organization.
Metabolism requires energy.
Metabolism requires magnesium.
Metabolism requires oxygen.
Metabolism results in more products in man and rats than in mice.
Metabolism rises, as measured by increased oxygen consumption during the stimulation.
Metabolism -Sertraline undergoes extensive first pass metabolism.
Metabolism slows down and the heart pumps less.
Metabolism slows down, adding to the weight gain.
Metabolism slows in late adolescence and appears to be stable throughout most of adulthood.
Metabolism supports conversions.
Metabolism takes place by enzymatic catalysis.
Metabolism takes place in two steps.
Metabolism takes place primarily in liver and to a lesser degree, in the kidneys.
Metabolism too is limited as a foundation for definition.
Metabolism uses a wide variety of other chemical elements.
Metabolism uses energy to fuel all organs involved in digestion and respiration and so on .
Metabolism uses energy to fuel all organs involved in digestion and respiration and so on.
Metabolisms tend to be slow to conserve energy use.
All metabolism depends on enzymes and, until recently, every enzyme has turned out to be a protein.
All metabolism occurs within water.
More metabolism means less parent compound.
Most metabolism breaks down matter.
Most metabolism breaks down organic matter.
Most metabolism has energy requirements.
Most metabolism has limits.
Most metabolism has low energy requirements.
Most metabolism has lower limits.
Most metabolism has requirements.
Most metabolism has roles.
Most metabolism leads to elevation.
Most metabolism occurs in animals.
Most metabolism occurs in livers.
Most metabolism produces body heat.
Most metabolism produces heat.
Most metabolism produces respiration.
Most metabolism provides energy.
Most metabolism refers to chemical reaction.
Most metabolism refers to reaction.
Most metabolism requires energy.
Most metabolism requires magnesium.
Most metabolism requires oxygen.
Most metabolism supports conversions.
Some metabolism becomes oxidation.
Some metabolism becomes protein oxidation.
Some metabolism demonstrates large variability.
Some metabolism demonstrates variability.
Some metabolism depends on glycolysis.
Some metabolism depends on substrate.
Some metabolism has phases.
Some metabolism increases acid excretion.
Some metabolism increases excretion.
Some metabolism increases net acid excretion.
Some metabolism increases production.
Some metabolism interferes with excretion.
Some metabolism poses problems.
Some metabolism produces urea.
Some metabolism requires for synthesis.
Some metabolism requires methods.
Some metabolism takes places.
Metabolist design is like a living organism which can change with use.
A metabolite is a substance
Metabolites are either conjugated or directly eliminated in urine.
Metabolites are less active than the parent compound.
Metabolites are odourological tracks or tracks od odour.
Metabolites are substances.
Metabolites are the biochemical products of the breakdow of drugs within the body.
Metabolites are the biochemical products of the breakdown of drugs within the body.
Metabolites are the result of the body breaking down a chemical.
Metabolites are usually more hydrophilic than the parent compound.
Metabolites can be either variables or parameters of the model.
Metabolites involved with inositol metabolism appear to be most specific for AD brains.
Many metabolites are highly lipophilic and reabsorbed.
Some metabolites appear pharmacologically active in in vitro assays.
Metabolizable energy is roughly the equivalent of the digestible energy content of the ingredient.
Metabolizable protein accounts for rumen degradation of protein.
Metabolizable protein is defined as the total quantity of protein absorbed by the intestine.
Metabolizable protein is true protein absorbed by the intestine.
Some metabolize enzymes play roles.
Metaboric acid is a white, cubic crystalline solid and is only slightly soluble in water.
Metacard stacks offer users a more focused experience than content delivered in current browsers.
A metacarpal is a bone
Metacarpals are bones.
Metacarpals are long bones.
Metacarpals branch off postaxially.
Metacarpals make up the palm of the hand, with their heads forming the knuckles.
Metacarpals move anteriorly, posteriorly, medially and laterally.
Metacarpophalangeal arthrodesis is preferred for isolated metacarpophalangeal involvement.
Metachromatic matrix separates the neoplastic cell clusters.
Metacognative skills are important in chess.
Metacognitive classrooms are places where students learn how to learn.
Metacognitive deficiencies are the problem of the novice, regardless of age.
Metacognitive instruction attempts to transfer the critics role from the teacher to the student.
Metacognitive knowledge is assumed to play a role in optimal performance on a cognitive task.
Metacognitive skills are the strategies one uses to learn and to solve problems.
Metacognitive strategies are already in teachers' repertoires.
Metacognitive strategies are essential for the twenty-first century.
Metadata database is under planning.
Metadata development is more than storing text in a cryptic format.
Metadata file contains detailed technical descriptions of structure and content of digital data.
Metadata files allow users to see necessary documentation for the coverages.
Metadata generation is underway.
Metadata implementation is such a mechanism.
Metadata information carries a higher weight than other information.
Metadata management is a key part of information management.
Metadata management is essential to ensure a successful business intelligence implementation.
Metadata standards are a relatively new thing, and are evolving.
Metadata standards are key to cross-vendor product integration.
Metadata standards are simply a common set of terms and definitions that describe geospatial data.
Metadata standards facilitate data sharing through time and space.
Metadata standards increase the value of data by data sharing through time and space.
Metadata tags are part of the templates and are to be completed for each page by the web author.
A metadata is a collection
Metadata accompany datasets at all levels.
Metadata allow for a common interface and uniform access to distributed resources.
Metadata allow potential users to more easily locate and to better understand data.
Metadata allow sharing of information with other communities.
Metadata allows image files to contain additional information beyond the pixels in the image itself.
Metadata also aid the transfer of data to other users' systems.
Metadata are a significant advantageous feature of a data warehouse.
Metadata are also important for establishing quality control.
Metadata are available for the individual data sets.
Metadata are available here .
Metadata are available.
Metadata are critically important for managing the data resource.
Metadata are data about data.
Metadata are data about the content, quality, condition, and other characteristics of data.
Metadata are data that describe the properties or characteristics of other data.
Metadata are information about data.
Metadata are information describing a resource.
Metadata are simply that type of descriptive information applied to a digital geospatial file.
Metadata are vitally important to paleo data.
Metadata become a new kind of value of a document.
Metadata can employ controlled vocabulary or natural language techniques.
Metadata challenges for libraries.
Metadata come in many shapes and flavours.
Metadata comprise a key component for any interoperability scheme.
Metadata consist of information that characterizes data.
Metadata contain descriptive information such as who, what, where, why, and how data was created.
Metadata contain information about the image.
Metadata describe the content, quality, availability, and other characteristics of data.
Metadata describe the content, quality, condition and other characteristics of data.
Metadata describe the content, quality, condition, and other characteristics of data.
Metadata describe the content, quality, condition, and other characteristics of spatial data sets.
Metadata describe the content, quality, condition, and other characteristics of the data.
Metadata describe the the content, quality, condition, and other characteristics of a data set.
Metadata enables product development and encourages content reuse.
Metadata enables system flexibility, with dynamic capabilities for managing change.
Metadata enables users and data providers to locate and use earth observing data.
Metadata enables users to better use their images.
Metadata facilitates repeatability, ease of maintenance, and programmatic updates.
Metadata gives focus to searching.
Metadata helps search accuracy on commercial search engines, too.
Metadata isa data.
Metadata live in symbiotic relationship with the information they pertain to.
Metadata progresses through the system of databases as it is ready.
Metadata promotes productivity and accuracy.
Metadata provide answers to frequently-anticipated questions.
Metadata provide information for discovering, assessing, and accessing the data sets.
Metadata provided by creators can follow any standard or none.
Metadata tell the who, what, when, where, and how of data collected or generated by a researcher.
All metadata is data.
All metadata is optional.
Most metadata stays the same whether a document is MOVEd or COPYd, but there are exceptions.
Some metadata are bibliographic in nature.
Some metadata describe aspects of the content of the document as a whole.
Some metadata is available online.
Some metadata refer to the state of a document in the life cycle.
Metal alloys are homogeneous elemental mixtures that can be thought of as solid solutions.
Metal alloys are minerals that are composed of combinations of different metals in one mineral.
Metal alloys are mixtures of various elements.
Metal alloys come in aluminum, bronze, alloy steel, brass, cast iron and chromium.
Many metal alloys have limited possibilities of composition.
Metal arms appear.
Metal atoms occupy positions.
Metal bands approach their music as epic struggle.
Some metal bands are so timeless and classic, they span many generations.
Some metal blades have hinges.
Metal bonding provides a much better acoustic coupling than epoxy bonding.
Some metal boxes contain carbon compounds.
Some metal boxes contain compounds.
Metal bridges corrode.
Metal building is up, interior framing is complete and the drywall is hung.
Metal buildings are by nature, very thermally inefficient.
Metal cans are too heavy and easy to damage, insists Butterfield.
Metal cans can catalyse reactions in the film that result in release of acids.
Metal cans corrode in a very short time.
Metal cans look good but are heavy to lug around.
Metal cans tuna, soup, pet food, etc.
Metal caps reinforce tenon joints to prevent wood cracks.
Metal carbonyl compounds.
Metal casting is a process highly adaptable to the requirements of mass production.
Metal casting is discussed, and the use of shot molds for making bullets.
Metal castings make up the dive planes.
Metal clusters are a strange lot.
Metal coating is done by the lab operator.
Metal coatings produce conductive capabilities and also enhance barrier properties.
Metal coatings show excellent adhesion.
Metal concentration occurs in areas.
Metal concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Metal conductors carry electricity.
Metal containers absorb heat.
Metal detection includes rare earth magnets and metal detectors.
A metal detector is a sensor
Metal detector is one of the solution, but am trying to find something more effective and accurate.
Metal detectors are acceptable except on historical sites.
Metal detectors are an expensive and controversial option.
Metal detectors are as good as X-rays.
Metal detectors are detectors.
Metal detectors are expensive and controversial.
Metal detectors are fun to use, quick to find items in the sand or mud.
Metal detectors are located in jails.
Metal detectors are to be placed at the doors of the school building.
Metal detectors are very sensitive machines that are many times misunderstood.
Metal detectors can also find old tools and other objects of yesteryear, commonly called relics.
Metal detectors do create a false sense of security about keeping out unwanted objects.
Metal detectors flank the doors.
Metal detectors greet students daily.
Metal detectors have no effect.
Metal detectors pick up the metal of empty bullet shells-one reason why the job takes so long.
Metal detectors serve as a deterrent option.
Metal detectors turn up helmets and skeletons from the Battle of the Bulge.
Metal detectors use various technologies involving magnetic fields to detect the presence of metal.
Metal detectors wouldn t help.
All metal detectors have an audible note produced by the mixing of two oscillators.
A metal drum is a vessel
Metal drums function quite well as sawdust kilns- at least for a few firings.
Metal dust is combustible.
Metal edges give more traction but are dangerous with the dogs.
All metal edges are hemmed.
Metal fabrication is a project centered study.
Metal fabrication is one of the leading industries in Wisconsin, especially in Dodge County.
Metal fatigue can also cause breakage.
Metal films are best for blocking wood fumes.
Metal foil acts as reflectors.
Metal foil is an exciting alternative to the traditional covering materials used in books.
Metal foil shows diffraction effects.
Metal foil shows effects.
Most metal foil acts as reflectors.
Most metal foil shows diffraction effects.
Most metal foil shows effects.
Most metal forms cast in place are impossible to remove.
Most metal forms insulate oxide.
Most metal forms oxide.
Metal furniture is common.
Metal furniture is no longer in favour.
Metal furniture is the toughest, but the most uncomfortable.
Metal gates are easily pried open with a crow bar or tire iron.
Metal halide is a specialized type of bulb often used in commercial applications.
Metal halide is the dominant source for indoor industrial lighting today.
Metal halide is used in all but the budget range of projectors.
Metal halides are generally highly soluble.
Metal halides can be very expensive, hot, and consume much more energy than compact fluorescents.
Metal hydrides are a safe mobile storage method.
Metal hydrides are heavy, expensive, and release heat during the hydrogen absorption process.
Metal hydrides are intermetallic alloys that, when cooled, absorb hydrogen gas into a solid form.
Metal hydrides provide a means for safe, high-volume density hydrogen energy storage.
Some metal hydrides can store even more volume than liquid hydrogen.
Metal industries require the invention of agriculture and domesticated animals.
Metal ions are always slower.
Metal ions are important components in many proteins in enzymes.
Metal ions are larger and nucleophilic waters are smaller red spheres.
Metal ions become metals on contact with a cathode.
Metal ions can bind to inorganic or organic ligands, including organic macromolecules.
Metal ions can stabilize tertiary conformations of proteins and induce changes in protein structure.
Metal ions catalyze the hydrolysis reactions through complex formation.
Metal ions cause the color of many common and uncommon minerals.
Metal ions diffuse along grain boundaries, along the track surface or through the metal grains.
Metal ions move toward the cathode, and anions move toward anode.
Metal jacket facilitates rapid heating and cooling.
Metal markets are weaker, competition is stronger, and ore grades are off.
Metal metabolism is, therefore, subject to tight homeostatic regulation.
Metal music is usually in a minor key.
Metal objects are the best reflectors of microwaves.
Metal objects can affect the image, so avoid clothing with zippers and snaps.
Metal objects can become dangerous projectiles if they are taken into the scan room.
Metal objects can prematurely discharge the batteries.
Metal objects make the best conductors.
Metal objects sit lifelessly, lined up side by side in ranks.
Any metal object acts as an antenna for electromagnetic radiation, including microwaves.
Metal ores found in the earth, like gold and silver, are minerals.
Most metal ores require processing to produce one or more suitably pure products.
Metal oxides are one group of extra chemicals .
Metal oxides are one group of extra chemicals.
Metal oxides are used to manufacture resistors.
Most metal oxides are basic.
Metal plates adjust to accommodate most dot matrix foot patterns.
Metal plates are available in many colors.
Metal polishes are a better solution.
Metal pots at homes.
Metal pots conduct heat.
Metal pots hold water.
Metal powder is introduced into the void, melted, and then solidified.
Metal prices fall.
Metal prices make a difference.
Metal recycling is accomplished through collection points in a number of company facilities.
Metal recycling is covered in a separate Key Note report.
Much metal recycling is done by the automotive, auto parts and similar large product industries.
Metal roof covers all, including carport.
Metal roofs are attractive.
Metal roofs are especially susceptible to snow slides.
Metal roofs are fire retardant, providing a unfriendly home to fire-blown embers.
Metal roofs are low maintenance and long lasting, resisting decay, discoloration and mildew.
Metal roofs are more expensive and are easily damaged if walked on incorrectly.
Metal roofs are normally of treated steel or less commonly of aluminium.
Metal roofs are very strong and durable.
Metal roofs assure adequate drainage from rain and snow.
Metal roofs have ability.
Metal roofs have superior weathertightness and are designed as water barriers.
Metal roofs meet a wide variety of design and performance needs.
Metal roofs offer trouble-free performance with little or no maintenance time or expense.
Most metal roofs have ability.
Metal roofing has excellent performance in wind resistance, water, snow, and ice shedding.
Metal roofing is fireproof which makes it a lot safer.
Metal roofing is non-combustible and provides fire resistance.
Metal sheet is more easily deformed than a metal girder.
Metal sheets are awkward and slippery.
All metal sheets go through a cutting station with two cutting machines.
Metal signs offer an excellent medium for all types of signs.
Metal spinning is a dying craft.
Metal spinning is much more than just bending metal.
Metal spoons are ideal for serving food.
Metal stars tie the wall to the opposite side of the house.
Metal sulfides are generally insoluble in water.
Metal sulfides are generally insoluble.
Metal tape is more expensive but is the tape of choice for the highest fidelity recordings.
Metal tape is supplied for making minor repairs to the duct if needed.
Metal tapes suffer from kinks and are easily broken.
Metal type is a thing of the past.
Metal type is extra.
Metal type is replaced by, first phototypesetters, and then digital typefaces.
Metal wire acts as conductors.
Metal wires quench the electrical fire.
Most metal wire acts as conductors.
Some metal wire carries electricity.
Metal work is the best stainless available.
Metal work is used in interior decoration also.
Metal workers sweat over crucibles and moulds, working copper, silver, gold and alloys.
Metal workers use small propane tanks to fuel their cutting torches and other equipment.
Some metal workers aid in the construction of large buildings and bridges.
Some metal workers learn the trade informally on the job without completing an apprenticeship.
Metal zippers are better than plastic.
Metal absorbs heat.
Metal absorbs the radiated RF energy and prevents it from reaching the key tag.
Metal associated is quicksilver or mercury.
Metal attracts electricity.
Metal beads accenting one side.
Metal becomes conductors.
Metal bellows seals have a problem unless a damper is designed into the product.
Metal bellows seals require another solution.
Metal bellows seals re-quire some other dampening method.
Metal bellows seals.
Metal binding by the protein is transduced into a capacitance change.
Metal can be subtle or bold.
Metal can or ad for Snowdrift oil or shortening.
Metal carbenes in organic synthesis.
Metal casting jigs are deadly for barracuda and sometimes for yellowtail and tuna.
Metal causes sparks in the microwave oven that can char parts of the sample.
Metal chelates in gas chromatography.
Metal clashing against metal, wood or concrete all sounds appropriate .
Metal clasp Strong and durable.
Metal combines with elements.
Metal combines with other elements.
Metal comes in so many thicknesses.
Metal conducts electricity well.
Metal conducts electricity, can be super heated, frozen, or rusted.
Metal conducts electricity.
Metal conducts electricity.
Metal conducts heat much better than peeps.
Metal conducts heat.
Metal contains foreign particles.
Metal contains irons.
Metal contains substances.
Metal crashes on metal as a computer case is thrown into a bin.
Metal crimp strain relief.
Metal cuffs like the real thing but covered with faux fur for maximum comfort.
Metal cutting generally leaves a sharp burr.
Metal cutting with a laser is a very different process.
Metal decorating tips are available in a variety of sizes which are categorized by number.
Metal desks hard to work around.
Metal die samples and resulting glass impressions.
Metal does have edges, which, when left unfinished, can be sharp.
Metal does something.
Metal drops like rain.
Metal engraving usually on zinc plates using a sand let and a stencil.
Metal expands when heated.
Metal expands when warm and contracts when cool.
Metal facing, securely bonded to the frame provides dynamic stregth.
Metal fittings on the corners are original.
Metal fixing brackets are hot dipped galvanized.
Metal flashing on chimneys and above windows can redirect that potentially destructive water too.
Metal flashing with baked-on enamel coating is available in some areas.
Metal flows at right angles to the ram force, increasing diameter and reducing length.
Metal flows like putty, or simply vaporises.
Metal flues from the stoves extended up through the chimney flues to exhaust the combustion gases.
Metal folding chairs and a patio table make up the office.
Metal forming theory Compare the metal shearing process with the metal forming process.
Metal forming, casting, quenching, and joining are among the processes being studied.
Metal forms compounds.
Metal forms insulate oxide.
Metal forms oxide.
Metal framing for the walls and floors provide stability and limits the destruction of trees.
Metal freezes, wood buckles and the ground is no longer a soft cushion to fall upon.
Metal handle and shaft.
Metal handle features fancy sculptured brass designs.
Metal handle for easy access.
Metal has (part) atoms.
Metal has antimicrobial properties.
Metal has applications.
Metal has atomic radii.
Metal has charge carrier density.
Metal has conductivity.
Metal has density.
Metal has different applications.
Metal has different density.
Metal has different resistance values.
Metal has different values.
Metal has electrical conductivity.
Metal has electrochemical potential.
Metal has low density.
Metal has many applications.
Metal has many different applications.
Metal has negative potential.
Metal has physical properties.
Metal has potential.
Metal has properties.
Metal has radii.
Metal has ranges.
Metal has resistance values.
Metal has thermal conductivity.
Metal has values.
Metal helps determine product characteristics such as hardness, color and refractoriness.
Metal hydrides Oxidative addition and reductive elimination.
Metal includes aluminum.
Metal includes lead.
Metal is an element
Metal is capable of burns.
Metal is conductors.
Metal is desirable but plastic is ok.
Metal is harder than plastic.
Metal is heavies.
Metal is inanimate objects.
Metal is located in cars.
Metal is located in instruments.
Metal is located in ore.
Metal is located in steel.
Metal is music style.
Metal is music.
Metal is solids.
Metal is used for castings.
Metal is used for machinery.
Metal is used for machinings.
Metal is used for makes.
Metal is used for melting.
Metal is used for strength.
Metal isa element.
Metal kill beyond little brother if shout adidas price of sneaker.
Metal kill beyond little brother if shout spartans jackets.
Metal kill beyond little brother if shout yonex badminton.
Metal lasts longer and is usually less expensive to install.
Metal lasts longer than shingles and rolled roofing.
Metal lasts longer, hits farther but costs more initially.
Metal laying boxes are noisy.
Metal locking legs support it at waist level.
Metal looks dull gray to black.
Metal match with tinder, or other alternate means of fire starting.
Metal meets metal and the bus loses badly.
Metal moves more than nonmetallic building elements, such as wood or concrete.
Metal nailing strips conform to curb irregularities and angles.
Metal objects in a magnetic field affect it.
Metal objects such as coins or keys can short out the battery.
Metal objects too.
Metal pin on back of cap.
Metal plate around a keyhole.
Metal produces a very different sound from that of wood.
Metal produces water, and water represents money.
Metal prongs to attach.
Metal pull pin.
Metal racks front and rear.
Metal rails for the trolley.
Metal reacts violently with oxidants.
Metal reacts with acid.
Metal reduces Earth because earth is exhausted in the process of producing metal.
Metal retains it shape and finish far longer than that of wooden cribs.
Metal runs out because, like any other resource, there's only a finite amount available.
Metal rusts easily in the humid and wet climate of Japan so nails can have a short life span.
Metal rusts quickly in a cave.
Metal rusts when it oxidizes.
Metal rusts, and rubber bands disintegrate.
Metal scraping metal interrupts the night's serenading crickets and frogs.
Metal seeks a connection with the heavens.
Metal shards from blown up tanks.
Metal shavings from lathing operations can injure faces and hands, resulting in lost work time.
Metal shavings in the residue indicate significant internal damage.
Metal shows up blue.
Metal siding to radio waves is like tank amour to bullets.
Metal slips more easily than nylon.
Metal sounds rinkel and electronics play a small backgrond role.
Metal stand fits conveniently on a desk at school or home.
Metal stand with maker's chip tray and levelling blocks.
Metal stands for mineral, gold, jewelry, iron, rock or something hard.
Metal stands, with their weight and density, tend to perform better than wooden stands.
Metal striking metal can also be a source of sparking.
Metal strips on stall doors and electrical fencing can help prevent damage to wood.
Metal substitutes for canvas and paper, too.
Metal tell Bottle past sorrow of either adida soccer cleats but being aside a water.
Metal tell Bottle past sorrow of either pro kennex tennis rackets but being aside a water.
Metal tell Bottle past sorrow of either ravens merchandise but being aside a water.
Metal tell Bottle past sorrow of either unc basketball jerseys but being aside a water.
Metal tell Bottle past sorrow of either yellow jackets apparel but being aside a water.
Metal tends to go faster than snow, while wood tends to go slower.
Metal turns to rust via oxidation.
Metal walk against the ocean although recognize bmw convertible.
Metal wear to reverse.
Metal work around the supply inlet is most likely to be earthed for protective purposes.
Metal works best to conduct the heat to the water containers.
Metal works with key.
Metal worn by caster remains in place.
Metal zip up back.
Metal zipper up back.
Metals accumulate in topsoil and poison crops, food, and important soil microbial groups.
Metals affect the flavors of coffee and tea.
Metals also become more toxic in highly acid soils.
Metals also expand and contract due to temperature change.
Metals also have considerable elasticity.
Metals also have the physical properties of magnetism and malleability.
Metals analyses by atomic absorption spectrophotometry is also available.
Metals appear in the municipal solid waste stream from a variety of sources.
Metals are a dicier proposition.
Metals are a fraction of the cost of solid cast metal.
Metals are a special problem for treatment plants as lead, cadmium in Milwaukee.
Metals are acid-etched or anodized using sulfuric, phosphoric, or chromic acids.
Metals are also easily recyclable at numerous locations in King County.
Metals are among the most abundant elements in nature.
Metals are an important component of urban run off and are attributed to water quality degradation.
Metals are around in most rivers in trace amounts.
Metals are called as solids that are crystalline in nature.
Metals are colored because the absorption and re-emission of light are dependent on wavelength.
Metals are commodities.
Metals are comparatively malleable, optically reflective, and electrically conductive.
Metals are conductive, whereas nonmetals are resistant.
Metals are conductors of electricity.
Metals are considered as good conductors of electricity.
Metals are constructed from positive ions in a sea of electrons.
Metals are crystaline because their atoms are arranged in a regular sequence.
Metals are crystalline when in the solid form.
Metals are different from insulators.
Metals are different than other materials in that they store heat energy as wiggling electrons.
Metals are ductile and absorb energy through plastic deformation.
Metals are ductile, malleable, electrically conductive and thermally conductive.
Metals are ductile.
Metals are durable.
Metals are easy and cheap to form and stamp.
Metals are elastic materials that can only withstand a certain number of stress cycles.
Metals are electro-positive elements and form complex salts.
Metals are elements that generally have good electrical and thermal conductivity.
Metals are elements that usually conduct heat and electricity and are shiny.
Metals are elements whose atoms easily lose their outer electrons.
Metals are especially good at conducting heat because they have electrons in.
Metals are essential components of life, but are harmful when present in excess.
Metals are even easier to cut.
Metals are excellent conductors of both heat and electricity.
Metals are excellent conductors of heat, whereas air is very poor conductor of heat.
Metals are expensive to treat and dispose.
Metals are extremely versatile materials.
Metals are frequently present in active centers of enzymes.
Metals are generally good conductors of electricity, have high thermal conductivity.
Metals are generally very good conductors, meaning they let current flow easily.
Metals are giant structures of atoms held together by metallic bonds.
Metals are good at moving heat .
Metals are good at moving heat.
Metals are good conductors due to low resistance.
Metals are good conductors for electricity and heat, they are ductile and malleable.
Metals are good conductors of electric current.
Metals are good conductors of electricity.
Metals are good conductors of heat , so water can freeze faster than in a plastic ice tray .
Metals are good conductors of heat and electricity.
Metals are good conductors of heat and plastic is a bad conductor of heat.
Metals are good conductors of heat, but non-metals and gases are usually poor conductors of heat.
Metals are good conductors of heat, but non-metals and gases are usually poor conductors.
Metals are good conductors of heat, so water can freeze faster than in a plastic ice tray.
Metals are good conductors of heat.
Metals are good conductors of thermal energy.
Metals are good conductors, both of electric charge and heat.
Metals are good conductors, while wood and rocks are example of nonconductive matter.
Metals are good conductors.
Metals are good electrical conductors because they have a high concentration of free electrons.
Metals are good electron donors, and nonmetals are good electron acceptors.
Metals are good reducing agents.
Metals are great but on a nanometer scale they react explosively with water.
Metals are hard and durable.
Metals are highly conductive and offer little resistance to electric currents.
Metals are highly soluble and mobile in surface and groundwater.
Metals are in fertilizers, sewage sludge, soils, groundwater, and from water distribution systems.
Metals are inherently good electrical conductors.
Metals are known as the best conductors due to their natural state.
Metals are left of the line, nonmetals are to the right.
Metals are located on the left side and the middle of the periodic table .
Metals are lustrous.
Metals are malleable and ductile in nature.
Metals are malleable and ductile.
Metals are malleable because their atoms are arranged in flat planes that can slide past each other.
Metals are malleable.
Metals are mined from the Earth.
Metals are much better conductors of heat than the rocky covering that Earth-like planets have.
Metals are naturally present throughout the Earth in varying-concentrations.
Metals are notorious for producing interesting chemical behavior.
Metals are of similar origin.
Metals are often shiny.
Metals are on the left of the line.
Metals are opaque, lustrous solids that are both malleable and ductile.
Metals are particularly strong inhibitors of the reactions.
Metals are polycrystalline.
Metals are probably the oldest toxins known to humans.
Metals are recyclable and as such remain available for future generations.
Metals are said to be malleable.
Metals are shiny and lustrous with a high density.
Metals are shiny because they reflect light well.
Metals are sonorous .
Metals are still extensively mined in Ireland.
Metals are the least electronegative of the elements.
Metals are the materials of choice for high reflectivity mirrors.
Metals are the most frequently identified pollutant in rivers and lakes.
Metals are thus good conductors of electricity.
Metals are thus very good conductors.
Metals are uniformly lustrous and, except for copper and gold, are silvery or greyish.
Metals are used to make objects because of the properties that they have.
Metals are usually conductors and non-metals are usually insulators.
Metals are usually good conductors of both, and their conductance coefficients are high.
Metals are usually inclined to form cations through electron loss.
Metals are usually malleable, ductile, and shiny.
Metals are usually shiny, malleable, hard and are good conductors of electricity and heat.
Metals are usually shiny.
Metals are usually solid substances at room temperature .
Metals are valuable.
Metals are very conductive compared to non metals.
Metals are very ductile .
Metals are very good conductors of heat, while air is very poor conductor of heat.
Metals are very useful to people.
Metals are, in fact, transparent to higher frequencies such as X-rays.
Metals are, in general, much better conductors of heat than insulators.
Metals become better conductors of electricity as the temperature is lowered.
Metals become more inferior as one progresses from head to the feet. .
Metals begin corroding.
Metals behave a little bit differently.
Metals behave differently than ceramics, and ceramics behave differently than polymers.
Metals belong to the awkward squad when it come to calculation.
Metals Build a metal box or building.
Metals buried in soil or marine conditions often suffer from biological corrosion.
Metals can also bond to cellular macromolecules in the human body.
Metals can be bent and shaped without breaking.
Metals can be either monatomic such as copper, or an alloy such as steel.
Metals can be heavy.
Metals can catch on fire when placed in a stream of fluorine.
Metals can conduct because the electrons are relatively free.
Metals can contaminate people's water from both the source and the distribution system.
Metals can easily be bent or hammered into shape.
Metals can easily be bent, machined, cast or extruded into shape.
Metals can form or be part of many different minerals.
Metals can linger in the environment and in human bodies for long periods of time.
Metals can react to dangerous products with other ions.
Metals can react with solutions to reduce ions.
Metals come from a variety of sources, including agriculture, industry and vehicles.
Metals come from minerals found in the Earth's crust.
Metals coming from urban runoff have several adverse impacts.
Metals Completely rinse tin and aluminum cans.
Metals concentrate in the body regions most compromised.
Metals conduct electricity .
Metals conduct electricity and heat well.
Metals conduct electricity by moving electrons throughout the substance.
Metals conduct electricity easily.
Metals conduct electricity very easily and have high conductivity - low resistivity .
Metals conduct electricity.
Metals conduct heat and electricity easily.
Metals conduct heat and electricity, are hard, deformable, shiny, etc.
Metals conduct heat energy .
Metals conduct heat much better then plastic or glass for example.
Metals conduct heat well.
Metals conduct or transfer heat very quickly.
Metals consist of a lattice of positive ions through which a cloud of electrons moves.
Metals contain free moving delocalized electrons.
Metals containing nickel give particularly strong signals for easy identification.
Metals corrode, paint cracks and chips, wood decays.
Metals covered include carbon steel, stainless steel, aluminum and cast iron.
Metals Describe the extraction of metals from ores and methods of consolidating metals.
Metals extracted by mining are durable and the most recyclable of all materials on earth.
Metals form a calx by giving off phlogiston.
Metals generally are Malleable.
Metals generally have a low electron affinity.
Metals grow stronger as they decline in value.
Metals have a larger thermal conductivity than wood and can more easily transfer heat to the hand.
Metals have a lustrous appearance and are electrical conductors.
Metals have a thermal expansion coefficient.
Metals have a whole bunch of physical properties that are similar.
Metals have an ability to form mixtures which are called as alloys.
Metals have characteristic properties that can be explained in terms of bonding.
Metals have fairly low resistivity and allow electricity to flow easily.
Metals have high melting and boiling points .
Metals have high melting and boiling points.
Metals have large specific heats, that is why they conduct heat well.
Metals have lots of electrons which can move freely, and therefore metals conduct electricity.
Metals have lots of free electrons that's why they are good conductor of electricity.
Metals have lots of freely moving electrons.
Metals have low electron affinities while nonmetals have high electron affinities.
Metals have low electronegativities since they have weak attraction for any shared electrons.
Metals have low electronegativity and are electron donors.
Metals have lower ionization energies than nonmetals.
Metals have many properties in common.
Metals have metallic bonds, which generate a giant structure.
Metals have naturally high surface energies provided by their oxide layers.
Metals have one, two, or three electrons in their outermost shell.
Metals have some advantages and disadvantages in paddles, though.
Metals have the capacity to reflect about ninety percent of light that falls on it.
Metals have thermal and electrical conduction in close proportion, unlike many non-metals.
Metals have very low absorption rates.
Metals have very low resistance.
Metals help the oils absorb oxygen after they are applied, resulting in hard films.
Metals hold eddy cur rents because they are better conductors.
Metals impart the reflective surface to mirrors.
Metals includes iron and steel, ferrous and nonferrous metals.
Metals just tend to be more efficent and non-metals less.
Metals lose electrons easily to form anions.
Metals lose electrons easily to form cations .
Metals lose electrons in chemical reactions, non-metals gain electrons or form covalent bonds.
Metals lose electrons more easily than nonmetals.
Metals make good conductors because only the electrons move in metal conductors.
Metals make good materials to measure.
Metals make up another materials group, specifically aluminum lithium and improved titanium alloys.
Metals make up the crucial components for machines, instruments, and structures.
Metals occur mainly on the left-hand side of the periodic table.
Metals offer good models to investigate magnetism in general.
Metals offer high electrical conductivity, excellent reflectivity and superior barrier properties.
Metals play a vital part in any war effort.
Metals play an important role in the dyeing of textiles.
Metals pose interesting problems.
Metals precipitate , creating chimneys of ore deposits.
Metals react by losing electrons.
Metals react vigorously and alkali metals ignite in NO .
Metals react with halogens to form halogen compounds which are stable in presence of water.
Metals react with non-metals to form ionic compounds in which the metal becomes positively charged.
Metals react with nonmetals to form ionic compounds.
Metals react with oxygen to form basic oxides.
Metals reflect light rather than transmitting or absorbing it.
Metals released from the slag can poison marine plants and animals.
Metals show a wide range of chemical and physical properties.
Metals sink and yet large ships are made of metal.
Metals surrounded by oxygen and other combustibles can ignite and be destroyed.
Metals tend to be more toxic at lower pH because they are more soluble.
Metals tend to be plastic because there are no directional or charge restrictions.
Metals tend to conduct heat well and they also heat up pretty quickly.
Metals tend to displace from solution other metals that have a lower standard potential.
Metals tend to have electrons in the outer layer of their atoms that are freely shared.
Metals tend to have high melting and boiling points because of the strength of the metallic bond.
Metals tend to lose electrons and form positive ions.
Metals therefore conduct electricity very easily.
Metals thus tend to adopt relatively simple structures.
Metals turn black when touched by the root.
Metals typically are strong, dense, and good conductors of both electricity and heat .
Metals typically conduct electricity and heat well, and they are malleable and ductile .
Metals typically form cations.
Metals typically have a low ionization energy.
Metals typically have many free electrons, and are good conductors.
Metals typically react with two, four, or six ligands.
Metals uptake by wetland plants is one potential point of entry into the food chain.
Metals use cold connecting methods of joining.
Metals used by the Korean craftsmen are traditional gold, silver, brass, neizilber and bronze.
Metals used for plating include chromium, nickel, tin, and zinc.
Metals used include copper, brass, and sterling silver.
Metals utensils conduct heat away and interfere with controlled crystallization.
Metals vary in their capacity to conduct heat.
Metals often crystallize in a three dimensional version of the hexagonal closest packed structure.
Metals often have a metallic lustre, which means that they're very shiny.
Metals often react with nonmetals to form ionic compounds .
Metals often release electrons from their outer energy level.
Metals often require etching and sanding then a wash or solvent wipe.
Metals usually are good conductors of heat and electricity.
Metals usually contain poisonous materials,including the soldering from tin cans.
Metals usually have a filled shell plus one or two extra electrons.
Metals usually have high densities.
Metals usually prefer to give up electrons to achieve a full shell.
Metals usually react to form positive ions.
All metal conducts electricity.
All metal has to be extracted from the earth.
All metal is chrome plated, wood is maple.
All metal is lacquered to prevent tarnish.
All metal is rusted.
All metals are always full of electrons.
All metals are attracted to magnets because they are able to create their own magnetic field.
All metals are conductive and require no preparation before being used.
All metals are conductors.
ALL metals are conductors.
All metals are electrically conductive.
All metals are full of movable charges.
All metals are mild steel or tubing.
All metals are more or less soluble in acid, but different metals are soluble in different acids.
All metals are persistent, can accumulate and cause toxic effects.
All metals can conduct electricity as they have a giant metallic structure.
All metals come from ore deposits found in the Earth's crust.
All metals conduct electricity well, but some better than others.
All metals corrode.
All metals emit electrons thermionically if they become hot enough.
All metals have a potential.
All metals have low emittances.
All metals have oxides that are basic, although some, such as aluminium, have amphoteric properties.
All metals have specific relative electrical potential.
All metals interact with the oxygen in the atmosphere in some way.
All metals react differently when exposed to soil for a long time.
All metals react with fluorine, but conditions vary with the metal.
Any metal alters the characteristics of the tuning and pattern in unpredictable ways.
Any metal is removed with a magnet and later disposed of in the cemetery grounds.
Any metal piping connected to non-corrodible tanks still requires corrosion protection.
Many metals absorb hydrogen.
Many metals are essential elements for life needed in minute amounts by organisms.
Many metals are good at donating electrons, thus fostering oxidation.
Many metals can affect the permanence of paper, or interfere with the paper manufacturing process.
Many metals can dissolve in mercury.
Many metals can do the same.
Many metals can tolerate significant plastic deformation before failing.
Many metals corrode in reaction to the oxygen in the air.
Many metals create the illusion of being colored.
Many metals dramatically lose all electrical resistance when they are chilled to low temperatures.
Many metals have allotropic crystalline forms that are stable at different temperatures.
Many metals have high strength, high stiffness, and have good ductility.
Many metals produce flame colors .
Many metals produce flame colors.
Many metals react with dilute acids, forming salts and giving off hydrogen.
Many metals react with oxygen to form oxides.
Many metals serve the gem carver.
Most metal absorbs heat.
Most metal becomes conductors.
Most metal conducts electricity.
Most metal conducts heat.
Most metal contains irons.
Most metal contains substances.
Most metal has antimicrobial properties.
Most metal has applications.
Most metal has atomic radii.
Most metal has conductivity.
Most metal has density.
Most metal has different applications.
Most metal has different density.
Most metal has different resistance values.
Most metal has different values.
Most metal has electrical conductivity.
Most metal has electrochemical potential.
Most metal has low density.
Most metal has many applications.
Most metal has many different applications.
Most metal has negative potential.
Most metal has physical properties.
Most metal has potential.
Most metal has properties.
Most metal has radii.
Most metal has ranges.
Most metal has resistance values.
Most metal has thermal conductivity.
Most metal has values.
Most metal includes aluminum.
Most metal includes lead.
Most metal reacts with acid.
Most metal sheds sacrifice quality and structural integrity for low price and quick assembly.
Most metals are able to conduct electricity .
Most metals are conductors of electricity.
Most metals are conductors.
Most metals are considered to be good conductors of electrical current.
Most metals are crystalline.
Most metals are electrical conductors.
Most metals are good conductors and materials such as plastic and rubber are good insulators.
Most metals are good conductors of heat and electricity.
Most metals are good conductors of heat and they are solids at room temperature.
Most metals are good conductors.
Most metals are good electrical conductors, and electric current can flow freely.
Most metals are gray in color.
Most metals are gray or silver.
Most metals are hard and they feel heavy.
Most metals are malleable and ductile and are, in general, denser than other substances.
Most metals are mixed with sulfur to form sulfide ores.
Most metals are of natural origin and a fundamental component of the earth's crust.
Most metals are opaque.
Most metals are pretty strong and hard.
Most metals are prone to oxidation in some form or another.
Most metals are strong , dense , and good conductors of both electricity and heat .
Most metals are strong, dense, and good conductors of both electricity and heat.
Most metals become extremely hot in seconds instead of minutes or hours in a typical furnace.
Most metals become poorer conductors when heated, and better conductors when cooled.
Most metals conduct electricity readily.
Most metals conduct electricity.
Most metals corrode rapidly with wet hydrogen iodide.
Most metals crystallize as they cool from a molten state to a solid form.
Most metals don t have both.
Most metals have a tendency to give up electrons.
Most metals have a very low electrical resistivity .
Most metals have a very low electrical resistivity.
Most metals have high melting points and all except mercury are solid at room temperature.
Most metals have smaller specific heats.
Most metals located in the p , d , and f sublevels can have more than one .
Most metals look shiny and are found in the earth's ground.
Most metals undergo similar reactions.
Much metal is exported to be reecycled.
Some metal causes health problems.
Some metal causes major health problems.
Some metal causes major problems.
Some metal causes problems.
Some metal combines with mercury.
Some metal combines with nonmetal.
Some metal has appearances.
Some metal has bonds.
Some metal has characters.
Some metal has dull appearances.
Some metal has low resistance.
Some metal has metallic appearances.
Some metal has poor solubility.
Some metal has resistance.
Some metal has solubility.
Some metal includes copper.
Some metal includes irons.
Some metal includes titanium.
Some metal is left attached to the top of the bell in the casting process.
Some metal is present.
Some metal reacts with air.
Some metal reacts with ceramic metal.
Some metal reacts with metal.
Some metal reduces effective resistance.
Some metal reduces effective thermal resistance.
Some metal reduces resistance.
Some metal reduces thermal resistance.
Some metal uses in plugs.
Some metal wear to back.
Some metals adopt different structures depending on the temperature.
Some metals affect the nervous system, especially heavy metals such as lead, mercury and manganese.
Some metals also interfere with certain enzymatic processes.
Some metals are better heat conductors than others.
Some metals are capable of forming ions with more than one electrical charge.
Some metals are common ingredients in pesticides and herbicides.
Some metals are conductors.
Some metals are essential for life and are naturally available in our food and water.
Some metals are essential for proper functioning of living organisms while others are nonessential.
Some metals are just more electrically conductive than others.
Some metals are light and bendable like copper and aluminum, which are often used to make wire.
Some metals are purified using their iodides.
Some metals are toxic and others can be damaging to the respiratory system.
Some metals become especially dangerous in powdered form, notably titanium .
Some metals can boil and burst into flames when placed in thermite , such as zinc .
Some metals can boil and burst into flames when placed in thermite, such as zinc.
Some metals can cause cancer.
Some metals can cause the aluminium to wear away through electrochemical corrosion of the hull.
Some metals can sustain huge deformations, a phenomenon called superplasticity.
Some metals decompose if heated sufficiently.
Some metals exhibiting great tensile strength are copper, iron, and platinum.
Some metals form positive ions in more than one oxidation state.
Some metals give off different colors of light when they are burned.
Some metals give only colorless or gray beads.
Some metals have better thermal disappation characteristics than others.
Some metals make better batteries than others.
Some metals melt at very high temps and are difficult to cast.
Some metals oxidize very easily, such as aluminum, titanium, and magnesium.
Some metals used in reel seats include steel, aluminum, nickel, and titanium.
Metalanguage is language
Metalanguage is the language used for the analysis of object language.
Metaled roads are present to approach most of the villages except few where there are no roads.
A metalhead is a fan
Metalheads are about chaos but tend to break their own music up in very distinct categories.
Metalinguistic ability is the capacity to think about and talk about language.
Metalinguistic awareness is highly related to reading development of Chinese children.
Metalized bags consist of a metalized plastic, specially made to enhance and maintain freshness.
Metallic accents trim rich brocades, peau de soie, velvet, and silk dupioni.
Metallic accessories complete the sexy-cool effect.
Metallic alloys employed seems too sensitive to humidity.
Metallic antimony is an extremely brittle metal of a flaky, crystalline texture.
Metallic antimony is precipitated from solutions by hydrogen at high temperature and pressure.
Metallic antimony is relatively non-toxic, but most antimony compounds are poisonous.
Metallic antimony reacts with iron at the melting point of the former.
Metallic balloons can be dangerous if they come in contact with power lines.
Metallic beetles possess exoskeletons.
Most metallic beetles possess exoskeletons.
Metallic blue is brilliant in the sunlight.
A metallic bond is a bond
Metallic bonds are found in metals like zinc.
Metallic bonds are omnidirectional.
Metallic bonds occur between metal atoms.
Metallic bonds occur when electrons are shared among all the atoms.
Metallic casing adds too much weight for portable applications.
Metallic cerium is found in an alloy with iron that is used in flints for cigarette lighters.
Metallic character reduces while going from left to right in a period.
Many metallic chlorides liberate chlorine when treated with sulphuric acid and manganese dioxide.
Many metallic chlorides liberate hydrogen chloride gas when warmed with concentrated sulphuric acid.
Metallic chromium is mined for use in steel and other metal products.
Metallic chromium is prepared by reduction of the oxide by aluminum or by carbon.
Metallic clips can corrode and leave rust stains on the paper surface.
Most metallic coatings suffer oxidation during normal thermal spraying in air.
Metallic colors are difficult to match during re-painting.
Metallic colors shown immediately below are the brighter, shinny foil type.
Metallic components are incompatible with the fuel cell chemistry or are poisonous to the catalyst.
Metallic conductors have shapes.
Most metallic conductors have shapes.
Metallic containers work well as metal strengthens water.
Metallic crystals are malleable and can be shaped by hammering.
Metallic currency is thoroughly boring.
Metallic dysprosium is bright silver in color and when combined tends to form greenish-yellow salts.
Metallic effects are very convincing.
A metallic element is an element
Metallic elements are also capable of being in several non-metallic forms.
Metallic elements are chemical elements.
Metallic elements have weaker attractions for electrons than the nonmetals.
Metallic elements react with elements.
Metallic elements react with nonmetallic elements.
Metallic elements tend to lose their outermost electrons.
Most metallic elements react with elements.
Most metallic elements react with nonmetallic elements.
Metallic fabrics have no problems being carefully hand-washed in cool water.
Metallic fibers can come in many forms including braids, ribbons, and chains.
Some metallic fiber has applications.
Metallic finishes continue to age naturally.
All metallic frames suit black skins.
Metallic glasses are of fundamental as well as technical interest.
Metallic glasses are unique.
Metallic glasses differ from conventional metals in that they lack crystalline structure.
Metallic gold produces pink.
Metallic hydrogen appears more like mercury.
Metallic hydrogen is known to exist in the cores of Jupiter and Saturn .
Metallic hydrogen is known to exist in the cores of Jupiter and Saturn.
Many metallic images are gradients.
Metallic imprint makes a bold statement.
Metallic impurities limit performance.
Most metallic impurities limit performance.
Metallic inclusions are sparse, and very fresh.
Metallic inks add a vibrancy and luminosity to any image.
Metallic inks are especially brilliant in their shine.
Metallic inks contain tiny flakes of metal that reflect light.
Metallic inks work best on coated paper, which is more reflective.
Metallic ions play a fundamental role in many life processes.
Metallic jets are useful for many applications including plate cutting and well drilling.
Metallic lead is a soft, malleable, ductile metal.
Metallic lines become noticeable.
Metallic lithium is silvery in appearance.
Metallic lithium is soluble in short chain aliphatic amines, like etilamine.
Metallic luster is obvious and is classed as either bright or dull.
Metallic mercury is a hazardous material that can vaporize at room temperature.
Metallic mercury is a shiny, silver-white, odorless liquid.
Metallic mercury is considered a recyclable, rather than hazardous waste.
Metallic mercury is highly toxic by skin absorption, inhalation, and ingestion.
Metallic mercury is highly toxic.
Metallic mercury is in an ampoule attached to a bimetal sensing element.
Metallic mercury is one example.
Metallic mercury is used in thermometers, fluorescent bulbs, and barometers.
Metallic mercury is used in thermometers.
Metallic mercury passes into the brain and fetus.
Metallic micrometeorites are usually iron or iron and nickel and can be collected with a magnet.
Metallic minerals are hydrophobic, which means they resist interaction with water.
Metallic minerals are very important to most Saharan countries .
Metallic minerals are very important to most Saharan countries.
Metallic minerals shine like metal, while non-metallic minerals vary greatly in their appearance.
Metallic mining is regulated under ch.
Metallic nickel is used in some industries and is also found in stainless steel products.
Metallic ores contain metals, such as copper, aluminum, gold, silver, and iron.
Much metallic ore is present in the surrounding hillsides and on the site.
Metallic osmium is hard, brittle and very difficult to make.
Metallic paints are also extremely difficult to touch-up.
Metallic paints contain small flecks of metal which enhance the effect of the wave motion.
Metallic paints seem to suffer much worse than others, especially silver.
Metallic palladium has a remarkable ability to absorb hydrogen.
Metallic particulates conduct electricity.
Metallic pipe is strong, easy to work with, and inexpensive.
Metallic pipes can corrode when placed in poorly aerated, poorly drained soils of low resistivity.
Metallic plutonium has few civil uses.
Metallic plutonium is a fire hazard, especially if the material is finely divided.
Metallic pole ends fitted with nylon grip handles.
Metallic properties increases from the top down the periodic table.
Metallic resins work well on extremely dark-colored stocks.
Metallic resources form an integral part of the raw materials that fuel our modern economic society.
Metallic restorations are very opaque.
Metallic salts are typical examples of crystalline forms.
Metallic scales are present around the black spots.
Metallic silicones are prepared from silica.
Metallic silver is a powerful medicine that has protected humanity for thousands of years.
Metallic silver is black.
Metallic sodium has limited use.
Metallic sodium is dissolved in the mix and toxins are neutralized almost immediately.
Metallic sodium is vital in the manufacture of esters and in the preparation of organic compounds.
Metallic sodium is vital in the manufacture of organic compounds.
Metallic soldiers wait.
Metallic sound is most effective to cure the star causing sickness.
Metallic sparkle is a narrow strip within the pom.
Metallic structure attenuates signals much more than wood, cement or plaster.
Any metallic substance can affect the quality of the diagnostic images.
Metallic tantalum is a very promising candidate.
Metallic themes continue with a new twist.
Metallic thread works FINE for hand quilting.
Metallic threads are available for an additional cost.
Metallic threads are great for decorative accents and embellishments.
Metallic threads are only available in a limited number of color choices.
Metallic threads can be very hard on scissors.
Metallic threads look shiny.
Many metallic threads have a highly reflective sparkly surface.
Metallic thulium is relatively expensive and has only recently become available.
Metallic uranium occurs naturally in tiny quantities.
Some metallic walls can reflect a small diffuse amount of lighting.
Metallic xenon is produced by applying several hundred kilobars of pressure.
Metallic zinc has many uses in industry.
Metallic zinc is also mixed with other metals to form alloys such as brass and bronze.
A metallic is cloth
Metallic appears again to have dominant nature of the material.
Metallic foils in many colors.
Metallic ware clearly represents a unique source group.
Metallics are fabric.
Metallics are flashy, but again, test for snagging and scratching.
Metallics are good news, especially graphite, dark metallic blue and metallic red.
Metallics are important since they're a reflection of technology.
Metallics are possible but are difficult to apply on complex moulds without a 'shadowing' effect.
Metallics are thread.
Metallics are very popular fabrics during the holiday season.
Metallics can also be great, especially when the sun is shining on the water.
Metallics can be hard to work with.
Metallics care about digicash, the electronic stuff.
Metallics cost more and are worth it.
Metallics have small silver or colored aluminum particles in the color coat.
Metallics make great die cuts for certain designs such as champaigne flutes and firecrackers.
Metallics reflect back little silver specks.
Metallics work with almost everything, too.
Metallized coatings expand and contract at a rate more similar to the base metal compared to paint.
Metallized coatings provide corrosion protection to steel by sacrificial and barrier protection.
Metallized coatings provide the benefit of defect tolerance.
Metallized dye is acid dye
Metallized dyes are forms of acid dyes in which the negative ion contains a chelated metal atom.
Metallized nylon comes in white or silver.
Metallized papers contain a thin plastic coating which is thermally sensitive.
Metallized sachets are easy to dispense and easy to store.
Metallographical tests show a plastic deformation and a reduction of the grain size.
Some metallurgical applications begin to appear in United States.
Most metallurgical companies carry a conductive hot-press material.
A metallurgical engineer is an engineer
Metallurgical engineers work with metal only.
Metallurgical testing includes, mechanical, destructive and corrosion testing.
A metallurgist is an engineer
Metallurgists also make use of it in the desulfurization of cast nickel.
Metallurgists are engineers.
Metallurgists are in great demand across the country.
Metallurgists use many tools to know what to do to the metal .
Metallurgists use many tools to know what to do to the metal.
Metallurgists work to make the metal good when they are used .
Metallurgists work to make the metal good when they are used.
Metalorganic solutions produce a narrow range of fine grained material.
Metals industries applaud overturn of ergonomics regs.
Metals ores found in the earth, like gold and silver, are minerals.
A metalwork is a formation
Metalwork is brass.
Metalwork is duplicated in annealed iron or nails left in their natural state.
Metalwork is evenly polished to a high luster, whether blued or color casehardened.
Metalwork is in brass and can be nickel-plated if required.
Metalwork is nickel-plated brass.
Metalworks are artifacts.
Metalworks are work.
Most metalwork is brass plate on steel.
Metalworking fluids are among our most profitable products.
Many metalworking fluids are, or contain, substances hazardous to health.
Metamaterial antennas are a class of antennas that use metamaterials to improve performance.
Metamatrix facility offers the only true architecture for metadata in the marketplace.
Metameric segmentation is thought to have arisen as an adaptation to more efficient locomotion.
Metamorphic minerals form under pressure and often from remelting of the parent rock.
Metamorphic petrology is more than simply determining the peak metamorphic pressure and temperature.
Metamorphic quartzite is attractive, stackable and harder than granite.
Most metamorphic reactions are very slow or sluggish, especially at low temperatures.
A metamorphic rock is a stone
Metamorphic rocks are almost always harder than sedimentary rocks.
Metamorphic rocks are complex.
Metamorphic rocks are formed by rocks coming under great pressure and high temperatures.
Metamorphic rocks are formed when great heat and pressure change other rocks.
Metamorphic rocks are often very hard and resistant.
Metamorphic rocks are rare in Kansas.
Metamorphic rocks are records of heat flow through the orogen.
Metamorphic rocks are rocks formed by the alteration of preexisting rocks deep within the Earth.
Metamorphic rocks are rocks that have been changed by heat or pressure while forming.
Metamorphic rocks are rocks.
Metamorphic rocks are stones.
Metamorphic rocks are the result of the dynamic nature of our Earth.
Metamorphic rocks are the third great class of rocks.
Metamorphic rocks are VERY uncommon in Iowa.
Metamorphic rocks are wrought from the altera- tion of other rocks.
Metamorphic rocks begin as either igneous rocks or sedimentary rocks.
Metamorphic rocks can be themselves metamorphosed or remetamorphosed.
Metamorphic rocks can begin as igneous, sedimentary or other metamorphic rocks.
Metamorphic rocks can begin as sedimentary, igneous or metamorphic.
Metamorphic rocks can change with heat and pressure.
Metamorphic rocks can change without melting.
Metamorphic rocks can form from either sedimentary or igneous rocks.
Metamorphic rocks can form from preexisting metamorphic rocks.
Metamorphic rocks change in the solid state by replacement or rearrangement of molecules.
Metamorphic rocks come from all types of rock, igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic rocks.
Metamorphic rocks come in a poor third.
Metamorphic rocks form at depths of a few to many kilometers below the Earth's surface.
Metamorphic rocks form at high pressure and temperature by causing new minerals to grow.
Metamorphic rocks form only by an increase in temperature.
Metamorphic rocks tend to break or cleave most easily along planes parallel with foliation.
Metamorphic rocks tend to have higher density than the original rock due to pressure and heat.
Metamorphic rocks yield water in substantial quantities only where they have been fractured.
All metamorphic rocks have one thing in common, time.
Many metamorphic rocks contain large and beautiful crystals.
Metamorphic schist is harder than iron.
Most metamorphic textures involve foliation.
Metamorphic viruses are nothing new.
Metamorphism causes changes in the texture and mineralogy of other rocks.
Metamorphism is a geologic process
Metamorphism is a process which occurs within the crust of the Earth.
Metamorphism is geological processes.
Metamorphism isa process.
Metamorphism occurs below the surface zones of weathering and cementation.
Metamorphism takes place in a variety of geologic settings.
Metamorphism takes place in the rock surrounding the magma body because of heat dissipation.
Some metamorphism takes places.
A metamorphopsia is disability
Metamorphopsia is distortion of a visual image and is commonly described by patients as waviness.
Metamorphopsia is the distortion of visual images in their size, shape, and color.
Metamorphosed basalt is greenstone.
Metamorphosed individuals feed primarily on terrestrial insects.
Metamorphoses are a relatively common event.
Metamorphoses creates a visually arresting contemporary play about the power of love to transform.
Metamorphoses is one.
Metamorphosis allows an arthropod to be two or more different animals.
Metamorphosis also happens in animals other than insects.
Metamorphosis can happen to igneous rocks as well.
Metamorphosis can only evolve in relation to direct development .
Metamorphosis consists of developmental phases.
Metamorphosis consists of five parts.
Metamorphosis consists of phases.
Metamorphosis continues from prepupa to pupa to adult.
Metamorphosis describes the changes that the majority of insects go through during their life cycle.
Metamorphosis features a vast assortment of highly creative remix grooves that defy description.
Metamorphosis has life stages.
Metamorphosis has stages.
Metamorphosis involves a complete change in appearance in an organisms development.
Metamorphosis involves a major reorganization of the immune system as well as other organ systems.
Metamorphosis involves modification.
Metamorphosis is a big word that means changing from one form into another.
Metamorphosis is a change in form from one stage to the next of an organism.
Metamorphosis is a developmental process that leads to dramatic changes in shape and form.
Metamorphosis is a disease that rabbits catch.
Metamorphosis is a female figure enveloped with tracery that suggests a cocoon.
Metamorphosis is a good topic for introducing the format of a flow chart as a graphic illustrator.
Metamorphosis is a Greek word that means to transform .
Metamorphosis is a key element in Greek mythology.
Metamorphosis is a marked or abrupt change in form or structure.
Metamorphosis is a powerful process that can alleviate further stress on the planet and in the home.
Metamorphosis is a process some animals go through to become adults.
Metamorphosis is a stunning feat of genetic engineering.
Metamorphosis is a translation
Metamorphosis is a way of reeducating the subconscious mind.
Metamorphosis is an important technique in film animation .
Metamorphosis is an on-line game to determine type.
Metamorphosis is between gradual and complete.
Metamorphosis is books.
Metamorphosis is complete, and the larvae are usually without legs.
Metamorphosis is complete, i.e., development is in four stages.
Metamorphosis is complete, the life stages being the egg, larva pupa, and adult.
Metamorphosis is complete, the life stages being the egg, larva, pupa, and adult.
Metamorphosis is complete, the life stages being the egg, larvae, pupa, and adult.
Metamorphosis is complete.
Metamorphosis is controlled by steroid hormones, which alter gene expression in target cells.
Metamorphosis is development by radical change.
Metamorphosis is directed by a single steroid hormone called ecdysone.
Metamorphosis is especially common in insects.
Metamorphosis is gradual, the life stages being the egg, nymph, and adult.
Metamorphosis is incomplete and when the eggs hatch they are just a smaller version of later stages.
Metamorphosis is incomplete, the life stages being the egg, naiad, and adult.
Metamorphosis is incomplete, the life stages being the egg, naiad, and adults.
Metamorphosis is incomplete.
Metamorphosis is one.
Metamorphosis is probably the most exciting time in the process of raising young newts.
Metamorphosis is quite a process.
Metamorphosis is rapid and they have a well-developed capacity to retain water.
Metamorphosis is rapid.
Metamorphosis is simple with three stages of development.
Metamorphosis is slow and takes approximately nine months.
Metamorphosis is taught world wide and is well known and respected in Europe and Australia.
Metamorphosis is the change that occurs during the organism's development from egg to adult.
Metamorphosis is the changing of one object into another.
Metamorphosis is the drastic change that occurs in a butterfly's appearance and habits.
Metamorphosis is the name of a well-known magic illusion.
Metamorphosis is the process by which an organism grows from being an egg to becoming an adult .
Metamorphosis is the process of changing stages from egg to adult in insects.
Metamorphosis is the process that signifies the end of the larval stage.
Metamorphosis is the process that the insects undergo to change from egg to adult.
Metamorphosis is the scientific word for change.
Metamorphosis is the transformation from an egg into an adult.
Metamorphosis is transformation.
Metamorphosis is typically radical and occurs during settlement onto the benthos.
Metamorphosis isa process.
Metamorphosis keeps life stages from competing directly with each other.
Metamorphosis means a change from one form to another during the life of an animal or plant.
Metamorphosis means a change in the body form of an organism.
Metamorphosis normally occurs in the early fall.
Metamorphosis occurs and in a matter of days the adult fly emerges.
Metamorphosis occurs in amphibians.
Metamorphosis occurs when the fish assumes the general features of the juvenile.
Metamorphosis occurs within weeks.
Metamorphosis produces an inward change, while a drawing changes only the outward picture.
Metamorphosis starts to change the larva into an adult insect.
Metamorphosis starts to take place as the final instar matures.
Metamorphosis takes over five months and the froglets come out really small.
Metamorphosis takes place during a dormant stage called the pupa .
Metamorphosis takes place during the pupal stage.
Metamorphosis takes place during the summer months.
Metamorphosis takes place within days or weeks, depending on species and temperature.
Metamorphosis takes place.
Metamorphosis takes places.
Metamorphosis takes shapes, forms, and identity.
Most metamorphosis has life stages.
Most metamorphosis has stages.
Most metamorphosis involves modification.
Most metamorphosis occurs in amphibians.
Most metamorphosis occurs within weeks.
Most metamorphosis takes places.
Some metamorphosis involves destruction.
Some metamorphosis varies among individuals.
Metanephric adenoma lacks specific features but is always well defined.
Metanephric mesenchyme contains multipotent cells whose fate is restricted after induction.
Metaphase isa stage.
Some metaphase is part of meiosis.
Some metaphase is part of nondisjunction.
Metaphor abounds in Providence.
Metaphor can be a succinct communicator.
Metaphor carries the text to literature.
Metaphor comes up again.
Metaphor constitutes a ubiquitous, irreducibly complex aspect of any natural language.
Metaphor deserves a deeper account.
Metaphor does elaborate.
Metaphor establishes connections between unlike objects.
Metaphor gives meaning to form.
Metaphor gives no new information about reality.
Metaphor helps to release some of the anger.
Metaphor instills the learning of content or process on a very subtle, often subconscious level.
Metaphor involves transfer, here from domain of space to domain of deictic time.
Metaphor is an image
Metaphor is dead.
Metaphor is figures of speech.
Metaphor is tropes.
Metaphor lines the road to freedom, as symbols and words are the bricks and mortar of meaning.
Metaphor ruptures into the literal, like a riddle to be solved.
Metaphor works on many levels in poetry.
Metaphors abound in the movie, and the use is admirable.
Metaphors abound on and about the Internet.
Metaphors abound, allusions are everywhere, and the ideas of a true poet bubble up constantly.
Metaphors act as a sheperds to lead the audience onto the correct path of thought and mindset.
Metaphors affect the way people think and express their culture.
Metaphors appear in virtually all branches of discourse.
Metaphors are a good place to start.
Metaphors are a great way to express the author s thoughts in a different way.
Metaphors are a powerful way of thinking about complex ideas.
Metaphors are a special form of presentation natural to many cultures.
Metaphors are a way to describe something.
Metaphors are always capable of being drawn, i.e. they are objects.
Metaphors are always limited, and subject to various interpretations.
Metaphors are ambiguous, and hence open to eternal re-interpretation.
Metaphors are an obvious draw for Web site designers.
Metaphors are attempts to identify an experience.
Metaphors are bridges that order the nature of our collective and individual humanity.
Metaphors are either structural in type or operational.
Metaphors are especially useful when they relate well to a user's or reader's experience.
Metaphors are figures of speech often used to describe the unfamiliar in terms of the familiar.
Metaphors are fixers of ideas.
Metaphors are important.
Metaphors are in fact a main concept of myths.
Metaphors are irrational.
Metaphors are like similes.
Metaphors are like that.
Metaphors are luxuriant, youthful, optimistic.
Metaphors are mixed with wild abandon.
Metaphors are more subtle.
Metaphors are often rich in symbols, complex and full of meaning.
Metaphors are one of the most beautiful ways to enrich writing.
Metaphors are only one of the many literary devices used in scripture.
Metaphors are personal constructs.
Metaphors are powerful things.
Metaphors are powerful tools.
Metaphors are real.
Metaphors are surprisingly durable.
Metaphors are symbolic words.
Metaphors are symbols and as such carry mythic power.
Metaphors are the lifeblood of language.
Metaphors are the manner in which unconscious fantasy is revealed on the stage of social reality.
Metaphors are the most striking evidence that humans think abstractly.
Metaphors are the organizing tool for cultural communication and political discourse.
Metaphors are therefore both descriptive and prescriptive.
Metaphors are useful since they connect complex concepts to understandable objects and events.
Metaphors are useful to get ideas across.
Metaphors are useful, but they can also constrain the user's view of the unique aspects of a system.
Metaphors are 'vertical' in nature.
Metaphors are very common examples.
Metaphors are ways of expressing the unfamiliar in familiar terms.
Metaphors are wonderfully literal.
Metaphors are word pictures.
Metaphors belong to the larger class of symbols.
Metaphors can also be strangely paradoxical.
Metaphors can be dangerous things .
Metaphors can be extremely useful for explaining functionality to users.
Metaphors can be rich in suggestion and meaning that goes beyond the obvious.
Metaphors can become catalysts of self-organization.
Metaphors can fuse form and function.
Metaphors can greatly enhance the usability of applications when properly used.
Metaphors can play different roles in different contexts and at different times.
Metaphors compare two things directly.
Metaphors connect two different ideas, persons, places, or things.
Metaphors describe a feeling, a situation or a behavioral pattern in a person.
Metaphors do that.
Metaphors do the same.
Metaphors embellish our language in the subtlety, power, and grace of literature.
Metaphors enrich our understanding, and have helped extend nonlinear thinking into new areas.
Metaphors express truth, but they work by suggestion, by connecting one thing with another.
Metaphors fly like crazy.
Metaphors go no deeper than a casual and general association.
Metaphors have a life of their own.
Metaphors have a profound effect on computing.
Metaphors have meaning.
Metaphors have the potential to bridge the gap between abstract and concreate information.
Metaphors have the tremendous advantage of being grounded in what is familiar, often at a gut level.
Metaphors illuminate both types of information.
Metaphors intensify and clarify meaning.
Metaphors invite people to think to fresh ways and to create new paradigms.
Metaphors lie at the essence of ideology and are the source of their structure and meaning.
Metaphors make a difference.
Metaphors make abstractions relatable so learning is fun.
Metaphors make an abstract concept concrete and understandable.
Metaphors make concepts easier to understand.
Metaphors make meaning.
Metaphors make our lives more interesting.
Metaphors obscure the doing.
Metaphors offer a tiny boost in learnability to first-time users, but at a tremendous cost.
Metaphors pile on metaphors in The Truman Show .
Metaphors provide an avenue for self-reflection as well as a means of transformation and learning.
Metaphors seem as much obfuscating as elucidating.
Metaphors serve as a lens to highlight certain features or make a particular point.
Metaphors use indirect comparisons, without the words 'like' or 'as'.
Metaphors use words to invoke imagery so complete as to be holographic in nature.
Metaphors used in the poem is given in italics .
All metaphor requires the user to first understand the metaphor.
All metaphors are lies, after all.
All metaphors are revelatory and inaccurate.
All metaphors have strengths and weaknesses.
ALL metaphors have the same format and share the same responses.
All metaphors limp, but all metaphors live as well.
Every metaphor breaks down at some point, however.
Every metaphor is a condensed simile.
Every metaphor ought to be treated as a quotation, if in the pillory is to be.
Many metaphors come to mind to describe it.
Many metaphors come to mind to describeit.
Some metaphors are disease-specific.
Some metaphors are incredibly powerful.
Some metaphors are unique to the individual much like in dream symbology.
Metaphoric comparisons are fundamentally directional.
Metaphoric language makes proverbs rich sources of new interpretations, new linkages.
Metaphorical blood flows everytime a writer receives a rejection slip from a paper-book publisher.
Some metaphorical interpretations are consistent throughout the Bible.
Metaphorical language is a surface manifestation of conceptual metaphor.
Metaphorical songs are songs which employ a lot of figurative language.
Metaphorical understanding has difficulty with some expressions.
Metaphorical understanding is grounded in nonmetaphorical understanding.
Metaphyseal irregularity takes the form of cupping or a 'V' shaped metaphyseal notch.
Metaphysics now rules.
Metaphysics raise many interesting points.
Metaphysics rest on an a posteriori basis of sensory experience.
Metaphysics simply means the way thought and physical reality interact.
Metaphysics thus is made dependent on the theory of knowledge.
Metaphysical absurdity falls on the nests, the sleep-flattened grass, like a chill.
Metaphysical assumptions are and have always been a necessary and unavoidable part of human life.
Metaphysical authority is a significant issue throughout the Scripture.
Metaphysical axioms are philosophical truths implicit in anything anyone says or does.
Metaphysical belief correlates in a behaviorally committed sample.
Metaphysical certitude is far superior to that given by moral and physical certitude.
Metaphysical energy has a power far beyond physical imaginations.
Metaphysical Experiences Read five manuscripts written with Automatic Writing.
Metaphysical healing is the preferred choice over medications when all parties are in agreement.
Metaphysical interpretation unveils the true scriptural teachings of male and female.
Metaphysical language is meaningless.
Metaphysical moments come thick and fast towards the end.
Metaphysical naturalists ought to begin by examining their epistemology .
Metaphysical necessity implies that a thing is what it is, viz.
Metaphysical necessity is absolute.
Metaphysical plagues waste our minds more assertively than physical disease violates our bodies.
Metaphysical poetry has a distinguishing feature, the conceit, which is an extended metaphor.
Metaphysical questions can become the subject of more specialized philosophical inquiry.
Metaphysical questions have a very broad scope.
Metaphysical rebellion is the answer to absurdity.
Most metaphysical shops offer only a few types of minerals.
Metaphysical speculation is a waste of time and energy.
Metaphysical speculation is about as pointless as a discussion on the meaning of one's lungs.
Metaphysical staff is selected by invitation only.
Metaphysical subjects are taboo both in science and religion.
Metaphysical teachings appeal to our desire for control.
Some metaphysical theories attempt to make sense out of all things which exist.
Metaphysical thought flows Much the same as the wind blows.
Metaphysical thought seems to have been killed by science.
Metaphysical treatment is as good as the beliefs which are supporting it.
Metaplastic change is reversible if smoking ceases.
A metaproterenol is a bronchodilator
Metaproterenol works at sites in the airways to relax the muscle and improve oxygen delivery.
Most metasearch engines have commercial backing.
A metastability is constancy
Metastabilities are constancy.
Metastability is a common phenomenon.
Metastability is a problem with all asynchronous, clocked designs.
Metastability is another related topic.
Metastability is the pragmatic manifestation of the paradox of change.
Metastability is unavoidable in asynchronous systems.
Metastable liquids can also exist under tension,that is to say, at negative pressures.
Metastable systems are okay.
Metastases are more common .
Metastases are more common.
Metastases are nodules of cancer away from the primary site.
Metastases are nodules of cancer that have moved away from the primary or initial site.
Metastases are present in two-thirds of patients at the time of presentation.
Metastases are rare, and tumor-related deaths are exceptional.
Metastases are rare.
Metastases are secondary tumours which have developed away from the original tumour site.
Metastases are spread via the bloodstream from tumors in other places in the body.
Metastases are usually present at the time of diagnosis.
Metastases can appear in any part of the body.
Metastases first occur in regional nodes and then the liver.
Metastases have a variable appearance following gadolinium administration.
Metastases occur early.
Metastasis are common.
Metastasis are only eligible for guarantee issue coverage.
Metastasis is a biological process
Metastasis is diseases.
Metastasis occurs via the bloodstream, or lymph system.
Metastases frequently originate from cancers of the breast or lung, and from melanomas.
Metastases usually consist of the adenocarcinomatous element.
Most metastases are multiple except for kidney which is frequently single.
Metastasized tumors account for most deaths from cancer.
Metastatic behavior is rare.
Metastatic calcification is common.
Metastatic calcification occurs in normal tissues with elevated serum calcium levels.
Metastatic cancer is cancer that has spread.
Metastatic cancer is different.
Metastatic cancer is treated with chemotherapy or hormone therapy .
Metastatic cancers can spread from their original location to other parts of the body.
Metastatic cells show defects in cell adhesion that correlate with altered syndecan expression.
Metastatic disease has a poor prognosis.
Metastatic disease is considered the only irrefutable proof of malignancy.
Metastatic disease is exceedingly uncommon and mortality is low.
Metastatic disease is managed according to the type of primary cancer.
Metastatic disease is most often the mechanism by which breast cancer becomes life-threatening.
Metastatic disease is the unfortunate consequence of a neglected renal tumor.
Metastatic disease occurs, but it is rare.
Metastatic lesion are less frequently calcified and often enhance.
Metastatic lesions are usually flat, multifocal, and often bilateral.
Metastatic lesions can erode the nasal septum or the hard palate or soft palate.
Metastatic lesions represent the most common cause of pathology fractures due to a neoplasm.
Metastatic lesions respond to chemotherapy or localized radiation therapy.
Metastatic melanoma indicates that cancer has spread throughout the body.
Metastatic melanoma means that the tumor has spread far from the eye, usually to the liver.
Metastatic neoplasms are due to secondary spread to the lymph nodes from an extra nodal site.
Metastatic spread is first to lymph nodes, and later, hematogenous.
Metastatic spread is uncommon.
Metastatic spread occurs early to other bones and lungs.
Metastatic spread occurs in a characteristic pattern.
A metastatic tumor is a tumor
A metastatic tumor is malignancy
Metastatic tumors appear as dark grey circles, which are readily apparent in the untreated mouse.
Metastatic tumors are more common.
Metastatic tumors are more likely to grow in some parts of the body than in others.
Metastatic tumors are the most common brain tumor discovered each year.
Metastatic tumors are the most common ocular neoplasms, more common than uveal melanomas.
Metastatic tumors form when large progressive tumors shed tumor cells.
Metastatic tumors have a better detection rate than primary tumors.
Metastatic tumors retain the primary tumor's tissue type.
A metatarsal is a bone
Metatarsals are the equivalent in the foot of the bones in the palm.
Most metatdata standards permit metadata to reside outside of the described resource.
MetaText editions organize text into conceptual units rather than arbitrary page breaks.
Metatheoretical frameworks used for analysis are social constructivism and critical theory.
Metathesis reactions employing alkali metal fluorides are the simplest.
Most metazoan cells are 'polarized'.
Metazoan regeneration is one of the least understood fundamental problems of biology.
Metazoan relationships are still far from clear.
A metazoan is an animal
Metazoans also have collagen.
Metazoans are animals.
Metazoans are multicellular animals with various types of cells organized into tissues and organs.
Metazoans comprise all of what are commonly referred to as animals.
Metazoans have an amazing ability to increase diversity through coevolution .
Metazoans possess complicated multicellular structure among the multicellularities of eukaryotes.
Metazoans use diverse and rapidly evolving mechanisms to determine sex.
A meteor shower is a physical phenomenon
All meteor showers have their own radiant.
Most meteor showers are active between midnight and dawn.
Most meteor showers are at their best after midnight.
Most meteor showers are spawned by comets.
Most meteor showers happen when Earth crosses the orbit of a comet.
Most meteor showers have their origins with comets.
Most meteor showers occur when a large asteroid falls to the earth.
Most meteor showers occur when the earth passes through the debris tail left behind by a comet.
Most meteor showers result from debris that that boils off a comet when it passes close to the sun.
Most meteor showers take place when the Earth passes through the debris left behind by a comet.
Some meteor showers produce about the same rate of meteors around the same date every year.
Meteor trails are longer-lasting.
Meteor trails diffuse quickly, however, resulting in a rapid decay in signal strength.
A meteor is a natural object
Meteor isa light.
Meteors appear as streaks of light zipping across the sky.
Meteors appear in random spots in the sky and can go from horizon to horizon.
Meteors appear in the sky for only a second or two and range in brightness from very dim to extreme.
Meteors are a stand-alone topic, requiring a minimum of background.
Meteors are actually chunks of rock and dust, left by passing comets.
Meteors are also easy to image.
Meteors are atmospheric.
Meteors are bits of space rock left in the wakes of passing comets.
Meteors are brief streaks of light that shoot across the sky.
Meteors are bright streaks of light seen briefly in the sky.
Meteors are companies.
Meteors are defined as small astro- nomical bodies that flash across the sky.
Meteors are easier to see during the lower light conditions of night.
Meteors are easily observed - all that is required is a relatively dark and open location.
Meteors are examples of interplanetary objects that actually impact the earth.
Meteors are fragments of comets, planets, moons, or asteroids that have broken off.
Meteors are just a casual example.
Meteors are just small grains of interplanetary dust that enter the atmosphere at very high speeds.
Meteors are light.
Meteors are located in orbits.
Meteors are located in skies.
Meteors are located in solar systems.
Meteors are located in space.
Meteors are located in universes.
Meteors are longer-lasting warbling whistles.
Meteors are lumps of rock which are floating about in space .
Meteors are lumps of rock which are floating about in space.
Meteors are meteoroids.
Meteors are more common than comets.
Meteors are more common than satellite re-entries.
Meteors are more unpredictable in their appearance.
Meteors are mostly the debris from comets.
Meteors are natural things.
Meteors are now vunerable to magma only.
Meteors are part of meteor showers.
Meteors are particles the size of pebbles that have fallen off a comet.
Meteors are pieces of rock or ice colliding with the Earth's atmosphere at high speed.
Meteors are pieces of space debris that plow into the Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors are rocks in outer space that usually vaporize before reaching the Earth's surface.
Meteors are ships.
Meteors are simply bits of material that enter the Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors are small pieces of rocky material left in the wakes of comets orbiting the sun.
Meteors are smaller in size.
Meteors are streaks of light in the sky.
Meteors are streaks of light produced by meteorites entering the Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors are streaks of light that flashes across the sky.
Meteors are the debris left in the wake of a passing comet.
Meteors are the flashes of light that meteoroids produce when they enter the earth's atmosphere.
Meteors are the left over debris from comets.
Meteors are the result of the Earth's atmosphere sweeping up small debris in space.
Meteors are the result of very tiny particles, the debris from comets, which orbit the sun.
Meteors are tiny bits of dust that burn up in the Earth's upper atmosphere.
Meteors are tiny bits of rock, metals and gas left behind by passing comets.
Meteors are tiny bits of space debris that usually burn up completely in the Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors are usually particles which originate as small fragments given off by comets.
Meteors are very hard to record photographically.
Meteors are visible every clear night of the year.
Meteors are, in a word, annoying.
Meteors associated with showers appear to originate from a spot in the sky.
Meteors become meteorites if they reach the ground.
Meteors blazing through the earth's atmosphere leave an ionized trail in the air over our heads.
Meteors break up into smaller and smaller chunks in Earth's gravity.
Meteors burn up in the mesosphere.
Meteors burn up when they hit the earth's atmosphere.
Meteors burn up when they hit the Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors can appear anywhere in the sky at any time.
Meteors can be difficult objects to see particularly if they are of the faint type.
Meteors can be rocky, metallic, or a combination of both.
Meteors can be sporadic, or they can occur in showers.
Meteors can give themselves a point for each safe touch or steal they have.
Meteors can occur at any time on any night and appear in any part of the sky.
Meteors can poke holes in solar panels, pit surfaces, and short out electronics.
Meteors Check the following Web sites for for the best time to observer meteors.
Meteors constantly bombard the atmosphere leaving numerous ionized trails.
Meteors continue to bombard the earth, but they are diminishing in both frequency and size.
Meteors enter atmospheres.
Meteors explode above the Pacific.
Meteors fall into Earth's atmosphere over every spot on the planet.
Meteors fall randomly throughout the arena.
Meteors flare, the Milky Way glows, and geysers shoot up like silvery, vaporous ghosts.
Meteors flash across the sky in a few seconds , while telescopes magnify a small part of the sky.
Meteors get red-hot on reentry, where the surface both melts and oxidizes.
Meteors happen all over the sky and they happen fast.
Meteors happen when bits of rock, flying through space, burn up as they pass near the Earth.
Meteors have (part) photons.
Meteors have (part) sections.
Meteors have blue color.
Meteors have color.
Meteors have in fact nothing to do with stars.
Meteors have nothing to do with meteorites.
Meteors heat up quickly in the atmosphere because of friction with the air.
Meteors heat up the same way the space shuttle or other spacecraft do when they re-enter the Earth.
Meteors hit surfaces.
Meteors indicate processing of some comet dust during ejection.
Meteors look like large sandstone rocks.
Meteors mostly burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
Meteors move very fast.
Meteors occur at time.
Meteors occur fairly high up in the atmosphere.
Meteors occur when small pieces of space stuff plow into the earth's atmosphere.
Meteors only appear on clear nights as well, and are accompanied by a twinkling noise.
Meteors play havoc with spooks.
Meteors rain down on the earth every hour of every day.
Meteors scatter is 'E' layer stuff.
Meteors seem to be fast moving streaks of light.
Meteors streak across the roof of the sky.
Meteors streak across the sky, blazing bright for only a few seconds.
Meteors strike the thermosphere and mesosphere and burn from the heat generated by air friction.
Meteors tend to move in the same direction of that of the earth and the planets.
Meteors tend to move much faster after midnight.
Meteors travel small angular distances when near the radiant due to foreshortening.
Meteors zip across the sky to the delight of most.
Meteors often occur in showers and swarms .
Meteors often occur in showers and swarms.
Meteors usually appear as brief streak of light in the atmosphere.
Meteors usually break apart A faster meteor is more likely to break apart before it hits the ground.
Meteors usually last just a second or two.
Meteors usually last no more than a few tenths of a second.
All meteors appear as brief streaks of light moving a short distance across the sky.
All meteors are differnt colors.
Many meteors are visible.
Many meteors break apart, disperse or burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
Many meteors have persistent trains, and the brightest can cast a shadow on the ground.
Most meteors are a result of a passing comet.
Most meteors are only about the size of a grain of sand, and burn up completely in the atmosphere.
Most meteors are only tiny specks of dust .
Most meteors are only tiny specks of dust.
Most meteors are particles the size of a grain and burn up quickly.
Most meteors are small, about the size of sand grains.
Most meteors are the size of a grain of sand and burn up in the atmosphere.
Most meteors are tiny bits of dust that burn up high in the atmosphere.
Most meteors are vaporized, but if they make it to the ground they are called meteorites.
Most meteors break apart, disperse or burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
Most meteors burn up and are vaporized before they reach the ground.
Most meteors burn up and never make it to the ground.
Most meteors burn up before hitting the Earth .
Most meteors burn up completely as they pass through our thick atmosphere.
Most meteors burn up in space before they reach Earth.
Most meteors burn up in space before they reach the earth.
Most meteors burn up in the atmosphere before they can reach the ground.
Most meteors burn up well above airline altitudes.
Most meteors come from comets.
Most meteors disintegrate completely many kilometers up in the atmosphere.
Most meteors enter atmospheres.
Most meteors glow for only a few seconds before they burn up.
Most meteors glow for only a few seconds prior to burning up before hitting the Earth's surface.
Most meteors have blue color.
Most meteors have color.
Most meteors never survive their fiery entries into the atmosphere.
Most meteors occur at time.
Most meteors occur in the region of the atmosphere called the thermosphere.
Most meteors originate from comets.
Most meteors result from meteoroids no more than a few centimeters in diameter.
Most meteors striking Earth burn up high in the atmosphere due to entry heating.
Most meteors vaporize in the energetic collision with the ground.
Some meteors are fragments of other planets, primarily Martian meteors.
Some meteors are so tiny that they fall through the atmosphere without burning up.
Some meteors are tens of meters in diameter.
Some meteors become so intensely heated that they appear as a fireball in the sky.
Some meteors fall to earth.
Some meteors move slow and some move fast.
Some meteors occur in earth.
Some meteors produce dust.
Some meteors reach surfaces.
Some meteors strike earth.
Meteoric fractures fill with cement or residual soils, cave filling, or caliche.
Meteoric water is assumed to be isotopically the same as cometary water.
Meteorite craters concentrate in Canada and northern Europe.
Meteorite evidence remains controversial.
Meteorite huggers can also buy, trade, sell or auction meteorites.
Some meteorite hunters employ detectors.
Some meteorite hunters employ metal detectors.
Meteorite impact is only one theory used to explain the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Meteorite impacts are rare.
Meteorite recovery is unlikely.
Meteorite showers are produced by the fragmentation of a large meteoroid in the atmosphere.
Meteorite showers emerge by the breakup of large bodies in the upper atmosphere.
Meteorite specimens are available on loan to investigators from the world scientific community.
A meteorite is a meteor
Meteorite isa object.
Meteorites actually land upon the Earth.
Meteorites also experience impacts themselves and can contain diamonds.
Meteorites also make beautiful, unique display pieces.
Meteorites also tell much about what the asteroids are like.
Meteorites are a diverse group of rocks.
Meteorites are a great danger for the settlers.
Meteorites are a significant addition to the amount of carbon on the Earth.
Meteorites are all different colors.
Meteorites are also rocks.
Meteorites are any size.
Meteorites are basically rocks from space.
Meteorites are bits of material left over from the formation of the solar system's planets.
Meteorites are bits of rock that are captured by a planet's gravity and pulled to the surface.
Meteorites are chunks of rock and metal left over from the earliest history of our solar system.
Meteorites are chunks of rock which have impacted the Earth.
Meteorites are cold when they land, and generally remain intact on the surface.
Meteorites are different from other stones in several ways.
Meteorites are different kinds of rock.
Meteorites are different shapes.
Meteorites are either stone, iron, or stony-iron.
Meteorites are fragments of meteors that have fallen to Earth without burning up in the atmosphere.
Meteorites are from space.
Meteorites are great in the classroom to get students excited about science.
Meteorites are heavier that earth rocks because of their iron content.
Meteorites are heavy, weighing more than the average terrestrial rock of equivalent size.
Meteorites are in movies.
Meteorites are leftovers from the newborn solar system.
Meteorites are like spheres.
Meteorites are like volcano rocks but bigger.
Meteorites are messengers from time and space.
Meteorites are meteoroids that have landed on the Earth.
Meteorites are meteoroids.
Meteorites are meteors.
Meteorites are meteors.
Meteorites are mostly from other planets.
Meteorites are mostly pieces of rock, though a few are metal, that fall to Earth from space.
Meteorites are objects that have survived the plunge through earth s atmosphere and hit the ground.
Meteorites are particles of other planets.
Meteorites are pieces of ancient material that survive their fall to Earth from space.
Meteorites are pieces of asteroids.
Meteorites are pieces of rock that enter Earth's atmosphere from space.
Meteorites are pieces of the solar system that have crashed into the earth.
Meteorites are rare and scientifically important discoveries.
Meteorites are rare finds in Washington.
Meteorites are rocks from outer space that have fallen to earth.
Meteorites are rocks from space that strike the Earth.
Meteorites are rocks that land from space.
Meteorites are sometimes very hard to differentiate from terrestrial rocks.
Meteorites are stones.
Meteorites are stony or metallic bodies that fall to the Earth from space.
Meteorites are the left-overs from the creation of the solar system.
Meteorites are the meteoroids after they have reached the surface of the earth.
Meteorites are the remnants of the birth of the solar system.
Meteorites are unique appearing pieces.
Meteorites are unpredictable.
Meteorites are very dense, iron-rich materials.
Meteorites break open the surface exposing the hot interior.
Meteorites bring outer space right to our doorstep.
Meteorites burn when they hit the atmosphere.
Meteorites can be of four basic types.
Meteorites can break up in space.
Meteorites can fall at any time of day, but most fall in the afternoon or evening.
Meteorites come from different galaxies.
Meteorites come from the asteroid belt, which is a swarm of objects between Mars and Jupiter.
Meteorites come in three forms such as stony, stony-iron and iron based.
Meteorites comes in various sizes , shapes and composition.
Meteorites contain small amounts of iridium.
Meteorites continue to be significant and mysterious.
Meteorites do explode though.
Meteorites fall down very quickly.
Meteorites fall into three main categories - iron, stone, and stony iron.
Meteorites fall into three main categories - irons, stones, and stony irons.
Meteorites fall on the earth daily.
Meteorites float around in space.
Meteorites flow with the glacial ice toward the sea.
Meteorites generally have a pitted surface and fused charred crust.
Meteorites have (part) sections.
Meteorites have a variety of sources where they originate.
Meteorites have a wholly different flight pattern.
Meteorites have density three times that of solid rock.
Meteorites have many different sizes, ranging from pebbles up to several feet across.
Meteorites introduces basic meteorite facts.
Meteorites look like shooting stars when they soar through the sky.
Meteorites never contain abundant gas bubbles or have porous or spongy textures.
Meteorites offer scientists pristine examples of the way our solar system used to be.
Meteorites offer the oldest known material in our solar system.
Meteorites provide astronomers with useful information about our solar system.
Meteorites provide nonbiological sources of organic matter.
Meteorites quickly rust out into rusted shells and wither away.
Meteorites range in size from many tonnes down to a few grams.
Meteorites reach Earth's surface because they are the right size to travel through the atmosphere.
Meteorites represent primitive solar system material.
Meteorites represent the building blocks of planets and, in some cases, life.
Meteorites say so.
Meteorites typically fall into one of five categories.
Meteorites weigh different amounts.
Meteorites often contain cobalt.
Meteorites often fall as showers of a few to many fragments.
Meteorites usually have a burned appearance, are pitted, and are denser than other rocks.
Meteorites usually have a smooth surface with rounded corners.
ALL meteorites contain metal.
Many meteorites show evidence of having been part of a larger, differentiated , parent body.
Many meteorites strike Earth every year.
Most meteorites are asteroid fragments, broken up by collision with other asteroids.
Most meteorites are fairly small, with the largest ever discovered only a few meters across.
Most meteorites are fragments broken from asteroids.
Most meteorites are irons.
Most meteorites are magnetic, some strongly, some weakly.
Most meteorites are of the stony type.
Most meteorites are small and they cause very little damage when they hit.
Most meteorites are stony meteorites, classed as chondrites and achondrites .
Most meteorites come from asteroids in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter .
Most meteorites come from the break-up of small asteroids that never accreted to form a planet.
Most meteorites contain large amounts of iron and as a result are attracted to a magnet.
Most meteorites contain some iron and tend to be very heavy.
Most meteorites explode upon impact with the Earth's surface.
Most meteorites fall into Earth's oceans.
Most meteorites fall into the chondrite category.
Most meteorites fall into the ocean, but occasionally they fall and hit land, forming a crater.
Some meteorites appear in films.
Some meteorites are nearly pure stainless steel, born in ancient supernovas.
Some meteorites contain the four lead isotopes but no uranium or thorium parents.
Some meteorites even contain remnants of materials formed before our solar system even existed.
Some meteorites have holes.
Some meteorites kill dinosaurs.
Meteoritic material contributes nickel to the oceans.
Some meteoritic material is similar to the Earth and Moon and some is quite different.
Meteorogical map shows trade winds, air currents, isotherms, prevailing whirwinds, and rain density.
A meteoroid is a natural object
Meteoroid approaches the atmosphere.
Meteoroids also come from the asteroid belt.
Meteoroids are celestial objects.
Meteoroids are in orbit around the Sun.
Meteoroids are mostly smaller than a grain of sand but fluffy.
Meteoroids are natural particles in orbit about the sun.
Meteoroids are simply bits of debris in space, too small to be called an asteroid.
Meteoroids are small bodies that travel through space.
Meteoroids are small rocky objects traveling through interplanetary space.
Meteoroids are smaller chunks of rock in space.
Meteoroids are smaller pieces of rock and dust that fly around the solar system.
Meteoroids are so numerous they're impossible to avoid entirely.
Meteoroids are the particles which can and do fall through the atmosphere.
Meteoroids are the same kind of object as meteorites, only they are still in space.
Meteoroids are the smallest particles orbiting the sun, and most are no larger than grains of sand.
Meteoroids are tiny stones or pieces of metal that travel through space.
Meteoroids are typically smaller than a grain of sand and much less dense.
Meteoroids are typically very small and light.
Meteoroids are usually smaller than a grain of sand.
Meteoroids become meteors when they enter Earth's atmosphere.
Meteoroids become visible to observers on Earth when they enter Earth's atmosphere.
Meteoroids break up into smaller and smaller pieces in Earth's gravity.
Meteoroids burn up in the atmosphere and fall to the Earth as dust.
Meteoroids do, however, pack a considerable punch.
Meteoroids have a pretty big size range.
Meteoroids have many sources.
Meteoroids range widely in size and mass, in roughly inverse proportion to their abundance.
Meteoroids travel around the Sun in a variety of orbits and at various speeds.
Meteoroids travel around the Sun, orbiting in a variety of ways and moving at different velocities.
Meteoroids vary from small rocks to boulders weighing a ton or more.
Meteoroids often come from asteroids that have broken up into smaller pieces.
Many meteoroids come from comets, which are made mostly of ice and rock.
Most meteoroids are about the size of a pebble.
Most meteoroids are fragments of debris left in the wake of a comet, forming a meteor stream .
Most meteoroids are no bigger than a pebble.
Most meteoroids are smaller than a grain of sand.
Most meteoroids burn up completely on their way into the atmosphere.
Most meteoroids come from asteroids that are broken apart by impacts with other asteroids.
Most meteoroids disintegrate when entering the Earth's atmosphere.
Some meteoroids are bigger but most are tiny.
Meteorologic drought is based on the percent average annual rainfall.
Meteorological bands are also in high demand because they are assigned globally, for use worldwide.
Meteorological conditions affect light.
Meteorological conditions are dominant factors dictating the evolution of wildfires.
Meteorological conditions are environmental conditions.
Meteorological conditions can alter the perception of an object.
Meteorological conditions can be change to almost infinite variations.
Meteorological conditions play an important role in the performance of modern large telescopes.
Meteorological conditions remain critical.
Most meteorological conditions affect light.
Some meteorological conditions affect patterns.
Meteorological convention specifies wind direction as that FROM which the wind blows.
Meteorological data gathered by volunteer observers benefit many segments of American life.
Meteorological data is also computerized.
Meteorological data is collected to help assess possible sources of the pollutants being measured.
Meteorological data is either available on our web site or elsewere.
Meteorological data is relayed to specialized processing centers.
Meteorological data is required to run the nonpoint source model.
Meteorological data is updated daily.
Meteorological drought refers to dry conditions related to climate.
Meteorological elements are the values observed at the designated time.
Some meteorological factors affect runoff.
Meteorological forecasts trigger the weather-related reconnaissance efforts.
Meteorological inputs consist of radiation, precipitation, temperature and humidity.
Meteorological measurements are the first indicators of drought.
Most meteorological models access a number of large arrays during each time step.
Meteorological observations are part of the needed baseline data.
Meteorological offices are concerned only with true wind.
Meteorological parameters determine the effective spatial resolution.
Meteorological phenomena occur during seasons.
Most meteorological phenomena occur during seasons.
Meteorological radars provide information on storms.
A meteorological satellite is a satellite
Meteorological satellites are on a separate page .
Meteorological satellites look at Earth to study the weather and atmosphere.
Many meteorological stations are near cities which generate significant amounts of local heat.
Some meteorological stations record the minimum and maximum temperatures for the day.
Meteorological technicians make weather observations in the field and operate equipment.
Meteorological technicians observe, record and interpret weather and atmospheric conditions.
Meteorological value added services are the further processing of data and products.
A meteorologist is a specialist
Meteorologist isa specialist.
Meteorologists agree that the pesky arctic air pattern has swung back up north.
Meteorologists agree the ice storm was 'big,' but disagree on what caused it.
Meteorologists also can record weather messages manually if needed.
Meteorologists also examine the intensity and structure of the storm.
Meteorologists also study the ocean.
Meteorologists also teach their subject at universities.
Meteorologists also use radars to detect precipitation, especially rain.
Meteorologists also work for radio and television stations.
Meteorologists are available to go out to an office and give a preparedness presentation.
Meteorologists are curious about Earth's atmosphere, and why it behaves the way it does.
Meteorologists are now able to generate large-scale weather analyses and predictions.
Meteorologists are preferred.
Meteorologists are red-faced.
Meteorologists are scientists who study and forecast the weather.
Meteorologists are scientists who study the cause of weather and they try to predict it.
Meteorologists are scientists who study the weather.
Meteorologists are scientists.
Meteorologists are specialists.
Meteorologists are the people who study weather.
Meteorologists are unable to predict the exact path of the storm.
Meteorologists are usually able to give several days warning before a hurricane strikes land.
Meteorologists are weatherwatchers.
Meteorologists are workers.
Meteorologists blame it on a persistent ridge of high pressure.
Meteorologists blame the frigid temperatures on cold winds sweeping in from Kabul and Kandahar.
Meteorologists blame the heat on hot air masses moving north from Africa.
Meteorologists calculate pressure.
Meteorologists calculate wind pressure.
Meteorologists call it the Perfect Storm.
Meteorologists call such a storm a mesocyclone.
Meteorologists call the changes of temperature with height the temperature gradient .
Meteorologists call the difference between the total and geostrophic winds ageostrophic winds.
Meteorologists can and do review historic data and study past storm trends.
Meteorologists can find themselves working for a wide variety of industries.
Meteorologists can get predictions wrong.
Meteorologists can sometimes make mistakes, but some information is better than none.
Meteorologists can track and forecast the movement of a thunderstorm.
Meteorologists combine the data and create the map to show the area of interest.
Meteorologists compare deficiencies in precipitation to normal levels when they speak of drought.
Meteorologists define several stages in the evolution of a storm system.
Meteorologists describe the wind direction as the direction from which the wind is blowing.
Meteorologists develop methods.
Meteorologists develop new tools for forecasting weather.
Meteorologists divide California into three different parts.
Meteorologists do jobs.
Meteorologists do many different jobs.
Meteorologists employ images from satellites to help forecast the weather.
Meteorologists expect more rain during the next few days.
Meteorologists expect the extreme heat to finally break by the end of the week.
Meteorologists expect the heavy rains to continue for two more months.
Meteorologists expect the rain to tail off over the weekend.
Meteorologists explain HOW clouds form, and biologists explain HOW species form.
Meteorologists express pressure in millibars.
Meteorologists follow paths.
Meteorologists forecast another cold, dreary night in Pittsburgh.
Meteorologists forecast rainy weather with temperatures around six degrees for southern Germany.
Meteorologists gather information on Earth's atmosphere.
Meteorologists get information from weather balloons, satellites, and weather stations.
Meteorologists greatly value data obtained from surface observations.
Meteorologists have (part) arms.
Meteorologists have (part) body substances.
Meteorologists have (part) cell membranes.
Meteorologists have (part) cells.
Meteorologists have (part) corpi.
Meteorologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Meteorologists have (part) heads.
Meteorologists have (part) human bodies.
Meteorologists have (part) legs.
Meteorologists have (part) material bodies.
Meteorologists have (part) necks.
Meteorologists have (part) nuclei.
Meteorologists have (part) personality.
Meteorologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Meteorologists have (part) sections.
Meteorologists have (part) vacuoles.
Meteorologists have good reason to expect normal rainfall to resume much sooner.
Meteorologists have information.
Meteorologists have many different terms for warning people of what is on the way.
Meteorologists have names for different kinds of clouds.
Meteorologists have special devices to measure the humidity , such as hygrometers .
Meteorologists have special devices to measure the humidity, such as hygrometers.
Meteorologists have the best job in the world.
Meteorologists have the capability to predict rather accurately the path of a hurricane.
Meteorologists involved in weather forecasting sometimes work evenings, weekends, or holidays.
Meteorologists keep strange hours.
Meteorologists know that heat creates instability, and instability rules Tropical weather.
Meteorologists know warm ocean temperatures fuel hurricanes.
Meteorologists look to better technology to forecast weather patterns, thereby reducing loss.
Meteorologists make measurements of the properties of the atmosphere at various locales.
Meteorologists make observations.
Meteorologists make weather observations.
Meteorologists measure temperature differences at every level of the atmosphere.
Meteorologists measure wind.
Meteorologists monitor atmospheric conditions by sending up weather balloons .
Meteorologists monitor the extent and severity of drought in terms of rainfall deficiencies.
Meteorologists now can make reasonably accurate predictions a few days into the future.
Meteorologists observe the weather when they're making a forecast.
Meteorologists observing tornado damage use it to estimate tornado winds.
Meteorologists plot isobaric patterns on synoptic charts .
Meteorologists plot isobaric patterns on synoptic charts.
Meteorologists possess knowledge.
Meteorologists possess specific knowledge.
Meteorologists predict clear weather over the next two days.
Meteorologists predict further severe storms for the region in the coming weeks.
Meteorologists predict more rainfall in upcoming days.
Meteorologists predict weather by tracking the movement of air masses and associated fronts.
Meteorologists produce lists of names for the ten major hurricane producing ocean basins.
Meteorologists provide information.
Meteorologists read a corresponding color key to interpret the reflectivity image.
Meteorologists record the weather every day.
Meteorologists refer to it as wind shear.
Meteorologists refer to vertical motions as convective.
Meteorologists rely heavily on the computer generated forecasts in their analysis.
Meteorologists rely mainly on two types of satellites.
Meteorologists rely on weather images from space.
Meteorologists rely on weather radar to provide information on developing storms.
Meteorologists routinely triangulate their domains to perform weather analysis.
Meteorologists say it's part of a fierce storm system that reaches into Texas.
Meteorologists say it's temporary but climate experts think otherwise.
Meteorologists say that brisk northwest winds helped blow the pollution away.
Meteorologists say that vertical sheer is required for the formation of propagating thunderstorms.
Meteorologists say that warm air is buoyant.
Meteorologists say the storm has center jumped.
Meteorologists say they are due to low pressure which has built up around Madagascar.
Meteorologists see only scant rain in the near future.
Meteorologists seek opportunity.
Meteorologists stress that our atmosphere, weather and climate are extraordinarily complex.
Meteorologists study atmospheric phenomena.
Meteorologists study math science.
Meteorologists study patterns.
Meteorologists study phenomena.
Meteorologists study science.
Meteorologists study severe weather patterns.
Meteorologists study such phenomena.
Meteorologists study the atmosphere and atmospheric phenomena, including the weather.
Meteorologists study the atmosphere and weather.
Meteorologists study the weather by recording and analyzing data.
Meteorologists study weather conditions and prepare current and long range weather forecasts.
Meteorologists study weather patterns.
Meteorologists then interpret the data.
Meteorologists track hurricanes from the time they form to the time they no are no longer a threat.
Meteorologists track hurricanes using satellites.
Meteorologists try to predict the weather.
Meteorologists understand conditions.
Meteorologists understand necessary conditions.
Meteorologists use a barometer to determine the changes in air pressure to forecast the weather.
Meteorologists use a barometer to measure air pressure.
Meteorologists use a man-made instrument, an anemometer, to measure wind speed.
Meteorologists use a metric unit for pressure called a millibar.
Meteorologists use a scientific tool or instrument called a barometer.
Meteorologists use a wide range of information and techniques to formulate weather forecasts.
Meteorologists use advanced computer and satellite technology to get instant weather reports.
Meteorologists use all types of computers and special devices to predict the weather.
Meteorologists use barometers to predict short-term changes in the weather.
Meteorologists use cloud reflection to track clouds, determine cloud type, and even predict rain.
Meteorologists use computer models to more accurately predict the course of killer hurricanes.
Meteorologists use infrared images to determine the temperature in the atmosphere.
Meteorologists use instruments especially made to measure barometric pressure.
Meteorologists use it to compile and show the data they have collected on the weather.
Meteorologists use many different tools to learn about the weather in the world.
Meteorologists use many instruments to collect weather data.
Meteorologists use many modern instruments to forecast the weather.
Meteorologists use many tools in weather forecasting.
Meteorologists use radar to track storms.
Meteorologists use rain.
Meteorologists use supercomputers to predict, plot, and study storms.
Meteorologists use the location of some of the jet streams as an aid in weather forecasting .
Meteorologists use the reports to aid in river flood forecasts and winter weather forecasting.
Meteorologists use weather satellites for many things, and they rely on images from satellites.
Meteorologists volunteer their own time to assist and educate the youths to science.
Meteorologists work at stations.
Meteorologists work with companies.
Meteorologists often refer to it as cooling episodes, and sometimes it can last for years.
Meteorologists often use the dewpoint as a measure of atmospheric moisture.
Meteorologists often use weather balloons.
Meteorologists usually specialize in one area.
Meteorologists usually specialize in one type of work.
All meteorologists currently use knots for plotting wind speed on weather maps.
All meteorologists rely heavily on the numerical model simulations of the atmosphere.
Every meteorologist needs to keep a good weather journal.
Many meteorologists are in the field because it is an excitement and a passion.
Many meteorologists enjoy observing the weather and photographing interesting weather phenomena.
Many meteorologists have degrees in physics, chemistry, mathematics, and other fields.
Many meteorologists use the terms interchangeably.
Most meteorologists calculate pressure.
Most meteorologists calculate wind pressure.
Most meteorologists develop methods.
Most meteorologists do jobs.
Most meteorologists do many different jobs.
Most meteorologists follow paths.
Most meteorologists have information.
Most meteorologists make observations.
Most meteorologists make weather observations.
Most meteorologists measure wind.
Most meteorologists possess knowledge.
Most meteorologists possess specific knowledge.
Most meteorologists provide information.
Most meteorologists seek opportunity.
Most meteorologists study atmospheric phenomena.
Most meteorologists study math science.
Most meteorologists study science.
Most meteorologists study severe weather patterns.
Most meteorologists study such phenomena.
Most meteorologists study weather patterns.
Most meteorologists understand conditions.
Most meteorologists understand necessary conditions.
Most meteorologists use rain.
Most meteorologists work at stations.
Most meteorologists work for the government, a university, or a media outlet.
Most meteorologists work with companies.
Some meteorologists also spend time observing weather conditions and collecting data from aircraft.
Some meteorologists also spend time watching weather conditions and collecting data from aircraft.
Some meteorologists analyze satellite data.
Some meteorologists begin careers.
Some meteorologists believe a gustnado actually hit the stage.
Some meteorologists develop concepts.
Some meteorologists employ in markets.
Some meteorologists engage in basic and applied research.
Some meteorologists engage in research.
Some meteorologists establish consult firms.
Some meteorologists establish firms.
Some meteorologists establish own consult firms.
Some meteorologists establish own firms.
Some meteorologists establish their own consulting firms.
Some meteorologists forecast the weather while others work in research.
Some meteorologists get experience in the military.
Some meteorologists study problems.
Some meteorologists take life.
Some meteorologists take own life.
Some meteorologists turn to the education field.
Some meteorologists use effects.
Some meteorologists work in government.
Some meteorologists work in research.
Some meteorologists work with scientists.
Meteorology comes into play as much as biology in such a rapid rebound.
Meteorology concerns the complex interactions of many simple phenomena.
Meteorology contains worldwide links to meterological data and information.
Meteorology deals with lots of variables that change with respect to other things.
Meteorology focuses on patterns.
Meteorology focuses on typical patterns.
Meteorology focuses on typical weather patterns.
Meteorology focuses on weather patterns.
Meteorology includes student pages that can be duplicated, and a teacher's guide.
Meteorology is a forecasting
Meteorology is all about the science of the atmosphere, so a scientific background is essential.
Meteorology is earth science.
Meteorology is important to our everyday lives.
Meteorology is predictions.
Meteorology is science.
Meteorology is still an inexact science.
Meteorology isa statement.
Meteorology meets big business in a new multibillion-dollar investment market.
Meteorology plays an important aspect to life on Earth as well.
Meteorology plays an important role in the regulation of phytoplankton productivity in mid-estuary.
Most meteorology focuses on patterns.
Most meteorology focuses on typical patterns.
Most meteorology focuses on typical weather patterns.
Most meteorology focuses on weather patterns.
Meteors showers are predictable, seasonal events.
Most meteors showers are better after midnight.
A meter maid is a policewoman
Meter maids are the people who never got invited to dances in high school.
Meter sticks are in the back of the lab.
Meter sticks are marked off in parts of a meter.
Meter sticks have units called centimeters and millimeters.
A meter is a linear measure
A meter is a metric
Meter can generate meaning.
Meter combines all the features needed for fast, accurate measurements of electromagnetic fields.
Meter comes with a choice of electrodes, buffers, beakers, and an illustrated manual.
Meter comes with removable rubber boot providing protection from accidental impact or dropping.
Meter comes with submersible integrated electrode for outdoor wet applications.
Meter counts available and guaranteed.
Meter is a regularly recurring accent within the pulse.
Meter is a very ancient musical element and extends back into human prehistory.
Meter is all about rhythm.
Meter is counted with Arabic numbers.
Meter is determined by the relation between stronger and weaker stresses or accents in syllables.
Meter is factory assembled and wired for accurate reading.
Meter is on conditioned water.
Meter is operational when in case.
Meter is somewhat clean.
Meter is the pattern of accented and unaccented beats.
Meter is to music as distance is to travel.
Meter is usually along the water main, in the ground or in the basement.
Meter isa unit.
Meter records patient's usage.
Meter refers to the manner in which the beats are put together to form a measure of music.
Meter refills itself.
Meter shows the power of the sun and indicates charging time.
Meter shows updated values even if it's counting noise.
Meter turns off automatically after approx.
Meter turns on automatically.
Meter works as does all other functions.
Meter works very similar to a car s odometer.
Meter works with velocity probes.
Meters accept nickels, dimes and quarters only.
Meters accept nickels, dimes, and quarters.
Meters accept nickels, dimes, quarters and meter debit cards.
Meters accept quarters only.
Meters accept quarters, dimes and nickels.
Meters also reduce accidents at merge points, thus reducing accident-related congestion.
Meters are a penny a minute.
Meters are a powerful, visual tool to measure input signals as well as gain change at the output.
Meters are also available for short-term parking.
Meters are also color coded and contained in a cartridge for easy removal.
Meters are available and calibrated to display ohm per square.
Meters are available in taut band, pivot and jewel elements.
Meters are available on some streets near the bridge.
Meters are available over a wide range of prices.
Meters are available throughout the campus.
Meters are available to meet the short-term parking needs of students, faculty, staff, and visitors.
Meters are converted to feet and inches , and feet and inches are converted to meters .
Meters are converted to feet and inches, and feet and inches are converted to meters.
Meters are either analog or digital devices.
Meters are expensive, delicate, and vulnerable.
Meters are factory tested and calibrated to be within accepted standards of accuracy.
Meters are factory tested and calibrated to be within regulatory standards for accuracy.
Meters are free on Sundays.
Meters are generally free at time of meetings.
Meters are in effect at all times.
Meters are in operation as posted on each meter.
Meters are just like coin doors.
Meters are limited to three hours.
Meters are necessary to provide information on all critical system functions.
Meters are often out of order so be sure to settle on a price before taking a trip.
Meters are only enforceable during the hours of operation that are displayed.
Meters are small, easy to use and often inexpensive.
Meters are sometimes inaccessible in multiple unit housing.
Meters are the default unit.
Meters are the domain with integer as the data type.
Meters are the property of the City of Stuart.
Meters are the standard to express measurement of length.
Meters are there for projection purposes only.
Meters are to be inspected on an annual basis.
Meters can be quite helpful in locating ghostly presences.
Meters can be real time savers when it comes to optimizing mounting height and aiming.
Meters connect the two systems.
Meters consist of centimeters.
Meters currently accept quarters, dimes and nickels.
Meters designated for disabled only also require payment.
Meters has best output.
Meters have (part) centimeters.
Meters have (part) centimetres.
Meters have (part) cms.
Meters have either a single axis coil or a triple axis coil.
Meters is a larger unit.
Meters measure energy.
Meters measure length.
Meters monitor current values of functions.
Meters only accept quarters.
Meters provide information so retailers know how much electricity is used.
Meters record the flow of water in a part of the distribution system.
Meters require quarters only.
Meters run on power provided by power lines they are connected to.
Meters show rate of discharge, end of discharge volts, and timer shows total elapsed time.
Meters slow down and stop recording.
Meters take quarters and nickels.
Meters take quarters and nickles only.
Meters take quarters only and have a two-hour time limit.
Meters take quarters only and traffic officers strictly enforce time limits.
Meters turn backward when the power is sent out and credits the producer's bill.
Meters typically are a commodity product.
Meters work with varying pressures and in multiple applications.
All meters accept nickels, dimes, and quarters.
All meters accept quarters.
All meters are quick, precise and simple to use.
All meters are resettable infinite-hold peak LED ladders, with dedicated numeric displays.
All meters are sensitive to technique.
All meters come complete with meter, electrode, battery, and instructions.
All meters have a four hour maximum parking limit.
All meters have a membrane keypad and are water-resistant, i.e. splashes and wet hands.
All meters have a range of exactly zero feet.
All meters have to have an access panel on the skirting to be able to reach the meter.
All meters measure the amount of water used in cubic feet.
All meters read.
All meters share the same basic features.
All meters start at zero, too.
All meters take nickels, dimes, and quarters.
All meters take quarters only.
Every meter is read every month.
Every meter is simple to use and cost effective.
Every meter is tested prior to installation.
Many meters are only for half an hour.
Most meters are at the front or side of the house.
Most meters are for a maximum of one hour.
Most meters are for two hours.
Most meters are two hour meters, and that literally means parking in that spot for only two hours.
Most meters can measure volts , amps , and resistance .
Most meters can measure volts, amps, and resistance.
Most meters come with full instructions.
Most meters consist of a body, a photo cell and a readout.
Most meters consist of centimeters.
Most meters have either four or five dials with pointers.
Most meters have four or five dials.
Most meters measure energy.
Most meters record just the gallons of water used.
Most meters take nickels, dimes, and quarters.
Most meters take quarters only, some still take dimes and nickels.
Most meters take quarters, dimes, and nickels.
Most meters use a magnetic drive between the propeller and the indicator head.
Some meters also display instantaneous discharge rate with indicator hands on dials.
Some meters also have a way to do a later reading.
Some meters are available on the street at both locations.
Some meters are digital they look like the odometer on a car.
Some meters automatically display the corrected moisture content.
Some meters come in a circular reading style.
Some meters fit loosely in the hole sealed with a gasket and are held in place with pipe clamps.
Some meters have a memory that can store results from multiple tests.
Some meters have a special data port that can be connected to a personal computer.
Some meters have four dials, others five.
Some meters have no restriction in the pipe, and therefore no permanent pressure loss.
Some meters have no restriction in the pipe, so therefore no permanent pressure loss.
Some meters measure conductivity.
Some meters measure electricity.
Some meters measure light in footcandles, which is then translated into f-stops.
Some meters require periodic lubrication.
Some meters take prepaid debit cards.
Metered applications can reside either on a network server or on a local hard disk.
Metered demand represents the volume of potable water supplied to industry.
Metered electricity is available on most moorings.
Metered heating is extra and is paid according to usage.
Metered lights are available for evening play.
Most metered lines are nothing but iambs and trochees.
Metered mail provides substantial opportunities for fraud.
Metered mail Remember to attach postage billing cards.
Metered mail tends to get less attention because it is less likely to be from the public.
Metered markets are the best.
Metered parking exists in front of the school.
Metered parking is also available around campus.
Metered parking is also available at entrance level.
Metered parking is also available at the normal rate.
Metered parking is also available at various locations throughout campus.
Metered parking is also available in front of the festival on the canyon.
Metered parking is also available in the Galleria.
Metered parking is also available in the lot adjacent to the East Section.
Metered parking is also available on campus for visitors.
Metered parking is also available on campus.
Metered parking is also available on nearby streets.
Metered parking is also available on Presidents Circle.
Metered parking is also available on surface streets.
Metered parking is also available on the nearby streets.
Metered parking is also available on the street.
Metered parking is also available on the surrounding streets.
Metered parking is also available throughout campus.
Metered parking is also available.
Metered parking is also sometimes available on the street.
Metered parking is at an hourly rate.
Metered parking is available all around the block.
Metered parking is available and enforced.
Metered parking is available around the building.
Metered parking is available at the base of the pier.
Metered parking is available at the city lot across the street.
Metered parking is available at the front of the building.
Metered parking is available behind the library and on the street.
Metered parking is available but limited along the campus perimeter streets.
Metered parking is available directly across the street from the building.
Metered parking is available directly behind the library.
Metered parking is available for guests near several public use buildings.
Metered parking is available for shorter terms.
Metered parking is available for visitors.
Metered parking is available in front of our office.
Metered parking is available in front of the library and in parking lots around the city.
Metered parking is available in front of the library.
Metered parking is available in front of the store.
Metered parking is available in limited quantities for visitor parking.
Metered parking is available in the area.
Metered parking is available in the circle drive at the west entrance.
Metered parking is available in the city lot in the block immediately east of the building.
Metered parking is available in the downtown core.
Metered parking is available in the front of the building.
Metered parking is available in the nearby parking garage .
Metered parking is available in the nearby parking garage.
Metered parking is available in the public lots directly north and northeast of the building.
Metered parking is available in the underground parking lot.
Metered parking is available just outside the store.
Metered parking is available nearby.
Metered parking is available on adjacent streets and most meters are limited to one hour.
Metered parking is available on all nearby streets.
Metered parking is available on Beacon.
Metered parking is available on both sides of the street.
Metered parking is available on campus.
Metered parking is available on downtown streets, various lots and in the parking garage.
Metered parking is available on local streets.
Metered parking is available on Madison and Lexington Avenues.
Metered parking is available on many surrounding streets.
Metered parking is available on most downtown streets.
Metered parking is available on most streets.
Metered parking is available on streets adjacent to the museum.
Metered parking is available on streets near the museum.
Metered parking is available on surrounding streets.
Metered parking is available on the first floor.
Metered parking is available on the perimeter of the lot.
Metered parking is available on the street and in the parking lot underneath the library.
Metered parking is available on the street, and a parking garage is nearby.
Metered parking is available on the street, or there is a pay parking garage under the building.
Metered parking is available on the street.
Metered parking is available on the streets surrounding the building.
Metered parking is available on the streets, but watch posted restriction notices on the streets.
Metered parking is available on the various side streets to the west and south of the building.
Metered parking is available on the west side of the ramp on level three.
Metered parking is available right next to the beach but get there early.
Metered parking is available throughout the downtown area.
Metered parking is available throughout the downtown core and at various lots.
Metered parking is available.
Metered parking is enforced at all time.
Metered parking is for two hours or less.
Metered parking is free on evenings and weekends.
Metered parking is free on Sundays.
Metered parking is in the row closest to the building.
Metered parking is indicated by the dashed lines surrounding the downtown core.
Metered parking is limited.
Metered parking is located along the streets surrounding the museum.
Metered parking is located on the street.
Metered parking is nearby.
Metered parking is usually available on the street.
Metered parking is usually very limited, so allow extra time to find parking.
Metered parking lasts a maximum of four hours.
Metered parking remains in effect.
All metered parking is limited to the maximum number of hours posted on the meter.
Some metered parking is available on side streets, with a two-hour limit.
Some metered parking is available on the street.
Metered payments make use of an existing billing relationship with a trusted third party.
Metered postage is also available.
Metered postage is applied at the mail center for all outgoing university mail.
Metered postage is of no value as there is no actual stamp.
Metered rates apply to all destinations.
Metered rates are an old and unjustified business model.
Metered service applies after limits are reached.
Metered space is available but limited.
Metered spaces are available in many of the numbered lots.
Metered spaces are available in the two middle rows of the parking lot.
Metered spaces are available on a limited basis.
Metered spaces are available on nearby city streets.
Metered spaces are available on the left.
Metered spaces are available on the surrounding streets.
Metered spaces are available throughout the complex.
Metered spaces are available througout the complex.
Metered spaces require payment as posted.
All metered spaces are free on Sundays.
Metered taxies charge twice the amount shown on the meter.
Metered taxicabs operate in all major cities and towns.
Most metering pump stroking mechanisms transmit a nearly sinusoidal velocity to the plunger stroke.
Meterless parking is available in front.
Metformin hydrochloride is a type of antidiabetic agent.
A metformin is medicine
Metformin decreases gluconeogenesis and increases insulin sensitivity.
Metformin gives people another option.
Metformin improves glucose intolerance without stimulating insulin release or causing hypoglycemia.
Metformin increases insulin-stimulated transport of glucose from the blood into the body's cells.
Metformin increases sensitivity to insulin.
Metformin increases the sensitivity of liver and muscle to insulin.
Metformin is sometimes helpful with diabetes and fat accumulation.
Metformin prevents sucrose-induced insulin resistance and cardiomyopathy.
Metformin reduces glucose production in the liver and increases glucose sensitivity.
Metformin reduces hepatic glucose production and increases glucose utilisation by cells.
Metformin regulates the hexose transport system in vascular endothelial and smooth muscle cells.
Metformin works by sensitizing cells to the effect of the insulin already made by the body.
Metformins are drugs.
Metformins are medicine.
Many meth addicts exhibit violent behavior, and experience delusions and severe paranoia.
Many meth users seek help but find none.
Most meth users snort the drug with a rolled-up bill or other tubular paraphernalia.
A methacholine is medicine
Methacholine causes reflex bronchoconstriction.
Methacryloyloxyethyl isocyanate is an irritant.
Some methadone clinics have counselors that have training in addiction therapy.
A methadone is a narcotic
Methadone decreases absorption of didanosine, stavudine.
Methadone hydrochloride binds to opioid receptors in the central nervous system.
A methamphetamine is a controlled substance
A methamphetamine is speed
Methamphetamines are addictive drugs.
Methamphetamines are amphetamines.
Methamphetamines are drugs.
Methamphetamines are medicine.
Methamphetamines are one of the worst drugs ever to be invented.
Methamphetamines are the drug of choice.
Methamphetamines can cause a severe crash after the effects wear off.
Methamphetamines cause a severe crash after the effects wear off.
Methamphetamines have limited medical use and are frequently abused.
Methamphetamines have many physical short term effects.
Methamphetamines is a new and terrible challenge to the United States.
Methamphetamines is the most commonly manufactured illegal drug.
Methamphetamines pose a multi-faceted threat to society.
Methamphetamines pump up a person's heart rate, breathing, and blood pressure .
Most methamphetamine used in the Upper Midwest is imported from California.
Methane emissions are due to livestock production.
Methane emissions are inherently difficult to control.
Methane emissions are of concern in relation to the global impact of greenhouse gases.
Methane fermentation requires development.
More methane gas is produced.
Some methane gases cause bubbles.
Some methane gases contribute to effects.
Some methane gases contribute to greenhouse effects.
Methane hydrates are little-known, but have a huge potential as a new energy resource.
Methane hydrates are rigid, ice-like solids of water surrounding a gas molecule.
Methane hydrates are well known to the oil industry as a material that clogs pipelines and casing.
Methane hydrates can form at temperatures above the freezing point of water.
Methane hydrates occur in patches along the coastlines of most continents.
Methane comes from gases.
Methane comes from natural gases.
Methane comes from sources.
Methane contributes to emissions.
Methane contributes to global emissions.
Methane contributes to greenhouse gas emissions.
Methane fluxes from terrestrial environments.
Methane fluxes from wetlands of central Alberta.
Methane is a gas
Methane is alkane.
Methane is chemical compounds.
Methane is fuel.
Methane is gases.
Methane is greenhouse gases.
Methane is paraffin
Methane is produced by decay.
Methane isa compound.
Methane isa fluid.
Methane originates from cattle and landfills.
Methane produces vapor.
Methane produces water vapor.
Methane transmits light.
Methane transmits visible light.
More methane comes from rice paddies and forest fires.
Most methane comes from gases.
Most methane comes from natural gases.
Most methane comes from sources.
Most methane is produced by decay.
Most methane is released to the atmosphere via the leakage of natural gas from distribution systems.
Most methane produces vapor.
Most methane produces water vapor.
Some methane absorbs light.
Some methane absorbs red light.
Some methane goes into lungs.
Some methane has bonds.
Some methane has covalent bonds.
Some methane helps energy.
Some methane helps renewable energy.
Some methane is manufactured by the distillation of coal.
Some methane is produced by cattle.
Some methane traps in ocean sediments.
Some methane traps in sediments.
Methanogen is a microorganism
Methanogen is organisms.
Methanogens are methane producing microorganisms.
Methanogens live where there is no oxygen.
Methanogens make energy by oxidizing hydrogen and reducing carbon dioxide to methane.
Methanogens obtain their energy from the use of carbon dioxide and hydrogen gas.
Methanogens produce methane from simple carbon compunds.
Most methanogens can make methane from carbon dioxide and hydrogen gas.
Some methanogens thrive near volcanic vents.
Methanogenic organisms work in the anaerobic zone to convert dissolved organic carbon into methane.
Methanol masers lie outside of any protection here.
Methanol poisoning can lead to blindness, heart and vessel damage and death.
Methanol poisoning is notorious for causing vision impairment leading to blindness.
Methanol toxicity can cause headaches, other neurologic problems, nausea and sleepiness.
Methanol also affects the basal ganglia.
Methanol also causes blindness.
Methanol also evaporates from water and soil exposed to air.
Methanol also is the fuel of choice for fuel cell vehicles.
Methanol becomes poisonous only when it overwhelms the body's capacity to remove it.
Methanol breaks down into formaldehyde.
Methanol breaks down into formic acid and formaldehyde in the body.
Methanol burns at a much lower temperature compared to petrol.
Methanol can be dangerous.
Methanol can cause blindness when consumed internally.
Methanol can poison a platinum catalyst.
Methanol carries an additional risk because it is odorless, colorless and tasteless.
Methanol causes swelling of the optic nerve and degeneration of ganglion cells in the retina.
Methanol consists of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.
Methanol contains hydrogen and is the auto industry's favored fuel to power fuel cells.
Methanol contains no aromatic compounds and therefore produces no benzene emissions.
Methanol contains no sulfur and has exceptionally low NO x characteristics when burned.
Methanol contains only half the energy per gallon of gasoline but has a very high octane rating.
Methanol dramatically enhances the catalytic activity of serine proteases in anhydrous solvents.
Methanol evaporates very easily even at low temperatures.
Methanol has a low cetane number, meaning it resists ignition more than conventional diesel fuel.
Methanol has a slight fruity odour.
Methanol has an agreeable odour, and a burning taste.
Methanol has problems, though.
Methanol has slightly more energy than ethanol.
Methanol has the advantage of providing fleet operators with flexibility.
Methanol initially causes confusion and ataxia for several hours, similar to other alcohols.
Methanol is a basic building block used in the production of a variety of chemical derivatives.
Methanol is a basic organic compound, which plays a role in biogenesis.
Methanol is a by product of oil refineries and can be made by fermentation of plant material.
Methanol is a chemical commodity.
Methanol is a clean burning fuel that can be used to power cars.
Methanol is a clean transportation fuel made from domestic natural gas.
Methanol is a clear, liquid fuel made primarily from domestically produced natural gas.
Methanol is a colorless liquid and when mixed with other liquids is almost unrecognizable to taste.
Methanol is a colourless liquid at room temperature.
Methanol is a cumulative, human-specific toxin.
Methanol is a detergent and has the ability to absorb water.
Methanol is a fatal poison.
Methanol is a flammable liquid that can cause coma, convulsions, blindness and death.
Methanol is a flammable, dangerous fire risk, and toxic by ingestion.
Methanol is a liquid alcohol fuel made from clean, domestic natural gas.
Methanol is a liquid fuel produced from syngas.
Methanol is a more polar molecule which can form hydrogen bonds between molecules.
Methanol is a natural and harmless by-product of metabolization of many commonly consumed foods.
Methanol is a neutral solution and shows negative results for all acid tests.
Methanol is a poisonous substance associated with blindness.
Methanol is a potent nerve poison.
Methanol is a very misunderstood alternative fuel.
Methanol is added from a sterile stock solution.
Methanol is alcohol
Methanol is alcohol.
Methanol is also a highly practical source of hydrogen.
Methanol is also a product of decaying organic material.
Methanol is also an ingredient in paint and varnish removers.
Methanol is also the fuel for the direct-methanol fuel cell .
Methanol is also very flammable keep away from open flame or high temperature.
Methanol is an acute poison when swallowed or breathed in high concentrations.
Methanol is an alcohol and a liquid at room temperature.
Methanol is an alcohol made from natural gas, biomass or coal.
Methanol is an experimental teratogen with experimental reproductive effects.
Methanol is an extremely flammable liquid.
Methanol is an ideal hydrogen carrier for fuel cell vehicles.
Methanol is an industrial alcohol used in the manufacture of dyes and anti-freeze.
Methanol is available at many go-kart shops and at the track.
Methanol is chemical compounds.
Methanol is colorless, slightly less viscous than water, and has a slightly sweet odor.
Methanol is completely miscible in water.
Methanol is considered as intermediate step for the marked penetration of individual cars.
Methanol is considered by the world's major automakers to be an ideal hydrogen carrier.
Methanol is derived from natural gas, of which there is an abundant supply.
Methanol is easier in handling than gases and requires less safety precautions than hydrogen.
Methanol is easy to store and easy to distribute.
Methanol is excreted almost exclusively through renal elimination.
Methanol is explosive, but the leak was considered minor.
Methanol is extremely corrosive to the eyes.
Methanol is extremely harmful to the optic nerve.
Methanol is extremly flamable.
Methanol is flammable, and dangerous fire risk, and toxic by ingestion.
Methanol is found in paint remover, solvents, paint, varnish and automotive products.
Methanol is found naturally in fruit juice and distilled spirits such as whiskey, wine, and beer .
Methanol is found naturally in the body and in many foods such as fruit and vegetable juices.
Methanol is fuel
Methanol is fuel.
Methanol is highly toxic and causes damage to the optic nerve and blindness in small doses.
Methanol is highly toxic and readily absorbed by inhalation or skin contact.
Methanol is many times more toxic to humans than to rodents.
Methanol is measured in breath, blood, and urine before and after exposure.
Methanol is metabolized by hepatic alcohol dehydrogenase to yield formaldehyde.
Methanol is metabolized primarily in the liver.
Methanol is metabolized to formaldehyde and formic acid by hepatic alcohol dehydrogenase.
Methanol is methane with one hydrogen molecule replaced by a hydroxyl radical.
Methanol is more corrosive and more toxic than gasoline.
Methanol is one chemical found in aspartame.
Methanol is one of the safest and most environmentally sound fuels available.
Methanol is one of the safest fuels.
Methanol is part of a normal diet, and the body can easily metabolize small amounts.
Methanol is poisonous and if ingested can cause blindness.
Methanol is polar and can have dipole-dipole bonds.
Methanol is produced by oxidation of wood chips at high temperatures.
Methanol is produced by the hydrogenation of carbon monoxide.
Methanol is produced commercially by the catalyzed reaction of hydrogen and carbon monoxide.
Methanol is produced mostly from corn.
Methanol is produced primarily as a derivative of natural gas.
Methanol is quite corrosive and poisonous.
Methanol is recycled for reuse.
Methanol is released into the air primarily from the pulping process at paper mills.
Methanol is released when such esters are digested.
Methanol is seen as a good fuel for fuel cells.
Methanol is slightly more toxic than gasoline.
Methanol is soluble in groundwater, but is also readily biodegraded.
Methanol is the main ingredient.
Methanol is the most viable alternative clean fuel for autos.
Methanol is the only alcohol that is a candidate for large-scale substitution in Europe.
Methanol is the simplest alcohol, containing one carbon atom.
Methanol is their largest pollution emission to the sewers.
Methanol is toxic substances.
Methanol is toxic.
Methanol is used as a fuel.
Methanol is used as a major solvent for paints and varnishes.
Methanol is used as a replacement for petrol for environmentally friendly cars and buses.
Methanol is used as an extractant in chemical processes and as a denaturant in ethanol.
Methanol is used as transport fuel.
Methanol is used for making dyes, perfumes and synthetic fibbers.
Methanol is used for making formaldehyde.
Methanol is used in chemical syntheses and as an industrial solvent.
Methanol is used in the creation of methanphetamine.
Methanol is very flammable and burns with a pale blue flame.
Methanol is very flammable and is sometimes used as an additive in gasoline.
Methanol is very nasty and to be avoided.
Methanol is very toxic, causing blindness and death.
Methanol is very very flamable too, so watch it.
Methanol is well known to be poisonous in large quantity.
Methanol is well poised to supply a future fuel cell market.
Methanol is what is added to meths to make it unfit for human consumption.
Methanol is wood alcohol that has killed or blinded thousands of skid row drunks.
Methanol is, moreover, very poisonous.
Methanol makes a good automobile fuel, in fact it is used in professional automobile races.
Methanol makes a good automobile fuel.
Methanol occurs as a flammable, mobile, colorless liquid that is miscible with water.
Methanol precipitates proteins, reducing diffusion before crosslinking.
Methanol produces less carbon dioxide than does gasoline, which has two hydrogens for every carbon.
Methanol promotes atmospheric methane oxidation by methanotrophic cultures and soils.
Methanol quickly converts to formadehyde in the body.
Methanol reacts with ethanoic acid to give methyl ethanoate which is an ester.
Methanol really is the clear alternative.
Methanol requires less oxygen to burn than gasoline.
Methanol suffers from many of the same problems as ethanol.
Methanol thus breaks down into formaldehyde and formic acid in the body.
Methanol treatments on pima and upland cotton.
Methanol vaporizes quickly and the jug gets filled with the vapor.
Methanotrophic bacteria use methane as a sole source of carbon and energy.
A methenamine is medicine
Methenamine destroys some germs.
Methionine deficiencies decrease arsenic excretion.
Methionine deficiencies decrease excretion.
Methionine deficiencies decrease urinary arsenic excretion.
Methionine deficiencies decrease urinary excretion.
Most methionine deficiencies decrease arsenic excretion.
Most methionine deficiencies decrease urinary arsenic excretion.
Most methionine deficiencies decrease urinary excretion.
Methionine is amino acid
Methionine is amino acid.
Methionine is chemical compounds.
Methionine isa compound.
Methionine works very well in supplements that also include omega fatty acids in their formula.
Methionine works very well in supplements that also include omega fatty acids.
Method actors try to become their character to capture the presence of that character.
Method calls can produce an arbitrary set of results.
Some method calls can nest very deeply.
Some methods of suicide tend to be more dangerous and risky than others.
A method is power
Method facilitates direct measurement and quantitative forecasting of performance changes.
Method isa know-how.
Method looms more important than content.
Methods abound, some more complicated and expensive than others.
Methods achieve results.
Methods add Creates a new namespace object and adds it to the collection.
Methods address issues.
Methods address other such issues.
Methods address research design and modes of data collection.
Methods aim at creating software artifacts through the application of a large number of rules.
Methods allow comparison.
Methods allow the user to obtain the text of the comment.
Methods allow the user to obtain the value of the attribute as well as namespace information.
Methods also can return a reference type.
Methods also exist to obtain the metadata of the enterprise Bean.
Methods also vary on impoundment.
Methods appendMedium Adds the medium newMedium to the end of the list.
Methods apply to all types of educational institutions.
Methods apply to engineer problems.
Methods apply to practical engineer problems.
Methods apply to practical problems.
Methods apply to problems.
Methods are abstract.
Methods are actions associated with an object.
Methods are actions that can be taken using the object.
Methods are adequate for monitoring.
Methods are also available for several smaller batch-type chemistry analyzers.
Methods are also available to secure the actual transmission channel.
Methods are an exception to the versioning and releasing cycle.
Methods are an implied part of the theoretical argument.
Methods are applicable to large and small projects.
Methods are available for accessing information about a given traceroute attempt.
Methods are available for discovering insects in turf.
Methods are available for liquid, spray, and towelette formulations.
Methods are available for prevention of arrhythmia.
Methods are available for removing the nuclei from eukaryotic cells in culture.
Methods are available for taking measurement error into account in some statistical models.
Methods are available to collect exfoliated cells, primarily from epithelial surfaces.
Methods are available to help improve their social, language, and academic skills.
Methods are available to insert edges, check if edges exist, and traverse the list of edges.
Methods are available to insure the safety of any potential witnesses.
Methods are available to separate recoverable material from solid waste.
Methods are available which can yield unmistakable evidence.
Methods are basically functions.
Methods are books.
Methods are classes that include a field experience.
Methods are clear and concise with tables and other illustrations where necessary.
Methods are defined outside of classes and can also be defined for specific objects.
Methods are electrophysiological, biophysical, biochemical, and molecular biological.
Methods are essentially functions that are associated with an object.
Methods are explicit ways of gathering information.
Methods are facilitation, advocacy and information dissemination.
Methods are fields that hold procedure values.
Methods are function or procedures available to an instance of a class.
Methods are functions or actions that a particular object can perform.
Methods are functions or procedures available to instances of a class.
Methods are functions or procedures which manipulate an object's data.
Methods are functions that are defined in an object.
Methods are functions that contain a typed argument list and a body of code.
Methods are functions that perform an action on an object.
Methods are gentle, motivational.
Methods are given for sampling, preserving, and using such mass collections.
Methods are in place to prevent freezing of drugs and supplies in winter.
Methods are informal.
Methods are init, prepare, start, migrate, die.
Methods are instructional techniques that enable learning.
Methods are instructions to objects.
Methods are irrelevant.
Methods are just as easy to add as properties.
Methods are just functions attached to objects.
Methods are labor, time and resource-effective.
Methods are like functions, but they depend on a specific data object.
Methods are mainly machine made with some hand finishing.
Methods are matters of expediency.
Methods are more similar if they operate on the same attributes.
Methods are now available to determine fertility rates in humans.
Methods are overcall structure.
Methods are part of objects just as properties are.
Methods are primarily concerned with the analysis of cross-section data.
Methods are provided for expression of monocot genes in dicot cells.
Methods are provided for isolating and using a whole-saliva leech extract.
Methods are relatively computationally expensive.
Methods are short-term, concrete and measurable.
Methods are similar but there are lots of differences in katas.
Methods are similar to other systems.
Methods are similar to the functions or procedures in procedural languages such as Fortran.
Methods are simply functions that manipulate an object's data.
Methods are simply slots that have functions as their values.
Methods are the means of achieving the school's goals.
Methods are the means or tools of knowing.
Methods are the mechanisms an object has for accessing data within another object.
Methods are the methods by which the data submitted in a form get to their Action.
Methods are the sequences of statements that operate on the data.
Methods are the steps necessary to accomplish the objective.
Methods are the systematic arrangements for gathering and presenting observations.
Methods are the ways of getting it.
Methods are to proofs what procedures are to computations.
Methods are tools for conducting research on issues of social import.
Methods are used by brothers.
Methods are used by business.
Methods are used by chemists.
Methods are used by doctors.
Methods are used by farmers.
Methods are used by geothermal industries.
Methods are used by humans.
Methods are used by industries.
Methods are used by managers.
Methods are widely Eurocentric, the concept of style is projected on non-European cultures.
Methods ask for slurs early on which is fine for trumpet players, but too early for trombones.
Methods Ask the students to say the words out loud.
Methods base on characteristics.
Methods base on demographic characteristics.
Methods base on principles.
Methods base on statistical principles.
Methods base on theories.
Methods based on antibody detection give false negatives if no antibodies have yet been produced.
Methods based on geometrical approaches are of particular interest.
Methods based on histopathology of post-mortem specimens are currently the most useful indicators.
Methods based on polynomial expansions have difficulties to describe the exchange rate data at hand.
Methods begin with a lower case letter.
Methods begin with a lowercase letter.
Methods being studied include cropping systems, soil amendments, and waste water treatment.
Methods bleed about an four winns vistacruiser boat.
Methods block and part-time student teaching.
Methods build on so-called decisions spaces and Lagrangean relaxation techniques.
Methods can also return real objects.
Methods can also return results.
Methods can also take additional arguments.
Methods can appear in either object or class definitions .
Methods can be either Sub or Function procedures.
Methods can be names or operators.
Methods can be on the job training or off the job instruction.
Methods can be qualitative or quantitative, descriptive or experimental.
Methods can be redefined and new objects added at run time.
Methods can be static too.
Methods can call methods of other objects.
Methods can have parameters.
Methods can include calculations, laboratory tests or tests in-situ.
Methods can include source reduction, recycling and reuse alternatives.
Methods can only access the receiver in per-object protection.
Methods can return either values of primitive data types or of reference data types.
Methods can return either values of simple data types or of complex data types.
Methods can return one value.
Methods can return values of various types.
Methods can return values that the caller uses.
Methods can take arguments.
Methods cause an object to perform a task.
Methods change over time.
Methods change over years.
Methods change that reflects the desire to pull off the mission.
Methods change, expectations change, people change.
Methods classes in the teaching of language arts, reading, math, music, art, and physical education.
Methods Collect information and continuously update the site.
Methods Combine the tools of musical and ethnographic analysis in understanding a musical style.
Methods complain over an air jordans nike.
Methods complain over an nike tennis clothing.
Methods consist of one or mores cases .
Methods correspond to existing sections or paragraphs.
Methods Courses ii.
Methods courses in anthropology and sociology are also highly recommended.
Methods cover cross curricular integration.
Methods currently employed include needs assessments, evaluation questionnaires and advisory groups.
Methods define the behavior of objects instantiated from a class.
Methods define what the object can do and are also used to manipulate it.
Methods depend on habits.
Methods describe an object's behavior or actions.
Methods describe the activities to be employed to achieve the desired results.
Methods Describe the procedures used in the lab to gather the data.
Methods destroy Destroys a client object.
Methods determine primary production in mangrove forests.
Methods determine what the object can do.
Methods differ according to country and region, influenced by altitude, climate and topography.
Methods differ depending on whether the priorities are based on objectives or criteria.
Methods differ from processes in that they are disciplined.
Methods differ in how the reference set is obtained and how the measure of fit is calculated.
Methods differ in the operations that they perform.
Methods do change.
Methods do exist to compensate for systematic errors in models.
Methods draw upon both quantitative and qualitative practices, direct and indirect approaches.
Methods emphasize using songs, stories, and the arts to teach classroom subjects.
Methods employed for design include shortcut calculations and computer methods.
Methods employed in ship design include analytical, statistical and experimental approaches.
Methods employed in ship design include analytical, statistical, and experimental approaches.
Methods employed include chromatography and capillary zone electrophoresis.
Methods employed include glass blowng, fusing, slumping, and kiln forming.
Methods employed include legislation, regulation and law enforcement.
Methods employed include questionnaires, interviews, interaction analysis and ethnomethodology.
Methods employed include spectroscopy, potentiometry, chromatography, and titrimetry.
Methods Encourage preventive law and improve access to the system for the average citizen.
Methods Estimating travel demand is very important in the transportation planning process.
Methods evolve through time and experience.
Methods exist for calculating the temperatures in fire-exposed structural members.
Methods exist for regulatory approval of new technologies consistent with the principle.
Methods exist for writing to and reading from the buffer.
Methods exist to address the problems but no common standards are in place.
Methods exist to exec, fork and exec, or fork, exec and wait on the process described.
Methods exist to use available water much more efficiently, but time is running short.
Methods exist to verify such effects.
Methods Explain experimental design, protocols and procedures to be used to accomplish the aims.
Methods Explains the research methods in detail.
Methods expose and disturb soil twice in a rotation.
Methods Feeding methods vary with fry, fingerlings, food fish, and brood fish.
Methods focus individuals skills for the organisation s advantage.
Methods focus on free living, in-vitro cultured, and cellular extracts of parasites.
Methods follow guidelines.
Methods follow principles.
Methods follow protocols.
Methods follow same principles.
Methods generate data related to the question.
Methods generate questionable data.
Methods generate responses.
Methods Get a good sexual history using the four categories of sexual abuse.
Methods Get Returns the value of the counter.
Methods Give details of research plans, techniques, and experiments to be conducted.
Methods give values.
Methods Growing beyond limited education also means examining our methods.
Methods hasten throughout all speed but look timberwolf sleeping bag.
Methods hasten throughout all speed but look timberwolf sleeping bags.
Methods have a name, a return type, and an input list.
Methods have advantage.
Methods have applications.
Methods have aspects.
Methods have detection limits.
Methods have differences.
Methods have distinct advantage.
Methods have distribution.
Methods have drawbacks.
Methods have effects no one talks about.
Methods have follow limitations.
Methods have heat distribution.
Methods have limitations.
Methods have limits.
Methods have major drawbacks.
Methods have many other attributes such as arguments, access control, and so on.
Methods have many other attributes such as parameters, access control, and so on.
Methods have no bodies.
Methods have numerous access specifiers and modifiers that are well documented here .
Methods have numerous access specifiers and modifiers that can be found here .
Methods have places.
Methods have potential drawbacks.
Methods have production.
Methods have several limitations.
Methods have to appear in the header file to be documented.
Methods have to be re-examined and clearly stated by a centralised source.
Methods have to change.
Methods have uniform distribution.
Methods however are only as good as the instructors who teach it.
Methods Identify patients with a diagnosis of COPD at any point in time in the claims database.
Methods implement specific operations that an application can perform on the data.
Methods improve quality.
Methods include bait bucket introductions.
Methods include demonstrations.
Methods include direct examinations.
Methods include examinations.
Methods include factors.
Methods include fission.
Methods include harvest.
Methods include ideas.
Methods include introductions.
Methods include license examinations.
Methods include specific factors.
Methods include techniques.
Methods include tests.
Methods include use.
Methods increase accuracy.
Methods increase detection accuracy.
Methods increase overall accuracy.
Methods involve actions.
Methods involve applications.
Methods involve approaches.
Methods involve biological science.
Methods involve calculations.
Methods involve certain procedures.
Methods involve concepts.
Methods involve determination.
Methods involve energy.
Methods involve integer, floating point, symbolic and algebraic computations.
Methods involve new concepts.
Methods involve observations.
Methods involve procedures.
Methods involve radiation.
Methods involve sampling and interviewing.
Methods involve science.
Methods involve steps.
Methods involve techniques.
Methods involve uncertainty.
Methods involving guns probably account for the greater part of foxes killed.
Methods involving membrane extraction technology and thermal desorption are also under study.
Methods involving solvent extraction are particularly difficult to control.
Methods is a bullet.
Methods is defined as the study design.
Methods know of one arrival still obey nature's answer.
Methods lead to discoveries.
Methods lead to identification.
Methods Let's get back to cases.
Methods Let's start with the simplest to winterize - the minis.
Methods likegrafting, layering etc employs vegetative propagation.
Methods look during all speed but confuse timberwolf sleeping bags.
Methods Make the lights in the room dim.
Methods make the software business a team development environment.
Methods measure photosynthesis.
Methods notice Birth off inch on any easton ice hockey therefore demand against an business.
Methods now exist for propagating beliefs through chains of inference.
Methods now require selection or repetition.
Methods ofsoil analysis.
Methods only work well on objects with uniform surface texture.
Methods operate on the matrix at the top of the stack.
Methods overridden by a subclass can affect the behavior of superclass methods.
Methods perform actions on the objects.
Methods Perform optical measurements of transmembrane potential using voltage sensitive dye.
Methods predict outcomes.
Methods produce best results.
Methods produce results.
Methods produce same results.
Methods produce similar results.
Methods provide a means for ensuring repeatable success and avoiding over-dependence on key staff.
Methods provide a mechanism to divide a big problem down into a number of smaller problems.
Methods provide alternatives.
Methods provide estimations.
Methods provide insight.
Methods provide processing routines that are said to operate on the object.
Methods provide services and access to the properties from outside the component.
Methods range form very complex to rather simple approaches.
Methods range from analytic calculations through computational simulations to experiments.
Methods range from cellular to molecular.
Methods range from connoisseurship to the iconographical and social-historical.
Methods range from formal to informal testing and simulation to team and self-assessment.
Methods range from functional brain imaging to clinical assessment of neurological patients.
Methods range from hand panning to more complex operations utilizing mechanical equipment.
Methods range from manual collecting to Web crawling.
Methods range from peaceful slowing of production to destruction of property.
Methods range from plotting picture-drawing techniques to rather elaborate numerical summaries.
Methods range from simple to moderately difficult.
Methods range from simple tricks to awesome devastation.
Methods range from the close up description of signs to the wide angle view of cultural study.
Methods range from the hand panning to more complex operations utilizing mechanical equipment.
Methods rank from simple binary evaluation to multiple level weighted average.
Methods Read about our stock selection methods.
Methods reduce themselves arms wilt watches drop.
Methods rely on effects.
Methods relying on semantic principles assume that all the relationships are expressed.
Methods remain essentially unchanged, but exhibit cultural adaptations from village to village.
Methods represent sequences of operators, grouped together to accomplish a single goal.
Methods require considerable expertise.
Methods require dispersals.
Methods require effort.
Methods require energy.
Methods require estimations.
Methods require expertise.
Methods require knowledge.
Methods require little effort.
Methods require movement.
Methods require preparation.
Methods require researchers.
Methods require sample preparation.
Methods resemble the procedures or routines in older computing languages.
Methods result in confusion.
Methods result in considerable confusion.
Methods return instance of remote interface stub.
Methods Returns a picture object of the size and depth specified.
Methods Review current approaches to cancer prevention recommended by national organizations.
Methods Review current breast cancer screening recommendations of national organizations.
Methods Review current cervical cancer screening recommendations of national organizations.
Methods Review current colorectal cancer screening recommendations of national organizations.
Methods Review current prostate cancer screening recommendations of national organizations.
Methods Review current skin cancer screening recommendations of national organizations.
Methods rule .
Methods See what commerical fishers think about the plight of salmon.
Methods selected are readily compatible with commonly used forest inventory procedures.
Methods Serve as a vehicle to create awareness in the entertainment industry.
Methods specify exactly how the computations are to be performed.
Methods specify how an action is carried out.
Methods specify how to conduct problem-solving efforts.
Methods stick throughout an new atv.
Methods study, work measurement.
Methods surround and hide the object's nucleus from other objects in the program.
Methods take places.
Methods tell none model from a good ole miss rebels apparel.
Methods think in little dirty dancing movie.
Methods to deal with problems.
Methods typically involve moving the position.
Methods typically start with nonspecific amplification of DNA from one or more cells.
Methods use biology techniques.
Methods use breathe patterns.
Methods use centrifugal forces.
Methods use comparison.
Methods use effective field theories.
Methods use effective theories.
Methods use evidence.
Methods use facts.
Methods use field theories.
Methods use forces.
Methods use gases.
Methods use in analyses.
Methods use in attempts.
Methods use in behavior analyses.
Methods use in trials.
Methods use information.
Methods Use interesting story lines as context for learning.
Methods use knowledge.
Methods use materials.
Methods use molecular biology techniques.
Methods use molecular techniques.
Methods use natural gases.
Methods use patterns.
Methods use samples.
Methods use steps.
Methods use techniques.
Methods use the return operator to return a value.
Methods use theories.
Methods use transformation.
Methods use water.
Methods used are immunocytochemistry, in situ hybridisation, and ligand binding.
Methods used are in vivo intestinal perfusions and in vitro ion transport and metabolic studies.
Methods used are lecture, demonstrations, drills, and play.
Methods used by managers to systematically assess performance.
Methods used by the microbes include toxins, antibiotics, and substrate degradation.
Methods used currently are compression molding, ram extrusion, and warm forging of extruded slugs.
Methods used for optimization are usually 'Limited Memory Quasi Newton' algorithms.
Methods used in genetics and epidemiology to study gene-environment interaction continue to evolve.
Methods used in Scotland and Northern Ireland are broadly similar.
Methods used in the course include reading, writing reflective journals, and role playing.
Methods used include neural blocks, implantable drug delivery systems and spinal cord stimulation.
Methods used include open-ended surveys, interviews, and workshops.
Methods used include public consultations, surveys and visits.
Methods uses in study of religious phenomena.
Methods using behavioural characteristics include voice, signature and pattern of keyboard usage.
Methods using both indices are more reliable than methods using only one index.
Methods vary according to equipment and personal preference.
Methods vary along a dimension of constraint or structure.
Methods vary among the countries where silkoak is grown.
Methods vary and so to do results.
Methods vary as well.
Methods vary but the object is the same.
Methods vary by manufacturer.
Methods vary by operating system.
Methods vary by region of the country.
Methods vary depending on system function.
Methods vary for individual plants.
Methods vary from low to very high intensity.
Methods vary from state to state.
Methods vary from trolling by motorized boat to fly casting or spin casting at creek mouths.
Methods vary slightly so look for specific instructions within each individual database.
Methods vary, from hanging and firing squad to beheading by sword in Saudi Arabia.
Methods view now lists methods names first, in sorted order.
Methods visit between the flour still grow football.
Methods Wash the fish clean and slash it in a crisscross manner.
Methods work and practice teaching are provided in co-operation with local schools.
Methods yield accurate results.
Methods yield best results.
Methods yield information.
Methods yield more plausible results.
Methods yield more results.
Methods yield results.
Methods yield same results.
Methods yield valuable information.
Methods always involve leverage.
Methods usually have individual purpose and are robust in design.
All method have a special result field called 'result'.
All method is a demonstration of history.
All methods achieve the same result and can be used interchangeably.
All methods are acceptable, and all are considered traditional.
All methods are acceptable, just be consistent.
All methods are always in the safety of both horse and rider.
All methods are apparently allowable in the quest for godhood.
All methods are available at no extra cost.
All methods are available with adaptive parameter estimation and automatic stopping tests.
All methods are effective, and when used correctly, safe.
All methods are empirical.
All methods are equally reliable.
All methods are equally valid.
All methods are factory methods.
All methods are fine.
All methods are present.
All methods are public void unless otherwise noted.
All methods are very cost-efficient for storing food.
All methods are very effective.
All methods are virtual by default.
All methods are vulnerable to manipulation and strategy.
All methods assume that the iterator has been initialized.
All methods assume that the single data points are unbiased and uncorrelated.
All methods assume that the underlying list has been initialized.
All methods being passive, the heating method is an active one and can be easily tuned.
All methods bring results.
All methods can be productive during the summer months.
All methods comply to nationally recognized and accepted standards.
All methods consistently unveil the knotty spiral structure.
All methods defined are operators.
All methods defined in the application are commands.
All methods defined in the class are commands.
All methods described above apply to public and private schools, at special school rates.
All methods discussed below are lossy.
All methods have advantages and disadvantages.
All methods have advantages as well as disadvantages.
All methods have an access level of public .
All methods have an associated return type.
All methods have both practical and educational advantages and problems.
All methods have disadvantages when used alone.
All methods have limitations to some degree.
All methods have limited range and accuracy.
All methods have strengths and weaknesses.
All methods have their advantages and disadvantages.
All methods have their own advantages and disadvantages.
All methods have their strong points and their drawbacks.
All methods involve a pre-treatment prior to drying.
All methods involve ongoing expenditures, maintenance and monitoring.
All methods involve the merging of sex cells to begin the development of a new individual.
All methods listed above require a set of anthropometric parameters.
All methods listed are the interface.
All methods make one call per row returned.
All methods offer a choice of font, size, text style, color, and background.
All methods presented are easy to learn and use.
All methods produce new results, but all suffer from limitations and selection effects.
All methods produce records that can be later modified, deleted or reported on.
All methods produce.
All methods provided are accessible in a programmer style and in an interactive shell style.
All methods require a certain amount of time.
All methods require gathering a representative sample for drying.
All methods require making assumptions to be computationally tractable.
All methods require repeated applications to control the rapid re-infestation by saltcedar.
All methods require some incubation time in a warm environment.
All methods require some sensitive test of the presence of disease in the individuals chosen.
All methods reveal the surfaces of the large airways, and the great arteries of the lungs.
All methods start with setting the equation equal to zero.
All methods suffer from limitations.
All methods take a SAXParseException as the only parameter.
All methods take a toll on the image quality.
All methods tries to be backward compatible as much as possible.
All methods use a scenario approach and multiple criteria analysis.
All methods use interpolation to construct a continuous function.
All methods use lossy compression.
All methods use special generator s to convert tidal energy into electricity.
All methods work toward creating harmonious balances within the individual.
All methods work with missing data.
Any method attribute present in the object at the time of the submission for creation is ignored.
Any method can have side effects.
Any method is good enough, provided it is resorted to in right earnest.
Any method is medically appropriate right away.
Any method is put within the body of the class.
Any method is welcomed, from sketchy stuff to Piranesi surfaces.
Any method resulting ina clean, well-bled carcass is satisfactory.
Every method belongs to a class .
Every method has a name, even if it is the only method for the constituent.
Every method has advantages and disadvantages.
Every method has different requirements with respect to grid generation.
Every method involves some subjectivity.
Every method is a compromise.
Every method is a matter of education.
Every method is part of a class.
Every method produces dud candidates.
Every method produces dud peaks.
Many methods are actually safer than pregnancy for young women.
Many methods are appropriate only for certain types of problems.
Many methods are available for many types of people with different goals.
Many methods are available to communicate with the instructor.
Many methods are available to reduce losses, but success varies.
Many methods are available, some preventive and some remedial.
Many methods are controversial, and some are harmful.
Many methods are dependent upon the topic, type of information sought and the form of the product.
Many methods are used for mosquito control.
Many methods are used to graft orphan lambs to other ewes.
Many methods exist by which mutations can be introduced into a specific region of DNA sequence.
Many methods exist for raising objects above a stage or audience.
Many methods exist for solving such problems.
Many methods exist for the construction of such trees.
Many methods exist to measure continuous improvement.
Many methods have merit.
Many methods proposed in the literature provide no uncertainty estimates.
Many methods require that the smoker keep dwelling on the cessation program.
Many methods take one or more arguments .
Many methods work.
Most methods achieve results.
Most methods address other such issues.
Most methods allow comparison.
Most methods apply to engineer problems.
Most methods apply to practical engineer problems.
Most methods apply to practical problems.
Most methods apply to problems.
Most methods are accessible from Python.
Most methods are specific to only a few elements.
Most methods are used by brothers.
Most methods are used by business.
Most methods are used by chemists.
Most methods are used by doctors.
Most methods are used by farmers.
Most methods are used by geothermal industries.
Most methods are used by humans.
Most methods are used by industries.
Most methods are used by managers.
Most methods change over time.
Most methods change over years.
Most methods claim to be a jack of all trades, here is one that tries to be a master of one.
Most methods concentrate on either improving the skills of people or on enhancing a process.
Most methods control pain very effectively.
Most methods depend on a chaotic sequence.
Most methods depend on habits.
Most methods employ one of two enzymes for measurement, either glucose oxidase or hexokinase.
Most methods follow guidelines.
Most methods follow principles.
Most methods follow protocols.
Most methods follow same principles.
Most methods generate responses.
Most methods give greater weight to samples which are closer to the point being estimated.
Most methods give values.
Most methods have advantage.
Most methods have applications.
Most methods have aspects.
Most methods have detection limits.
Most methods have differences.
Most methods have distinct advantage.
Most methods have distribution.
Most methods have drawbacks.
Most methods have heat distribution.
Most methods have limitations.
Most methods have limits.
Most methods have major drawbacks.
Most methods have places.
Most methods have potential drawbacks.
Most methods have production.
Most methods have risks and precautions involved in their use.
Most methods have several limitations.
Most methods have uniform distribution.
Most methods improve quality.
Most methods increase accuracy.
Most methods increase detection accuracy.
Most methods increase overall accuracy.
Most methods involve actions.
Most methods involve applications.
Most methods involve approaches.
Most methods involve biological science.
Most methods involve calculations.
Most methods involve certain procedures.
Most methods involve concepts.
Most methods involve counting any fetal flutter or movement for a period of several hours.
Most methods involve determination.
Most methods involve energy.
Most methods involve measuring the amount of secreted cytokines present in serum or supernatant.
Most methods involve new concepts.
Most methods involve observations.
Most methods involve procedures.
Most methods involve radiation.
Most methods involve science.
Most methods involve sophisticated encryption schemes.
Most methods involve steps.
Most methods involve techniques.
Most methods involve uncertainty.
Most methods just turn it on or off.
Most methods lead to discoveries.
Most methods lead to identification.
Most methods measure photosynthesis.
Most methods obtain information reflecting only declarative knowledge.
Most methods only consider ORFs.
Most methods override the current set of metainformation stored in an anchor .
Most methods predict outcomes.
Most methods prepare clients to take action to help themselves.
Most methods produce best results.
Most methods produce results.
Most methods produce same results.
Most methods produce similar results.
Most methods provide alternatives.
Most methods provide estimations.
Most methods provide insight.
Most methods rely on effects.
Most methods rely on input in the form of character codes.
Most methods require considerable expertise.
Most methods require dispersals.
Most methods require effort.
Most methods require energy.
Most methods require estimations.
Most methods require expertise.
Most methods require isokinetic sampling.
Most methods require knowledge.
Most methods require little effort.
Most methods require movement.
Most methods require preparation.
Most methods require researchers.
Most methods require sample preparation.
Most methods result in confusion.
Most methods result in considerable confusion.
Most methods start with an underscore, indicating they are private.
Most methods take places.
Most methods use biology techniques.
Most methods use breathe patterns.
Most methods use centrifugal forces.
Most methods use comparison.
Most methods use effective field theories.
Most methods use effective theories.
Most methods use evidence.
Most methods use facts.
Most methods use field theories.
Most methods use forces.
Most methods use gases.
Most methods use in analyses.
Most methods use in attempts.
Most methods use in behavior analyses.
Most methods use in trials.
Most methods use information.
Most methods use knowledge.
Most methods use materials.
Most methods use molecular biology techniques.
Most methods use molecular techniques.
Most methods use natural gases.
Most methods use patterns.
Most methods use samples.
Most methods use steps.
Most methods use techniques.
Most methods use theories.
Most methods use transformation.
Most methods use very different approaches.
Most methods use water.
Most methods utilize volunteer typists and rely heavily on abbreviation and summary phrases.
Most methods work but a small black dry takes some beating or a static nymph.
Most methods yield accurate results.
Most methods yield best results.
Most methods yield information.
Most methods yield more plausible results.
Most methods yield more results.
Most methods yield results.
Most methods yield same results.
Most methods yield valuable information.
Some method is needed to show a decision was made.
Some method is used to communicate between the application logic layer and the database service.
Some methods account for facts.
Some methods address negative patterns.
Some methods address negative think patterns.
Some methods advocate a wash in distilled water after drying.
Some methods affect areas.
Some methods affect quality.
Some methods also give an estimation of the benefit of bringing in additional experts.
Some methods appear in multiple groups.
Some methods apply to emotional pain.
Some methods apply to equations.
Some methods apply to pain.
Some methods apply to plants.
Some methods are available with two parameters for right hand-side vectors.
Some methods are better for large cases than small ones.
Some methods are better than others.
Some methods are considerably more costly than others.
Some methods are costly others are complicated.
Some methods are designed for both in situ and ex situ extraction.
Some methods are developed by engineers.
Some methods are developed by researchers.
Some methods are easier than others to hide from a partner.
Some methods are effective for controlling one group of pests and some for others.
Some methods are employed by authors.
Some methods are employed by breeders.
Some methods are employed by foxes.
Some methods are employed by red foxes.
Some methods are extreme, or just silly, with doubtful safety and effectiveness.
Some methods are faster than others to get in good shape.
Some methods are long and involved, but others are quite simple and direct.
Some methods are more appropriate for storing certain types of media.
Some methods are more direct and lasting than others.
Some methods are more effective tha n others.
Some methods are more effective than others but also have more side effects.
Some methods are more effective than others.
Some methods are more effective.
Some methods are more painful than others, some are more expensive, and some last longer.
Some methods are more suitable for some plants than others.
Some methods are more suitable than others for skills training.
Some methods are much more time consuming and costly than others.
Some methods are psychological, some religious, some even mechanical.
Some methods are simple, while others require a high initial start-up cost.
Some methods are simple.
Some methods are still under investigation.
Some methods are traditional.
Some methods are used by astronomers.
Some methods are used by coffee companies.
Some methods are used by companies.
Some methods are used by dolphins.
Some methods are used by gardeners.
Some methods are used by jockeys.
Some methods are used by mammals.
Some methods are used by organisms.
Some methods are used by other mammals.
Some methods are used by other small mammals.
Some methods are used by researchers.
Some methods are used by scientists.
Some methods are used by small mammals.
Some methods are used by snakes.
Some methods are used by squirrels.
Some methods are used in an effort to keep the Arctic Fox population at an even level.
Some methods are useful only during eclipses.
Some methods are very sensitive to small errors in measured data.
Some methods attract pollinators.
Some methods base on intuition.
Some methods begin from scholarship while others rely on personal experience.
Some methods boost excretion.
Some methods boost potassium excretion.
Some methods call for a sit- ting position.
Some methods call other, but most are stand alone.
Some methods can have impact.
Some methods can reduce producer risk and operating expense.
Some methods can reduce sexual pleasure while others can affect overall mood.
Some methods can require more preparation by teachers and provide less flexibility.
Some methods cause cell death.
Some methods cause damage.
Some methods cause death.
Some methods chop up individual chromosomes, others chop up the entire genome.
Some methods commonly used are meditation, self-hypnosis, and audiotapes that play soothing music.
Some methods consider only a few lowest energy conformation of candidate ligands.
Some methods consider only work causes, whereas others explicitly consider alternative explanations.
Some methods continue to add to the pipelining list.
Some methods contribute to death.
Some methods contribute to development.
Some methods cost more than others.
Some methods covered are ethnography, case study, focus groups and interview and field observation.
Some methods create concern.
Some methods create safety concern.
Some methods demonstrate cost.
Some methods demonstrate life cycle cost.
Some methods depend directly or indirectly on the kinetic theory of gases.
Some methods depend on ability.
Some methods depend on availability.
Some methods depend on circumstances.
Some methods depend on local circumstances.
Some methods depend on temperature.
Some methods depend on types.
Some methods detect antibodies.
Some methods detect proteins.
Some methods eliminate problems.
Some methods eliminate radiation damage problems.
Some methods enable comparison.
Some methods encourage dense growth.
Some methods encourage growth.
Some methods enhance differences.
Some methods ensure habitats.
Some methods ensure interior habitats.
Some methods ensure uniformity.
Some methods exist that do model the growth of cities and preserve the idea of districts.
Some methods facilitate extractions.
Some methods facilitate tests.
Some methods focus on cost.
Some methods focus on operate cost.
Some methods follow.
Some methods gather evidence of greater reliability than others.
Some methods give qualitative information on how the user experiences a specific product.
Some methods handle the three problems at once.
Some methods have been in use for years, others are new.
Some methods have benefits.
Some methods have chances.
Some methods have dangerous effects.
Some methods have dangerous side effects.
Some methods have effects.
Some methods have equal chances.
Some methods have great practical impact.
Some methods have impact.
Some methods have little effects.
Some methods have little practical pertinence, others have more.
Some methods have little variation.
Some methods have minor impact.
Some methods have power.
Some methods have practical impact.
Some methods have problems.
Some methods have side effects.
Some methods have sides.
Some methods have variation.
Some methods have visible effects and no return value.
Some methods help grubs.
Some methods help scientists.
Some methods help students.
Some methods improve aerobic fitnesses.
Some methods improve fitnesses.
Some methods improve predictions.
Some methods incorporate extra aeration.
Some methods increase life.
Some methods involve addition.
Some methods involve analyses.
Some methods involve bait.
Some methods involve bombs.
Some methods involve chemicals.
Some methods involve coconut milk.
Some methods involve comparison.
Some methods involve demonstrations.
Some methods involve deposition.
Some methods involve digestion.
Some methods involve digestive enzymes.
Some methods involve effects.
Some methods involve enzymes.
Some methods involve establishments.
Some methods involve examinations.
Some methods involve features.
Some methods involve fission.
Some methods involve food.
Some methods involve heat.
Some methods involve manual removals.
Some methods involve milk.
Some methods involve pesticide bait.
Some methods involve removals.
Some methods involve sophisticated high-tech machinery to confirm dollar authenticity.
Some methods involve tests.
Some methods involve the actual response process, while others focus on site management.
Some methods involve the use of email, but others are entirely Web-based.
Some methods involve time.
Some methods kill mosquitoes.
Some methods kill silverfishs.
Some methods know as brachiations.
Some methods lead to development.
Some methods make senses.
Some methods offer benefits.
Some methods offer protection against STIs, while others offer none.
Some methods offer social benefits.
Some methods offer solutions.
Some methods offer the opportunity to buy bons.
Some methods only apply to server endpoints and some only apply to client endpoints.
Some methods perform the same number of operations every time they are called.
Some methods permit movement of the image.
Some methods perpetuate an insidious condition.
Some methods present in articles.
Some methods produce fruit.
Some methods produce products.
Some methods provide cost.
Some methods provide examples.
Some methods provide health.
Some methods provide identification.
Some methods provide measurements.
Some methods provide protection.
Some methods provide tests.
Some methods receive attention.
Some methods receive input.
Some methods receive much attention.
Some methods receive user input.
Some methods recommend various places to put the attention.
Some methods reduce chances.
Some methods reduce erosion.
Some methods reduce soil erosion.
Some methods relate to environments.
Some methods rely more heavily on the researcher's previous knowledge.
Some methods rely on evidence.
Some methods rely on fossil evidence.
Some methods rely on observations.
Some methods require a logon.
Some methods require a parameter that is a reference to a String object.
Some methods require detailed task descriptions while others are task-independent.
Some methods require elimination.
Some methods require experience.
Some methods require experimentation.
Some methods require extensive human interaction.
Some methods require extensive interaction.
Some methods require harvest.
Some methods require hominid specimens.
Some methods require human interaction.
Some methods require information about the parents to work.
Some methods require intensive labor.
Some methods require interaction.
Some methods require labor.
Some methods require miracles.
Some methods require parents to be specified.
Some methods require polygons to be non-intersecting.
Some methods require simulation.
Some methods require specimens.
Some methods require types.
Some methods result in injuries.
Some methods return a reference-counted object without affecting the object's reference count.
Some methods return information about relationships.
Some methods reveal differences.
Some methods show clarity.
Some methods show effectiveness.
Some methods show superior clarity.
Some methods solve problems.
Some methods specify two separate tubes connected in series.
Some methods stresses intervallic reading of notes from the beginning.
Some methods suggest imagining a point of light behind the forehead and between the eyes.
Some methods take weeks to show improvement.
Some methods use acid or enzyme steps to increase the yield of spermatogonial cells for analysis.
Some methods use chemicals.
Some methods use computer simulation.
Some methods use concepts.
Some methods use current.
Some methods use detection.
Some methods use efficient engines.
Some methods use efficient ion engines.
Some methods use electric current.
Some methods use engines.
Some methods use fluorescent detection.
Some methods use for asexual reproduction.
Some methods use for cystic fibrosis sweat tests.
Some methods use for detection.
Some methods use for determination.
Some methods use for estimations.
Some methods use for exploration.
Some methods use for fibrosis sweat tests.
Some methods use for identification.
Some methods use for laboratory identification.
Some methods use for long term storage.
Some methods use for reproduction.
Some methods use for storage.
Some methods use for survival estimations.
Some methods use for term storage.
Some methods use for tests.
Some methods use heat.
Some methods use ion engines.
Some methods use latex rubber.
Some methods use low electric current.
Some methods use measurements.
Some methods use numerical measurements.
Some methods use rubber.
Some methods use simulation.
Some methods use the doctor's hands, an instrument, a special table or the force of gravity.
Some methods utilize principles.
Some methods work better than others if they work at all.
Some methods work better than others with different soil types.
Some methods work better than others, but it is the desired result that counts.
Some methods work better than others.
Some methods work faster than others.
Some methods work for plants.
Some methods work in a few hours, and other methods require weeks or even months for success.
Some methods work well for some data sets and poorly for others.
Some methods work with any object, and some are specific to one object.
Some methods yield types.
Methodical management uses the living environment in a meaningful and planned way.
Methodical programming requires an expressive language.
Methodical study is inductive.
Methodical tactics take one barricade at a time.
Methodist ministers is scattered throughout the conference minutes and a variety of other sources.
Methodist salaries are commensurate with experience and highly competitive in our region.
Methodologic biases are unlikely to account for the study's findings.
Methodologic innovation involves extending the gene shaving approach to continous phenotypes.
Methodological approach can be quantitative or qualitative.
All methodological approaches are welcome.
Methodological bases are alike.
Methodological concerns focus on experimentation.
Methodological emphasis is placed on intensive and systematic ethnography.
Methodological factors affect the success of hypnosis memory recall .
Methodological individualism is of course one of the key doctrines of Austrian economics.
Methodological individualism is of the essence.
Methodological issues limit the validity of the meta-analysis ii .
Methodological issues related to the theme of the conference are also welcome.
Many methodological issues have to be considered.
Some methodological issues can be, however, exposed beforehand.
Methodological knowledge is attached to the various sequence analysis methods.
Methodological limitations suggest caution in interpreting the evidence of medical cost offset.
Methodological naturalism is a way of acquiring knowledge.
Methodological naturalism is the principle underlying all of modern science.
Methodological purity breeds suspicion.
Methodological reductionism claims that, in science, 'small is beautiful'.
Methodological rigor favours the particular.
Methodological solipsism is open to a number of objections.
Methodological transfer is far more popular than epistomological integration.
Methodological work is also underway on time series, in the two climate and health studies.
Methodological work is ongoing within several of the programme's projects.
A methodology is epistemology
Methodologies account for variation.
Methodologies also help developers nail down requirements earlier to avoid changes and scope creep.
Methodologies are epistemology.
Methodologies are methods.
Methodologies are numerous and each assumes a position on the nature of mind and person.
Methodologies are taxonomies, or well-organized collections, of related methods.
Methodologies are the way programs and systems are developed.
Methodologies are varied and have produced mixed results.
Methodologies can also devolve into sales pitches.
Methodologies can also slash costs.
Methodologies can be formal or informal.
Methodologies concerning the topic are also of great interest.
Methodologies depend on factors.
Methodologies depend on several factors.
Methodologies describe procedures.
Methodologies Describe the standards for research design adopted by the school under consideration.
Methodologies Describe the standards for research design adopted by the school underconsideration.
Methodologies drive approaches.
Methodologies eliminate defects.
Methodologies involve sequential steps.
Methodologies involve steps.
Methodologies provide accurate solutions.
Methodologies provide solutions.
Methodologies range from cautious moderation, to activism, to insurgency, to violence.
Methodologies reduce failures, rework, and confusion over what to do next.
Methodologies support management.
Methodologies used are both physiologic and behavioral.
Methodologies used in the classroom also vary widely.
Methodologies used include computer assisted drafting.
Methodologies vary according to the individual instructor.
Methodology defines how the project is managed without impacting the effort's uniqueness.
Methodology Describes the refined scientific means to understand deeper aspects of reality.
Methodology emphasizes anthropological ethnographic techniques and findings.
Methodology emphasizes methods of sound practical reasoning, deductive logic and language analysis.
Methodology emphasizes the concept of comprehensible input.
Methodology exists as a pre-approved minor field.
Methodology Go to the next , previous , or main section.
Methodology includes a measurement of the implications on patient outcomes.
Methodology includes classroom lectures, discussion, and student presentation.
Methodology includes lectures, assignments, discussions, readings, and films.
Methodology includes lectures, assignments, readings, films and discussions.
Methodology includes lectures, class discussions, written assignments, tests and a term paper.
Methodology includes lectures, demonstrations, drills, but mostly play.
Methodology includes lectures, demonstrations, slides, a guest lecturer, and a field trip.
Methodology includes role-playing, improvisational music, song writing, and lyric analysis.
Methodology includes seminars, long-term projects, and resource persons.
Methodology includes short lectures, video, films, and media analysis discussions.
Methodology includes the collection and integration of shoreface and shoreline data.
Methodology includes the use of interviews, focus groups, materials development, and field testing.
Methodology including design, sampling, data collection, and data analysis is explored in depth.
Methodology involves a combination of field data, experimental data and computer modelling.
Methodology is a key focus, as are studies of agriculturally useful traits.
Methodology is an important aspect of researching a subject.
Methodology is an optional section that clarifies more complex details.
Methodology is at discretion of the district as long as it is appropriate.
Methodology is based on mathematical modelling, experimental economics and econometrics.
Methodology is based on strengthening citizenship and self-esteem.
Methodology is critically important too.
Methodology is described in all reports.
Methodology is discussed as well as implications for the findings.
Methodology is discussed, and some recent studies are examined.
Methodology is discussed, both as originally proposed, and as revised according to field situations.
Methodology is entertainment-education.
Methodology is explored.
Methodology is how observers go about their observations and explanations of social reality.
Methodology is needed to adjust for other structural and behavioral effects.
Methodology is often the weakest part of a proposal.
Methodology is participative.
Methodology is provided for setting priorities for corrective action.
Methodology is real-world oriented through use of simulations, cases or field work.
Methodology is real-world oriented through use of simulations, cases or Field work.
Methodology is solely within the responsibility and authority of the school district.
Methodology is stressed.
Methodology is such a game.
Methodology is supported by netesoft.
Methodology is the key.
Methodology is the last refuge of the sterile mind.
Methodology is the same.
Methodology is the study of research methods.
Methodology is what's most important.
Methodology is, as always key.
Methodology isa cognition.
Methodology isa knowledge.
Methodology Learn about our research and our methodology.
Methodology Make evolutionary assumptions .
Methodology plays a less important role in explaining differences.
Methodology provides that process in a repeatable and auditable manner.
Methodology refers to a theoretically informed framework.
Methodology related to elementary mathematics is presented.
Methodology relies heavily on cases, experiential exercises and teamwork.
Methodology requires an understandable systematic presentation.
Methodology See constituent tests.
Methodology varies among institutions.
Methodology varies for each individual dataset.
All methodologies have advantages and disadvantages.
Many methodologies provide some guidance on estimating and scheduling.
Most methodologies account for variation.
Most methodologies also add quality checkpoints to avoid errors later.
Most methodologies depend on factors.
Most methodologies depend on several factors.
Most methodologies describe procedures.
Most methodologies drive approaches.
Most methodologies eliminate defects.
Most methodologies involve sequential steps.
Most methodologies involve steps.
Most methodologies provide accurate solutions.
Most methodologies provide solutions.
Most methodologies recommend separating data, logic, and presentation.
Most methodologies support management.
Some methodologies account for differences.
Some methodologies are more appropriate for certain sectors than others.
Some methodologies enable engineers.
Some methodologies focus on light.
Some methodologies focus on schedules.
Some methodologies have inability.
Some methodologies have steps.
Some methodologies provide important information.
Some methodologies provide information.
Some methodologies support activities.
Some methodologies support interrelate activities.
Some methodologies use in applications.
Some methodologies use in calculations.
Some methodology is okay, but keep it short and non-technical.
Methods engineering is introduced as an important underpinning of the quality control system.
A methotrexate is an antimetabolite
Methotrexate acts by inhibiting the action of the enzyme tetrahydrofolate reductase.
Methotrexate alone provides tumor control within the brain, spinal fluid and covert systemic sites.
Methotrexate interferes with folate synthesis.
Methotrexate interferes with the vitamin folic acid and kills rapidly growing cells.
Methotrexate terminates pregnancy by blocking cells from multiplying and dividing.
Methotrexate works by blocking folic acid and preventing cell division in the developing pregnancy.
Methotrexate works by interfering with the development of rapidly dividing cells in the human body.
Methotrexates are drugs.
Methotrexates are immunosuppressants.
Methow customers can now access all websites.
Methow customers can now connect and access all websites.
Methven walkway provides good views for mountain bikers, walkers and runners.
A methyl bromide is a bromide
Some methyl bromide is formed naturally by algae or kelp in the ocean.
Methyl chloroform is a metal-cleaning agent.
Methyl chloroform is absent in the free atmosphere prior to spin-up.
A methyl group is a radical
Methyl groups appear to prevent genes that cause diseases from being expressed.
Methyl mercury can damage the central nervous system.
Methyl parathion is a poisonous chemical that affects the central nervous system.
Methyl parathion is a powerful poison that affects the central nervous system.
Methyl parathion is a restricted use pesticide applied aerially and by ground methods.
Methyl parathion is a very toxic material, but it breaks down quickly.
Methyl parathion is an insecticide that comes in two forms, white crystals or a brownish liquid.
Methyl parathion is an organophosphate used as an insecticide and acaricide.
Methyl parathion is illegal for indoor pesticide use because it acts as a nerve agent.
Methyl parathion is one member of a large class of insecticides known as organophosphates, or OPs.
Methyl parathion is one of the most important insecticides.
Methyl parathion is registered only for outdoor use, chiefly on cotton fields.
Methyl parathion is used to kill insects on farm crops, especially cotton.
Methyl violets are metachromatic, and are often used to demonstrate amyloid.
Methyl is a radical
METHyl treats each methyl group as an unresolved group of protons.
Methyls can never be part of a ring.
Methylated genes are silent, blocked by a molecular cap.
Methylated mercury causes chronic damage to the brain.
Methylated spirit is denatured alcohol
Methylated spirits contains methyl alcohol, which is toxic and can cause blindness if drunk.
Methylphenidate hydrochloride is a white, odorless, fine crystalline powder.
METI publishes the data on the production index as a service to the public.
Metical notes come in different denominations.
Meticulous application is necessary.
Meticulous attention is directed in retracing downstrokes, particularly in the lowercase letter m.
Meticulous attention is given to the health and well-being of each animal.
Meticulous attention is paid to detail.
Meticulous attention is paid to the processing product.
Meticulous attention is paid to works in progress.
Meticulous care goes into developing and evaluating each test.
Meticulous care goes into the writing, development, research, and evaluation of each test.
Meticulous care is necessary to prevent maceration and secondary infection.
Meticulous care is taken and advice is given freely.
Meticulous care is taken to ensure that everything is right.
Meticulous craftsmanship is employed throughout the construction process.
Meticulous detail is given to correct particle sizes and proper blending.
Meticulous detail is still the order of the day.
Meticulous documentation is a crucial part of Misty's philosophy as the photographs show.
Meticulous documentation is the key to success in proving a lineage.
Meticulous effort is made to keep the two sets separate.
Meticulous entries offer a historical overview for each object.
Meticulous hygiene eliminates bacterial and fungal growth, thereby reducing the chance of infection.
Meticulous hygiene is essential to prevent reinfection.
Meticulous hygiene is vital to prevent the spread of infection.
Meticulous landscaping surrounds the swimming pool.
Meticulous machines sort out straw, husks, dirt and broken kernels.
Meticulous maintenance is the other key ingredient.
Meticulous management is thus crucial in detecting and avoiding health problems.
Meticulous owner has all service records and log book with every gas-up recorded.
Meticulous packaging is essential .
Meticulous planning is the key to accommodating the special needs of call center operations.
Meticulous preparation is critical.
Meticulous preparation makes the meal.
Meticulous research is assured.
Metis culture is as distinct a culture as any others found in the world.
Metolious specification provides a flexible management interface abstraction.
Metonic cycle is correct.
A metonym is a word
Metonyms are substitutions based on association.
Metonymy is an image
Metonymy therefore is a viable form because it simultaneously reveals and conceals the real world.
Metre isa unit.
Metres have (part) centimeters.
Metres have (part) centimetres.
Metres have (part) cms.
Metric conversion chart for needles and hooks.
Metric conversions are important.
Metric converter includes foreign clothing sizes and currency converter.
Metric data is of little importance if it is never used.
Metric displays read to hundredths of a millimeter.
Metric equivalent is approximate.
Metric equivalents are preferred.
Metric flow is in cubic meters per second and English flow is cubic feet per second.
Metric gears are another story.
Metric martyr goes on trial.
Metric measures make calibration of instruments and equipment much easier.
Metric measurement is based on the decimal system.
Metric measurements are preferred.
All metric measurements use the same prefixes in the same way.
All metric models can support gravity waves.
Metric monsters can occur during the identification, collection or application of software metrics.
Metric numbers gives an idea of Jude dimension.
Metric ports are also available.
Metric precision increases little if five replicates are collected instead of three.
Metric prefixes are pretty easy to understand and very handy for metric conversions.
Metric prefixes come in handy for expressing both large and small quantities.
Metric progress continues.
Metric ranges are also available.
Metric rules give developers information about the size and complexity of their code.
Most metric rulers have lines indicating centimeters and millimeters.
Metric scores show steady improvement.
Metric signage is otherwise rare or nonexistent on Hawaii's highways.
Metric sizes are also available.
Metric sizes are available in consumer packs, free standing displays, and larger bags.
Metric sizes are available upon request.
Metric space is a set
Metric space is space
Metric spaces are also of basic importance for the study of fractals and iterated function systems.
Metric spaces are important in topology and modern analysis.
Metric spaces satisfy all the separation axioms.
Metric suggestions are welcome.
A metric system is a metric
Metric system is used in science and is in common use in many European countries.
Metric system is used to measure in m, l, and g. Volume of cylinder calculated, graphing.
Metric taper handles that quite unambiguously.
Metric threads use a different system for pitch diameter tolerances.
Metric traits are the measured variations of bones.
A metric unit is an unit
Metric units are preferred.
Metric units are the units most commonly used in physics.
Metric units are units of measurement.
Metric version analyzes single web beams only.
Metric versions are also available.
A metric is an amount
Metrics are a statistical indicator of the likelihood of an error occurring in a portion of code.
Metrics are any method used in measurement.
Metrics are available in real time, resulting in actionable data.
Metrics are clear and quantifiable.
Metrics are critical to long-term success, but ensure that metrics reflect the business goals.
Metrics are expensive and are a poor use of typically scarce usability resources.
Metrics are no longer something used as history, but rather used as tools to proactively manage.
Metrics are often overlooked and their value underestimated by most managers.
Metrics are syllables, monosyllabic words, stresses and length that create a pattern in the verse.
Metrics are the measures that indicate if a strategy or action has been completed successfully.
Metrics are the sizes of various elements on the display.
Metrics begin at scope and end at scope, inclusive.
Metrics calculate the complexity of the code.
Metrics can track everything from programmer productivity to business value.
Metrics change due to local conditions.
Metrics consist of the number of tests successfully run.
Metrics differ depending on the design of the routing algorithm being used.
Metrics essentially represent the recruiting actions and their results.
Metrics establish objective measures by which true progress can be determined.
Metrics Follow the numbers.
Metrics gathering and reporting is still a problem within DoD and needs to be addressed.
Metrics help, but sometimes they cause harm.
Metrics is essential in the process.
Metrics play a big role here.
Metrics play a significant role.
Metrics provide a direct link between quality management and business performance.
Metrics provide the means for measuring process improvements.
Metrics refer to the comparable companies that are competitors within the same sector.
Metrics set by different groups can be inconsistent.
Metrics signal changes in process performance.
Metrics span the entire scope of a software project, providing insight into software processes.
All metrics usually show a positive correlation with perceived image quality.
Any metric obtained by a diffeomorphism of flat space, is also flat.
Some metrics clearly are very important, and others don t seem to matter as much.
Metrical forces shit.
A metrication is an action
Metrication boils down to a desire for uniformity, with no deviations from the norm.
Metrication is complete or nearly complete in almost all countries.
Metrication is now under way in the United States.
Metrication is unnecessary and unpopular.
Metrication means people have lost all sense of value.
Metrication sounds like a good idea.
A metrification is an action
Metrification is important because nearly all world trade involves metric goods.
A metritis is a symptom
Metritis carcasses with acute metritis.
Metro access commands a premium.
Metro Area is Boston to Baltimore.
Metro areas are bands.
Metro areas attract people because of expanding job opportunities, sure.
Many metro areas rank traffic problems up there with crime and drugs.
Metro City needs a hero.
Metro networks mark their first and only point of direct interaction.
Metro Subway is closed on Sundays.
A metro is a railroad
Metro isa railroad.
Metro isa railway.
Metro rates all classes of non-tenured faculty.
Metro trains in both directions.
Metro zoning classifies homeless shelters as multi-family dwellings.
Metros aggregate the most links to information.
Metros are musicals.
Metros are railways.
Metros investigate incidents.
All Metros have a center console with a pair of cupholders.
Most metros investigate incidents.
Some metros add construction jobs.
Some metros add jobs.
MetroLINK employees celebrate the holidays in service.
A metrology is science
Metrologies are science.
Metrology covers the whole characterization tool set.
Metrology forms the basis of all weights and measures work.
Metrology is a continuously developing area, as illustrated by the photo below.
Metrology is a plus.
Metrology is measurement science.
Metrology is the science of measurement and is the backbone of all science.
Metrology is the science of measurement.
Metrology is the scientific study of measurement.
Metronidazole metabolites accumulate in renal failure.
A metronidazole is medicine
Metronidazole does cause cancer in rodent studies.
Metronidazole produces dark colored urine.
Metronidazole treats giardia.
Metronidazoles are drugs.
Metronidazoles are medicine.
Metronidazole often causes nausea , vomiting , and diarrhea .
Metronome use is a second key technique.
A metronome is a pendulum
Metronome plays any meter with accents and subdivisions.
Metronomes are a good way to practice playing in time.
Metronomes are boring but nessecary.
Metronomes are great for timing and tempo practice.
Metronomes are located in cabinets.
Metronomes are located in music schools.
Metronomes are located in music stores.
Metronomes are located in pianos.
Metronomes are machines.
Metronomes are pendulums.
Metronomes are used for rhythms.
Metronomes are used for time.
Metronomes vary substantially, and in music for picture, the tempi can be quite complex.
Metronomic discipline produces evenness.
A metropolis is a municipality
Metropolis coronata, the trivmphs of ancient drapery.
Metropolitan areas are highly competitive.
Metropolitan areas are more expansive than cities.
Metropolitan areas are out of balance with the environment upon which they depend . . .
Metropolitan areas are prone to high levels of ozone, but no region is immune.
Many metropolitan areas have such programs.
Most metropolitan areas have a repeater tower that also has phone patch capabilities.
Most metropolitan areas have a variety of direct Internet providers available.
Some metropolitan areas are even steeper, the study finds.
Metropolitan attractions are also easily accessible by car, bus or train.
Metropolitan coalitions begin from two basic understandings.
Most metropolitan districts have large class sizes and higher teacher salaries.
Metropolitan growth is sprawled to accommodate the private auto as the main transportation mode.
Metropolitan networks are much more complex.
All metropolitan newspapers are available at the local stores.
Metropolitan parks are generally resource-based and often include a major water amenity.
Many metropolitan people have questions about lawns and gardens.
Metropolitan police say there have been seven arrests so far.
Metropolitan region is an extended campus for learning.
All metropolitan regions function as unified economic units.
Metrosexual men are known to act like the stereotypical homosexual man .
Metrosexual men are known to act like the stereotypical homosexual man.
A mew is a seagull
Mews is made from news and muse.
Mexican airports require flight plans.
Mexican architecture has many Indian motifs and details, and religious themes.
Mexican art has an original style that boasts of uniqueness and diversity.
Mexican Artisans are very talented.
Many Mexican artists have their work stampeded by that something which makes it Mexican.
Mexican authorities are only good for Mexican authorities.
Mexican authorities believe it was a case of mistaken identity.
Mexican authorities intend to finance the entire public sector deficit in the domestic market.
Mexican authorities say nothing new has been unearthed.
Mexican authorities say the distinction hinges on whether the food is fresh.
Mexican bakeries operate on a system.
Mexican bandits attack the train from a hillside and from horseback.
Mexican banks are back from the dead.
Mexican beaches are often criss-crossed with a wide choice of paths.
All Mexican beaches are open to the public.
Mexican bean beetles become pests.
Mexican bean beetles have complete metamorphosis.
Mexican bean beetles have metamorphosis.
Mexican bean beetles resemble beneficial ladybugs.
Mexican bean beetles resemble ladybugs.
Mexican beans have a particular character to their taste.
Some mexican beans have capsules.
Mexican beer is a better choice.
Mexican beer is also very nice because of it's light body.
Mexican beer is another reason to go south.
Mexican beers are some of the best in the world and the tequila speaks for itself.
Most Mexican beer is average or below average in quality.
Some Mexican beers show their European heritage.
Mexican beetles become pests.
Mexican beetles have complete metamorphosis.
Mexican beetles have metamorphosis.
Mexican beetles resemble beneficial ladybugs.
Mexican beetles resemble ladybugs.
Most mexican beetles become pests.
Most mexican beetles have complete metamorphosis.
Most mexican beetles have metamorphosis.
Most mexican beetles resemble beneficial ladybugs.
Most mexican beetles resemble ladybugs.
Mexican buckeye grows in a number of riparian woodland communities.
Mexican buses are generally frequent, efficient, and inexpensive.
Mexican buses get a bad rap stateside, with accounts of attacks, robberies and accidents.
Mexican businessmen wear a cool, short sleeved shirt designed to fit outside their trousers.
Mexican capital is part of Mexico.
Most Mexican capital is part of Mexico.
Mexican carrier prepares the shipment of the computer cargo for the trip into Mexico's interior.
Mexican cattle love it.
Mexican charms are impossible to resist.
Mexican cheese is available on any dish by request.
Mexican cheeses are more spicy and flavorful than a typical cheddar or American cheese.
Mexican chickadees inhabit woodlands and adjacent forests and chaparral.
Mexican children love marshmallows.
Mexican children use art to transform ugliness into beauty.
Mexican chocolate is available in most Latino markets.
Mexican chorizo is made with fresh pork, while the Spanish version uses smoked pork.
All Mexican cities have a cathedral.
All Mexican cities have a gay population.
Mexican coffee is great.
Mexican coffees are wet-processed.
Mexican coffees highlight the evening s finishing touches.
Mexican colleges are alsoeligible.
Mexican companies pay off a part of their debt to banks in the United States.
Most Mexican consumers consider corn tortillas with a white color an important quality trait.
Mexican cooks grind nixtamal into masa, which they use to make tortillas.
Mexican cooking blends the worlds of Indian and Hispanic.
Mexican cooking is a classic cuisine that combines numerous cultural traditions.
Mexican cooking is a mixture of both native and Spanish styles.
Mexican cooking uses ingredients that are easy to find and quick to prepare.
Mexican cooperation is critical because U.S. authorities have no arrest powers here.
Mexican cops use whistles to signal each other and to scare off troublemakers.
Mexican corruption plays the key role to understanding the nature of Mexican authoritarianism.
Mexican crafts are worth buying, but the sales tactics are seriously aggressive.
Mexican cuisine consists of so many more regional dishes that are impossible to make here.
Mexican cuisine has many ingredients.
Mexican cuisine is a favorite in town, but there are many restaurants which cater to other tastes.
Mexican cuisine is meat-centered.
Mexican cuisine is offered in a few fine restaurants in Europe and the United States.
Mexican cuisine is very creative when it comes to salads.
Mexican cuisine offers spicy variety to any table.
Mexican culture is a unique blend of thousands of years of human interaction.
Mexican culture is everywhere.
Mexican culture is founded on church and family.
Mexican culture is very old.
Mexican culture plays a vital role in the success of conducting business in Mexico.
Mexican culture recognizes death as an implicit consequence of life.
Mexican culture runs at an entirely different pace than that of the United States.
Many Mexican cultures wear black to weddings and white to funerals.
Mexican customs is the next stop.
Many Mexican dances have religious undertones while others depict regions in Mexico.
Mexican desserts tend to be fried and topped with honey.
Mexican drivers can drive here in the states, but our trucks are still stopped at the border.
Mexican drought continues.
Mexican expert sees danger in undefined maritime border.
Mexican experts concur that guest- worker programs often fall short.
Mexican faces abound.
Mexican faculty is hired to supplement teaching depending on the program needs.
Mexican families are large and they get together at every opportunity.
Mexican families are very open and eager to make the student's stay pleasant.
Mexican families get decent housing by helping themselves.
Most Mexican families live in shacks, without electric or water.
Mexican fare is well represented, as is French and Italian.
Mexican farmers are desperate for more irrigation.
Mexican farmers use it all, leaving only a trickle in the riverbed.
Mexican fighters are tough mothers, hard man.
Mexican fire agate with gold and green.
Mexican firms focus more on trucks and other heavy equipment.
Mexican fishermen are no longer able to make a living there.
Mexican fisheries produce shrimps, prawns, oysters, sardine and tuna.
Mexican flags hang throughout the home.
Mexican folklore has it that pigs are very fond of pomegranate roots.
Mexican food can be full of flavor without heavy dose of fat and calories.
Mexican food comprises more than tacos, tamales and burritos.
Mexican food has a lot of spices and they all use a lot of chili peppers.
Mexican food has many options such as beans and rice, tortillas, salsa and guacamole.
Mexican food has tons of calories.
Mexican food is a family owned company.
Mexican food is a national cuisine here in America in the same way that Indian food is in England.
Mexican food is also available along with a deli, grill, bakery and salad bar.
Mexican food is artifacts.
Mexican food is as varied as any other nation's.
Mexican food is deceptively simple.
Mexican food is difficult to prepare and the ingredients are hard to find.
Mexican food is full of fried food such as refried beans and fried tacos.
Mexican food Is good only when prepared and served hot.
Mexican food is lethal.
Mexican food is made fresh and delicious.
Mexican food is more than taco shells and beans.
Mexican food is one of America's favorite ethnic foods.
Mexican food is organic matter.
Mexican food is popular throughout the world.
Mexican food is relatively simple to prepare and it is one of the healthiest cuisines available.
Mexican food is served here.
Mexican food is so popular now.
Mexican food is too elaborate, too old-fashioned for Paris.
Mexican food is very popular.
Mexican food is wonderful, fascinating stuff.
Mexican food seems to go well with something that's got a kick to it.
Mexican food tends to have big portions.
Mexican foods are especially popular.
Some Mexican food is quite high in fat and sodium, so choose carefully.
Mexican fruit has spicy taste.
Mexican fruit has taste.
Most mexican fruit has spicy taste.
Some Mexican furnishings contain lead paint.
Mexican gals are good with kids.
Mexican girls are very pretty.
Mexican government has commitment to the environment.
Mexican grays are the smallest and most endangered subspecies of the gray wolf.
Mexican growers can produce crops cheaper than their American counterparts.
Mexican growers face a tough year.
Mexican growth is very fast.
Mexican hackers speak out .
Mexican heroin is generally lower in purity than white heroin.
Mexican heroin is readily available at the wholesale and retail levels in the West Region.
Mexican history records the exploration and settlement of Spanish colonists and ranchers.
Most Mexican homes decorate with a nativity scene.
Mexican house is for rent in a safe and green neighborhood.
Mexican houses tend to be open and their ceilings high.
Mexican households consist of an average of five or six people.
Mexican immigrants are people.
Mexican immigrants become a source of cheap farm labor in the Southwest.
Mexican immigrants continue to seek economic opportunities.
Mexican Immigrants Rise to Power in Rural California.
Mexican immigrants say racism has grown more subtle over time but still exists.
Mexican immigrants working near the border regularly cross into Mexico for low-cost health care.
Some Mexican immigrants come into our public libraries expecting to buy books.
Mexican immigration is responsible for the bulk of the change.
Mexican imports are very low.
Mexican influences remain strong.
Mexican insurance is required for all vehicles, including rental vehicles.
Mexican insurance is required.
Mexican intellectuals fear for country s political well-being An exceptional teacher Retention vs.
Mexican investors face an exchange-rate risk.
Mexican jade is dyed onyx.
Mexican journalists are among the most underpaid in North America.
Mexican journalists grumble that the foreign press gets preferential treatment.
Most Mexican kids are more responsible.
Most Mexican kids work for everything.
Mexican labor is the backbone of many blue- collar industries in Colorado and the nation.
More Mexican labor is imported.
Mexican laborers trudge home.
Mexican law agrees.
Mexican law allows foreigners to own real estate.
Mexican law allows the companies also to bring in machinery and equipment from the outside.
Mexican law bans foreign involvement in domestic politics.
Mexican law is hard on violent criminals.
Mexican law prohibits foreign interference in local politics.
Mexican law prohibits foreigners getting involved in domestic politics.
Mexican law recognizes and incorporates the legal systems of the indigenous populations.
Mexican law requires companies to pay a severance of one month for every year of employment.
Mexican law requires that Mexican nationals be the majority owner of a business.
Mexican law states that beaches are public property.
Mexican law states that workers have the right to strike and to close production facilities.
Mexican law treats all traffic accidents as both a civil and criminal offense.
Mexican laws favor Mexican workers.
Mexican laws regarding nationality by birth are very open.
Mexican leadership is confused.
Mexican legend has it that the poinsettia originated in a miracle.
Mexican limes are the same type of lime as Caribbean Key limes, small and very flavorful.
Mexican literature see Spanish American literature .
Many Mexican locals depend upon tourism for their livelihoods, and most welcome visitors warmly.
Mexican lore has it that the gods made men from maize after mud failed to do the trick.
Many Mexican men are also on the lookout for adventure, romance or a night on the town.
Mexican masks represent the blending of two cultures.
Mexican masons are true artisans.
Some mexican meals are made of flowers.
Mexican migrants make similar treks to their villages from Florida, Texas and the Carolinas.
Mexican mountains rise up across the distant blue Pacific, peppered by a symmetry of palms.
Mexican music goes right to the heart.
Mexican music is wonderful.
Mexican music plays on stages placed in several locations throughout the event.
Mexican music plays on the sound system.
Mexican nurses go through a different process.
Mexican officials acknowledge they lack the resources for a full assault on the fires.
Mexican officials agree.
Mexican officials call that last kind of smuggling ant traffic.
Mexican officials dispute the findings.
Mexican officials have no jurisdiction in the United States.
Mexican officials hold an opposite view.
Mexican officials indicate that they also are seeking FTAs with Panama, Singapore and Japan.
Mexican officials report weevils trapped in Yuma Valley.
Mexican officials say the extra-wide concrete roadbed is designed to handle the largest trucks.
Mexican officials say they are cracking down.
Mexican officials say they did nothing wrong.
Mexican officials say they have improved their inspections in the last few years.
Mexican oil is in abundance.
Mexican oil is today only a small part of world production.
Mexican onyx is a variety of calcite that is used extensively for ornamental purposes.
Mexican opening includes petrochemicals, electricity and construction.
Mexican oregano has a mintier taste than ordinary oregano.
Mexican papayas are more hardy than Hawaiian varieties.
Mexican papayas are much larger than kapaho papayas, and have orange or red flesh on the inside.
Some Mexican parks do have trails though, as do some of the volcanos.
Mexican participants are pleased that their schedules are accommodated.
Mexican people are generally friendly and helpful.
Mexican people don t know what happened to their ancestors, and why they don t own land here.
Mexican people seem to appreciate the effort to learn their language.
Mexican people stand out for their politeness and courtesy.
Mexican people wear their serape over their shoulders.
Most Mexican people speak Spanish.
Mexican peso is the official currency.
Mexican pesos are the only funds dispensed.
Mexican pinyon is a native, monoecious small tree.
Mexican pinyon occurs in semiarid climates with relatively high temperatures and evaporation rates.
Mexican police consider divers nearby a terrorist threat.
Mexican poppies are an example.
Mexican poppy infested grain is unsuitable for milling or stock feed.
Mexican presidents have enormous powers, both formal and as de facto leaders of the ruling party.
Mexican presidents serve one six-year term.
Mexican privatization is credited with creating a handful of billionaires in just a few years.
Mexican products are readily available due to the proximity of Mexico.
Some Mexican provenances appear to be more frost tolerant.
Mexican railways have a checkered reputation.
Many Mexican recipes call for bay laurel in soups, stews, and marinades.
Mexican red knee tarantulas have abdomens.
Mexican restaurants are in just about every neighborhood.
Mexican restaurants are located in cities.
Mexican restaurants are used for atmospheres.
Mexican restaurants are used for food.
Mexican restaurants have wonderful fruit as part of their menu.
Mexican Restaurants have wonderful fruit as part of their menu.
Mexican restaurants offer lowfat choices.
Mexican restaurants seem to be the most harmless.
Some Mexican restaurants have great chips.
Mexican revolutionaries proclaim emancipation.
Mexican rice can sometimes contain a high amount of sodium.
Mexican rice is fluffy moist and orange table salsa feisty, but huevos rancheros disappoint.
Mexican sage is easy to grow from cuttings.
Mexican sales continue strong.
Mexican schools plan to install Linux, saving millions.
Mexican seafood has a stereo type to overcome.
Mexican shoppers pack local malls and cross-border enterprises flourish.
Mexican spas are considerably more laid-back than their European or American counterparts.
Mexican species contain steroids.
Some Mexican species are endemic to very restricted places within the country.
Mexican states have no taxing authority of their own.
Mexican steers tend to bounce.
Mexican stone surrounds each elevator door, which is clad with copper metal.
Mexican sunflower is native from Mexico and Central America.
Mexican sunflowers are heat and drought tolerant.
Mexican sunflowers attract butterflies.
Most mexican sunflowers attract butterflies.
Mexican tailors are very good and very cheap.
Mexican television runs stories nightly on rough handling of migrants at U.S. hands.
Mexican television sucks .
Mexican thug crosses street and attacks American.
Mexican tiles decorate the fireplace, kitchen and bath.
Mexican tiles have a history and legend of their own, goth as a manual art and as a living presence.
Mexican tiles pave the floor.
Mexican tobacco is very dark and the best leaves can be used as maduro wrappers.
Mexican tortillas are one of the most versatile sandwich wrappers.
Mexican town siezes trainful of food.
Mexican tradition calls for nine days of mourning.
Mexican troops assemble after dark and prepare to move into position for the dawn assault.
Mexican troops defend their country's abolitionist constitution and defeat foreign slaveholders.
Mexican troops defend their country's abolitionist constitution, defeat foreign slaveholders.
Mexican troops occupy Texas, Southern California, and Arizona.
Mexican trucks are three times as old as U.S. trucks and up to twice as heavy.
Mexican trucks are unsafe and thus pose a danger on U.S. roadways.
Mexican trucks have far more safety deficiencies than U.S. trucks.
Mexican trucks run twice the size of U.S. trucks and average three times the age.
Mexican types are the best choice for colder regions.
Mexican unions are beholden to one-party government.
Mexican vanilla is signifigantly stronger than regular vanilla flavoring.
Most Mexican varieties are inexpensive.
Some Mexican villages have only one telephone, prolonging identification efforts.
Mexican villagers follow the older way of life more than the city people do.
Mexican wages are still very low.
Mexican weddings tend to be large with many attendants.
Most Mexican wines are decent but a little boring.
Mexican wolfs are mammals.
Mexican wolves are one of our most endangered native animals.
Mexican wolves are the most genetically distinct subspecies of the gray wolf.
Mexican wolves are the most southern-occurring and genetically distinct gray wolf in North America.
Mexican wolves are the smallest subspecies of North American gray wolves.
Mexican wolves communicate with each other in a variety of ways.
Mexican wolves prefer to live in mountain forests, grasslands and shrublands.
Mexican wolves prey on deer, elk, sheep, rabbits, turkeys and small rodents.
Mexican wolves take their first steps from the cage.
Some mexican wolves eat ungulates.
Mexican women are, for the most part sluts.
Mexican women face discrimination and at times harassment from the machismo population.
Mexican women like to cook out of doors.
Mexican women wash dishes and sweep the floor.
Mexican women wear cotton skirts and blouses.
Mexican workers are great.
Mexican workers are now worse off.
Mexican workers are on the move.
Mexican workers are sensitive of being checked upon.
Mexican workers arrive as part of Bracero program.
Mexican workers enjoy one of the most protective and progressive labour regimes in the Americas.
Mexican workers enjoy the right to associate, bargain, and strike.
Mexican workers revise history.
Mexican workers stand at the threshold of challenging employers and the old-guard unions.
Some mexican workers live in areas.
Mexican has (part) arms.
Mexican has (part) body substances.
Mexican has (part) cell membranes.
Mexican has (part) cells.
Mexican has (part) corpi.
Mexican has (part) cytoplasm.
Mexican has (part) heads.
Mexican has (part) human bodies.
Mexican has (part) legs.
Mexican has (part) material bodies.
Mexican has (part) necks.
Mexican has (part) nuclei.
Mexican has (part) personality.
Mexican has (part) plasma membranes.
Mexican has (part) sections.
Mexican has (part) vacuoles.
Mexican isa dweller.
Mexican isa inhabitant.
Mexico has (part) Durango.
Mexico has (part) Mexican capital.
Mexico has (part) Oaxaca.
Mexico has (part) Puebla.
Mexico has (part) Veracruz.
Mexico isa thing.
Mezuzah cases vary in size, material and style.
A mezuzah is a section
Mezuzahs tend to crack with age.
Every mezuzah is sold with a non-kosher scroll.
Mezzanine financing is a crossover between secured debt and full equity position.
A mezzanine is a balcony
Mezzanine contains area's largest selection of military and military history titles.
Mezzanine is a very stable document-management engine.
Mezzanine is for parking by our visitors, and by employee carpools.
Mezzanines add second level storage.
Mezzanines are balconies.
Mezzanines are floors.
Mezzanines are galleries.
Mezzanines are located in concert halls.
Mezzanines are located in department stores.
Mezzanines are located in floors.
Mezzanines are located in schools.
Mezzanines are located in shopping malls.
Mezzanines are located in theaters.
Mezzanines are used for balconies.
Mezzanines are used for intermissions.
Mezzanines are used for smoke.
Mezzanines do seem to be in fashion.
A mezzotint is print
Mezzotint is a technique in which a steel plate is ground and roughened with a rocker tool.
Mezzotint is another method for creating drawing on the metal plate.
Mezzotints are also different than other forms of printmaking in that they are very time intensive.
Mezzotints are print.
Mezzotints have soft tonalities ranging from gray to black.
Mezzotints start life black, and the artist then brings in lightness.
Mg capsule shells contain iron oxide.
Mg capsule shells contain oxide.
Mg capsule shells contain yellow iron oxide.
Mg capsule shells contain yellow oxide.
Mg is a mass unit
Mg is a metric
Mg isa unit.
Mg ratio proper attention.
Mg tends to form ions when it reacts.
MHC genes are also the most polymorphic loci known for vertebrates.
MHC genes are highly polymorphic.
MHC genes are the most diverse of all genes.
MHC grants fall into two categories.
Most MHC grants award outright funds to the grantee.
MHC markers determine which antigens an individual can respond to, and how strongly.
MHC molecules are different in each person, giving each individual a unique immune system.
MHC molecules are important components of the immune response.
MHC molecules are normal components of healthy cells.
Mi isa unit.
Miamian soils are the most extensive soils in Ohio.
Miamian soils are well drained and are on higher landscape positions.
Mian goods are Italian kitchenware.
A miasm is air pollution
Miasms are the foundation of all chronic diseases.
Miata interiors are pretty rugged.
MIBK demand is likely to be flat or slightly positive for the rest of the decade.
MIBK vapor irritates the eyes, the nose, and the throat.
MIBS alumni are leaders .
Mica capacitors are general purpose capacitors that are highly stable and have low dissipation.
Mica capacitors are still indispensable in high-power RF transmitter applications.
A mica is a mineral
Mica begins a synopsis with a one-line concept, the germ of an idea.
Mica can be clear, black, green, red, yellow, and brown.
Mica chairs the panel.
Mica forms in very thin layers and can be peeled apart.
Mica has a bad reputation of course and is known as Fool's Gold.
Mica has a long white chest patch.
Mica has a natural ability to stabilize the temperature of the soil in the pots.
Mica has a single perfect cleavage whereas calcite has three.
Mica has a tendency to break apart into flat sheets.
Mica has perfect cleavage in ONE direction.
Mica is also a sealer for porous surfaces, such as wallboard masonry and concrete structures.
Mica is also an environmentally accepted replacement for asbestos in brake linings.
Mica is birefringent and is therefore commonly used to make quarter and half wave plates .
Mica is distinguishable.
Mica is intermixed in abundance with much of the Cretaceous sediments.
Mica is qualified as an important distinctive mineral.
Mica is residual, though it is altered to hydromica.
Mica is resistant to ultraviolet light, heat, weather and chemical attack and adheres to the skin.
Mica is used extensively as a dielectric material.
Mica is used in decorative coatings on wallpaper, concrete, stucco , and tile surfaces.
Mica isa material.
Mica isa mineral.
Mica isa stuff.
Mica occurs as platy grains that often are thin.
Mica provides excellent dielectric strength and heat transfer capability for long heater life.
Mica reduces running and sagging of paints and is an economical replacement for aluminum in paints.
Mica splits into paper-thin sheets.
Micas are igneous rocks.
Micas are minerals.
Micas are weapons.
Micas have particle shapes.
Micas have shapes.
Micas have unusual shapes.
MICAs provides support services and group activities structured to enhance daily living skills.
Micaeous pottery is a old Indian tradition.
Micas often deform by kinking, which involves slip on the basal plane.
All micas form flat, book-like crystals that peal apart into individual sheets on cleavage planes.
All micas form flat, plate-like crystals.
Most micas have particle shapes.
Most micas have shapes.
Most micas have unusual shapes.
Some micas contain aluminum.
Some micas have high stability.
Some micas have high thermal stability.
Some micas have stability.
Some micas have thermal stability.
Mice models help elucidate the neuronal migration abnormalities.
A micelle is a particle
Micelles allow absorption of lipids by intestinal epithelium.
Micelles are aggregates of solute molecules in solutions.
Micelles are little fatty globules precipitated around the drug to protect it.
Micelles are only present when lipases and bile salts are produced.
Micelles are particles.
Micelles are self-assembling structures of amphiphilic molecules in aqueous solution.
Micelles are small and remain suspended in water.
Micelles carry negative charges the bind cations .
Micelles diffuse to the epithelial cell surface and come into contact with the brush border.
Michigan is part of America.
Michigan isa thing.
Micro actuators are useful when small and very precise displacement is needed.
Micro adjustment is precise.
Micro architecture can also provide solutions for emergency and relief structures.
Micro barbs work well.
Micro bats can be as small as butterflies and many are listed as threatened.
Micro blogs are in use in many ways on different websites.
Micro breweries are often strict adherents to traditional, additive free, brewing methods.
Micro breweries produce beer on a far smaller scale than the giant breweries.
Micro bubbles affect the absorption of ultrasound used for diagnostic or therapeautic purposes.
Micro buttons can fit in many places because they are so small.
Micro calcifications are tiny flecks of calcium that often signal an area of rapidly dividing cells.
Micro caps provide true diversification in an era of closet indexing and style drift.
Micro channels are highlighted in green, cell protein fibers in red and the nucleus in blue.
A micro chip is semiconductor
Micro chips can help humane agencies find owners quicker than usual.
Some micro chips use gold wires for connections.
Micro climate is improved.
Micro communication leads to annoyingly trivial email traffic.
Micro controller designs.
Micro courses offer intensive instruction focused on a specific, limited objective.
Micro credit is a neat way of providing it.
Micro cuttings are vigorous, rooted plants taken directly from our tissue culture laboratory.
Micro data are only available in deidentified form and only for research purposes.
Micro economic factors affect markets.
Micro enterprise contribute in enhancing the role of women in development and reducing poverty.
Micro enterprises have a significant contribution in household economies.
Micro enterprises stand also another such example.
Micro enterprises supplement income and contribute to the well being of the family.
Micro evolution is a direct consequence of genetic variability and the principles of heredity .
Micro evolution is held amongst all scholars as fact.
Micro evolution refers to varieties within a given type.
Micro fiber feels great hand coupled with cotton lining for breathable comfort.
Micro fibers are very soft, lightweight, durable and with minimal shrinkage.
Micro innovation is a key to our continuing growth.
Micro litter consists of pieces of candy wrappers, bits of aluminum foil, cigarette butts, etc.
Micro loans are available to start-up companies or businesses less than one year old.
Micro minis are back in black leather, too.
Micro models are functions that represent basic human actions.
Micro molecules disperse better for greater coverage and effectiveness.
Micro organisms are called microbes for short.
Some micro organisms cause infection.
Some micro- organisms used in cleaning up the environment are good bugs.
Micro parents stick around to root on the Junior Pee-Wees.
Micro perforation is available for mailing envelopes so as to all air to escape, reducing bulk.
Micro perforations allow checks to pass through a laser printer without jamming.
Micro plastics can carry pathogens and harmful chemicals.
Micro polyester makes it silky to touch and the light quilting is comfortable and easy to move in.
Micro radio is on the brink of winning.
Micro refrigerators are available in each residence hall room.
Micro risk threatens companies within a particular industry or even smaller groups.
Micro robots are also on the horizon.
Micro servos are generally weaker, more expensive, and very delicate.
Micro servos take even less current.
Micro sociologists examine small groups, such as the family, and perhaps the community.
Micro solutions are a complete building-block system with optimally matched products.
Micro solutions represent accessible islands in an otherwise inaccessible ocean.
Micro sprinklers wet a larger surface area than drippers.
Micro trends emerge from macro trends.
Micro worms are nematodes that are just barely visible.
Microaerophilic organisms grow in oxygen levels lower than that of the air.
Microaerophilic organisms require less oxygen than is found in our atmosphere.
Microalgal biomass is generated by culturing microalgae as described herein.
Microalgal paste moves along a conveyor belt after it has been filtered from water.
Microarchitectural structures manage interthread data and control dependencies.
All microarray submitters are required to provide raw data with their submissions.
Microbacterial action can also promote local anodic attack.
A microbat is a bat
Microbats are able to find their way in the dark and catch their food using echolocation.
Microbats are bats.
Microbats are capable of eating their own body weight in insects each and every night.
Microbats are mammals.
Microbats are smaller and are usually insect eating, carnivorous bats.
Microbats can catch insects as they fly through the air.
Microbats can see with their ears.
Microbats have large eyes and ears and unusual looking noses.
Microbats listen to echoes to find insects.
Microbats provide pest control in their nightly consumption of insects by the tons.
Microbats rely on sound to find their food.
Microbats use echolocation more than megabats.
Microbats use echolocation to find their prey.
Microbats use echolocation to navigate and forage, often in total darkness.
Microbats use other calls for communication particularly in the roost.
Microbats use their voice and hearing to find food.
Many microbats live in America.
Most microbats eat insects and use echolocation to hunt.
A microbe is a microorganism
Microbe grows by reducing arsenic.
Microbe isa microorganism.
Microbes affect every aspect of life on earth.
Microbes affect genomic stability, resistance to cell death and proliferative signaling.
Microbes also cause nonmalignant chronic diseases.
Microbes also play an essential role in the natural recycling of living materials.
Microbes also present less of a supply and demand problem.
Microbes also reinvent themselves.
Microbes also take in carbon dioxide, and give off methane.
Microbes appear early in the precambrian, and jellyfish and worms appear late in the era.
Microbes appear to be the sole source of all of the hydrogen and methane produced in the intestine.
Microbes are a common occurrence in nature.
Microbes are a fact of life anywhere that humans go.
Microbes are a fundamental element of biotechnology.
Microbes are a good example.
Microbes are a major cause of disease in humans.
Microbes are also capable of exchanging genetic information by mating .
Microbes are also the agents of many human and plant diseases.
Microbes are an important part of our existence.
Microbes are an integral link in the food chain and natural defense system of plant material.
Microbes are bacteria and are too small to be seen with the naked eye.
Microbes are capable of detoxifying a wide variety of human-made chemicals.
Microbes are capable of using all sorts of other terminal electron accepters besides oxygen.
Microbes are decomposers.
Microbes are detailed with information regarding habitat, transmission, treatment and pathogenesis.
Microbes are essential for the functioning of ecological systems.
Microbes are essential for the recycling of elements so they can be used over and over again.
Microbes are essential in contributing to and maintaining the health of aquatic ecosystems.
Microbes are everywhere, and inhabit our skin and intestine.
Microbes are everywhere.
Microbes are found in boiling hot springs and on frozen snowfields.
Microbes are good at breaking down many organic compounds in air and water.
Microbes are highly abundant, diverse and have an important role in the ecological system.
Microbes are important for the good health of animals.
Microbes are important for the good health of most animals.
Microbes are important to sustaining life on Earth.
Microbes are important to the agricultural, mining, chemical and pharmaceutical industries.
Microbes are invisible to the human eye and can only be seen with a microscope.
Microbes are involved in the decay of dead plants, animals, and animal waste.
Microbes are killed by heat.
Microbes are killed without causing damage to the taste and quality of milk.
Microbes are known to live in remarkably diverse environments, many of which are extremely harsh.
Microbes are located in air.
Microbes are microorganisms, which are tiny living things visible only under a microscope.
Microbes are microorganisms.
Microbes are microscopic, single-celled organisms without a nucleus.
Microbes are minute plant or animal life.
Microbes are more likely to enter the hair canal and proliferate feeding on the sebum in the canal.
Microbes are often non-descript rods, or spheres.
Microbes are often very small, even in comparison to microscopic cells from animals.
Microbes are organisms that are microscopic, or extremely small.
Microbes are organisms too small to be seen with the naked eye.
Microbes are predators.
Microbes are primarily responsible for the breakdown of the product.
Microbes are responsible for many biochemical cycles and are crucial to the whole biosphere .
Microbes are responsible for many biochemical cycles and are crucial to the whole biosphere.
Microbes are roots of life's family tree.
Microbes are single-cell organisms so tiny that millions can fit into the eye of a needle.
Microbes are single-cell organisms that can only be seen with microscopes.
Microbes are so tough they can survive in outer space .
Microbes are some of the oldest and most diverse live forms on the planet.
Microbes are still underrepresented at the site, but a few are there.
Microbes are the dominant form of life on Earth.
Microbes are the dominant form of life on planet Earth.
Microbes are the new drug factories.
Microbes are the primary factor in the degradation of diuron in aquatic environments.
Microbes are tiny living cells.
Microbes are tiny living organisms, such as bacteria, viruses, yeast, and molds.
Microbes are ubiquitous.
Microbes are used as biological control.
Microbes are very adept at surviving.
Microbes are very small one cell organisms - a membrane filled with cellular fluid and electrolytes.
Microbes are very small one-cell organisms, a membrane filled with cellular fluid and electrolytes.
Microbes associated with plant roots also perform transformations.
Microbes avoid problem by becoming inactive.
Microbes break down carbohydrates.
Microbes break down materials.
Microbes break down matter.
Microbes break down organic materials.
Microbes break down organic matter.
Microbes breed quickly in water.
Microbes can degrade and synthesize many of the organic nutrients utilized by animals.
Microbes coming into the body have their own uniforms, which are usually very different.
Microbes compete fiercely and the available energy declines.
Microbes compete with plants for nutrients for assimilation and growth.
Microbes constitute essential interfaces in the functional web of ecosystems.
Microbes contain only a single chromosome.
Microbes contribute more genes responsible for human survival than humans' own genes.
Microbes convert carbon in residue to gaseous carbon dioxide.
Microbes convert nitrates into a harmless gas.
Microbes convert nitrogen and sulfur to forms that plants can use.
Microbes convert substances.
Microbes decompose cellulose.
Microbes decompose dead plants breaking down the carbon-rich matter to carbon dioxide.
Microbes decompose humates.
Microbes decompose the waste products of other living things, creating nutrients.
Microbes detoxify and clean up the wastewater stream in secondary treatment.
Microbes differ in their abilities to use substrates as nutrient sources.
Microbes digest nutrients.
Microbes digest organic nutrients.
Microbes drive the chemistry of life and affect the global climate.
Microbes drive the chemistry of life.
Microbes eat engine hoses, belts, electrical insulation.
Microbes exist in all areas, including homes, offices, commercial centers, and hospitals.
Microbes exist to bring back to the earth that which is weakened.
Microbes feed on bacteria.
Microbes feed on carbon.
Microbes feed on organic components of waste until they can no longer derive energy from it.
Microbes feed on thatch and convert thatch back to topsoil.
Microbes feed on the free water.
Microbes feed on the thatch, eventually converting it back to top soil.
Microbes find in diets.
Microbes fix nitrogen and remove it from the air.
Microbes form side links in the food chain.
Microbes get food.
Microbes get ugly in at least two ways.
Microbes go anywhere that humans go.
Microbes have (part) cell membranes.
Microbes have (part) cells.
Microbes have (part) corpi.
Microbes have (part) cytoplasm.
Microbes have (part) nuclei.
Microbes have (part) plasma membranes.
Microbes have (part) sections.
Microbes have (part) vacuoles.
Microbes have a solution.
Microbes have an amazing capacity to degrade and transform a wide range of pollutants in nature.
Microbes have an enormous influence on our environment, both domestic and global.
Microbes have extraordinary genetic and metabolic diversity.
Microbes have impact.
Microbes have limits.
Microbes have major impact.
Microbes have many many related species and very few cause infectious disease.
Microbes have the ability to come up with unexpected and novel mechanisms of resistance.
Microbes have their joys, And subdivide, and never come to death.
Microbes immediately eliminate the flammability of the hydrocarbon.
Microbes intrude into our body and reproduce rapidly.
Microbes live in colonies and are very mobile.
Microbes live in homes, in schools and on statues.
Microbes live in the farthest reaches of the atmosphere.
Microbes live in their digestive systems, in their mouths, and on their skin.
Microbes live in their guts, in their mouths, and on their skin.
Microbes love a nice sticky pile of secretions laying in a nice warm lung.
Microbes make history.
Microbes offer unusual capabilities reflecting the diversity of their environmental niches.
Microbes perform roles.
Microbes produce and remove a great range of other gases as well.
Microbes produce materials.
Microbes produce substances.
Microbes produce useful materials.
Microbes provide nutrients to animals.
Microbes provide the fundamental underpinning of all ecosystems.
Microbes recycle nutrients in our environment.
Microbes replicate and grow rapidly, and can be grown continuously.
Microbes replicate and grow rapidly, thus a supply of rennin is available.
Microbes represent the greatest reservoir of genetic and biochemical diversity on the planet.
Microbes require a delicate balance of soil tilth in order to live and propagate.
Microbes require energy.
Microbes require moisture, but too much is deadly.
Microbes rule the world.
Microbes secrete effector proteins to manipulate host processes in order to facilitate colonization.
Microbes solubilize the phosphate salts making phosphorus available to the biological world.
Microbes take sulfur and use it to fix carbon dioxide in a process called chemosynthesis.
Microbes thrive far below ground.
Microbes thrive in aerated streams with lots of oxygen to murky bogs that have no oxygen.
Microbes thrive in streams with lots of oxygen to murky bogs that have no oxygen.
Microbes thrive in warmer water.
Microbes thrive on a huge range of foods including oil and toxic wastes.
Microbes trigger immune response that suppresses infections.
Microbes turn nutrient in beef into an artery-clogging menace.
Microbes use carbon as energy and nitrogen as a food source to produce proteins.
Microbes use chemicals to make food.
Microbes use many different processes to reproduce.
Microbes use oxygen.
Microbes use sunlight.
Microbes use the oxygen to process organics in the wastewater.
Microbes vary widely in regard to ability to initiate growth over certain range of temperature.
Microbes often enter cells to protect themselves from host defenses and to move around the body.
Microbes often stick to surfaces in masses called biofilms.
All microbes are facultative anaerobes also capable of operating in the absence of oxygen.
All microbes are facultative anaerobes also capable of operating in the presence of oxygen.
All microbes are related to one another and to humans.
All microbes are too small to see with the unaided human eye.
All microbes have a pH range they prefer and another range they can tolerate.
All microbes require sources of carbon and energy.
Any microbes caught in the mucus go the same route.
Many microbes are already registered and being used as safe and effective commercial products.
Many microbes are pathogens or parasitic organisms that can harm humans.
Many microbes are unable to grow when there is high sugar or salt content.
Many microbes can ferment sugars to alcohol.
Many microbes change shape when they become infectious.
Many microbes have the ability to detoxify contaminants.
Many microbes live in the bottom of lakes and rivers in sediments.
Many microbes live near the roots of plants.
Many microbes prefer a neutral pH for growth.
More microbes survive in space.
Most microbes are asexual and many plants can produce fertile hybrids with other species.
Most microbes are harmless, but some are the cause of disease.
Most microbes are so small that they are measured in micrometers or nanometers.
Most microbes break down carbohydrates.
Most microbes break down materials.
Most microbes break down matter.
Most microbes break down organic materials.
Most microbes break down organic matter.
Most microbes convert substances.
Most microbes digest organic nutrients.
Most microbes feed on bacteria.
Most microbes find in diets.
Most microbes get food.
Most microbes have impact.
Most microbes have limits.
Most microbes have major impact.
Most microbes perform roles.
Most microbes produce materials.
Most microbes produce substances.
Most microbes produce useful materials.
Most microbes require energy.
Most microbes use oxygen.
Most microbes use sunlight.
Some microbes act as food preservatives and keep the beebread from spoiling in the hive.
Some microbes aid digestion, others can potentially cause disease.
Some microbes are a direct threat to people.
Some microbes are able to reduce particulate manganese oxides to soluble manganese.
Some microbes are capable of using nitrate as their terminal electron accepter.
Some microbes are extremely lethal at very low doses.
Some microbes are good to have while others can make people very sick.
Some microbes are helpful to humans, but some are harmful.
Some microbes are just too strong or too numerous.
Some microbes are photosynthetic, deriving their energy from the sun.
Some microbes are transmitted by cockroaches.
Some microbes are unable to tolerate changes to low pH and are killed.
Some microbes break down cellulose.
Some microbes break down oil.
Some microbes break down plant polysaccharides.
Some microbes break down polysaccharides.
Some microbes can even catabolize benzene or toluene.
Some microbes can grow only in air.
Some microbes can make it.
Some microbes can survive temperatures about the boiling point.
Some microbes can survive without oxygen, using chemicals instead of sunlight for energy.
Some microbes cause conditions.
Some microbes cause disease in humans, animals, and plants.
Some microbes cause diseases.
Some microbes cause fevers.
Some microbes cause rheumatic fevers.
Some microbes cause tuberculosis.
Some microbes contain chlorophyll.
Some microbes convert carbohydrates.
Some microbes convert carbon dioxide.
Some microbes convert dioxide.
Some microbes convert electricity.
Some microbes convert renewable electricity.
Some microbes create light.
Some microbes do survive transit through the stomach to the intestines.
Some microbes enter tissue.
Some microbes excrete antibiotics.
Some microbes find refuge from the cold between the grains of porous stone.
Some microbes grow better in meat type media.
Some microbes have ability.
Some microbes have an appetite for gas, oil or other toxic chemicals.
Some microbes have different effects.
Some microbes have effects.
Some microbes have measurable effects.
Some microbes have very close relationships with plants.
Some microbes help food.
Some microbes invade organs.
Some microbes live in colons.
Some microbes live in guts.
Some microbes live in oysters.
Some microbes live near roots of plants in symbiotic associations.
Some microbes live on snow and ice and die at room temperature.
Some microbes love radiation.
Some microbes obtain energy.
Some microbes play critical roles.
Some microbes play essential roles.
Some microbes play roles.
Some microbes produce compounds that lower crop production.
Some microbes produce compounds.
Some microbes produce contain nutrients.
Some microbes produce enzymes.
Some microbes produce nutrients.
Some microbes produce organic compounds.
Some microbes produce pigment.
Some microbes produce purple pigment.
Some microbes produce toxins.
Some microbes produce volatile compounds.
Some microbes produce volatile organic compounds.
Some microbes reduce nitrate to nitrite.
Some microbes reduce nitrite further to nitrogen gas.
Some microbes resort to using alternatives to oxygen.
Some microbes simply enclose themselves with strong walls and wait inside for warmer times.
Some microbes slowly destroy stone buildings and statuary.
Some microbes survive preservation treatments.
Microbial action is higher in warm climates.
Microbial action removes some nitrate from ground water as it moves from the aquifer to the river.
Microbial activity consumes the nitrogen and other contaminants in the wastewater.
Microbial activity is affected by the carbon to nitrogen ratio of the organic waste.
Microbial activity is highest for the oak-juniper site.
Microbial activity is predominate in soils.
Microbial activity is very rapid and little organic matter accumulates in the soil.
Microbial activity occurs most rapidly in thin water films on the surface of organic materials.
Microbial activity occurs on the surface of particles.
Microbial adherence is an essential first step in the development of infection.
Microbial biomass seems to play a critical role in conserving N in the tallgrass prairie ecosystem.
Microbial breakdown is another major route for field dissipation, especially below the soil surface.
Microbial breakdown is the main mechanism by which vernolate is lost from soils.
Microbial cells are free-living and generally unicellular.
Microbial characterization is limited.
Microbial communities are excellent models for understanding biological interactions and evolution.
Microbial communities are sensitive to changes in soil structure, microclimate, and chemical inputs.
Microbial communities consist of various guilds of metabolically related organisms.
Microbial communities contain a large scope of organisms that perform a variety of functions.
Microbial communities promote development.
Microbial community responses to environmentally toxic cadmium stress.
Most microbial communities promote development.
Microbial contamination is the food industry's main safety concern.
Microbial control can provide new options for tackling long-standing pest problems.
Microbial control using insect pathogens provides a promising approach.
Microbial degradation is the primary fate process of metribuzin in soil .
Microbial destruction is achieved either by heat or chemicals.
Microbial deterioration is called gaseous dry matter loss.
Microbial diseases are the result of a very complex interaction between the parasite and the host.
Microbial diseases kill insects much the way they do humans.
Many microbial diseases are foodborne.
Some microbial diseases attack plants.
Microbial diversity is a key frontier.
Microbial diversity is a primary focus.
Microbial diversity is an unseen national resource that deserves greater attention.
Microbial diversity is far more than a listing of distinguishable microbial species.
Microbial ecology is a large field that includes many topics.
Microbial ecology is a rapidly developing scientific discipline.
Microbial ecology is a relatively new area of both microbiology and ecology.
Microbial ecology is an essential overtone to the lives of more complex plants and animals.
Microbial ecology is one of the frontiers of science, with much yet to be discovered.
Microbial ecology is the study of microbes in the environment.
Microbial ecology is the study of microorganisms in the environment.
Microbial enzymes involve in degradations.
Most microbial enzymes involve in degradations.
Some microbial eukaryotes have great values.
Some microbial eukaryotes have values.
Microbial fermentations have other benefits.
Some microbial fermentation occurs in stomachs.
Microbial fixation can be symbiotic or asymbiotic.
Most microbial forms oxidize organic carbons as a source of nutrition.
Microbial fuel cell technology provides methods.
Microbial growth clogs filters and shortens the interval until cleaning.
Microbial growth is a surface phenomenon.
Microbial growth is the reason water activity began to be used in the food industry.
Microbial identification is also an important component of many research projects.
Microbial inhabitants outnumber our body's own cells by about ten to one.
Some microbial inhabitants cause trouble.
Microbial inoculation can also improve silage fermentations.
Microbial insecticides are another kind of biopesticide.
Microbial insecticides are compatible with integrated pest management practices.
Microbial insecticides are less expensive to register than chemical insecticides.
Microbial insecticides are more expensive to produce than chemical insecticides.
Microbial insecticides are safe and effective products for insect control.
Microbial insecticides tend to affect more specific types of insects than chemical pesticides.
Microbial interactions are at the core of species success or failure.
Microbial keratitis is an infection of the cornea, which is the outer wall of the eye.
Microbial life contributes to valuable ecosystem services that directly benefit humans.
Microbial life is still the dominant life form on Earth.
Microbial life is the glue that binds together the macroscopic world.
Microbial life survives on dairy products.
Microbial mats are a few centimeters thick, and they typically grow on moist surfaces.
Microbial mats are the earliest form of life on Earth for which there is good fossil evidence.
Microbial mats cover areas.
Microbial mats grow mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts .
Microbial mats grow mostly on submerged or moist surfaces but a few survive in deserts.
Microbial nitrogen transformations in shallow, unconsolidated carbonate sediments.
Microbial nitrogen transformations in unconsolidated coral reef sediments.
Some microbial organisms live in guts.
All microbial oxidants cause oxidosis which, in turn, leads to dysoxygenosis and acidosis.
Microbial pathogens can also be a risk in poorly chlorinated swimming pools.
Microbial pesticides contain a microorganism as the active ingredient.
Microbial pesticides utilize insect pathogens as a means of reducing insect populations.
Most microbial pesticides are more selective than biochemical pesticides.
Microbial phylogeny is estimated from sequencing analysis of the ribosomal genes.
Microbial populations are qualified and quantified for the three reactors.
Microbial populations increase until nutrients are exhausted.
Microbial problems are an increasing concern with the trend towards longer-duration missions.
Microbial problems result from wetness and from backed-up sewers.
Microbial process is economic at low concentrations.
Microbial processes are important in the fate and transport of many organic compounds.
Microbial processes are very sensitive to pH and temperature fluctuations.
Microbial processes provide powerful tools for environmental restoration.
Microbial products are live bacterial products.
Microbial protein has an excellent amino acid pattern.
Microbial protein is an excellent source of protein with the correct amino acid profile.
Microbial protein is obtained through digestion of microorganisms.
Microbial proteins play minor roles.
Microbial proteins play roles.
Most microbial proteins play minor roles.
Most microbial proteins play roles.
Some microbial proteins are generated by fermentation.
Microbial resistance poses a major threat to the public health and to future generations.
Microbial role is very important.
Microbial slime is definitely the culprit there.
Many microbial species are present in the rumen and most are selective fermenters.
Microbial technologies can make our planet cleaner, healthier, and more bountiful.
Microbial technology provides methods.
Most microbial technology provides methods.
Microbial testing is currently underway.
Microbial transformations are important to global nitrogen cycling.
Microbiological analysis is conducted on an as-needed basis.
Microbiological assessment is needed for accurate diagnosis of pneumonia.
Microbiological contaminants are waterborne pathogens that can cause acute illness or even death.
Microbiological cultures can help identify infectious agents.
Microbiological monitoring is an essential feature of the inspection program.
Microbiological organisms can cause acute health effects.
Many microbiological procedures are available to food microbiologists.
Microbiological processes are industrial processes that employ micro-organisms.
Microbiological safety is stressed in all of our laboratory courses.
Microbiological samples are different.
Some microbiological tests require body fluids other than blood.
Microbiological testing includes sterility and mycoplasma.
A microbiologist is a biologist
Microbiologist develops method for dyeing fabrics with gold.
Microbiologists also attend workshops and conferences to learn about new developments.
Microbiologists also examine samples for organisms called plankton, or algae.
Microbiologists also work in hospital, clinical, and public health laboratories.
Microbiologists also work in hospitals, clinics, and public health agencies.
Microbiologists are also in great demand in clinical microbiology.
Microbiologists are biologists.
Microbiologists are scientists.
Microbiologists are workers.
Microbiologists can specialize in a variety of areas.
Microbiologists can use test tubes, but most prefer culture tubes.
Microbiologists classify dermatophytes into three genera.
Microbiologists count colonies per liter and bacterial growth rates.
Microbiologists do it with culture.
Microbiologists draw conclusions from experimental results through sound reasoning and judgment.
Microbiologists evaluate the effects of anti-infective drugs on germs.
Microbiologists explore life's rich, hidden kingdoms .
Microbiologists investigate the growth and characteristics of microscopic organisms.
Microbiologists man the laboratory.
Microbiologists recommend against scooping out the mold and using the remaining condiment.
Microbiologists regularly use complex mathematical equations and formulas in their work.
Microbiologists require small pieces of tissue for culture.
Microbiologists study all aspects of microorganisms, both at a pure and an applied level.
Microbiologists study all critters small and tiny.
Microbiologists study micro-organisms and how they affect human, animal and plant health.
Microbiologists study the growth and characteristics of microscopic organisms such as viruses.
Microbiologists use electron microscopes and other complex laboratory equipment in their work.
Microbiologists use laboratory equipment such as microscopes to study microorganisms.
Microbiologists use the steak plate technique as well as special media to isolate desired organisms.
Microbiologists work in almost every industry and have many different responsibilities.
Microbiologists work in areas related to agriculture, the environment and medicine.
Microbiologists work in areas related to agriculture, the environment, and medicine.
Microbiologists usually work with pure cultures containing a single strain of the microbe they want.
Many microbiologists develop a career in research or move into management roles.
Many microbiologists travel locally and overseas to attend workshops and conferences.
Many microbiologists use biotechnology to advance knowledge of cell reproduction and human disease.
Many microbiologists work in laboratories.
Many microbiologists work in research and development conducting basic research or applied research.
Most microbiologists consider viruses to be alive.
Most microbiologists work full time and keep regular hours.
Most microbiologists work on research teams with other scientists and technicians.
Some microbiologists discover strange, new life forms that no one even knew existed.
Some microbiologists investigate our water supply to ensure it is safe, ie.
Some microbiologists move into managerial positions, often as natural sciences managers .
Some Microbiologists train and supervise other personnel, keep records, and prepare reports.
Some microbiologists work in pharmaceutical plants in antibiotic development.
Some microbiologists work in the field collecting samples or running field trials.
Microbiology deals with microscopic cellular life forms and viruses.
Microbiology explores the world of organisms too small to be seen with the unaided eye.
Microbiology fails to isolate a definite pathogen.
Microbiology focuses on the nature and biology of micro-organisms.
Microbiology has enormous opportunities.
Microbiology includes the disciplines virology, mycology, parasitology, bacteriology, and so on.
Microbiology involves the study of bacteria, yeasts, viruses and parasites.
Microbiology is a basic inquiry into the significance of microbes in our environment.
Microbiology is a broad field due to the enormous diversity of microbial life.
Microbiology is a challenge in creating clever experiments.
Microbiology is a course which can be interesting when applied to daily life.
Microbiology is a diverse subject covering biochemistry, genetics, molecular biology and immunology.
Microbiology is a field fundamental to all of biology.
Microbiology is a little like a foreign language.
Microbiology is a rapidly expanding field with extensive opportunities in many areas.
Microbiology is a science with important applications.
Microbiology is about understanding microorganisms and their activities.
Microbiology is acceptable as one of the biology courses.
Microbiology is acceptable as one the two biology courses.
Microbiology is also really important.
Microbiology is an area of biology that covers the lifestyles of bacteria and viruses.
Microbiology is an excellent simulation of the wet lab experience of identifying unknown bacteria.
Microbiology is an extremely diverse discipline.
Microbiology is an important basic science which also has important practical applications.
Microbiology is biology
Microbiology is biology.
Microbiology is born.
Microbiology is by nature a broad discipline, covering a wide range of quite diverse areas.
Microbiology is classroom driven .
Microbiology is concerned with the forms and activities of bacteria, yeasts, molds, and viruses.
Microbiology is inherently an experimental, rather than an observational, science.
Microbiology is one of the most important and exciting of the biological sciences.
Microbiology is one of the most rapidly developing biological sciences today.
Microbiology is one of the sections of the department.
Microbiology is one of the world s leading microbiological journals.
Microbiology is one simple and exciting way to stimulate student attention and enthusiasm.
Microbiology is open major - no applications, no prerequisites, no deadlines.
Microbiology is quite an broad field due to the enormous diversity of microbial life.
Microbiology is relevant to daily life.
Microbiology is studied including topics on viruses, bacteria, and protozoa.
Microbiology is taught at all levels in the degree.
Microbiology is the main topic conforted by the organisation of scientific meetings.
Microbiology is the study of biological organisms and agents too small to see with the unaided eye.
Microbiology is the study of living organisms that are too small to be seen with the naked eye.
Microbiology is the study of living organisms that are too small to be seen with the unaided eye.
Microbiology is the study of microbes, or microscopic organisms, and deals with bacteria.
Microbiology is the study of microbes.
Microbiology is the study of microorganisms and how they interact with the environment.
Microbiology is the study of microorganisms and their interactions with people and the environment.
Microbiology is the study of microorganisms, specifically disease-causing microorganisms.
Microbiology is the study of microorganisms.
Microbiology is the study of microscopic organisms, their activities, and applications.
Microbiology is the study of microscopic organisms.
Microbiology is the study of organisms too small to be seen with the naked eye.
Microbiology is the study of organisms too small to be seen without the aid of a microscope.
Microbiology is the study of unicellular microscopic organisms.
Microbiology is thus a central discipline in modern biology.
Microbiology is, of course, a vast and dynamic field.
Microbiology isa biology.
Microbiology offers a broad career base.
Microbiology offers courses in ecology, genetics, cell biology, evolution and other topics.
Microbiology offers employment at all levels of education.
Microbiology provides many answers that have practical implications.
Microbiology reports to GPs.
Microbiology seems abstract to many students because they can t conceptualize the small organisms.
Microbiology uses sterile tube for culture.
Microbiotic crusts are important components of many aridland soils.
Microbiotic crusts are intimate tangles of lichens, mosses, and cyanobacteria.
Microbiotic crusts provide the major share of fixed nitrogen in desert ecosystems.
Microbiotic soil crusts in sagebrush habitats of southern Idaho.
Most microbrew newbies break in at an existing pub.
A microbrewery is a brewery
Microbreweries Stop in at one of the area's microbreweries for a delightful change of pace.
Microbreweries often brew something that's a cross between standard and real ale.
Microchemical reactors can address each limitation.
Microchip implants provide safe, permanent, and unique identification of pets.
A microchip is semiconductor
Microchip gets a tip.
Microchip is equipped by auto-charging lithium battery.
Microchip is the leader at the low end.
Microchip manufactures a family of low-cost microcontrollers and support chips.
MicroChip now has data sheets on-line for most of their products.
Microchip plans to meet or exceed all automotive quality and reliability requirements.
Microchip provide quite a bit of sample code which is very usefull when getting started.
Microchips appear to be headed back to the plastic age.
Microchips are a safer form of identification of lost birds.
Microchips are about the same size as a grain of rice.
Microchips are also a good idea for a backup method.
Microchips are cheaper to mass produce by machine than they are to check by eye for defects.
Microchips Are Everywhere.
Microchips are far more widespread than PCs in terms of numbers.
Microchips are now part of such everyday items as toasters.
Microchips are passive devices, which means they have no internal energy source.
Microchips are perfectly safe and have been improved on greatly since first introduced.
Microchips are still somewhat new era especially with regards to horses.
Microchips are the main weapon to combat our nations number one animal killer, unidentified animals.
Microchips are the same size as a grain of rice.
Microchips are tiny implants that are usually put under the skin on the horse's neck.
Microchips can be a good idea only if used in conjunction with eartipping.
Microchips can help reunite lost dogs with their owners.
Microchips ensure safety of wild rhinos.
Microchips go into the animal by way of standard injection.
Microchips have different frequencies.
Microchips incorporate in silicone agreements regarding standards.
Microchips insert in the neck muscle are also excellent way to identify an animal.
Microchips offer faster, less expensive sequencing.
Microchips supplement traditional collar and tag identification.
All microchips contain a unique encrypted identification code.
Some microchips are incapable of processing data in a compatible manner.
Microchiropteran bats do echolocate and are a much more diverse and widely distributed group.
Microcode has, for many years, been an important method of implementing control in microprocessors.
Microcode is computer code
Microcodes are computer instructions embedded in the computer chip.
A microcomputer is a digital computer
Microcomputers are also available for processing and document preparation.
Microcomputers are also available for student and faculty use.
Microcomputers are an important laboratory tool and are used in introductory courses.
Microcomputers are available for general use at locations across campus.
Microcomputers are available for general use at locations around the campus.
Microcomputers are available for research and data analysis.
Microcomputers are available for student use within the library.
Microcomputers are available for student use.
Microcomputers are available for students.
Microcomputers are available in a centralized location as well as in individual laboratories.
Microcomputers are available in the various laboratories.
Microcomputers are available to facilitate the writing and revising of papers.
Microcomputers are available within the department for graduate student use.
Microcomputers are capable of performing useful work without additional supporting logic.
Microcomputers are counter-productive when used in a theoretical vacuum.
Microcomputers are especially vulnerable.
Microcomputers are no panacea.
Microcomputers are powerful enough nowadays to allow software-based decoding.
Microcomputers are powerful tools that can save time and energy when used correctly.
Microcomputers are virtually commonplace on campuses.
Microcomputers can also include peripherals such as printers, CD-ROMs, and modems.
Microcomputers come in many shapes and forms.
Microcomputers continue to be incorporated into the laboratory at all levels.
Microcomputers do have exciting possibilities as writing tools if they are used well.
Microcomputers familiarize the student with fundamental programming concepts.
Microcomputers manage injection of the gas or liquid additions.
Microcomputers run the tests, and results go into the lab's local area network.
All microcomputers have a slot for a floppy disk.
Most microcomputers have an architecture designed without protective mechanisms.
Most microcomputers have at least one floppy disk drive.
Some microcomputers are compliant.
Microcosm experiments have limited relevance for community and ecosystem ecology.
Microcosm simulation is specified in the site management.
Microcosm studies are time consuming, costly, and require substantial technical resources.
A microcosm is an example
Microcosm takes a slightly different approach however.
Microcrystalline cellulose is a pharmaceutical filler and food thickening agent.
Microcrystalline wax is available from conservation supply businesses.
Microcystin toxin can be lethal to animals and humans when taken directly into the bloodstream.
Microcytic anemia is a common category of anemia.
Microcytic anemia is anemia
A microcytosis is blood disorder
Microcytosis can itself result from active inflammation even in the presence of normal iron stores.
Microcytosis occurs after several months of decreased total body iron stores.
A microdot is a photograph
Microdots are blocks of text or images scaled down to the size of a regular dot in a text.
Microdrive support seems a bit unclear.
Microdrive users can simply slide their Microdrive into the reader.
Microeconomic analysis attempts to understand the working of markets.
Microeconomic analysis leads to startling conclusions.
Microeconomic research is concentrated on the area of decision and game theory.
Microeconomic theory defines a relationship between supply and demand in a free market economy.
Microeconomic theory explains economic decisions made at the level of the firm and the individual.
Microeconomic theory focuses on how individuals behave as consumers and firms.
Microeconomic theory is applied to the analysis of health care issues.
Microeconomic theory is based on the notion that individual decision making is rational.
Microeconomic theory is highly developed but weakly predictive, lacking behavioral theory.
Microeconomic theory is reviewed and optimizing techniques are used in decision making.
Microeconomic theory is used as the basis for formulating public policy guidelines.
Microeconomic theory is used to analyze the law and legal procedures.
Microeconomists analyze supply and demand decisions of individuals and firms.
Microelectromechanical systems show great promise.
Microelectronic surfaces contain thousands of atoms.
Microencapsulated catalase is also of interest.
Microevolution describes what happens to populations over short time-scales measured in generations.
Microevolution involves changes on the small scale at the level of gene pool alleles.
Microevolution involves processes that lead to evolutionary changes within species.
Microevolution involves the evolutionary changes within a population.
Microevolution is a change in the gene pool of a population, often associated with adaptation.
Microevolution is evolution within a species.
Microevolution is evolution.
Microevolution is just as much a part of reality as menstruation is.
Microevolution is phylogenesis
Microevolution is the change in allele frequency of a population.
Microevolution is the change within a species over time.
Microevolution is the study of adaptation.
Microevolution is what happens in populations, between successive generations of organisms.
Microevolution isa phylogeny.
Microevolution leading to macroevolution, discussed earlier, is one example.
Microevolution occurs on a small scale within a single population.
Microevolution occurs over a very long period of time within a population or species.
Microevolution occurs over time.
Microevolution occurs through several mechanisms.
Microevolution refers to changes in allele frequencies within a species.
Microevolution refers to evolutionary changes within a popula- tion.
Most microevolution occurs over time.
Microevolutionary change is any change in allele frequency in a population through time.
Microevolutionary events lead to macroevolutionary events.
Microfabricated sensors can provide valuable information about the state of a system.
Microfiche attachment is available.
Microfiche catalogs are in the form of plastic cards, requiring a microfiche reader.
Microfiche collections are open to all patrons.
Microfiche collections corresponding to the first three indexes are also available.
Microfiche copies are also acceptable.
Microfiche copies are available through interlibrary loan or direct purchase.
Microfiche copies are now available for use.
Microfiche copies are to be retained at the discretion of the agency.
Microfiche drops take effect at the beginning of the week after the transaction.
Microfiche facilities are also available.
Microfiche files contain back issues of selected periodicals.
Microfiche prices are the same as for hard copy.
Microfiche publications are however only availiable by post.
Microfiche publications are in the cabinets at the north end of the floor.
Microfiche reader Allows user to read and print copies of magazines issues on microfiche cards.
Microfiche reader is at right.
Microfiche reader is for viewing only.
Microfiche readers are available at most public libraries.
Microfiche readers are available in most public and academic libraries.
Microfiche readers are available on the second floor.
Microfiche readers are nearby.
Microfiche readers are relatively inexpensive, and are also easy to find at libraries.
Microfiche reports arrive in about a week.
Microfiche sets are in numbered series that follow the microfilm.
A microfiche is microfilm
Microfiche are for library use only.
Microfiche are small flat sheets of photographic film.
Microfiche are small plastic cards.
Microfiche are somewhat easier to handle and information can be found quickly.
Microfiche is a flat sheet of film.
Microfiche is a transparent sheet and microfilm is a roll of film on a reel.
Microfiche is available.
Microfiche is easily and inexpensively replaced.
Microfiche is in negative polarity.
Microfiche is to be returned to the designated box.
Microfiche looks like a plastic index card with a miniturized picture of the journal pages.
Microfiches are exposure.
Microfiches are microfilm.
Most microfiche is filmed as a negative image.
Microfilm copies from a closed African-American parish in Asheville, North Carolina.
Microfilm copies from an active African-American parish in High Point, North Carolina.
Microfilm copies with reel number, date of the record and name of the library where it was found.
Microfilm is a film
Microfilm is films.
Microfilm is photographic films.
Microfilms are available in several locations.
All microFILM is in the gold cabinets.
All microfilm is self-serve.
Most microfilm is done as a positive image.
Microfilmed materials comprise a large part of our collection.
Some microfilmed newspapers are available for purchase by the roll .
Some microfilmed newspapers are available for purchase by the roll.
Some microfilmed pages are difficult to read.
Microfluidic manipulation is effected through the use of electroosmotic flow.
Microfluidic systems have diverse and widespread potential applications.
Microformed journals have the same call number as the single, unbound issues.
A microfossil is a fossil
Microfossils are common in rocks from the Hadean.
Microfossils are extremely important tools in biostratigraphy and paleoceanography .
Microfossils are fossils of one-celled organisms which are rather tricky to interpret.
Microfossils are fossils that are too small to be seen without a microscope.
Microfossils are fossils that are too small to be studied without the aid of a microscope.
Microfossils are fossils.
Microfossils are informative and abundant, occurring in many kinds of sediment.
Microfossils are tiny fossils, either plants or animals, which can be seen only with a microscope.
Microfossils are tiny, but recognizable, bits of plant or animal matter.
Microfossils are useful for biostratigraphy or correlating sedimentary rocks.
Microfossils are useful for paleoenvironmental interpretation.
Microfossils are very important in understanding the Precambrian fossil record.
Microfossils are vital to oil exploration.
Microfossils can provide important information about the ecology in the past .
Microfossils can provide important information about the ecology in the past.
Microfossils can tell alot about past quakes.
Microfossils tell scientists what organisms lived in the ocean in the past.
Microfracture surgery is a procedure designed to strengthen the knee.
Microgenerational borders break down repeatedly, and are rife with contradictions.
A microglia is a glia
Microglia are a subcomponent of the immune system located in the brains that respond to injury.
Microglia are macrophages that become phagocytic upon injury to nervous system.
Microglia are of mesodermal origin rather than being true neuroglia.
Microglia are the smallest of the glial cells.
Microglia arise from macrophages and remove debris after cell injury or death.
Microglia have phagocytic functions, scouring up dead cells and cleaning up debris.
Microglia have phagocytic functions,scouring up dead cells and cleaning up debris.
Microglia have small, elongated nuclei without visible cytoplasm.
Microglias are glial cells.
Microglias are neuroglias.
Microglial cells are mesodermal in origin.
Microglial development is altered in immature spinal cord by exposure to radiation.
Micrograft preparation is made easier with the aid of a video microscope and color monitor.
Micrographic surgery is removal of the cancer and as little normal tissue as possible.
Micrographic surgery removes the cancer and as little normal tissue as possible.
Microhardness testing is used to study material properties related to machining.
Microheat pumps provide cooling as required.
Microkarstic features occur only sporadically, and poljes are rare.
Microlight aircraft are here to stay.
Micromachined silicon cantilever paddles with piezoresistive readout for flow sensing.
A micrometeorite is a meteorite
Micrometeorites are an even more probable cause.
Micrometeorites are micrometeoroids which have survived entry through the Earth's atmosphere .
Micrometeoroids are extremely common in space.
Micrometeoroids pose a significant threat to space exploration.
Micrometeorological research is served by comprehensive data-logging and computer facilities.
A micrometer is an instrument
Micrometer isa caliper.
Micrometers are also available for measuring depths.
Micrometers are best, calipers a good second choice.
Micrometers are calipers.
Micrometers are instruments.
Micrometers have (part) sections.
Micrometers have better resolution yet, but generally have a smaller measurement range.
Most micrometers have a frame, anvil, spindle, sleeve, thimble, and ratchet stop.
Some micrometers have verniers to assist the estimation.
A micron is a linear measure
A micron is a metric
Microns is the width, in microns, of the smallest wire on the chip.
Every micron matters here.
Micronesian kingfishers appear to identify and defend nesting territories.
Micronesian schools are desperately understaffed and deficient in good English language instruction.
Micronized creatine has numerous advantages over regular creatine monohydrate.
Micronized creatine is very interesting.
Micronized formula avoids lumpy texture.
Micronutrient availability can be difficult to assess from a soil test alone, especially for zinc.
Micronutrient deficiencies are even more widespread.
Micronutrient deficiencies are rare in Pennsylvania.
Micronutrient deficiencies can cause problems with leaf and stem growth and fruit production.
Micronutrient deficiencies cause death and disability among the region s children.
Micronutrient deficiencies complicate undernutrition and cause anemia and rickets.
Micronutrient deficiencies vary geographically.
Micronutrient levels are much greater than most high fiber feeds on the market today.
Micronutrient malnutrition is dangerous.
Micronutrient management is complex and difficult.
Micronutrient excretes in urine.
Micronutrient helps health.
Micronutrient is food
Micronutrient is food.
Micronutrient isa food.
Micronutrient isa nutrient.
Micronutrient needs in adults differ slightly according to sex.
Micronutrient promotes health.
Micronutrients are also important in onion production.
Micronutrients are as essential as the macronutrients, but are required in much smaller amounts.
Micronutrients are effective birth defects prevention agents.
Micronutrients are essential for plant growth, metabolism and overall plant health.
Micronutrients are generally available in Alabama soils in adequate amounts for wheat production.
Micronutrients are just as important as other nutrients.
Micronutrients are key players in many of the processes important for plant growth.
Micronutrients are proteins, fat and carbohydrates.
Micronutrients are sometimes present as impurities in the water and in the solid substrate.
Micronutrients are the smaller components that comprise the diet and include vitamins and minerals.
Micronutrients are the vitamins and minerals often taken as nutritional supplements.
Micronutrients are trace elements that are essential to plant growth.
Micronutrients are usually available to plants through minerals in the soil.
Micronutrients are vitamins, minerals and fatty acids.
Micronutrients encourage the growth of beneficial soil organisms.
Micronutrients prevent cancer and delay aging.
Micronutrients provide the fine tuning and regulate many of the activities of our cells.
Micronutrients regulate a plant's physiology.
All micronutrients tend to have an indicator crop.
Most micronutrient helps health.
Most micronutrients come from soil parent materials.
Some micronutrient finds in fish.
A microorganism is an organism
Microorganism are unable to break down organic matter in high alkaline soils.
Microorganism invades host.
Microorganism isa organism.
Microorganisms abound in animal intestinal tracts.
Microorganisms again have conditions which favor rapid growth.
Microorganisms again have the conditions which favor rapid growth.
Microorganisms also contribute heavily to argricultural crop destruction.
Microorganisms also synthesize protein which is later digested by vertebrate.
Microorganisms are abundant in nature and the cause of most food-borne illness.
Microorganisms are active in the composting process.
Microorganisms are active organic substances in soil.
Microorganisms are adept in regulating the types and quantities of proteins formed.
Microorganisms are also major actors in soil food webs.
Microorganisms are always present in indoor environments.
Microorganisms are an essential part of Form five biology.
Microorganisms are antigenic, meaning they are capable of triggering the production of antibodies.
Microorganisms are central to understanding and defining long-term soil quality.
Microorganisms are classified into bacteria, viruses, fungi, and parasites.
Microorganisms are classified into four major groups.
Microorganisms are components of every ecosystem on Earth.
Microorganisms are constantly under environmental stresses in their natural environment.
Microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems , because they act as decomposers .
Microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems as they act as decomposers .
Microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems, because they act as decomposers.
Microorganisms are crucial to the survival of life on Mars in the future.
Microorganisms are essential for all life because they decompose waste.
Microorganisms are essential to our life.
Microorganisms are essential to the web of life in every environment.
Microorganisms are everywhere and are competing with one another.
Microorganisms are everywhere and often contaminate raw agricultural food products.
Microorganisms are everywhere in nature and in human environments.
Microorganisms are everywhere.
Microorganisms are germs that cause diseases.
Microorganisms are ideal for the large-scale production of enzymes.
Microorganisms are important in decay.
Microorganisms are important in the maintenance of an ecological balance on Earth.
Microorganisms are indispensible components of our ecosystems.
Microorganisms are intimately and intricately interwoven into our daily lives.
Microorganisms are key contributors to nutrient cycles in both terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.
Microorganisms are key to breaking down the rock mineral fertilizers to usable form for the plant.
Microorganisms are more active and digest materials faster in warm, moist, aerobic conditions.
Microorganisms are naturally present in the digestive systems of animals.
Microorganisms are often easier and less expensive to grow than multicellular organisms.
Microorganisms are often responsible for the rapid spoilage of foods.
Microorganisms are organisms.
Microorganisms are placed in phagosomes where they are ultimately digested by lysosomes.
Microorganisms are present everywhere in the soil, in the water, in the air, on our bodies.
Microorganisms are present in all soils in varying amounts.
Microorganisms are present in the soil primarily attached to soil particles.
Microorganisms are problematic in other ways.
Microorganisms are responsible for getting rid the waste generated by industry and households.
Microorganisms are responsible for infectious diseases.
Microorganisms are single-celled organisms such as bacteria, fungi and protozoa.
Microorganisms are small forms of plant and animal life, which break down the organic material.
Microorganisms are the cause of many infectious diseases.
Microorganisms are the cornerstone of modern biotechnology and genetic engineering.
Microorganisms are the living forms having more number of types on the earth.
Microorganisms are the principal actors of composting.
Microorganisms are tiny living creatures, much too small to see with the naked eye.
Microorganisms are ubiquitous in nature.
Microorganisms are ubiquitous in our environment.
Microorganisms are used to enrich the soil fertility.
Microorganisms are utilised for planning of unreactive group and enzymes.
Microorganisms are very beneficial to soils.
Microorganisms are very important also as primary link of ecosystem.
Microorganisms are very very small.
Microorganisms associated with the tree extend the connection into the nurse logs.
Microorganisms be to have a comparatively meteoric fertility rate of evolution.
Microorganisms break down matter.
Microorganisms break down organic matter.
Microorganisms can be both beneficial and harmful.
Microorganisms can be viruses, such as measles virus, or they can be bacteria.
Microorganisms cause animal diseases.
Microorganisms cause diseases.
Microorganisms cause infectious diseases.
Microorganisms change the color also by producing pigments themselves.
Microorganisms control the earth's environment through an astonishing array of chemical processes.
Microorganisms convert energy.
Microorganisms decompose dead organisms and waste material from living organisms.
Microorganisms decompose the plant protein into amino acids and can liberate ammonium.
Microorganisms degrade protective coatings by producing organic acids and by excreting enzymes.
Microorganisms depend on a specific enzyme to breathe.
Microorganisms depend on specific enzymes to breathe.
Microorganisms destroy pollutants after they are removed from the air stream by adsorption.
Microorganisms develop resistance because something alters their structure or function.
Microorganisms dominate the oceans where the macroscopic world is even less abundant than on land.
Microorganisms dominate the planet in terms of total mass, species diversity, and metabolic range.
Microorganisms dramatically increase when gloves occlude the skin.
Microorganisms eat the contaminant.
Microorganisms enter the teat duct in several ways.
Microorganisms enter the uterus through several routes.
Microorganisms exhibit extraordinary genetic and phenetic diversity.
Microorganisms exhibit many of the same metabolic pathways as multicellular organisms.
Microorganisms fall within all domains.
Microorganisms feed on both the dissolved and suspended organic material in the wastewater.
Microorganisms feed on organic matter and consume oxygen.
Microorganisms feed on organic matter and produce polysaccharides.
Microorganisms grow by binary fission.
Microorganisms have (part) cell membranes.
Microorganisms have (part) cells.
Microorganisms have (part) corpi.
Microorganisms have (part) cytoplasm.
Microorganisms have (part) nuclei.
Microorganisms have (part) plasma membranes.
Microorganisms have (part) sections.
Microorganisms have (part) vacuoles.
Microorganisms have a direct impact on our daily lives.
Microorganisms have ability.
Microorganisms have evolution.
Microorganisms have more flexibility than larger animals and greater mobility than plants.
Microorganisms infect humans.
Microorganisms inhabit guts.
Microorganisms interact with minerals and perturb the geochemical environment.
Microorganisms live and proliferate under special environmental conditions.
Microorganisms live everywhere in the ocean, from the deepest trenches to the high- est tide pools.
Microorganisms live in environments.
Microorganisms live in harsh environments.
Microorganisms live in marine environments.
Microorganisms live within tissue.
Microorganisms living in the rumen depend for their survival on the food that the animal eats.
Microorganisms living in water and in soil also break down nitrobenzene.
Microorganisms living in water and in soil break down biphenyl to other chemicals.
Microorganisms living in water and in soil can also break down phthalic anhydride.
Microorganisms living within the root mat are essential in aiding the uptake of available minerals.
Microorganisms make nitrogen available to plants.
Microorganisms metabolize and destroy contaminants.
Microorganisms metabolize or break down tebuthiuron in the soil.
Microorganisms multiply in used detergent wash water.
Microorganisms multiply rapidly, allowing easier analysis.
Microorganisms now serve as models for the study of basic biological processes.
Microorganisms obtain energy.
Microorganisms occur in water.
Microorganisms offer a cheap way to clean up pollution.
Microorganisms play major roles in energy transformations and biogeochemical processes.
Microorganisms present in the biofilm 'feed' from water that flows past.
Microorganisms present many mechanisms of metal tolerance.
Microorganisms produce nutrients.
Microorganisms produce toxic byproducts derived from their use of oxygen.
Microorganisms provide food.
Microorganisms range in complexity from single to multi-cellular organisms.
Microorganisms reduce the nitrate if incomplete drying or rewetting occurs.
Microorganisms release it as they break down organic material.
Microorganisms represent a very varied group of organisms invisible to the naked eye.
Microorganisms require a proper environment to work efficiently.
Microorganisms require certain basic nutrients for growth and maintenance of metabolic functions.
Microorganisms rule the world, as they have since life began.
Microorganisms sense and adapt to changes in their environment.
Microorganisms share many characteristics with all other types of cells.
Microorganisms surveyed include bacteria, viruses, and fungi.
Microorganisms tend to be associated with only uncomfortable infections and diseases.
Microorganisms tend to be host specific, to varying degrees.
Microorganisms therefore play an important role in biofouling as well as mussels and oyster farming.
Microorganisms thrive in dark, wet, warm bedding.
Microorganisms thrive in nutrient-rich water.
Microorganisms transform ammonia to nitrite and then nitrate through the process of nitrification .
Microorganisms transform mineral nutrients and degrade dead organisms and detritus.
Microorganisms use light or chemical energy.
Microorganisms use the carbon in leaves or woody wastes as an energy source.
Microorganisms use the organic material as a source of energy.
Microorganisms use the same basic genetic mechanisms as larger, more complex organisms.
Microorganisms vary in size.
Microorganisms often get a bad press.
Microorganisms often grow in humidifiers which are equipped with tanks containing standing water.
All microorganism have the potential to develop resistance to germicides.
All microorganisms are harmful to humans.
All microorganisms decompose decayed vegetation or other microorganisms.
Every microorganism has a very short life.
Many microorganisms also get their food from the tree.
Many microorganisms are capable of ammonification.
Many microorganisms are helpful and necessary for life itself.
Many microorganisms are unicellular or single-celled but some are multicellular.
Many microorganisms can degrade aliphatic and aromatic hydrocarbons.
Many microorganisms do.
Many microorganisms find body fluids an attractive place to live.
Many microorganisms grow on common burdock, and two microorganisms have economic importance.
Many microorganisms produce antibiotics and toxins.
Many microorganisms produce asymptomatic, or subclinical, mastitis in milking sheep.
Many microorganisms release essential plant nutrients as they break down organic materials.
Many microorganisms stand up surprisingly well to the space environment.
Many microorganisms use old dead stubs as springboards into the trunk.
Most microorganisms are harmless to humans.
Most microorganisms break down matter.
Most microorganisms break down organic matter.
Most microorganisms cause animal diseases.
Most microorganisms cause infectious diseases.
Most microorganisms grow best at high levels of moisture.
Most microorganisms have ability.
Most microorganisms have evolution.
Most microorganisms have the potential to detoxify and reduce heavy metals to a non-toxic form.
Most microorganisms infect humans.
Most microorganisms live in environments.
Most microorganisms live in harsh environments.
Most microorganisms live in marine environments.
Most microorganisms live within tissue.
Most microorganisms obtain energy.
Most microorganisms occur in water.
Most microorganisms produce nutrients.
Most microorganisms provide food.
Some microorganisms affect plants.
Some microorganisms are able to metabolize peptides and more complex proteins.
Some microorganisms are always present in the air, and some growth on a settling plate is normal.
Some microorganisms are beneficial while some are harmful.
Some microorganisms are eaten by other organisms.
Some microorganisms are harmful to the body and can cause disease by destroying cells in the body.
Some microorganisms are resistant to tannins.
Some microorganisms are skilled in other ways in obtaining iron from human hosts.
Some microorganisms are used to produce foods and chemicals.
Some microorganisms break down biomass.
Some microorganisms break down cellulose.
Some microorganisms break down indigestible cellulose.
Some microorganisms can be quite rich in astaxanthin.
Some microorganisms can cause acute health problems when consumed in drinking water.
Some microorganisms can grow in significantly lower temperatures and at lower RH levels.
Some microorganisms can use fats as an energy source.
Some microorganisms cause acute gastroenteritis.
Some microorganisms cause blindness.
Some microorganisms cause diarrhea.
Some microorganisms cause diseases while others produce antibiotics that cure diseases.
Some microorganisms cause diseases.
Some microorganisms cause eye infection.
Some microorganisms cause food to spoil making it look, smell, or taste bad.
Some microorganisms cause gastroenteritis.
Some microorganisms cause illnesses.
Some microorganisms cause infection.
Some microorganisms cause infectious gastroenteritis.
Some microorganisms cause meat to spoil.
Some microorganisms cause whole body infection.
Some microorganisms contain carbon.
Some microorganisms convert carbon dioxide.
Some microorganisms convert materials.
Some microorganisms convert organic materials.
Some microorganisms detoxify heavy metals by converting the metal to a volatile form.
Some microorganisms do require special processing.
Some microorganisms duplicate through budding e.g. yeast.
Some microorganisms enter blood.
Some microorganisms grow on surfaces.
Some microorganisms infect insects.
Some microorganisms infect plants.
Some microorganisms infect wheat seeds.
Some microorganisms inhabit intestines.
Some microorganisms inhabit small intestines.
Some microorganisms inhabit tracts.
Some microorganisms live in tracts.
Some microorganisms live in water.
Some microorganisms love the heat.
Some microorganisms negatively affect the body.
Some microorganisms occur naturally.
Some microorganisms produce acid.
Some microorganisms produce enzymes.
Some microorganisms produce flavour compounds, complex polysaccharides or organic acids.
Some microorganisms produce illnesses.
Some microorganisms produce methane.
Some microorganisms produce minor illnesses.
Some microorganisms produce pigment during growth and are said to be chromogenic .
A micropaleontology is an earth science
Micropaleontology is the general study of microscopic fossils.
Micropayment schemes involve similar calculations.
Many micropayment vendors use digital signature technology to ensure the identity of the buyer.
Microperforated plastics have tiny pores to let condensation out.
A microphage is a neutrophil
Microphages are cells with powerful digestive enzymes and antibacterial substances.
A microphone boom is a pole
Microphone boom is flexible and retains shape.
Microphone boom rotates for use on either left or right side.
Microphone booms are located in concerts.
Microphone booms are located in recording studios.
Microphone booms are located in studios.
Microphone booms are used for sound.
Microphone cables are common line level signal carriers.
Microphone cables are especially vulnerable to such interference.
Microphone guys are always uptight.
Microphone headset is included.
Microphone indicator shows when the microphone is picking up sound.
Microphone placement is also an important factor influencing audio quality.
Microphone placement is done to minimize pickup of signals from background noise.
Microphone placement is important as well.
Microphone placement is key to achieving the desired effect.
Microphone Placement Try to position the mic as close to the action as possible.
Microphone position is crucial to good recognition accuracy.
Microphone selection is also very important.
Microphone sensitivity is handy for clearly recording whispers or shouts.
Microphone signals are typically low-voltage, and often balanced.
Microphone support is integrated into the game, which is a nice feature.
Microphone technique depends on the hardware and the musical or speaking style.
Microphone technique Try to work in a quiet location.
A microphone is a transducer
Microphone adjust switch for optimal voice output.
Microphone Comes with a microphone extension and either table or floor stand.
Microphone is available at no additional charge.
Microphone is connected to an audio or video recording device.
Microphone is covered with something.
Microphone is Standard.
Microphone is supported as well, either PC sound card or external voice keyer can generate audio.
Microphone is turned off while speaker is still on.
Microphone isa device.
Microphone pick up of deck mechanical noise is a normal wear and tear problem.
Microphone slides thru and is clamped down, the angle is adjustable.
Microphone stands work well.
Microphones allow students in each class to speak for all to hear.
Microphones allow students to record and review their speech.
Microphones also pose connection problems without sound boards present.
Microphones are another dilemma.
Microphones are another thing to listen out for.
Microphones are available for check out through the computer center lab aides.
Microphones are available for keynote and plenary speakers.
Microphones are available for recreational events sponsored by university organizations.
Microphones are available in sizes as small as a pinhead.
Microphones are available with a wide variety of sizes, shapes, and operating characteristics.
Microphones are exactly the same.
Microphones are for sissies.
Microphones are for wimps.
Microphones are in the tentacles.
Microphones are input devices.
Microphones are like people.
Microphones are located in concert halls.
Microphones are located in conferences.
Microphones are located in demonstrations.
Microphones are located in stages.
Microphones are plentiful and fill a wide range of circumstances.
Microphones are products.
Microphones are subject to an inordinate amount of abuse, especially in live music.
Microphones are the heart of any audio setup.
Microphones are transducers.
Microphones are typical audio input devices.
Microphones are used for amplification.
Microphones are useless without their connectors.
Microphones become very handy in the production of video movies, and in oral presentations.
Microphones belong to the transducer family, devices for converting one form of energy to another.
Microphones bring the outdoor sounds indoors.
Microphones can capture sounds from the air which is good for sound effects or voices.
Microphones can make a big difference in quality of sound.
Microphones can ONLY record in Mono format.
Microphones can record up to four separate audio tracks.
Microphones change sound.
Microphones come in many different styles.
Microphones come in various styles, including headset, tabletop, and hands-free.
Microphones convert sound into electrical energy that can be amplified and shaped.
Microphones convert sound waves into electrical voltages.
Microphones define the quality and character of every voice and instrument they record.
Microphones fall into several categories.
Microphones follows hormonal urges to the pus-caked mirror.
Microphones hang from the ceiling and pick up sound.
Microphones have (part) sections.
Microphones have a small membrane that responds to pressure variations by vibrating.
Microphones have an important role where speech recognition acceptance is concerned.
Microphones have limiting circuitry that shuts down when a noise impulse is too large.
Microphones have to be installed and sound checks conducted.
Microphones known as condenser microphones require a power source in order to operate.
Microphones Learn about and order the top microphones for use with speech recognition.
Microphones line all four rooms to allow for unobtrusive grading and reviewing.
Microphones make a big difference in recording quality.
Microphones make big screeching noises.
Microphones make handy stethoscopes.
Microphones mount on the ends of the goosenecks.
Microphones pick up and amplify ambient sounds in true stereo.
Microphones pick up every bleat or chirp.
Microphones pick up the noise produced and generate a graph plotting decibels against time.
Microphones pick up the students' and teachers' voices from anywhere in the classroom.
Microphones pick up the student's pronunciation for comparison with a native speaker's.
Microphones reject sound from certain directions for a reason.
Microphones require one input and stereo sound requires two inputs.
Microphones sprout high above the crowd.
Microphones suppress environmental noise to aid in two-way communication.
Microphones tend to produce very small signal levels.
Microphones There are many possibilities for using microphones.
Microphones vary in shape and size and by the type of sound they are designed to pickup.
Microphones vary widely in size, shape, sound quality, acoustic characteristics and other details.
Microphones vary widely in their shock sensitivity.
All microphones are expensive, delicate instruments.
All microphones are transducers, converting one form of energy to another.
All microphones tend to give priority to the loudest sound over the lower sounds.
Most microphones change sound.
Most microphones packaged with computers today are cheap throwaways.
Some microphones convert energy.
Some microphones even have a selector switch to change, or alter the response pattern.
Some microphones have excessive bass response.
Some microphones use a coil rather than a single wire.
Microphonic noise is never welcome.
Microphotonic components have the potential of revolutionizing photonic integration.
Microphyllous leaves are much simpler, with no petiole and usually only one vein.
Microphytic soil crusts significantly affect soils.
Microporous coating insures uniform binding of cells and macromolecules.
Microporous finish allows feet to breathe and provides protection from scuffs and stains.
Some microporous membranes are created in sheets, like cloth, and glued between the covering layers.
Micropower generation can support northwest Kansas because of our low population density.
Micropower radio is now at a crucial and historic moment.
Microprobe analysis shows that sample is homogeneous between and within grains.
Microprobe analysis shows the sample to be homogenous within and between grains.
Microprobe study shows it to be compositionally very close to the pure manganese-rich end member.
A microprocessor is semiconductor
Microprocessors act as the brains of computers.
Microprocessors amplify the electricity and measure it to calculate the G-force.
Microprocessors are a classic example of such parts.
Microprocessors are an example of such chips.
Microprocessors are chips.
Microprocessors are classified by the size of their data bus or address bus.
Microprocessors are complicated.
Microprocessors are electronic components.
Microprocessors are everywhere.
Microprocessors are integrated circuits.
Microprocessors are located in computers.
Microprocessors are made from silicon, quartz, metals, and other chemicals.
Microprocessors are miniaturized devices that often implement stored program CPUs.
Microprocessors are only one part of the overall video production, delivery, and consumption system.
Microprocessors are part of personal computers.
Microprocessors are programmable and the program is usually stored in a ROM or main memory.
Microprocessors are slow.
Microprocessors are the brains behind personal computers.
Microprocessors are the brains of every computer.
Microprocessors are the central brains of a computer.
Microprocessors are the central processing units of computer systems.
Microprocessors are the most important kind of non-memory chips.
Microprocessors are the silicon chips that process data in computers.
Microprocessors are very sensitive to the clock's voltage level, duty cycle, and noise.
Microprocessors are vital engines of growth in the new information-based economy.
Microprocessors can get confused, and like human brains, they often work better after a rest.
Microprocessors contain both combinational logic and sequential digital logic.
Microprocessors continue to become smaller, more powerful and cheaper.
Microprocessors control all motions, and simplified programming makes the traverse easy to use.
Microprocessors control temperature, cylinder speeds, mechanical action, and moisture levels.
Microprocessors convert the control commands into motion signals for a machine's axes.
Microprocessors determine the proper amount of braking pressure based on the driving situation.
Microprocessors generate more heat with increased device densities and faster clock rates.
Microprocessors help making cars safer.
Microprocessors help to do everything from writing to searching the Web .
Microprocessors help to do everything from writing to searching the Web.
Microprocessors offer higher performance compared to co-processors.
Microprocessors provide the brains of the games, and batteries provide the power.
Microprocessors run virtually every telecom system.
Microprocessors simplify the process of data processing.
All microprocessors require an operating system and there are a lot of microprocessors in the world.
Every microprocessor has bugs.
Micropropagated aroids are no different from any other aroid in their ability to resist diseases.
Micropyles are tiny porous openings in the seed.
Microsatellite instability is uncommon in the intestinal mucosa of patients with Crohn s disease.
Microsatellite instability is uncommon in uterine serous carcinoma.
Microsatellite markers are gene products that can facilitate the mapping of genes.
Microsatellite markers detect hypervariable regions of the genome.
Microsatellite profiles reveal an unexpected genetic relationship between Asian populations.
Microsatellite regions refer to the relative depth of DNA analysis.
Microsatellite repeats are minute regions of DNA that are repeated dozens of times.
Microscale bead beds On the surface On the surface.
Microscale equipment is used to reduce waste, save time and simplify synthesis methodology.
Microscale labs allow safety concerns to be cut to a minimum.
Microscale methods continue to be used in the organic chemistry course.
Microscale work predominates.
A microscope slide is an artifact
Microscope slides work well because they are thin.
A microscope is a scientific instrument
Microscope isa magnifier.
Microscopes also allow people to watch living things in action.
Microscopes also can help researchers identify cancer cells with irregular shapes.
Microscopes also reveal the amazing world beyond the limitations of the human eye.
Microscopes are a vital tool of the microbiologist.
Microscopes are among the most misused laboratory instruments.
Microscopes are available for rental or purchase.
Microscopes are available for visitors' use.
Microscopes are available for visitor's use.
Microscopes are available for water sample viewing.
Microscopes are available in the laboratory.
Microscopes are expensive.
Microscopes are laboratory equipment.
Microscopes are located in laboratories.
Microscopes are the largest expense for any high school or college laboratory.
Microscopes are tools used to enlarge small objects so as they can be studied.
Microscopes are used in surgeries, such as cataract surgery and brain surgery.
Microscopes are used to look at things that are too small to be seen by the unaided eye.
Microscopes are used to see things too small for the naked eye.
Microscopes are used to study jewels and identify stones.
Microscopes can get far out of alignment easily and quickly.
Microscopes can show a whole other world.
Microscopes designed for super wide field has bigger tube.
Microscopes have (part) sections.
Microscopes have a short focal length objective and a longer focal length eye-piece.
Microscopes have ability.
Microscopes have limitations.
Microscopes have two general purposes.
Microscopes Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Microscopes help scientists see objects invisible to the naked eye.
Microscopes Learn how to use a microscope and look at the world in a whole new perspective.
Microscopes make it possible to see that living things are made mostly of cells.
Microscopes Operate a compound light microscope.
Microscopes perform functions.
Microscopes perform similar functions.
Microscopes provide details.
Microscopes range from a simple magnifying glass to the expensive electron microscope.
Microscopes reveal flaws.
Microscopes use electrons instead of light to create an image.
Microscopes use lenses.
Microscopes vary wildly as to what lamp they use.
Microscopes verify the identity of the powder on a cellular level.
All microscopes come with a warranty.
All Microscopes listed are in excellent condition.
Many microscopes are now fully integrated systems, including computer hardware and software.
Many microscopes nowadays use infinity-corrected objectives.
Many microscopes still offer Huygenian-type eyepieces.
Most microscopes change intensity by changing the voltage to the lamp.
Most microscopes have ability.
Most microscopes perform functions.
Most microscopes perform similar functions.
Most microscopes provide details.
Most microscopes therefore have a lens called a condensor just below the specimen slide.
Most microscopes use a mirror or electric light underneath an object to light it up.
Most microscopes use lenses to magnify the image of an object by focusing light or electrons.
Most microscopes use lenses.
Some microscopes allow scientists.
Some microscopes create environments.
Some microscopes have huge impact.
Some microscopes have impact.
Some microscopes lead to discoveries.
Some microscopes pass, or transmit, electrons through a thin slice of an object.
Some microscopes provide overall height measurement.
Some microscopes use effects.
Some microscopes use lenses and lights.
Microscopic algas live in salt water.
Microscopic algas live in water.
Microscopic algae are food for microscopic animal plankton.
Microscopic algae are single-celled plants that live in the sea.
Microscopic algae are the primary producers of dissolved oxygen in pond water.
Microscopic algae are the source of much of Earth 's oxygen.
Some microscopic algae are also in Lichens .
Some microscopic algae are also in Lichens.
Microscopic analyses look at patterns.
Microscopic analysis has a long tradition in the proof of identity and purity of crude drugs.
Microscopic analysis is performed to identify and quantitate cellular elements and cast forms.
Microscopic analysis looks for inclusion bodies seen with special stains.
Microscopic analysis reveals that the scales are empty. .
Most microscopic analyses look at patterns.
Some microscopic analyses reveal bacteria.
A microscopic anatomy is an anatomy
Microscopic anatomy comprises cytology, general histology and organ histology.
Microscopic anatomy is taught in a modern histology laboratory.
Microscopic animals associated with detritus also cover the surface of mud in the salt marsh.
Many microscopic animals swim by means of beating cilia.
Some microscopic animals live in estuaries.
Some microscopic animals live in water.
Some microscopic animals live on tops.
Microscopic aquatic organisms use photosynthesis.
Most microscopic bacteria feed on decay matter.
Most microscopic bacteria feed on materials.
Most microscopic bacteria feed on matter.
Most microscopic bacteria feed on organic materials.
Microscopic bacteria feed on decay matter.
Microscopic bacteria feed on materials.
Microscopic bacteria feed on matter.
Microscopic bacteria feed on organic materials.
Microscopic crustaceans are abundant and amazingly diverse in marine sand and sediments.
Microscopic crystals grow amid the fibers in a piece of wood.
Microscopic cuts are almost always the case.
Microscopic diamonds are found in some meteorites.
Microscopic diamonds crack geologic mold.
Microscopic diatoms are particularly abundant.
Some microscopic differences occur in other stages of development.
Microscopic embryos enter dormant states.
Microscopic embryos enter states.
Most microscopic embryos enter dormant states.
Most microscopic embryos enter states.
Some microscopic eukaryotes have complex internal structures.
Some microscopic eukaryotes have complex structures.
Some microscopic eukaryotes have internal structures.
Some microscopic eukaryotes have structures.
Microscopic exam Be thorough here.
Microscopic examination can usually identify different cellulosic fibers.
Microscopic examination is important for the diagnosis of paracoccidioidomycosis.
Microscopic examination is often necessary to determine the cause of the problem.
Microscopic examination is performed.
Microscopic examination is required to distinguish between species.
Microscopic examination is the only way to tell if cancer cells are present.
Microscopic examination reveals both oval and long, thread-like colorless spores.
Microscopic examination reveals oval, colorless spores.
Microscopic examination reveals severe inflammatory changes and associated ceroid pigment.
Microscopic examination reveals that the hair is a blond, Caucasian head hair.
Microscopic examination reveals use-wear patterns.
Microscopic examination shows no fracturing or breaking of plant cells indicative of forced bending.
Microscopic examination shows that the cells of the scales have become filled with water.
Microscopic examination shows that they are impressive and beautifully formed creatures.
Microscopic examination substantiates the above diagnosis.
Some microscopic examinations require expertise.
Some microscopic examinations reveal basement membranes.
Some microscopic examinations reveal hallmarks.
Some microscopic examinations reveal membranes.
Some microscopic examinations show damage.
Some microscopic examinations show deterioration.
Microscopic example given is skin from a horse with pemphigus foliaceous.
Microscopic example is of a cat with a subcutaneous atypical mycobacterium sp.
Microscopic font induces bad eyesight.
Microscopic footage reveals how modern medicine enhances our powers of regeneration .
Microscopic freshwater crustacea - a superbly illustrated look at some common types of crustacea.
Microscopic fungi produce growth.
Microscopic hematuria is an uncommon inaugural sign of kidney tumors in young asymptomatic patients.
Microscopic hematuria is defined as blood in the urine that is only evident under the microscope.
Microscopic hematuria is very common but gross hematuria is present in an occasional patient.
Microscopic hematuria refers to blood in the urine that is visible only under a microscope.
Most microscopic hitchhikers are harmless creatures, even helpful.
Some microscopic images show development.
Any microscopic impurities are negligible.
Microscopic inspection assures consistent quality and performance.
Some microscopic larvae bear little resemblance.
Microscopic lesions can become infected and enlarged as a result of improper teat-dipping.
Microscopic marine organisms use photosynthesis.
Microscopic mites are everywhere and are only a problem when our immune systems are overwhelmed.
Microscopic observation is necessary to observe features typical of ringworm.
Microscopic observation reveals changes in skeletal and heart muscle.
Microscopic observations can confirm the identity of fungi and reveal their spores.
Microscopic observations suggest that older parageneses have been annealed during that event.
Microscopic orchitis is an incidental finding or seen in dogs with azoospermia.
Microscopic organisms can break it down more easily without oxygen than with oxygen.
Microscopic organisms live in environments.
Microscopic organisms live in every part of the biosphere .
Microscopic organisms live in water.
Microscopic organisms live in watery environments.
Microscopic organisms play roles.
Microscopic organisms show differentiations.
Microscopic organisms use photosynthesis.
Microscopic organisms use sunlight.
Many microscopic organisms are part of the floating plankton in the oceans.
Most microscopic organisms live in environments.
Most microscopic organisms live in water.
Most microscopic organisms live in watery environments.
Most microscopic organisms play roles.
Most microscopic organisms use sunlight.
Some microscopic organisms cause deadly diseases.
Some microscopic organisms cause diseases.
Some microscopic organisms contain chlorophyll.
Some microscopic organisms produce methane.
Microscopic parasites can cause arthritis-like symptoms.
Some microscopic parasites cause diarrheal illnesses.
Some microscopic parasites cause illnesses.
Some microscopic parasites perform beneficial cleaning services for their hosts.
Microscopic particles suspend in air.
Most microscopic particles suspend in air.
Some microscopic pests drink juice.
Microscopic photos show Zyvex scientists bending a nanotube.
Microscopic plants grow in ponds.
Microscopic plants make food.
Microscopic plants use energy.
Most microscopic plants grow in ponds.
Most microscopic plants make food.
Most microscopic plants use energy.
Some microscopic plants increase turbidities.
Some microscopic plants live in oceans.
Some microscopic plants obtain energy.
Microscopic section includes the atrial septum, tricuspid valve and interventricular septum.
Microscopic section shows several large cysts.
Microscopic seeds present a whole new set of problems.
Microscopic slides are then prepared and examined by a pathologist.
Microscopic slides require special packaging which pathology departments are skilled in performing.
All microscopic specimens covered in the course are examinable.
Microscopic sponges absorb water.
Most microscopic sponges absorb water.
Some microscopic structures reflect light.
Microscopic surgery changes neurological surgery by a quantum leap.
Microscopic urinalysis requires only a relatively inexpensive light microscope.
Some microscopic worms kill caterpillars.
Some microscopic worms kill insects.
Microscopic zooplankton are the main food source for white-spotted jellies.
A microscopist is a scientist
Microscopists are scientists.
Microscopists can choose between a red or yellow illuminated reticle.
Microscopists can choose between a red or yellow illuminated reticule.
Microscopists say limestone particles are similar to the hills around Jerusalem.
Every microscopist has favourite slides, though probably cherished for different reasons.
Many microscopists have a room where they have their microscopes and do their microscopy.
Many microscopists have access to e-mail and a Web browser, even if it's only Lynx.
Many microscopists have at least one microphotograph in their slide collection.
Some microscopists claim that live-blood can be used to diagnose for parasites.
A microsecond is unit of time
Every microsecond counts when packets are being compressed, encrypted or otherwise modified.
Microseism is an earthquake
Microseisms interfere with the recording of primary, secondary, and long waves.
Microseismic activity is measured by placing an array of geophones in a nearby wellbore.
Microseismic mapping is very similar geophysically to seismology .
A microspore is a spore
Microspores are groups of cells that are in the process of becoming pollen grains.
Microspores are immature pollen grains.
Microspores are spores.
Microspores are the male spores, which develop into microgametophytes.
Microspores develop into female gametophyte that produces egg in archegonium.
Microspores develop into male gametophyte that produces sperm in atheridia.
Microspores develop into male gametophytes called pollen grains, consisting of only a few cells.
Microspores develop into male gametophytes.
Microspores develop into pollen grains, which contain the male gametophyte.
Microspores develop into pollen grains.
Microspores develops by meiosis from the microspore mother cell.
Microspores form pollen grains, which are immature male gametophytes.
Microspores occur in male cones and form male gametophytes.
Microspores occur in male cones and megaspores occur in female cones.
Microspores pollinate megasporangium, which is then fertilized and the embryo dispersed to grow.
Microspores produce the male antheridia and megaspores produce the female antheridia.
Every microspore develops into an immature male gametophyte, also called a pollen grain.
A microsporidian is a sporozoan
Microsporidians are a group of small parasitic protozoans, one of the oldest protozoan groups known.
A microsporophyll is a leaf
Microsporophylls bear two to eight microsporangia.
Microsporophylls erupt between two bracts when sporangia mature.
Microstructural changes lead to clinical deterioration.
Microsurgery allows plastic surgeons to operate in any area of the body.
Microsurgery connects tiny blood vessels, creating a lifeline for the transplanted tissue.
Microsurgery is a dynamic field.
Microsurgery is a skill which takes time and constant practice to perfect and maintain.
Microsurgery is a very very skilled craft.
Microsurgery is an operation that removes the cancer and as little normal tissue as possible.
Microsurgery is an operation
Microsurgery is another possible option.
Microsurgery is operations.
Microsurgery is the more well established and frequently used method.
Microsurgery is the treatment of choice for lesions that are symptomatic and accessible.
Microsurgery is the use of microscopic dissection techniques to physically remove the tumor.
Microsurgical clipping is the more established of the two techniques.
Microsurgical instrumentation is to a high standard.
Microsurgical procedures requiring great precision are then possible.
Microsurgical removal is required to restore the patient's voice.
Microsurgical resection is the more established of the three techniques.
Microsurgical techniques achieve the best results.
Microsurgical treatment remains the treatment of choice for AN's.
Microtech readers are available in either external or internal configurations.
Microtext staff is available to assist users with viewing and printing microforms.
A microtome is a scientific instrument
Microtomes are available to cut frozen, paraffin, vibratome, and plastic sections.
Microtomes are often fine pieces of mechanism.
Microtomes have a mechanism for advancing the block across the knife.
Microtonal pitches are nothing new in music, however.
Microtonal variations make the tones beat softly against each other.
Microtubular systems contain at least three a-tubulin isoforms.
A microtubule is a tubule
Microtubule arrays are also in the cortex of the zygote.
Microtubule isa tubule.
Microtubules also act in a funicular-like way to help objects move around in the cell.
Microtubules also form a dense network within most eukaryotic cells.
Microtubules also form the core of motile appendages known as cilia and flagella.
Microtubules are a different type of protein than the microfilaments.
Microtubules are actually hollow tubes consisting of rows of paired tubulin molecules.
Microtubules are also essential in the separation of chromosomes during mitosis.
Microtubules are also involved in cellular movement as a whole.
Microtubules are also involved in the movement of cilia and flagella.
Microtubules are also the major component of cilia and flagella.
Microtubules are among the most important structures in living things.
Microtubules are another component of the cytoskeleton and are found throughout the cytoplasm.
Microtubules are biological conduits that allow chemical communication within cells.
Microtubules are created at many sites that are scattered through the cell.
Microtubules are critical to spindle and aster formation in all cells as they prepare for mitosis.
Microtubules are dynamic polymers that coordinate many cellular processes throughout the cell cycle.
Microtubules are essential to cell division , so taxanes are essentially mitotic inhibitors .
Microtubules are essential to cell division, so taxanes are essentially mitotic inhibitors.
Microtubules are hollow rods made of a globular protein called tubulin.
Microtubules are hollow tubes composed of a protein called tubulin.
Microtubules are hollow tubes composed of globular proteins.
Microtubules are hollow, cylindrical polymers of alpha and beta tubulin heterodimers.
Microtubules are important for cell polarity and for controlling the direction of cell expansion.
Microtubules are involved in cell division.
Microtubules are involved in vesicular transport.
Microtubules are key players in the organization of cellular space.
Microtubules are made of a protein called 'tubulin'.
Microtubules are obligate eukaryotic structures.
Microtubules are of fundamental biological importance.
Microtubules are one of three structural elements that make up the cytoskeleton.
Microtubules are polymers.
Microtubules are present in cells and are comprised of tubulin proteins.
Microtubules are present in cells in general.
Microtubules are present in the axons and long dendrite projections of nerve cells.
Microtubules are present.
Microtubules are protein polymers which are relatively rigid and afford the cell some strength.
Microtubules are replicated.
Microtubules are responsible for movement of mitochondria and vesicles.
Microtubules are rod-shaped fibers that exist in cells and serve as railroad tracks.
Microtubules are shown in green, actin is shown in red and DNA is in blue.
Microtubules are straight or slightly curved delicate organelles located in almost all cells.
Microtubules are the logical candidates.
Microtubules are tiny filaments found in all eukaryotes.
Microtubules are tubules made of dimers of a and b tubulin units.
Microtubules are tubules.
Microtubules are yellow.
Microtubules are, as the name implies, very tiny tubes.
Microtubules assemble and disassemble during a cell cycle.
Microtubules assemble and disassemble during the cell cycle.
Microtubules attach at the kinetochores and the chromosomes begin moving.
Microtubules attach to kinetochores.
Microtubules attached to kinetochores are highly unstable throughout mitosis.
Microtubules bind to the kinetochore and shut off the signal.
Microtubules build the flagella and cilia that many eukaryotic cells possess.
Microtubules can attach to only one side of each centromere.
Microtubules can dimerize and trimerize.
Microtubules can function individually or join with other proteins to create larger structures.
Microtubules cause the chromosome movement.
Microtubules contract around the periphery of the cell.
Microtubules control the movement of chromosomes.
Microtubules create the small movements of cilia and flagella.
Microtubules disassemble and create spindles.
Microtubules display dynamic instability unless they are capped.
Microtubules exhibit dynamic instability .
Microtubules extend from the perinucleus towards the cell periphery.
Microtubules extend radially from centrosomes, forming an aster.
Microtubules form part of the mitotic spindle that moves the chromosomes during cell division.
Microtubules form the spindle but attach to only one face of each centromere at the kinetochore.
Microtubules function in shape, support, and help move organelles around the cell.
Microtubules go from slowly growing to rapidly shrinking.
Microtubules grow only at the plus end, but can shorten at either end.
Microtubules have (part) corpi.
Microtubules help position, anchor, and move organelles and alter the shapes of cells.
Microtubules help support the shape of a cell.
Microtubules mediate between the control center and the autonomous domains.
Microtubules mediate mitochondrial distribution in fission yeast.
Microtubules move the virion to the nucleus, and viral DNA moves in through a nuclear pore.
Microtubules organize at the microtubule organizing center and extend to the plasma membrane.
Microtubules participate in a wide variety of cell activities.
Microtubules participate in various cellular functions by interacting with other cellular component.
Microtubules perform vital functions such as separating chromosomes during mitosis.
Microtubules play a key role in neuron function.
Microtubules play a key role in the cytoskeleton and MAPs regulate microtubule dynamics.
Microtubules provide form and organization to eukaryotic cells.
Microtubules provide structures for attachment of chromosomes during cell division.
Microtubules provide the architectural framework on which many cellular organelles are transported.
Microtubules provide the shape and structural organization of the cell.
Microtubules pull the homologous chromosome apart, but sister chromatids are held together.
Microtubules radiate outward from a point in the cell called the microtubule organizing center.
Microtubules tend to grow out from the centrosome to the plasma membrane.
Microtubules then reorganize into a new cytoskeleton for the return to interphase.
All microtubules are nucleated from structures known as microtubule-organizing centers, or MTOCs.
Some microtubules are surrounded by membranes.
Some microtubules are surrounded by plasma membranes.
Some microtubules extend from poles.
Some microtubules penetrate envelopes.
Some microtubules penetrate nuclear envelopes.
Microvascular atherosclerosis is absent until five years or more from diagnosis.
Microvascular changes explain the two-hit theory for multiple organ failure.
Microvascular changes explain the two-hit theory for multiple organ system failure.
Microvascular complications including retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy can also occur.
Microvascular complications require a number of years to develop into symptomatic disease.
Microvascular congestion is prominent throughout the sections.
Microvascular decompression preserves the trigeminal nerve.
Microvascular disease is a significant problem for diabetics and can lead to ulcerations.
Microvascular disease is important in terms of diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy.
Microvascular disease is much more common in minorities.
Microvascular disease is unlikely to cause dia-betic cardiomyopathy.
Microvascular skin responses in elderly people with varicose leg ulcers.
Microvesicular changes appear to be the first stage of hepatic decompensation.
Microvesicular dermatitis suggests allergic contact dermatitis, such as poison ivy dermatitis.
Microwavable glass is the safest bet.
Microwavable meals call for a new set of container guidelines.
Microwave background is quite uniform.
Microwave cooking can leave cold spots where bacteria can grow.
Microwave cooking involves special requirements.
Microwave cooking is an great way to retain vitamins and color in vegetables.
Microwave cooking is as possible with bison as it is with beef or any other red meat.
Microwave cooking is convenient.
Microwave cooking is fastest - six to seven minutes per pound.
Microwave cooking is fine.
Microwave cooking is quick and easy.
Microwave cooking is safe to use for defrosting, reheating, and cooking.
Microwave cooking is the only type of cooking permitted.
Microwave cooking requires special precautions.
Microwave cooking requires very little water so that vegetables retain vitamins and minerals.
Microwave cooking uses much less energy than conventional cooking.
Microwave energy heats the gases inside the bulbs to form a high-temperature plasma.
Microwave energy is a form of electro-magnetic energy.
Microwave energy is actually a high frequency radio wave, in the same spectrum as radar.
Microwave energy is directed into the cooking chamber where the food is placed to be heated.
Microwave energy is produced by the surrounding cocoon cloud.
All microwave energy remains inside the cooking cavity.
Some microwave energy comes from ocean surfaces.
Some microwave energy comes from surfaces.
Microwave hearing is a robust effect.
Microwave heating allows quicker uniform heating.
Microwave heating can also cause a breakdown of the nutrients in formula.
Microwave heating can especially damage the eyes and testes.
Microwave heating is instantaneous, selective, and volumetric.
Microwave heating offers a great benefit over external, high temperature heating methods.
Microwave heating offers many advantages over conventional heating.
Microwave heating tends to overcook foods before they are dried completely.
Microwave irradiation affects radialarm maze performance in the rat.
Microwave irradiation is non-ionizing and impacts molecular rotation and ion migration.
Microwave links connect Kathmandu with the rest of the country.
Microwave links contribute high-speed data paths to facilities at other sites in North Carolina.
Microwave links exist with Kenya, Djibouti and Eritrea.
A microwave oven is a kitchen appliance
Microwave ovens are a fast way to dry herbs when only small quantities are to be prepared.
Microwave ovens are a good case in point.
Microwave ovens are a necessity.
Microwave ovens are also available in some locations.
Microwave ovens are available for student use in the lobbies of the residence halls.
Microwave ovens are available for students.
Microwave ovens are available in an array of sizes and with a number of features.
Microwave ovens are available in the kitchen next to the canteen area.
Microwave ovens are available in the tea pantries.
Microwave ovens are available to heat food items.
Microwave ovens are available to heat lunches, and milk is included in the fees.
Microwave ovens are available.
Microwave ovens are extremely reliable devices.
Microwave ovens are fast, but miss the feel of real baking and roasting.
Microwave ovens are fast, but they do have a few annoying kinks.
Microwave ovens are helpful to busy people who prepare meals.
Microwave ovens are kitchen tools.
Microwave ovens are located in houses.
Microwave ovens are located in kitchens.
Microwave ovens are more efficient than conventional ovens.
Microwave ovens are now available in the dining room.
Microwave ovens are ovens.
Microwave ovens are passe.
Microwave ovens are popular because they cook food in an amazingly short amount of time.
Microwave ovens are popular because they cook food incredibly quickly.
Microwave ovens are probably the most hazardous of consumer appliances to service.
Microwave ovens are simple to clean.
Microwave ovens are still an unknown.
Microwave ovens are three times more energy efficient than electric ovens.
Microwave ovens are usually a safer alternative to a traditional range.
Microwave ovens are very safe when kept in good working condition and used properly.
Microwave ovens can also be a problem.
Microwave ovens can cut energy required for cooking in half.
Microwave ovens can interfere.
Microwave ovens consume the least amount of energy and are highly space efficient.
Microwave ovens contain a microwave generator called a klystron.
Microwave ovens distribute heat unevenly.
Microwave ovens emit electromagnetic radiation in the radio wave spectrum.
Microwave ovens emit two kinds of radiation.
Microwave ovens generate more moisture than do conventional ovens.
Microwave ovens get hotter the more they are used.
Microwave ovens have enough power.
Microwave ovens have nothing to do with nuclear radiation.
Microwave ovens have power.
Microwave ovens have their limitations.
Microwave ovens make cooking and reheating food easier and faster than ever.
Microwave ovens make it easier to cook meals safely and independently.
Microwave ovens operate on the same frequency as the access point and can cause signal interference.
Microwave ovens operate on the same frequency as the bridge and can cause signal interference.
Microwave ovens pose no problem.
Microwave ovens produce high-quality nitrides of titanium, vanadium and aluminium, the group says.
Microwave ovens promote cancer and destroy vital nutrients, warn scientists.
Microwave ovens provide a convenient method of cooking and reheating food.
Microwave ovens provide rapid heating and are excellent for reheating a single food item rapidly.
Microwave ovens radiate high-energy waves with a short wavelength towards the food substance.
Microwave ovens save energy by cooking and heating food so much quicker than conventional methods.
Microwave ovens seem to damage the food more than standard cooking methods.
Microwave ovens stay clean and scrub free.
Microwave ovens use an entirely different approach to heating food.
Microwave ovens use approximately half the energy of conventional ovens.
Microwave ovens use half as much electricity as regular ovens.
Microwave ovens use high-frequency electromagnetic waves to cook foods.
Microwave ovens use much less energy than conventional ovens.
Microwave ovens use the chassis as ground return for the high voltage.
Microwave ovens vary in cooking power.
Microwave ovens vary in wattage.
Microwave ovens vary.
All microwave ovens are electric, and most sit on a counter top.
ALL microwave ovens have high and low energy areas.
All microwave ovens have interlock switches that turn off the oven if the door is opened.
Most microwave ovens have enough power.
Most microwave ovens have power.
Some microwave ovens generate microwave radiation.
Some microwave ovens generate radiation.
Microwave popcorn is an excellent low-cal snack.
Microwave popcorn is another good alternative.
Microwave popcorn is sent free.
Microwave power is supplied through a gold plated arm.
Microwave radar is an instrument
Microwave radars require larger antennas and therefore are harder to focus or create beams.
Microwave radiation can also do a lot of damage to humans.
Microwave radiation can produce heat too.
Microwave radiation has considerable potential in sorption and decomposition of VOCs.
Microwave radiation is a form of radiation that is related to visible light, X-rays and gamma rays.
Microwave radiation is absorbed and emitted by the Earth's surface and atmosphere.
Microwave radiation is another region in the spectrum.
Microwave radiation is emitted by the Earth's surface and by water droplets within clouds.
Microwave radio is simpler, faster, more feasible and more flexible to implement than cable systems.
Microwave radio offers several advantages over cable-based transmission.
Microwave radio takes much less time to install than cable.
Microwave radiometers provide good coverage of water vapor over the oceans.
Microwave relays provide direct dialing countrywide.
Microwave relays provide direct dialling countrywide.
All microwave systems are line of sight.
Many microwave systems are capable of two-way audio and video transmission.
Microwave towers are simply another hazard to contend with during calamitous weather.
Microwave towers mark the summit.
Microwave transmission uses sound waves to transmit data communications signals.
Microwave transmissions move communications in a line of site fashion from tower to tower.
Microwave transmitters are also a problem.
Microwave transmitters are out too.
Microwave transmitters are transmitters.
A microwave is radiation
Microwave approaches in hydrology.
Microwave can be the short-term answer.
Microwave chips together.
Microwave cooking thermometers work quite well.
Microwave drying is a quick and easy method to dry small amounts of herbs.
Microwave drying is among the emerging alternatives to convection wood drying kilns.
Microwave is also easy to move if there is a change in a network.
Microwave is also the least expensive option for short distances.
Microwave is in use, but only to dry clothing.
Microwave is perfect for reheating.
Microwave isa commodity.
Microwave isa goods.
Microwave isa radiation.
Microwave keeps information, and technology, moving.
Microwave oven is placed at child-usable height with landing space nearby.
Microwave ovens Description of how microwave ovens work.
Microwave ovens heat foods unevenly and cause hot spots.
Microwave popcorn according to package directions.
Microwave popcorn on demand.
Microwave popcorn or popcorn kernels prepared in oil require supervision.
Microwave sintering allows complex shapes to be manufactured with savings in time and energy.
Microwave use only.
Microwave works well on low or defrost with a turn table being a definite advantage.
Microwaves are a form of electromagnetic energy, or radiation.
Microwaves are a form of electromagnetic radiation that is very similar to sunlight and radio waves.
Microwaves are a form of electromagnetic radiation.
Microwaves are a form of energy that travels at a high frequency in short wave lengths.
Microwaves are a form of magnetic and electrical energy moving through space.
Microwaves are a form of radiant energy.
Microwaves are a lot like light waves, except that they're a lot bigger.
Microwaves are a specific kind of light.
Microwaves are a type of electromagnetic energy like light waves.
Microwaves are actually an invisible form of light.
Microwaves are actually just radiowaves of higher frequencies.
Microwaves are also useful in studying magnetic materials.
Microwaves are among the most useful appliances in our kitchens.
Microwaves are appliances.
Microwaves are available for rental, call the park for price information.
Microwaves are available for the students to use in the lunchroom.
Microwaves are available in all of the TV lounges on each floor.
Microwaves are available in public kitchens.
Microwaves are available in suites and efficiencies.
Microwaves are available in the first floor vending area.
Microwaves are available in the kitchenettes in the residence halls.
Microwaves are available on a first come, first serve basis at no additional charge.
Microwaves are educational. .
Microwaves are electromagnetic energy and the heat food in microwave ovens every day.
Microwaves are electromagnetic radiation.
Microwaves are electromagnetic waves of the same class as radio and light.
Microwaves are energy waves which cause heating when absorbed into tissue, such as microwave ovens.
Microwaves are great for reheating bean dishes.
Microwaves are great.
Microwaves are high-frequency waves that travel through the air in order to transmit data.
Microwaves are ideal for producing puffed snack foods.
Microwaves are in the centimeter range.
Microwaves are in the kitchenettes or lounges of each house.
Microwaves are just part of the whole spectrum of electromagnetic energy.
Microwaves are kitchen appliances.
Microwaves are located in apartments.
Microwaves are located in kitchens.
Microwaves are low-energy waves that, like visible light, fall within the electromagnetic spectrum .
Microwaves are near the top of the frequency spectrum.
Microwaves are on sale at a local department store.
Microwaves are part of the shortwave region of the spectrum.
Microwaves are particularly effective in drying the inaccessible core areas.
Microwaves are quickest and most convenient but also the least accurate.
Microwaves are radio waves .
Microwaves are radio waves.
Microwaves are RF fields at high frequencies in the GHz range.
Microwaves are simply a source of heat energy just like gas and electricity.
Microwaves are strictly line of sight.
Microwaves are used for preparing food.
Microwaves are very short electro-magnetic waves.
Microwaves are victims in the cooking world.
Microwaves are waves.
Microwaves bedevil a B vitamin.
Microwaves bounce off metal.
Microwaves break down chemical bonds in an inert nitrogen atmosphere.
Microwaves can cook food in one-fourth or less the normal cooking time.
Microwaves can create heats pockets that can make the meal too hot for the child.
Microwaves can create hot spots in food that can cause burns in the baby's mouth.
Microwaves can heat a food unevenly and form hot spots.
Microwaves can heat a food unevenly, forming hot-spots.
Microwaves can rapidly penetrate and fix tissue.
Microwaves can see through clouds and at night.
Microwaves can seriously deplete foods of their nutrients.
Microwaves can superheat some spots leaving other spots cold even in liquids.
Microwaves cause cancer.
Microwaves cause heat.
Microwaves cause the water molecules in food to vibrate rapidly.
Microwaves cause the water molecules in food to vibrate very rapidly, which results in heating.
Microwaves cause the water molecules in food to vibrate, producing heat that cooks the food.
Microwaves cease to exist as soon as the power to the magnetron of a microwave oven is switched off.
Microwaves come in a variety of colors.
Microwaves come in all but the least expensive units, and even coffee makers.
Microwaves come in handy for re-heating food if there is one available.
Microwaves consume less energy than conventional ovens and give off less heat.
Microwaves cook by exciting water molecules to a boil.
Microwaves cook from the inside out.
Microwaves cook much faster at the edge of a dish than in the center.
Microwaves do nothing more to food than heat it.
Microwaves effect the central nervous system.
Microwaves effectively cook without overcooking the surface and help reduce cooking losses.
Microwaves enter a cavity from the left.
Microwaves enter through the floor of the oven cavity.
Microwaves fall into the radio frequency band of electromagnetic radiation.
Microwaves go mainstream.
Microwaves have (part) photons.
Microwaves have (part) sections.
Microwaves have a number of applications, such as microwave ovens, radar, and telecommunications.
Microwaves have designs.
Microwaves have higher energy, and x-rays and gamma rays have the highest.
Microwaves have just enough energy to make molecules spin and rotate like a top.
Microwaves have long wavelengths, and therefore, low temperatures.
Microwaves have longer wavelengths than light waves.
Microwaves have relatively long wavelengths and, as a result, little energy.
Microwaves heat unevenly.
Microwaves help nuke their early breakfasts, noon lunches, and five-o'clock dinners.
Microwaves hitting raindrops rebound back to the radar site.
Microwaves interact with human tissues primarily according to water content.
Microwaves open up the Blood Brain Barrier.
Microwaves operate on a logarithmic scale.
Microwaves pass easily through rain, smoke, and fog which block lightwaves.
Microwaves produce enough heat.
Microwaves produce heat.
Microwaves save more than time.
Microwaves seem, for numerous reasons, to be the best means for intergalactic communication.
Microwaves selectively heat with little direct heating of most solids.
Microwaves slow down as they travel through materials.
Microwaves supplement fryolators.
Microwaves tend to heat food evenly.
Microwaves undergo a reflection from a fine wire screen.
Microwaves use energy.
Microwaves use less electricity than conventional cooking because they cook faster at lower wattage.
Microwaves use less energy than conventional ovens.
Microwaves use non-ionizing radiation, meaning that food is largely left intact.
Microwaves vary in wattage.
Microwaves warm water.
Microwaves work by shooting tiny waves called microwaves through food.
Microwaves work great for drying small quantities of herbs in mere minutes.
Microwaves work just the opposite.
All microwave ovens leak some electrical radiation.
Every microwave uses hardware to protect the user against accidental exposure.
Many microwave ovens heat from the outside edge toward the middle.
Most microwaves built today have special defrosting settings.
Most microwaves cause heat.
Most microwaves do have an internal fuse.
Most microwaves have designs.
Most microwaves only penetrate a few centimetres into the food.
Most microwaves produce enough heat.
Most microwaves produce heat.
Most microwaves use energy.
Some microwave ovens use radiation.
Some microwaves have a little metal 'ceiling fan' in front of the microwave emitter.
Some microwaves have dishes.
Some microwaves have one-button controls for items such as beverage reheat or popcorn.
Some microwaves require input.
Microwaved bacon seems drier but is just as high in fat.
Microwaved eggs can delight.
Microwaved veggies are always fast and easy.
Microwavings are cooking.
Mictic females produce haploid eggs that develop into haploid males if unfertilized.
Micturition syncope occurs when a susceptible person empties an overfilled bladder.
Micturition involves the actions of both voluntary and involuntary muscles.
Micturition is a learned behavior.
Micturition is also difficult as reported by the women.
Micturition is complex requiring control from the cerebral cortex, spinal cord and plexuses.
Micturition is elimination.
Micturition is excretion
Micturition is remarkably slow, only a feeble stream because of the smallness of the urethra.
Micturition is the medical term for emptying the bladder.
Micturition is the physiologic term for emptying the bladder.
Micturition is the process of emptying the urinary bladder.
Most mid attacks are vertical attacks and thus easy to evade with lateral movements.
Mid boom moves the traveller forward to the middle of the boom along with the traveller.
Mid control is extremely powerful and allows for lot of control of the voicing of the tone.
Mid elevations seem to be the most productive for Ruffed grouse.
Mid fall brings lovely color in a variety of orange and red tones.
Mid fall is one of the favorite periods for almost all manufacturers.
Mid gunnels feature slotted drain holes to allow moisture to exit while in storage.
Mid life is a kind of traditional time for it to come.
Mid proles are constantly uncertain about their employment.
Mid summer can bring out the aphids in full force.
Mid term grades due.
Mid thigh is about right.
Mid tone goes gentle and touching, while high tone turns clear and bright.
Mid winter is the time of burning and dormancy.
Midair collisions list the number of people aboard and fatalities for both aircraft.
Midair collisions remain relatively rare.
MidAtlantic folks mean fussy, folks out on the prairies think foof's a cuss.
A midazolam is a benzodiazepine
Midazolam passes into breast milk.
Midday meals consist of bread.
Most midday meals consist of bread.
Some midday meals consist of soup.
Some midday meals consist of vegetable soup.
Midday snacks include fruit.
A midday is a hour
Midday isa cognition.
Midday isa knowledge.
Midday lighting in the tropics is very hard for the best of cameras to deal with.
Midday tends to be less expensive than evening.
Midday try deeper water with worms.
Middays are time of day.
Some middays are part of dates.
Some middays are part of days.
Some middays are part of eves.
Some middays are part of tomorrows.
Some middays are part of yesterdays.
A midden is a trash dump
Midden contains a wide variety of cultural material.
Middens are a combination garbage heap and toilet.
Middens are extremely fragile and contain important archaeological information.
Middens are normally dark in color, and include charcoal, ash, animal bones, and artifacts.
Middens are one of the most important parts of the site.
Middens are similar to backyard compost piles, but are much larger in size.
Middle adolescence is marked by the emergence of new thinking skills.
Middle adolescents are also increasingly able to place themselves in another's shoes.
Middle adulthood brings a decline in the functioning of the reproductive organs.
A middle age is a period
Middle age beats the alternative.
Middle age can be unkind to once cutting-edge performers.
Middle age covers a lot of ground.
Middle age is a turning point for sleep.
Middle age is an odd season, both traumatic and peaceful at the same time.
Middle age is difficult for everybody.
Middle age is just a state of mind or an attitude.
Middle age is signaled by larger belt size and muscles turned to pudding.
Middle age is supposed to be a time of stress for women only.
Middle age is the best time to learn cycling.
Middle age is the time of life when the mirror gets even.
Middle age is the time when narrow waist and broad mind change places.
Middle age is unsettling.
Middle age is when a narrow waist and a broad mind begin to change places.
Middle age is when a woman's hair begins to turn from gray to brown.
Middle age is when action creaks louder than words.
Middle age is when broadness of mind and narrowness of hips change places.
Middle age is when broadness of mind and narrowness of waist change places.
Middle age is when broadness of the mind and narrowness of the waist change places.
Middle age is when it takes longer to rest than to get tired.
Middle age is when mirror gets even.
Middle age is when the best exercise is discretion.
Middle age is when the narrow waist and broad mind begin to change places.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun - and fun a lot more work.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun - and fun is a lot more work.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun and fun a lot more work.
Middle age is when work is a lot less fun-and fun a is lot more work.
Middle age snuffs our more talent than ever wars or sudden deaths do.
Middle ages are part of adulthood.
Middle ages are part of history.
Some middle ages are part of adulthood.
Some middle ages are part of maturity.
Middle area tends to crap out a bit.
Middle base can be either cytosine or guanine.
Middle Beach has bream, flathead and tailor.
Middle Beach is popular with surfers.
Middle bedroom is great for guests or children with two large closets with mirrored doors.
Middle block tells outside hitter where to hit.
Middle breathing is a little harder to describe since the limits of variability are more indefinite.
Middle building is a wood frame garage.
Middle button is preprogrammed for left button functions only.
Middle button resets to zero.
Middle button restores last isovalue, typed in the IsoValue textbox.
Middle button Selects an object and makes it possible to copy it using the drag and drop operation.
Middle button shows back on all buttons.
Middle button shows the URL of the targetted anchor.
Any middle cabinet goes in first.
Middle center is the half way point between the top and bottom of text.
Middle children are good mediators and have superior cooperation skills.
Middle children are more sociable and harder to classify than the firstborns.
Middle children are the family diplomats, while the youngest often are the most innovative.
Middle children are usually, it is said, are mediators.
Middle children share the advantages of both the older siblings as well as the younger ones.
Middle childhood is a time of venturing into the new worlds of neighborhood and school.
Middle childhood is a time to bridge dependence with approaching independence.
Middle childhood is the stage of 'industry versus inferiority'.
A middle class is a class
Middle class can temper the extremism.
Middle class disappear.
Middle class encompasses families and households that are neither rich nor poor.
Middle class is here a euphemism for white America, just as 'welfare' is a code word for black.
Middle class means policy that is broad, encompassing, universal, and majoritarian.
Middle classes are classes.
Middle classes are people.
Middle classes represent a target market for home improvement centers and automobile parts stores.
Middle classes tend, by contrast, to sprawl and spawn ideas like democracy.
Middle clouds have many similarities to the cumuloform and stratiform high clouds.
Middle clouds have warmertops and appear in shades of gray.
Middle colonies read, ch.
Middle Creek ca.
Middle Creek offers other wildlife viewing opportunities.
Middle curve is from a simulation with increasing greenhouse gas and aerosol forcing.
Middle diction See diction.
Middle digit distinguishes courses according to geographical area, or time span covered.
A middle ear is a structure
Middle ear implants c.
Middle ears contain canals.
Middle ears contain semicircular canals.
Most middle ears contain canals.
Most middle ears contain semicircular canals.
Some middle ears have bones.
Some middle ears have tiny bones.
Middle Earth is also available to help.
Middle earth is an amazing place.
Middle East Am.
Middle East forms the major chunk of revenues in the forex market.
Middle East has different way of thinking.
Middle East highlights the heroic military engagements of all three conflicts.
Middle East Includes audio and video broadcasts.
Middle East is world's top arms buying area-report.
Middle East Look under Iraq for information on ancient Mesopotamia.
Middle East Select the country the city is in.
Middle employees get cautious.
Middle fibers are developed by pulling shoulder blades together .
Middle fibers are developed by pulling shoulder blades together.
Middle fielders check off with one another and confirm who has the tag at the base.
A middle finger is a finger
Middle finger goes over the stick parallel to the position of the thumb.
Middle fold is slightly visible.
Middle graders can often be very self-centered.
Middle graders hear a lot about alcohol.
Middle groups exist in a world full of diffusion and responsibility without authority.
Middle hitter starts in base hitting position with a ball.
Middle hitter starts thier slide approach, first in toward the setter and then out along the net.
Middle hitters find ball approach and hit ball.
Middle hooks provide extra hanging capabilities.
Middle hooks provide more storage for hats and accessories.
Middle image shows polarizing effect.
Middle initial is from official death record.
Middle initials are acceptable.
Middle initials can be fine and wonderful things.
Middle insert is solid, no radio cut-out available dur to diffrent radio sizes.
Middle Island is located in the northeast corner of Sitka Sound.
Middle Island is warrened with seabird burrows.
Middle kids tend to be the diplomats in the family and in life.
Middle Lake is too shallow and saline for fish.
Middle lane hoggers Another problem caused by lazy people on motorways.
Middle layer is circuit board layout.
Middle layer produces cortisol, a hormone that causes an increase in blood sugar.
Middle level add-on is also available.
Middle level has master suite with king bed and large private bath.
Middle linebacker is the toughest defensive position with the most responsibility.
Middle linebacker is too much for a rookie to handle.
Middle management can also be a problem.
Middle management forges business plans at some dailies.
Middle management includes managers below the rank of president but above the supervisory level.
Middle management includes VPs with specific line and staff responsibilities.
Middle management is a thankless job.
Middle management IS always the first to go.
Middle management is necessary to gather information, analyze it and pass it up to senior managers.
Middle management is often a stumbling block to process change.
Middle management is responsible for implementing the strategic decisions of senior management.
Middle management likes to dwell on how to cut costs or save on expenses.
Middle management meeting Middle managers call meetings to demonstrate their efficiency and energy.
Middle management spends equal time and energy in the five managerial functions.
Middle management stifles visionaries, who leave the company or give up their creative ambitions.
Middle management tends to have the idea that goofing off is a vice.
Middle management tends to lack decision-making authority.
Middle manager needs smaller percentage of technical skills, larger global views.
Middle managers act as coaches.
Middle managers are also casualties of corporate restructuring.
Middle managers are always the first to go.
Middle managers are currently the most vulnerable cohort of workers.
Middle managers are especially important to the success of the program.
Middle managers are no longer young.
Middle managers are responsible for smaller groupings or divisions within the organization.
Middle managers are the chemistry teachers of working life.
Middle managers bridge the gap, bringing leadership and a broad perspective.
Middle managers bring a variety of needs to the table.
Middle managers continue to be a favorite target for cuts.
Middle managers enjoy a large degree of freedom in running their projects.
Middle managers focus on tactical plans and coordinate between the other two levels of management.
Middle managers have a less broad view and often translate information into one-year time frames.
Middle managers have ISDN lines and computers at home.
Middle managers have titles such as sales manager, branch manager, or department head.
Middle managers have to figure out a way to manage upward so they can shape what's going on.
Middle managers lose their jobs too when the plant closes.
Middle managers support our efforts.
Middle managers think juniors are twerps, and senior managers are gasbags.
Middle managers trust employees who can assume responsibility and succeed at their tasks.
Middle mat is gray and the inner mat is gold.
Middle measurement is the maximum projection for light doors.
Middle meats are more unsettled.
Middle meats are readily available.
Middle meats are ready available.
Middle metatarsal narrows to a splint.
Middle mouse clicking on the status bar inserts the current date.
Middle Mouse Moves up, down, left, and right.
Middle mouse pops up the pixel info window.
A middle name is a name
Middle name is helpful.
Middle name is optional.
Middle names are names.
Middle names come from the day of the week, and then it is combined with the family name.
Some middle names indicate the sex of the person, eg.
Middle notes comprise the majority of the blend.
Middle notes stabilize the blend and last longer than the high notes.
Middle notes tie the top and bottom notes together adding both depth and complexity.
Middle pair is used to detect the start light.
Middle panel describes how to display the flag.
Middle panel is gathered on both sides and includes a sheer metallic gauze over red cotton.
Middle panel shows space filling model with backbone ribbon.
Middle Park has a lot of nice qualities there now.
Middle Park is a centralized location.
Middle Park is close to a lot of the skaters' homes, to places to eat, and to restrooms.
Some middle passage refers to voyages.
Middle person faces one place to the right and starts dance again on the other line.
Middle photo leads to Table of Contents .
Middle place is for slow movements very important, that's why an archangel can be anywhere situated.
Middle player stops at free-throw line to make first pass.
Middle pocket is a long vertical pocket.
Middle poles are on the ground.
Middle portion look for warm layer or unsaturated layer.
Middle punches are at shoulder level instead of solar plexus.
Middle rack has electronic equipment and cabling to second floor, right rack covers third floor.
Middle relief is a major weakness.
Middle relief is good, but there are major questions at the closer spot.
Middle relief is the most underrated commodity.
Middle relievers tend to pick up slop wins eat up innings.
Middle right are aboringines with arrow lances.
Middle room has view of nothing.
Middle row are popular recessed downlights that eliminate glare in mini, square and conical baffles.
Middle school counselors work with school staff.
Middle school counselors work with staff.
Middle school students experience energy.
Middle school students to develop skills.
A middle school is a school
Middle school are little children in big bodies so they still like treats.
Middle school has a more varied curriculum, but class sizes are much larger.
Middle school has a way of mixing up old loyalties.
Middle school has so much to offer.
Middle school includes grades six through eight.
Middle school is a big transition.
Middle school is a challenge.
Middle school is a critical point at which students make decisions about their academic directions.
Middle school is a good time to start previewing the role math plays in job success.
Middle school is a joke.
Middle school is a key time to engage students in science, especially girls.
Middle school is a philosophy that defines an approach and an organizational pattern.
Middle school is a time of change and transition.
Middle school is a time of change.
Middle school is a time of great change.
Middle school is a time of transition.
Middle school is a unique time in each student's life.
Middle school is a very stressful time in a child s life because of many factors.
Middle school is about growing up.
Middle school is an exciting and challenging time in the lives of children.
Middle school is an exciting and yet difficult time for students.
Middle school is an exciting time of change and opportunity.
Middle school is an important educational crossroads.
Middle school is composed of eighth and ninth grades with students aged twelve through fourteen.
Middle school is difficult enough for kids with normal backgrounds.
Middle school is especially prone to safety issues which school uniforms can address.
Middle school is kind of weird like that.
Middle school is nothing like that.
Middle school is on the left.
Middle school is on the right.
Middle school is organized differently from elementary school.
Middle school is over and it is time to buckle down.
Middle school is such a unique age level to teach.
Middle school is the best time for young people to start discovering their leadership potential.
Middle school is the last chance.
Middle school is the perfect time to intervene.
Middle school is the time parents cease to be the center of kids' lives.
Middle school is very different from elementary school.
Middle school is where the drop-off begins.
Middle school is, from what the parents of boys can tell, a single-sex education.
Middle school means more friends, more teachers, and more subjects and activities.
Middle school needs to be a key starting point.
Middle school presents a span of years when parents often seem to lose touch with their children.
Middle school provides a flexible, but disciplined learning environment for the students.
Middle school seems almost bearable.
Middle school seems to be the poor stepchild in the development process.
Middle schools affirm the dignity of each individual and promote equity and justice.
Middle schools are a major concern.
Middle schools are a recent development in Long Beach and are part of a national trend.
Middle schools are academies.
Middle schools are huge, anonymous institutions.
Middle schools are more likely to practice between-class grouping.
Middle schools have a principal, an assistant principal, an instructional consultant and counselors.
Middle schools have even less parent involvement.
Middle schools have two labs for general student use.
Middle schools keep a fairly common practice of holding mock elections for the president.
Middle schools offer a similar, though more limited, curriculum to that of the senior high schools.
Middle schools offer basic classes as well as honors programs.
Middle schools offer basketball and cheerleading.
Middle schools offer both core and departmentalized scheduling.
Middle schools participate in the program with secondary schools.
Middle schools provide a gradual transition to departmentalized teaching.
Middle schools receive more per student than do elementary schools.
Middle schools serve grades six, seven, and eight.
Middle schools use their own computer labs with program-provided software.
All middle schools employ the teaming concept that build small communities for learning.
All middle schools have classes for eligible gifted children.
All middle schools offer a gifted program for eligible students at all grade levels.
All middle schools participate in the program.
Every middle school has one contemporary computer lab.
Many middle schools are a variation on the junior high school or high school model.
Many middle schools have after-school programs for students.
Many middle schools have at least four Internet-connected computer clusters in classrooms.
Many middle schools offer algebra, but only a handful offer more.
Many middle schools require a science project as part of the curriculum.
Most Middle schools believe in teams of teachers who can be more attuned to individual students.
Most middle schools have one librarian, who orders hundreds of books each year.
Most middle schools require uniforms for their students.
Some middle schools offer conversions.
Middle seats are captain's chairs.
Middle seats provide larger under seat storage on some of the aircraft's.
Middle section is quiet.
Middle section is returned - blades are removed and the girl is safely restored.
Middle section is wood decorated in leather or vinyl designed to closely match steer horn hues.
Middle settings provide a traditional fuzz voicing.
Middle shelf is reversible for build in wine storage.
Middle shelf is reversible for built in wine storage.
Middle shelf is useful for displaying books or collectibles.
Middle stages remove fine particles, and the final stage passes clean air to the engine.
Middle tiers can emit XML to clients.
Middle trays collect components such as light heating oil and diesel fuel.
Middle values are half way between a tint and a shade.
Middle verse is chap.
Middle view depicts linkage between convective updrafts and the mountain-valley solenoid.
Middle volumes are always a problem.
Middle Web contains middle level educational resources for parents and teachers.
Middle Web explores middle school reform and provides resources for educators and parents.
Middle wests are part of America.
Most middle wests are part of America.
Middle wing includes exploratory cartographer's residence.
A middle is an area
Middle isa location.
Middles also can give away the set that they are going to hit early through their footwork.
Middles toss to each other.
Some middles have breakdowns.
A middleman is a distributor
Middlemans are people.
Middlemen add to the expenses of buyers without providing a benefit to sellers.
Middlemen are subject to a lot of hostility, much of it unwarranted.
Middlemen create value by arranging trades and providing information to buyers and sellers.
Middlemen exist to promote the value of trade and hence increase the amount of value created.
Middlemen increase transaction costs and thereby reduce the potential gains derived from trade.
Middlemen make some money.
Middlemen offer a lower cost to a better-informed investor.
Middlemen pay a tempting poachers fee to poor local ranchers who capture the birds.
Middlemen still add a lot of value, especially in a post-sale environment.
Middlemen therefore take the biggest share of the consumer milk price.
Middlemen thrive of disinformation, misinformation and lack of information.
Middlemen trawl the countryside looking for pregnant women.
Middlemen whisper into cell phones for bidding instructions from clients.
Every middleman marks up an item before reselling it to the next person down the line.
Many middlemen use a standard percentage applied to all the products they handle.
Some middlemen are at risk.
Some middlemen find ways to use technology to bring value to manufacturer, consumer.
Middleware architectures are crucial for the support of distributed computing models.
Middleware control is critical .
Middleware pricing has to always be offset against the cost of developing the systems in-house.
Middleware product architectures greatly influence application architectures.
Middleware products can also help with buffering output from the server.
Middleware products compete, complement and coexist in overlapping layers from the network up.
Middleware purchases are strategic and long-term, and also extremely costly.
Middleware selection is important for a number of reasons.
Middleware specialist targets mid-range and mainframe systems.
Middleware tools promise some relief, but alone they do only part of the job.
A middy is a blouse
Middies spend a day on Skull Island doing a variety of activities.
Mideast violence carries a heavy economic as well as human cost .
Midepidermal necrosis is evident.
A midfield is a center
Midfield are agricultural terraces, probably for the typical resident.
Midfield is still unimpressive.
Midfield is strong, capable of supporting both attack and defense.
Midfield is usually the ideal place, unless rspeeds are too high, then one of the bases is fine.
Midfield remains the strength of the Michigan team.
Midfields are centers.
Midfields are part of playing fields.
All Midgardian guilds can register to be added to the database.
Midge damage is more apparent.
Midge damage is very diagnostic.
Midge damage occurs to the developing seed in the grain heads.
Midge Lake is a recreational development lake.
A midge is a gnat
Midge isa insect.
Midges also cause severe damage to vegetative growth.
Midges also differ from mosquitoes in that they have a much shorter snout known as the proboscis.
Midges appear throughout the year in rivers.
Midges are a group of insects that include many kinds of small flies .
Midges are a large group of insects that resemble the mosquito.
Midges are a mainstay, offering challenging fishing with good activity most of the year.
Midges are also fairly common.
Midges are always in the water.
Midges are an important food source for fish and predatory aquatic insects.
Midges are approximately a half-inch in length and light green to brown in color.
Midges are attracted to light.
Midges are flies.
Midges are gnats.
Midges are important especially to smaller streams with less mayfly activity.
Midges are most important during their emergence, when fish rise to pupae and crippled adults.
Midges are nighttime fliers, usually appearing just after the sun disappears behind the horizon.
Midges are non-biting flies that resemble mosquitoes in size and general appearance.
Midges are out.
Midges are probably the cheeseburger of the trout's diet.
Midges are small and hatches are prolific.
Midges are the most common group of insects in rice fields.
Midges are the ultimate stealth warriors.
Midges are tiny - the size of a pin head or smaller.
Midges are two-winged flies that come in a variety of sizes and colors.
Midges are very tolerant to pollution.
Midges can also produce exciting action when the fish are rising.
Midges can be a problem at all forest campsites.
Midges can be a problem.
Midges can be either a concern or a target.
Midges can find any hole or opening, use midge netting to protect tent openings.
Midges can have an impaction the economy of areas where they are common.
Midges continue to provide afternoon surface action.
Midges develop from bloodworm lava stages to pupa and then adult.
Midges emerge from pupas.
Midges feed on dead vegetable matter in the pond.
Midges fly in great swarms for the purpose of mating.
Midges go through complete metamorphosis.
Midges go through metamorphosis.
Midges hatch nearly every day.
Midges have (part) air sacs.
Midges have (part) brains.
Midges have (part) carapaces.
Midges have (part) cell membranes.
Midges have (part) cells.
Midges have (part) corpi.
Midges have (part) cytoplasm.
Midges have (part) ears.
Midges have (part) faces.
Midges have (part) flight feathers.
Midges have (part) heads.
Midges have (part) nuclei.
Midges have (part) plasma membranes.
Midges have (part) quill feathers.
Midges have (part) sections.
Midges have (part) shells.
Midges have (part) skulls.
Midges have (part) thoraxes.
Midges have (part) vacuoles.
Midges have stages.
Midges have the unique feature of having hemoglobin in their blood.
Midges infest wheat.
Midges live in regions indicated in black.
Midges prefer areas of high humidity such as damp pastures or edges of ponds.
Midges resemble mosquitoes.
Midges start life as an egg that hatches as a larva.
Midges struggling to get out of their shucks make easy targets for surface-feeding trout.
Midges typically pupate in the same habitats where the larvae develop.
Midges undergo complete metamorphosis like a butterfly.
Most midges emerge from pupas.
Most midges go through complete metamorphosis.
Most midges go through metamorphosis.
Most midges have stages.
Most midges like to stay indoors during the winter months.
Most midges resemble mosquitoes.
Some midges are more pollution sensitive and are found within upper reaches.
Some midges begin life.
Some midges carry viruses.
Some midges drink water.
Some midges eat aphids.
Some midges feed on berries.
Some midges feed on juniper.
Some midges feed on western juniper.
Some midges have compound eyes.
Some midges have eyes.
Some midges have legs.
Some midges have proboscises.
Some midges have senses.
Some midges have short proboscises.
Some midges have visitors.
Some midges have wings.
Some midges look like mosquitoes.
Some midges range in size.
A midget is a person
Midgets are a vanishing tribe.
Midgets are capable of steal.
Midgets are cool though.
Midgets are funny, especially flaming midgets.
Midgets are hysterically funny.
Midgets are ideal for defensive positions, too.
Midgets are just normal people whose height is stunted.
Midgets are kind of funny.
Midgets are kleptomaniacs and are able to outrun a full grown man who is in top physical condition.
Midgets are located in pornography.
Midgets are so afraid of robots.
Midgets are so hard to find, they hide in the littlest places.
Midgets are so weird looking.
Midgets develop quickly and degenerate quickly too.
Midgets have really large children.
Midgets like to hide under tables and smash people's toes.
Midgets make everything funnier.
Midgets never learn.
Midi files are sound files.
All midi files are asis.
All midi files are original and professionaly created.
Any midi file produces no sound by itself.
Midi implementation is good for automating parameters and stuff.
MIDI file About dance sources and tune formats on the Web.
MIDI file by an unknown arranger.
MIDI interface capable.
MIDI merge function.
MIDI preset numbers are integers starting from zero.
MIDI shareware and sounds download.
MIDI streaming on the Internet is a feature unique to Crescendo players.
MIDIs are okay, though.
MIDIs are unique music files because they sound good while taking up little space on the computer.
All midis are now availble for download, go to the jukebox and download from each album page.
All midis are original and used with the composers' permission.
MIDL output is platform specific.
Midland County is similar to Bay and Saginaw counties in that they are all manufacturing centers.
Midland schools use facilities for astronomy classes during school year.
Midland Valley are the world leaders in structural geology.
Midland Valley invests significant resource in research and development.
Midland weather radios use digital technology.
Midland weather radios use technology.
A midland is an interior
Midland actively recruits college students to fill positions throughout our company.
Midland also offers an equestrian program featuring Western and English riding and horse husbandry.
Midland claims the city is responsible for the repair of docks and other facilities.
Midland emphasizes quality, personal attention and student involvement in learning.
Midland enjoys first class air access to key markets across North America and around the world.
Midland goes beyond establishing new standards of housing value.
Midland has a different gas from Chicago.
Midland has an established program for offering courses via compressed video.
Midland has many parks and recreational facilities, and it is a good city for bicycle travel.
Midland has plenty to offer and it is a great place to call home.
Midland is a community of students, faculty and staff dedicated to personal and academic excellence.
Midland is a natural location for sporting events.
Midland is an interesting company run out of a totally disorganized storefront.
Midland is an oil town and when the business was down, a lot of families got hit with layoffs.
Midland is an oil town, and has been hard hit by the recent low fuel prices.
Midland is an ugly, dusty town, but it was never meant for tourists.
Midland is approved as a master and special servicer by all four major credit rating agencies.
Midland is approximately two hours north of Toronto on beautiful Georgian Bay.
Midland is in the Permian Basin in Texas with a contiguous city named Odessa.
Midland is on the verge of immense growth over the next decade.
Midland provides great family entertainment with a weekend of great art, food and live music.
Midland recognizes critical thinking as the highest level of thinking.
Midland reserves the right to modify vendor criteria at any time without notice.
Midland specializes in mass spectrometry of oligonucleotides.
Midland straddles two major highways, both of which are fast becoming major thoroughfares.
Midlands are insides.
Midlands are part of countries.
Midlevel flow is very moist, but the lower desert is quite dry.
Midlevel managers lead seminars on development standards, practices or emerging technologies.
Midlife evaluation is a concentrating on the present.
Midlife maturity tends to eliminate the trite and petty from our experience.
Midlife parenthood has so many rewards that people feel the benefits outweigh the risks.
Midlife pregnancy is tricky.
A midline is a plane
Midlines are older titles whose sales have dropped off.
Midlist books are often mainstream books, as opposed to books that neatly fit into genres.
All Midlothian joinery is mortise and tenon, with double-dowel pinning.
Midnight hour encores.
Midnight madness is a tradition with many college basketball programs.
Midnight madness is an event to signify the official start of the college basketball season.
Midnight madness is over, and the college basketball season has just begun.
Midnight pool shows - definitely adult only.
Midnight shows are also a feature at some of the cinemas in the bigger cities.
Midnight snacks are for the asking.
Midnight stars sparkle in the snow at our feet.
Midnight sun is a physical phenomenon
Midnight sun is a state of mind.
A midnight is a hour
Midnight belong down either lion either contact sable.
Midnight cover Soul by sweat along lots badminton nets because hate in whatever science.
Midnight draws nigh.
Midnight dreams waltzes.
Midnight get up off the floor.
Midnight happens more than once in a monster movie.
Midnight has a conscience.
Midnight has a new loving home.
Midnight has a particular importance in human imagination and culture.
Midnight has a rather awkward history , but things have ended up alright in the end.
Midnight has a Scriptural meaning.
Midnight here is noon there.
Midnight is a biter.
Midnight is a coal black colt with a huge star and snip.
Midnight is a contemporary ballet with three lead dancers and a corps of ten dancers.
Midnight is a dark navy.
Midnight is a manx cat.
Midnight is a midi player with karaoke capabilities.
Midnight is a results driven consultancy.
Midnight is a simulated neon sign face, intended for light on dark display.
Midnight is a somewhat insecure but very handsome little guy.
Midnight is a symbol of the end of the era.
Midnight is a transitional, imaginary moment in time, neither here nor there.
Midnight is a very loving dog who likes to play.
Midnight is a weekly radio program featuring readings of classic and contemporary poetry.
Midnight is about to strike.
Midnight is affectionate and likes to talk.
Midnight is also midday.
Midnight is an extremely sweet little girl who gets along fine with dogs and kids of any age.
Midnight is close.
Midnight is deadline for immigrants to apply for visas.
Midnight is defined as twelve hours after noon.
Midnight is good with children.
Midnight is infused with a relaxed and unpretentious mood.
Midnight is our cat.
Midnight is published in print and electronic formats.
Midnight is still daylight.
Midnight is such a sweet boy.
Midnight is synonymous with munchie time.
Midnight is the climax for divination, witchcraft, trickery, sacrifices and sorcery.
Midnight is the dog next door.
Midnight is the hour of slumber and silence when an outcry is always startling and unexpected.
Midnight is the latest time a lab is currently open.
Midnight is the time when the date changes. .
Midnight is the witching hour.
Midnight is too early to go to bed.
Midnight is very sweet, intelligent, and passive.
Midnight is where the day begins.
Midnight isa cognition.
Midnight isa knowledge.
Midnight likes to catch mice.
Midnight loves to be held and gives soft little kisses.
Midnight marks the beginning and ending of each day in civil time throughout the world.
Midnight mean despite a water purifier filter.
Midnight never ends.
Midnight obeys every command except one.
Midnight passes and with it the last gasp from all assembled.
Midnight recognize under an happiness however stored fha.
Midnight request for one seventy likewise sit pikachu.
Midnight return from shrine and overnight stay at hotel.
Midnight rolls around and everything seems fine.
Midnight run in Central Park.
Midnight sevens is just what it sounds like.
Midnight supplies plenty of examples to debate.
Midnight tells the traveling cats to go through the mountains.
Midnight then hits Australia, Asia, Europe and eventually the United States.
Midnight thunderstorms out west with sex come to mind with our touch.
Midnight walk on the beach with the sea breeze and stars, and a delicious breakfast in the morning.
Midnight Welcome to our cafe of small press zines.
Midnight works well for most people on most occasions.
Midnights are for all soap and toiletry projects.
Midnights are hours.
Midnights are part of nights.
Midnights follow friday noons.
Midnights follow noons.
Midnight always brings the worst of the boys.
Midnight usually belongs to the mail and freight haulers in the flying world.
More midnight dreams.
Most midnights follow friday noons.
Most midnights follow noons.
Some midnights are part of dates.
Some midnights are part of days.
Some midnights are part of eves.
Some midnights are part of nights.
Some midnights are part of nighttime.
Some midnights are part of tomorrows.
Some midnights are part of yesterdays.
Midpoint rule is equivalent to a trapezoid whose top is tangent to the curve at the midpoint.
A midpoint is a point
MidPoint allows a site administrator to limit Internet access to only the users that they specify.
MidPoint connects all networked users via a single shared connection to the Internet.
Midpoint rooting is also available.
Midpoints represent the university's desired competitive position relative to the external market.
Midpriced machines offer plastic tubs, which several manufacturers warranty for life.
Midrange coloration can be astonishingly low, even in budget- priced speakers.
Midrange drivers are used in multi-way speakers with three or more driver sizes.
Midrange drivers reproduce the sound in the middle of the audible frequency spectrum.
Midrange drivers specialize in producing midrange frequencies.
Midrange engines require SG classification due to sliding cam followers.
Midrange hotels are usually clean, well-equipped, and comfortable.
Midrange instrumentation is located on the Hawaiian Islands.
Midrange power is outstanding.
Midrange power is very good, and useable, and there's an afterburner-like rush up near redline.
Midrange servers combine mainframe-style capabilities with other enhancements.
Midrange technologies offer systems that typically operate on dedicated communication links.
Midrange textures become more liquid and balanced.
Midrange torque is enhanced providing a greater acceleration with a stronger top end power delivery.
Midrange units are significantly less expensive as well.
Many midrange vendors offer both.
A midriff is an area
Midriffs are to be covered at all times.
Midshipman behavior can make or break a port visit or race series.
A midshipman is a plebe
Midshipmans are cadets.
Midshipmen also learn techniques for rapid assessment and triage of psychiatric crises.
Midshipmen also learn the basics of human and group behavior.
Midshipmen also plan and participate in theatrical events, concerts and dinners.
Midshipmen are able to borrow tapes and equipment overnight.
Midshipmen are adults and they have a right to privacy.
Midshipmen are as common as wharf rats.
Midshipmen are by definition officers in training.
Midshipmen are men and women of exceptional character and are generally aware of required standards.
Midshipmen are responsible for all class material regardless of absence.
Midshipmen are responsible for all work missed during their absence.
Midshipmen are responsible for submitting completed forms on time and in a neat, legible manner.
Midshipmen are to be prepared for daily announced and unannounced quizzes in class.
Midshipmen are to be prepared for daily announced and unannounced quizzes.
Midshipmen are young adults full of energy and spark.
Midshipmen assume the duties of enlisted personnel regularly assigned to the ship.
Midshipmen belong to a class of fish in which males can practice different reproductive strategies.
Midshipmen can retrieve their voice mail messages from telephones anywhere in the world.
Midshipmen concerned have the right to appear before such boards.
Midshipmen have a strong record of achievement in all aspects of campus life.
Midshipmen have an opportunity to tour a Naval Aviation Base.
Midshipmen help out with a number of individual tasks over the two days of competition.
Midshipmen learn proper procedures for a two-man hose team.
Midshipmen request maintenance service using e-mail.
Midshipmen seem very reluctant to question anything.
Midshipmen still view the world as black and white.
Midshipmen submit their choices in a precommissioning package.
Midshipmen work within the same division as their running mate for the four-week period.
Midshipmen usually don t have time for out of the box thinking.
All midshipmen are welcome to participate though, regardless of their choice in warfare specialty.
All midshipmen are welcome.
All midshipmen learn to sail during their first summer at the academy.
All midshipmen participate in the competition, which makes it a true team effort.
All midshipmen receive instruction in the Laboratory during the course of their studies.
All midshipmen take two terms of Calculus.
Every midshipman is responsible for knowing and following the policies of the battalion.
Most midshipmen see it as a positive thing.
Midsize firms are the most likely to outsource.
A midsummer is a solstice
Midsummer soil moisture deficiencies frequently occur on well drained sites.
Midtec principals have total confidence that our territory is well looked after.
Midtec salespeople are among the most professional and experienced in the industry.
A midterm exam is a test
Midterm exam covers successive units.
Midterm exam covers up to midterm.
Midterm exam is focused on foundations and nomenclature in addition to concepts.
Midterm exams are a combination of multiple choice, matching, and short essay questions.
Midterm exams are at the discretion of the instructor.
Midterm exams can also show how well a teacher is doing in teaching their class .
Midterm exams can also show how well a teacher is doing in teaching their class.
Midterm exams cause stress.
Midterm exams cover successive units.
A midterm examination is a test
Midterm examinations are due.
Midterm grade is the raw average of all examinations at midterm.
Midterm grades are available on-line following the usual method .
Midterm grades are informational only.
Midterm information is updated.
Midterm paper can be an expansion and revision of the practice paper.
Midterm solution is posted.
Midterm solutions are available in the Handout Hangout.
Midterm solutions are now available.
A midterm is a test
Midterms are due one week after they are passed out.
Midterms are exams.
Midterms are finally over.
Midterms are limited to linear presentations, without interactivity.
Midterms are next week.
Midterms are non-comprehensive.
Midterms are over and it's registration time.
Midterms are part of gestation.
Midterms are part of terms.
Midterms are points.
Midterms are unproctored .
Midterms consist of multiple choice, short answer, and essay questions.
Midterms last roughly one hour and fifty minutes.
All midterms are open-book.
Most midtown areas are pretty safe.
Midtown firm seeks diamond sorter experienced in smaller stones.
Midtown location offers convenience to all of Tucson.
Midtown neighborhoods hold particular appeal for Atlanta's gay community.
Midtown residents can walk to restaurants, galleries and museums.
Many midtown stores carry specialty items.
Midtrip adjustments are often necessary, too.
A midvein is vascular tissue
Midvein whitish at blade base.
Midveins are prominent and covered in hairs.
Midway City is neither midway nor a city.
Midway Island is bombarded by two Japanese destroyers.
Midway space is available for companies to promote themselves, products and recruit applicants.
A midway is a tract
Midway has a giant free catalog of all kinds of shooting and reloading supplies.
Midway has a very attractive institutional scholarship program.
Midway has also a special Welcome to Midway site.
Midway has one of the best on-time arrival records in the industry.
Midway is a community town, where townsfolk take an active interest in their community.
Midway is a nice place to spend a vacation with the birds and other wildlife around.
Midway is a place to take old friends who've moved away.
Midway is a small airport on the west side.
Midway is a video game company famous for their mortal kombat series.
Midway is an interesting mix of public and private organizations working together.
Midway is home to two of the largest thermal features in Yellowstone.
Midway is juniper woodland with coyotes, deer, bighorn sheep, beaver, wood rats and porcupine.
Midway is more convenient to downtown than O Hare but is served by fewer airlines.
Midway is near Georgia's Atlantic seacoast.
Midway is still the same.
Midways are located in carnivals.
Midways are located in fairs.
Midways are part of carnivals.
Midways are tracts.
Midweight fabric offers a supportive stretch.
Midwest Chapter See Chapter web site for complete information.
All midwest rainbows are steelhead.
Midwestern farmers deserve an equal playing field.
Midwestern farmers have hundreds, or thousands, of acres.
Midwestern farmers spread fertilizer and lime later in the week after temperatures rose.
Midwestern kids are fortunate to have many fine museums to visit.
Some Midwestern legislation is presented as well.
Midwestern publishers are well represented.
Midwestern racks are weak, staying low to compete with the large influx of Canadian product.
Midwestern rappers are distinctive for their mode of speaking.
Midwestern states say the claims of wind-blown pollution are exaggerated.
Midwestern states use ethanol, made from corn, as their oxygenate.
Midwestern towns eat at the prairie.
Midwestern values shine through.
Midwestern weather is violent.
Midwestern women work, community, and leadership at the crossroads .
Midwife listing is free .
Midwife listing is free.
Midwife toads are unique in their reproduction.
Some midwife toads feed on beetles.
A midwife is a nurse
Midwife includes certified nurse midwives and midwives.
Midwife isa nurse.
Midwife means being with a woman.
Midwife means with woman.
Midwife Provides home birth and birth center midwifery care to Seattle clients.
Midwifes are nurses.
Midwifes assist families.
Midwifes assist women.
Midwifes generally offer more personal care than a doctor.
Midwifes have (part) adult bodies.
Midwifes have (part) arms.
Midwifes have (part) body substances.
Midwifes have (part) cell membranes.
Midwifes have (part) cells.
Midwifes have (part) corpi.
Midwifes have (part) cytoplasm.
Midwifes have (part) heads.
Midwifes have (part) legs.
Midwifes have (part) necks.
Midwifes have (part) nuclei.
Midwifes have (part) personality.
Midwifes have (part) plasma membranes.
Midwifes have (part) sections.
Midwifes have (part) vacuoles.
Midwifes have skills.
Midwifes observe patients.
Midwifes perform certain duties.
Midwifes perform duties.
Midwifes present accurate information.
Midwifes present information.
Midwifes provide care.
Midwifes supervise care.
Midwifes to provide care.
Midwifes to provide comprehensive care.
Midwifes to provide comprehensive prenatal care.
Midwifes to provide prenatal care.
Midwifes treat pregnant women.
Midwifes treat women.
Midwifes work in centers.
Midwives also care for newborns.
Midwives also offer contraception, gynecological services and menopausal care to women.
Midwives also provide comprehensive healthcare for women.
Midwives also use fewer surgical procedures and medication during labor and delivery.
Midwives are a vital component in quality health care.
Midwives are able to offer support to the woman during labor.
Midwives are also welcome to attend.
Midwives are also well versed in alternative remedies to common aliments and complaints.
Midwives are at all times responsible for the women they are caring for.
Midwives are confident in a woman's ability to successfully complete the birthing process.
Midwives are experts in normal childbirth.
Midwives are highly trained specialists in the care of normal pregnancy and birth.
Midwives are independent but good team members.
Midwives are independent specialists in physiologic birth.
Midwives are more low-tech and prefer the less intrusive fetoscope.
Midwives are no happier than mothers with the system.
Midwives are non-interventionists.
Midwives are now a mainstream option for prenatal care, delivery and follow-up.
Midwives are nurse practitioners, which are nurses with advanced degrees and specialized training.
Midwives are often more concerned with restricting the use of episiotomies during normal births.
Midwives are on call to attend deliveries which can happen at any hour, any day.
Midwives are practitioners in their own right in the United Kingdom .
Midwives are responsible to provide professional nursing care to all assigned patients.
Midwives are skilled specialists in normal birth, but are trained to recognize possible problems.
Midwives are specialists in the care of healthy women and normal childbirth.
Midwives are supportive guardians of the normal birth.
Midwives are the guardians of normal birth.
Midwives are the most common birth attendant in the world.
Midwives are the only professionals concerned solely with maternity care.
Midwives are the safest health professional to assist normal women.
Midwives are the specialists in normal maternity care.
Midwives are the traditional care providers for mothers and infants.
Midwives are the true guardians of normal birth.
Midwives are trained to spot and mitigate problems and complications in the pregnancy and birth.
Midwives are under attack in many different countries.
Midwives are women with specific training in childbirth.
Midwives are women's health care providers with advanced educations.
Midwives assist in birth and offer basic gynecology services.
Midwives attend most of the births in the Netherlands.
Midwives begin their work with patients at any of the district's health clinics.
Midwives believe in facilitating a natural childbirth as much as possible.
Midwives believe that our care can enhance the experience of pregnancy and birth for women.
Midwives can also be guilty of interfering with a husband's authority over the birth.
Midwives can be a pretty positive thing if used in the right circumstances.
Midwives can help women have a more natural childbirth experience.
Midwives can spend more time with patients and provide very personalized care.
Midwives care for mothers and babies during pregnancy, in labour and after birth.
Midwives come in several varieties.
Midwives consider themselves to be the experts in normal childbirth.
Midwives deliver healthy babies with fewer interventions.
Midwives deliver postabortion care services in Ghana.
Midwives encourage women and their families to take an active part in their own health care.
Midwives focus on enhancing health and providing support through a normal, physiological process.
Midwives focus on preventive care and the appropriate use of technology.
Midwives focus on wellness and consumer choice.
Midwives focus on woman-centered care.
Midwives focus on working with the woman to reduce the risk for complications during childbirth.
Midwives generally remain with women in labor rather than staying in touch with staff by phone.
Midwives give their hearts and time to their families and clients.
Midwives give themselves fully to the miraculous being developing within a woman s womb.
Midwives handle low-risk deliveries of mothers with no serious medical problems.
Midwives have a defined sphere of practice for which they are accountable.
Midwives have a less elevated status than hitherto.
Midwives have a lot to offer in any birth setting.
Midwives have a tradition of caring for underserved populations including women with disabilities.
Midwives have a variety of supports that do just that.
Midwives have collaborative relationships with physicians.
Midwives have the goal of keeping the perineum intact whenever possible.
Midwives help women have faith in their bodies and trust their abilities.
Midwives know a baby comes when it's ready rather than on a scheduled date.
Midwives know birth as a normal, natural function of a woman's body.
Midwives know life is a miracle and act accordingly.
Midwives lower the risk of Cesarean section and episiotomy.
Midwives maintain working relationships with physicians in case of emergencies or complications.
Midwives offer care for pregnant women birthing at home, birth centers or in hospitals.
Midwives offer more personal attention than that of doctors.
Midwives offer on-going support to mothers, babies and families.
Midwives offer the time, personalized care, and attention all women deserve.
Midwives officiate unless there are complications.
Midwives place a special emphasis on patient education and counseling.
Midwives practice as part of a health care team.
Midwives practice in hospitals, birthing centers and in the home.
Midwives prefer homeopathic methods.
Midwives provide a full range of services including prenatal care.
Midwives provide a wonderful option.
Midwives provide care in both the hospital and home setting.
Midwives provide health care education and emotional and social support.
Midwives provide intrapartum care for women considered to be 'at low obstetric risk'.
Midwives provide prenatal care in most countries.
Midwives provide primary care to women throughout the life cycle.
Midwives provide primary health care and are similar to general practitioners or family physicians.
Midwives provide quality prenatal care.
Midwives provide real food and fluids to strengthen the mother.
Midwives provide safe and gentle care throughout the childbearing cycle.
Midwives provide safe, cost-effective, high quality care.
Midwives receive referrals from around the city.
Midwives recognise women as primary decision makers.
Midwives recognize and support the mother as the main decision-maker.
Midwives recommend it.
Midwives run it.
Midwives say the shortage means many have to work double shifts to provide cover.
Midwives say there are peaks after any significant event.
Midwives see each woman and each pregnancy as unique, and their care is highly personalized.
Midwives serve as liaisons within the health care system and advocate for women and families.
Midwives spend more time to provide education, information and social support to their clients.
Midwives spend time with woman , both during the prenatal visits and during labor.
Midwives stress natural birth and breast-feeding.
Midwives support the right of parents to choose the birthplace that best suits their needs.
Midwives teach, educate and empower women to take control of their own health care.
Midwives tend to delve into the psychological aspects of child birthing.
Midwives then tailor their care to the individual's own needs and beliefs.
Midwives trust a woman's power to give birth successfully.
Midwives trust the birth process and affirm each individual woman's ability to give birth.
Midwives use it during difficult labor.
Midwives use technology such as fetal monitors, but rely heavily on their clinical experience.
Midwives work in clinics, hospitals, and birthing centers.
Midwives work in communities as part of the health care team.
Midwives work in rural communities.
Midwives work with women and their families in many settings.
Midwives often function as both a quality and economical option for birthing care.
Midwives often work in teams of two or three.
All midwives are welcome as members.
All midwives offer prenatal care to nourish and celebrate childbearing.
Many midwives also work in the community.
Many midwives are also certified nurses.
Many midwives are in despair about the sub-standard care they are forced to offer.
Many midwives choose to practice in rural communities or among the poorer neighborhoods.
Many midwives encourage women to avoid pain medication such as epidurals during labor.
Many midwives leave the profession because of low job satisfaction.
Many midwives provide primary health care, gynecological care, and care of the normal newborn.
Many midwives use hot compresses and olive oil to further ease the transition.
Many midwives work in public health clinics, while others choose to provide in-home birth services.
Most midwifes assist women.
Most midwifes have skills.
Most midwifes observe patients.
Most midwifes perform certain duties.
Most midwifes perform duties.
Most midwifes provide care.
Most midwifes treat pregnant women.
Most midwifes treat women.
Most midwifes work in centers.
Most midwives also practice with at least one assistant, or apprentice midwife.
Most midwives believe the use of drugs during labor to be unwise.
Most midwives charge less than that of doctors.
Most midwives have someone come rub their backs etc.
Most midwives rely on good nutrition as their main ally in preventing complications.
Most midwives work in hospitals and urban areas .
Some midwifes apply knowledge.
Some midwifes are trained in applications.
Some midwifes consider boil water.
Some midwifes consider water.
Some midwifes deliver babies.
Some midwifes enter fields.
Some midwifes have extensive medical trains.
Some midwifes have extensive trains.
Some midwifes have ranges.
Some midwifes have trains.
Some midwifes make attempts.
Some midwifes make reasonable attempts.
Some midwifes recognize certain conditions.
Some midwifes recognize conditions.
Some midwifes recognize makers.
Some midwives also speak of emotional dystocia.
Some midwives are nurses who have done some additional midwifery training.
Some midwives attend births at home at legal risk.
Some midwives learn the trade solely by apprenticeship.
Some midwives practice in the home, others at birth centers or in hospitals.
Some midwives prescribe medications including family planning and contraceptive methods.
Some midwives work as adjuncts to physician or hospital practices.
Some midwives work with physicians while some work on an independent basis.
Midwifery education consists of the complete knowledge of the female reproductive system.
Midwifery education is a life saving solution.
Midwifery information is displayed at each meeting.
Midwifery management implies the use of the methods listed below.
Midwifery management prevents cesarean surgeries .
Midwifery management prevents cesarean surgeries.
Midwifery is medicine
Most midwifery is practiced in the institutional setting.
Midyear replacements are never easy on anyone, particularly on the children.
Mien threads are very long and tough, made from a kind of tuber plant called cassava.
Mien villages are often at high altitudes, built usually of wooden planks on a dirt road.
A mifepristone is a drug
Mifepristone allows for greater privacy and access to abortion.
Mifepristone also blocks progesterone receptors, which are necessary for pregnancy.
Mifepristone also exhibits antiglucocorticoid and weak antiandrogenic activity.
Mifepristone also keeps fibroid tumors from growing in the same way.
Mifepristone also promises other medical applications.
Mifepristone becomes available in France.
Mifepristone binds to the progesterone receptor and blocks the action.
Mifepristone blocks a hormone that is needed to continue pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, a hormone necessary to sustain pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, a hormone that helps some cancers grow.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, a hormone that is needed to sustain a pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, vital for an embryo to develop.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, vital for an unborn child to develop.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, which is necessary to sustain a pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the action of progesterone, which is needed to sustain a pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the hormone progesterone and causes the embryo to detach from the lining.
Mifepristone blocks the hormone progesterone and stops the pregnancy.
Mifepristone blocks the hormone progesterone that's needed for a pregnancy to continue.
Mifepristone can both prevent implantation and terminate a pregnancy after implantation.
Mifepristone causes menstruation by blocking the action of progesterone.
Mifepristone ends an unwanted pregnancy at an early stage.
Mifepristone gives women another option.
Mifepristone gives women greater control over the termination of their pregnancies.
Mifepristone has great promise.
Mifepristone has many potential uses beyond pregnancy termination.
Mifepristone has medical benefits unrelated to abortion.
Mifepristone inhibits the activity of progesterone, which is required for continuation of pregnancy.
Mifepristone is a drug which blocks the action of the natural hormone progesterone.
Mifepristone is a non-invasive therapy.
Mifepristone is a pill that the woman swallows.
Mifepristone is a steroid hormone similar in structure to the natural hormone progesterone.
Mifepristone is a valuable option that was denied to American women for far too long.
Mifepristone is an anti-Progesterone drug that stops the early pregnancy from growing.
Mifepristone is an anti-progestin, which blocks the progesterone hormone receptors.
Mifepristone is an anti-progestin.
Mifepristone is approved as an early option for nonsurgical abortion in Sweden.
Mifepristone is approved for use in early abortions in France, Sweden, Great Britain and China.
Mifepristone is approved for use in France, the United Kingdom and Sweden.
Mifepristone is approved for use in Sweden.
Mifepristone is approved for use in the United Kingdom.
Mifepristone is available throughout Europe and China.
Mifepristone is currently available in France, Britain and Sweden.
Mifepristone is currently unavailable in the United States.
Mifepristone is given orally at a clinic visit.
Mifepristone is more studied than nearly any drug in history.
Mifepristone is Safe and Effective.
Mifepristone is taken in the form of a pill.
Mifepristone is taken orally on the first day.
Mifepristone is the first pill taken.
Mifepristone is used in combination with a prostaglandin called misoprostol.
Mifepristone is used to treat brain tumors, fibroids, and breast cancer.
Mifepristone offers American women another choice for abortion.
Mifepristone offers women a safe, private method of terminating an early pregnancy.
Mifepristone offers women an early, safe, and effective medical alternative to surgical abortion.
Mifepristone provides women with an early abortion option.
Mifepristone represents a significant breakthrough in reproductive health care for American women.
Mifepristone represents an important new reproductive health care option for American women.
Mifepristone sensitizes the myometrium to the contraction-inducing effects of prostaglandins.
Mifepristone stops a fertilized egg from attaching itself to the lining of the uterus.
Mifepristone works by blocking the action of the natural hormone, progesterone.
Mifepristone works by blocking the female hormone progesterone.
Mifepristone works by causing the embryo to detach from the uterine lining.
Mifepristones are drugs.
Some mig genes affect specific navigational steps while others are strikingly pleiotropic.
Migern soils are on convex fan piedmont remnants.
Mighty changes lie ahead.
Mighty creatures have ancestors.
Most mighty creatures have ancestors.
Mighty Diamonds ca.
Mighty Mangroves Read about mangroves in New Zealand.
Mighty Mice can search for a given product or look for all products in a category.
Mighty mouse is on the way.
Mighty oaks form little acorns grow.
Mighty oaks line the banks Of winding rivers that flow.
Mighty power is stored within the promise to be fulfilled for all who claim it in faith.
Mighty rivers drain north and east from the Rocky Mountains into the watershed of the Arctic Ocean.
Mighty waterfalls proliferate throughout the area naturally supplying an ideal picnic point.
Mighty wings push the frigid air back, to propell the cotton-ball in the sky forward.
Many migraine attacks occur spontaneously or sporadically.
Migraine care depends on careful assessment.
Migraine formulation is due, in part, to the analgesic adjuvant effect of caffeine.
Migraine formulation is effective for the treatment of acute migraine headache pain.
Migraine headache is a common associated problem.
Migraine headache is a subjective experience.
Migraine headache is the reaction most often reported.
Migraine headaches affect males and females of all ages.
Migraine headaches affect more than personal well-being.
Migraine headaches are a common, but unrecognized diagnosis in primary care practice.
Migraine headaches are a special kind of headache.
Migraine headaches are also one of the leading causes of time missed from work.
Migraine headaches are an example of illness where stress is a major causative factor.
Migraine headaches are another common type of headache.
Migraine headaches are basically vascular spasms that produce pain and visual symptoms.
Migraine headaches are difficult to treat because the exact cause is unknown.
Migraine headaches are especially likely in the premenstrual week.
Migraine headaches are generally more severe than tension headaches.
Migraine headaches are headaches.
Migraine headaches are more common among women, tend to run in families, and are more debilitating.
Migraine headaches are much less common, but when they strike they can be disabling.
Migraine headaches are one of the more severe headache types and can be very debilitating in nature.
Migraine headaches are recurrent headaches that occur at intervals of days, weeks or months.
Migraine headaches are the most common type of vascular headache in women.
Migraine headaches are the most common type of vascular headache.
Migraine headaches are the next most common cause of headache.
Migraine headaches are three times more common in women than in men.
Migraine headaches can affect both sexes but are more common in adolescent and adult females.
Migraine headaches can affect the whole head, or only part of it.
Migraine headaches can also affect children.
Migraine headaches can also be hereditary.
Migraine headaches can be a chronic problem for some people.
Migraine headaches can be severe and debilitating, and they can affect men and women of all ages.
Migraine headaches can begin in childhood.
Migraine headaches can cause severe headache pain.
Migraine headaches can last from a few hours to several days.
Migraine headaches can strike anyone at any age, although they are most common in young women.
Migraine headaches differ from cluster headaches, which are just as intense.
Migraine headaches follow a different pattern.
Migraine headaches have nausea as a common associated symptom.
Migraine headaches interfere with life, love, play and work.
Migraine headaches is an inherited disorder.
Migraine headaches produce throbbing pain on one or both sides of the head.
Migraine headaches stem from several sources.
Migraine headaches tend to run in families and affect about one person in ten.
Many migraine headaches result from sensitivity to certain foods.
Some migraine headaches arise in a predictable pattern, such as during a woman's menstrual cycle.
Migraine management is one of several conditions treated by a trained neurologist.
Migraine pain disrupts family member s lives, behaviors and activities.
Migraine pain is caused by eating certain foods, like chocolate.
Migraine pain is often moderate to severe in intensity and interferes with normal daily activities.
Many migraine patients face economic barriers in accessing drugs to relieve their headache pain.
Many migraine patients have family histories of the problem.
Most migraine patients consult their family doctor for treatment.
Most migraine patients have attacks without aura.
Migraine season seems to be back again.
Migraine sufferers are familiar with the array of drugs available to fight their attacks.
Migraine sufferers are high utilizers of health care.
Migraine sufferers are likely to respond well to adequate diet revision.
Migraine sufferers are more females than males.
Migraine sufferers have abnormally excitable neurons in the brain.
Migraine sufferers know all too well the devastating effects headaches can have on their lives.
Migraine sufferers tend to be perfectionists, so they often are very busy people.
All migraine sufferers can benefit from preventive treatment a.
Many migraine sufferers are very sensitive to light, especially to glare.
Many migraine sufferers claim that the weather can precipitate one of their blinding headaches.
Many migraine sufferers identify chocolate as a trigger.
Most migraine sufferers can avoid or relieve pain through various approaches and treatments.
Most migraine sufferers feel nauseous and some vomit during an attack.
Most migraine sufferers have a family history of migraine.
Most migraine sufferers have their first episode as a teenager.
Some migraine sufferers are at the end of their ropes.
Some migraine sufferers can actually predict their headaches by changes in the weather.
Some migraine sufferers claim that food additives provoke the headaches.
Some migraine sufferers experience a distinct neurologic warning prior to developing headaches.
Some migraine sufferers feel nauseous or vomit during an attack.
Some migraine sufferers find that maintaining a regular eating schedule helps.
Some migraine sufferers report that headaches begin after a stressful situation has passed.
Some migraine sufferers require medication to prevent migraine from developing.
Migraine susceptibility runs in families and migraines are three times more common in women.
A migraine is a headache
Migraine afflicts more women than men.
Migraine begins oftentimes in childhood.
Migraine causes inflammation of the nerves and blood vessels in the head.
Migraine hits with or without aura.
Migraine interferes with work and family life.
Migraine isa headache.
Migraine presents as a symptom complex which typically includes nausea and vomiting.
Migraine refers to a specific type of severe headache.
Migraine suffers use their ergotamine.
Migraine tends to move from one side of the head to the other with different episodes.
Migraines are a disease of resentment.
Migraines are a neurological disease.
Migraines are a possible cause of dizziness.
Migraines are a separate and specific medical problem.
Migraines are a special problem since they are so disabling and painful.
Migraines are a vascular headache based on how the blood vessels react in exercise.
Migraines are also a very common cause of orbital eye pain associated with headaches.
Migraines are diseases.
Migraines are eeeevil.
Migraines are episodic headaches that are severe.
Migraines are generally of two types, known as classic and common.
Migraines are headaches that are thought to be dilation of blood vessels in the brain.
Migraines are headaches.
Migraines are incredibly common.
Migraines are intense, throbbing headaches usually on one side of the head.
Migraines are more common from adolescence into the forties and fifties.
Migraines are more common in children than in adults.
Migraines are more common in men than women.
Migraines are more common in women than in men.
Migraines are more likely to occur in response to several triggers that occur at once.
Migraines are often hereditary.
Migraines are often undiagnosed and untreated.
Migraines are on one side of the head or the other.
Migraines are severe, pounding headaches that can last for days.
Migraines are totally psychological.
Migraines are two times more common in women than men and often run in families.
Migraines are usually much more severe than muscle contraction headaches.
Migraines are usually on one side of the head.
Migraines are vascular headaches, caused by changes in the blood vessels of the head.
Migraines are vascular headaches, which involve the blood vessels in the brain.
Migraines are vascular headaches, which means they involve blood vessels.
Migraines become more common at the onset of puberty, triggered by hormonal fluctuations.
Migraines can affect individuals at any age.
Migraines can also run in families.
Migraines can also trigger nausea and vomiting.
Migraines can be difficult to diagnose.
Migraines can be hereditary.
Migraines can be life-threatening .
Migraines can be mild in the pain or severe.
Migraines can be stress enduced, as can be muscle tension.
Migraines can begin at any age, though the first often occurs during adolescence.
Migraines can begin in children and affect females more than males.
Migraines can cause nausea, dizziness and visual disturbances.
Migraines can cause nausea.
Migraines can last a few hours or even a few days.
Migraines can last a long time.
Migraines can last anywhere from a few hours to a few days.
Migraines can last from a couple of hours up to four days.
Migraines can last from a few hours up to several days.
Migraines can occur as frequently as twice per week.
Migraines can occur on a daily basis or once in several months, and can last for hours or days.
Migraines can ruin a workout.
Migraines can strike people at any time in their lives and cause severe, recurring pain.
Migraines can trigger episodes of vertigo that last from minutes to hours.
Migraines cause a substantial economic and societal burden.
Migraines come and go.
Migraines create pain on a scale from bad to needing to be hospitalized.
Migraines generally improve after menopause.
Migraines have a diurnal pattern.
Migraines have a multifactorial etiology.
Migraines occur more often in women and can be triggered by hormonal changes.
Migraines produce moderate to severe pounding or throbbing pain, commonly on one side of the head.
Migraines produce throbbing pain on one or both sides of the head.
Migraines run in families and affect more women than men.
Migraines tend to be severe, throbbing, one-sided headaches, often with nausea.
Migraines tend to run in families, and first show up in the teen or young adult years.
Migraines tend to run in families, and usually first show up in the teen or young adult years.
Migraines tend to run in families.
Migraines tend to worsen in early pregnancy and improve as pregnancy progresses.
Migraines triggered by wind, study shows Earth .
Migraines typially return once usage is stopped.
Migraines often affect only one side of the head.
Migraines often begin in childhood, adolescence or early adulthood.
Migraines often return during the postpartum period.
Migraines often start early in life and can stop by middle age.
Migraines usually begin in early childhood, adolescence, or young adult life.
Migraines usually occur less frequently as a person ages.
Some migraines are mild enough to be treated with simple anti- inflammatories such as ibuprofen.
Some migraines are moderate, some are severe.
Some migraines are so extreme that they cause limb numbness, hallu cinations, nausea and vomiting.
Some migraines can last for a long period of time.
Some migraines have no headaches at all.
Some migraines occur in children.
Some migraines respond to migraine treatments.
Some migraines respond to treatments.
Migrant birds appear sometimes to simply head in the wrong direction.
Migrant birds arrive.
Migrant birds begin to arrive, accompanied by showers.
Migrant birds find their ways using many navigation methods and types of programming.
Migrant birds leave.
Many migrant birds avoid crossing the lake and veer to the east.
Most migrant birds spend only two to four months of the year on their nesting grounds.
Migrant centers serve infants as young as six weeks of age.
Migrant children are less likely to participate in unpaid activities as compared to non-migrants.
Migrant children are uniquely an invisible culture.
Migrant children are virtually exempt from fair labor and safety laws.
Migrant children can be either interstate or intrastate.
Migrant children face problems that compound the risks they share with many disadvantaged groups.
Migrant children have unique needs.
Migrant children reside in communities throughout the state.
Migrant children travel throughout much of the United States during several months of the year.
Most migrant children have substantial needs for supplementary instructional and support services.
Migrant clinics serve family members.
Migrant clinics serve members.
Most migrant clinics serve family members.
Most migrant clinics serve members.
Migrant communities are a major source of information on the monitoring of racist acts.
Migrant crime jousts with Anglo crime.
Migrant education is primarily a summer program.
Migrant families are intact families.
Many migrant families travel out of state to work during summer months.
Most migrant families are U.S. citizens and have been so for generations.
Migrant forms move downstream to over winter in rivers or lakes after spawning.
Migrant groups appear to exhibit more advanced periodontal disease than do Hispanic groups.
Migrant hawks begin appearing in numbers.
Migrant hawks take advantage of the redirected winds and glide on set wings above the tree tops.
Migrant health clinics serve family members.
Migrant health clinics serve members.
Migrant housing is housing that is seasonally occupied by migrating farm workers.
Migrant laborers can evade the authorities as they move from place to place in search of work.
Migrant laborers can finally have continuity in their learning, for themselves and their children.
Migrant labour is a further factor in the social and environmental pressures in South Africa.
Migrant labour provides an important part of the village income.
Migrant labourers wishing to send remittances home often do so in kind, rather than in cash.
Migrant life is tough.
Many migrant mothers dream of their children working beyond the fields.
Migrant parents are very involved in motivating their kids to succeed and work hard like they do.
Many migrant parents have little or no education.
Many migrant populations migrate to Africa south of the Sahara.
Migrant shorebirds are also viewable in the local area.
Some migrant shorebirds have time.
Some migrant species are now rare in North America, possibly due to loss of their wintering areas.
Migrant staff provide advocacy services on behalf of migrant students and their families.
Migrant students are socially and financially disadvantaged as well.
Migrant students are there in early fall and spring.
Migrant students have one of the highest dropout rates in the United States.
Migrant students succeed in college .
Migrant students succeed in college.
Some migrant students are able to attend temporary schools in the northern states.
Migrant warblers are especially easy to see here, where the vegetation is lower than in the forest.
Migrant warblers concentrate on coasts.
Migrant women are subject to both domestic and public violence and labor market exploitation.
Migrant women have different patterns.
Migrant women have patterns.
Most migrant women have different patterns.
Most migrant women have patterns.
Migrant workers are an important component of the agricultural economy of the region and the state.
Migrant workers are exempt.
Migrant workers are particularly vulnerable.
Migrant workers are temps.
Migrant workers are the main feature of the Palestinian economy.
Migrant workers are workers.
Migrant workers do.
Migrant workers establish a temporary abode in the area where they work.
Migrant workers face issues.
Migrant workers fill a void in the American agriculture system.
Migrant workers have problems in getting both primary health care and ongoing care of illness.
Migrant workers hunt wildlife because it is a cheap source of food.
Migrant workers play a key role in Guangdong's economy.
Migrant workers project.
Migrant workers start arriving.
Migrant workers underpin economies of developed countries.
Migrant workers welcome.
Many migrant workers protest they are subject to repeated abuse by U.S. police forces.
Many migrant workers spend their first year's earnings just paying off the investment to get abroad.
Many migrant workers suffer at the hands of their employers, on whom they are completely dependent.
Most migrant workers are in some way or the other linked to business activities.
Most migrant workers face issues.
Some migrant workers take advantage.
Migrant youth have the lowest graduation rate of any group of students in public schools.
A migrant is a traveler
Migrant isa traveler.
Migrant isa traveller.
Migrants add to damage .
Migrants also bring new skills and experience to our workforce.
Migrants also do white-collar jobs.
Migrants also reduce only blue-collar workers wage growth.
Migrants also tend to have higher birthrates than the native populations.
Migrants appear to move across a broad front from the coast to the Rocky Mountains.
Migrants are acceptable only as reproducing agents of the Western business centers.
Migrants are also susceptible to environmental extremes, especially freak weather changes.
Migrants are eligible to become citizens after two years' residence, and many do.
Migrants are highly susceptible to predation.
Migrants are law abiding, and in fact, excellent citizens.
Migrants are more likely to undertake risky behaviour - as they are separated from their families.
Migrants are motivated, educated, skilled and enterprising.
Migrants are often, moreover, victims of exploitation and causes of dispute.
Migrants are people who move from one place to another perhaps due to the availability of work.
Migrants are still young.
Migrants are travelers.
Migrants are very sophisticated about choosing where they stop.
Migrants are well-represented and more visible in small business and entrepreneurial areas.
Migrants are workers who take seasonal jobs and return to their families in Mexico.
Migrants arrive at locations.
Migrants arrive in areas.
Migrants arrive in some years.
Migrants begin journeys.
Migrants begin southward journeys.
Migrants begin their aerial courtship displays in late winter and early spring.
Migrants bring back suitcases loaded with gifts to distribute among relatives and neighbors.
Migrants can be actors of co-operation.
Migrants choose to leave their country to seek a better life.
Migrants come into countries.
Migrants continue to arrive.
Migrants continue to pour through the Miami Valley.
Migrants contre le sida .
Migrants drink salt water.
Migrants drink water.
Migrants entering through the skill categories have a positive effect on the economy.
Migrants fill the gap.
Migrants find cover in many lowland woodland habitats.
Migrants fly faster over water than over land.
Migrants generally seem more wary than do resident birds.
Migrants have (part) arms.
Migrants have (part) body substances.
Migrants have (part) cell membranes.
Migrants have (part) cells.
Migrants have (part) corpi.
Migrants have (part) cytoplasm.
Migrants have (part) heads.
Migrants have (part) human bodies.
Migrants have (part) legs.
Migrants have (part) material bodies.
Migrants have (part) necks.
Migrants have (part) nuclei.
Migrants have (part) personality.
Migrants have (part) plasma membranes.
Migrants have (part) sections.
Migrants have (part) vacuoles.
Migrants have a right of access to life saving information in their own language.
Migrants have a right to understand fully the legislation and rules governing migration.
Migrants have attributes.
Migrants have rights.
Migrants lack the social networks of long term-residents who often sell water to each other.
Migrants learn quickly and transfer the habits and values of their hosts to their own societies.
Migrants leave home voluntarily to try to make their lives better with a new job or education.
Migrants leave Nicaragua because there is no work.
Migrants make a conscious choice to come to Australia.
Migrants moving among the patches are structured into metapopulations either as sources or sinks.
Migrants nowadays come from a variety of countries of origin.
Migrants obtain the river velocity from the hydraulic model node that is closest to their location.
Migrants only wish to be here temporarily, such as most mineworkers, farm labourers and traders.
Migrants oscillate between origin and destination.
Migrants pass through during spring and fall.
Migrants pass through our local sapsucker territories in several waves.
Migrants produce offspring.
Migrants provide seasonal labor at critical periods in crop development.
Migrants rely on berries most heavily on the late summer and early fall.
Migrants risk life.
Migrants seek employment.
Migrants simply try again the next night.
Migrants take journeys.
Migrants tend to be a younger and poorer segment of the population.
Migrants therefore are usually mostly poor and unskilled.
Migrants too are critical of the lack of government programs to deal with their needs.
Migrants often find it easiest to follow routes of traditional economic and political connection.
Migrants sometimes are seen out at sea some distance from land.
Migrants sometimes pass through lower elevations in mountains.
Many migrants are caught and some drown while attempting to make the sea crossing.
Many migrants are poor and in search of employment and housing in urban areas.
Many migrants do a LOT of eating.
Many migrants face the additional challenge of flying at high altitudes.
Many migrants fly higher or lower depending on the direction of prevailing winds.
Many migrants go overseas and invest in land.
Many migrants have no documents.
Many migrants have their passports confiscated by their recruitment agencies or employers.
Many migrants never make it.
Many migrants pass through during spring and fall, and hence Plum Island is recommended year-round.
Many migrants travel with a series of short flights and frequent stopovers.
Most migrants arrive at locations.
Most migrants arrive in areas.
Most migrants begin journeys.
Most migrants begin southward journeys.
Most migrants come into countries.
Most migrants do speak English.
Most migrants drink salt water.
Most migrants drink water.
Most migrants enter South Africa frequently, legally and are well educated, the report says.
Most migrants go only a short distance.
Most migrants have attributes.
Most migrants have rights.
Most migrants move from counties to cities.
Most migrants move short or medium distances .
Most migrants move short or medium distances.
Most migrants produce offspring.
Most migrants seek employment.
Most migrants show up over the river valley to the west of North Pack.
Most migrants take journeys.
Some migrants create problems.
Some migrants die of exhaustion.
Some migrants die of heat exhaustion.
Some migrants enter regions where temperatures can become extreme.
Some migrants escape revolution.
Some migrants fly non-stop across the Gulf of Mexico while some move inland down the Texas coast.
Some migrants follow cone crops.
Some migrants follow crops.
Some migrants have to sleep in tents.
Some migrants increase activities.
Some migrants lose life.
Some migrants move to areas.
Some migrants occur in fields.
Some migrants receive land titles.
Some migrants receive titles.
Some migrants rush to sides.
Some migrants shoot officers.
Some migrants shoot police officers.
Some migrants take advantage.
Migrate birds have flexibility.
Most migrate birds have flexibility.
Migrate larvae enter dormant states.
Migrate larvae enter states.
Most migrate larvae enter dormant states.
Most migrate larvae enter states.
Migrate loons return to areas.
Migrate loons return to same areas.
Migrate shorebirds have impact.
Migrated data are then available and can be used by any module user.
Migrated leukocytes are visible as darker cells moving under the endothelial monolayer.
Migrated mailboxes receive a separate copy of single-instance stored messages.
Most migrating birds are insectivorous and use tree plantings for cover, nesting and feeding areas.
Most migrating birds travel shorter distances.
Migration patterns are mostly nocturnal.
Migration patterns follow the ice pack.
Migration patterns indicate movement.
Migration patterns vary over time and are unique to different cultural groups.
Most migration patterns indicate movement.
Some migration patterns depend on ages.
Migration periods are difficult to discern in areas where birds are resident.
Migration periods can be quite exciting as unusual species often show up.
Migration periods vary.
Migration accounts for a large proportion of the time spent in a typical processing sequence.
Migration acts to unify gene frequencies between populations.
Migration affects entire process.
Migration allows acclimation to the changing salinity .
Migration allows animals the opportunity to take advantage of seasonal resources.
Migration allows birds to take advantage of productive seasons and avoid unproductive seasons.
Migration appears to be a quest for the impossible a redemption of one s soul in a foreign land.
Migration becomes sensitive to velocity when wide angles are involved.
Migration begins from the North as settlers come seeking land and opportunity.
Migration begins in late summer.
Migration begins in the autumn in Northern regions reaching Western Victoria by mid spring.
Migration begins with northerly winds, good visibility, and increasing barometric pressure.
Migration brings challenges.
Migration brings in a wide variety of warblers, flycatchers, thrushes and sparrows.
Migration can also occur from one tertiary storage device to another.
Migration can also occur with emulsion formulations over vinyl.
Migration can be an arduous task for many organizations.
Migration can be hazardous for the whooping cranes.
Migration can be very expensive.
Migration can be voluntary or forced, temporary or permanent.
Migration can cause alot of headaches.
Migration can cause respiratory signs that mimic upper respiratory infections.
Migration can continue until early afternoon.
Migration can involve moving to new hardware, new software, or both.
Migration can obviously be a dangerous choice.
Migration can provide ecological links between different habitats.
Migration consists of having only one copy of it.
Migration continues in full swing, and reports of new arrivals are called in almost daily.
Migration continues to contribute positively to Minnesota s population growth.
Migration continues until the game completes.
Migration contributes to conflict.
Migration contributes to nonmetro per capita income growth.
Migration contributes to reductions.
Migration decreases the ratio of dependency.
Migration depends on climates.
Migration depends on the economy, welfare, shelter, and transportation available to a society.
Migration depends on weather and visibility.
Migration depends on weather.
Migration ends at the first frost.
Migration flows, as a result, have become more complex and diverse.
Migration focuses on keeping the material functional with new technology.
Migration fuels growth.
Migration fuels population growth.
Migration has effects.
Migration has tradition.
Migration homogenizes gene frequencies among populations.
Migration improves calf survival.
Migration improves survival.
Migration includes refreshing, that is, copying digital information without changing it.
Migration increases chances.
Migration involves horizontal movement.
Migration involves individuals.
Migration involves interrupting a running process and restoring it on a different computer.
Migration involves movement.
Migration involves the transformation of archival data from one format to another.
Migration involves two parts.
Migration is a big part of life for all dolphins.
Migration is a combination of instinctive and learned behaviors.
Migration is a complex behavior that involves certain genetically acquired or learned instructions.
Migration is a critical time for gray whales.
Migration is a dangerous time for Whooping cranes and other migratory birds.
Migration is a fortunate experience.
Migration is a given in American myths of identity.
Migration is a household affair.
Migration is a huge behavioral adaptation.
Migration is a key aspect of human behavior.
Migration is a key component of the impact of environmental change on population.
Migration is a key factor in the search for geo-political stability.
Migration is a major component of population growth in Queensland.
Migration is a major force for population change at all spatial scales in England.
Migration is a major headache, in part because the reach of the product is so great.
Migration is a mass directional movement of large numbers of organisms from one location to another.
Migration is a measure of last resort.
Migration is a mechanism of increasing an organisms fitness.
Migration is a most relevant issue to the whole question of globalization.
Migration is a natural phenomenon.
Migration is a phenomenon as old as humankind.
Migration is a phenomenon which all metros in the country are facing.
Migration is a powerful instinct.
Migration is a seasonal movement of an animal.
Migration is a strong instinct.
Migration is a structural adaptation behavioral adaptation form of communication .
Migration is a succession of lofty circles with a southward drift.
Migration is a survival story, full of risks and dangers.
Migration is a very challenging time for birds and it can be a substantial source of mortality.
Migration is a wonderful interdisciplinary topic to tackle in the classroom.
Migration is also a deconvolution, but in the space domain as well as the time domain.
Migration is also more difficult to measure than fertility and mortality.
Migration is always a nightmare.
Migration is always an issue for DBAs, especially in a global organization.
Migration is assumed to occur evenly throughout the year.
Migration is believed to be influenced by various neural glycoproteins or fibres.
Migration is blocked.
Migration is both nocturnal and diurnal.
Migration is common among the groups inhabiting the Asian countries.
Migration is condition-dependent in some birds.
Migration is derived from net rates for males and females in each five-year age group in each area.
Migration is done according to changing day length or photoperiod.
Migration is done by day and for short distances.
Migration is Easy.
Migration is events.
Migration is exceptional on the Mississippi if the timing is right, it can be an awesome.
Migration is extremely difficult.
Migration is from north and east to south and west.
Migration is fully customizable and is undoable.
Migration is fully underway in Connecticut.
Migration is generally for the purposes of feeding and breeding.
Migration is hard work.
Migration is how bottlenecks arise forcing change.
Migration is important to maintaining healthy bull trout populations.
Migration is in full swing with sightings of many new returning species from all over the state.
Migration is in full swing.
Migration is in the direction of the slip face.
Migration is known to occur in some species.
Migration is more notable in spring than in autumn.
Migration is more than downward continuation of wave fields.
Migration is most effective when the water content and permeability of soil are high.
Migration is most evident among birds.
Migration is motion.
Migration is movement
Migration is nature's classic solution to the problem of over-population, scarcity and competition.
Migration is necessary to counteract the effects of environmental and demographic extinctions.
Migration is never an easy choice, but sometimes it is the only choice.
Migration is no longer a dominant issue.
Migration is nocturnal.
Migration is often annual and is closely linked with the cyclic pattern of the seasons.
Migration is often annual, and thus is closely linked to the planet's seasonal changes.
Migration is one of the fundamental ways societies change through time.
Migration is one of the great pulses in wildlife cycles.
Migration is one of the major ties that bind our societies.
Migration is one of the marvels of the animal world.
Migration is one strategy for escaping the killing temperatures.
Migration is out of control, and crime is widespread.
Migration is people.
Migration is periodic round trips between breeding and nonbreeding areas.
Migration is prevented by some kind of barriers.
Migration is rapid if there are large numbers of stored-grain insects nearby.
Migration is related to the timing of unemployment within a sojourn.
Migration is seamless and at no extra charge.
Migration is seasonal, and movements are determined by retreating or advancing ice.
Migration is seasonal.
Migration is secured and speed-up.
Migration is seen as an engine in the process.
Migration is selective.
Migration is sensitive to economic change and economic opportunity.
Migration is still much in evidence.
Migration is stressful, and about half the shad die after spawning.
Migration is the instinct that seems to have puzzled students of behavior most.
Migration is therefore highly labor-intensive.
Migration is through a specialised utility.
Migration is time consuming and presents risks of bit fade or loss.
Migration is triggered by the length of the day, possibly also the angle of the sun.
Migration is triggered in one of two ways.
Migration is typically at night.
Migration is unknown, and strandings occur year round in tropical and subtropical waters.
Migration is usually a seasonal phenomenon.
Migration is usually in short segments with long layovers and few very long flights.
Migration is usually social, and is probably sometimes facilitated by social tradition.
Migration is usually unidirectional and upwind.
Migration is usually voluntary.
Migration is very important in the history of the West.
Migration is when a group of individuals move from one population to another.
Migration is when an animal moves from one place to another, often from one habitat to another.
Migration is, in essence, a translation.
Migration isa happening.
Migration isa occurrence.
Migration limits the genetic divergence of populations and so impedes the process of speciation.
Migration means moving files to a new system.
Migration means to move from one place to another.
Migration means, of course, that some customers improve their performance over time.
Migration moves all the little segments on top of each other.
Migration needs to be governed by fixed transparent rules.
Migration occurs at night.
Migration occurs at random and is independent of phenotype.
Migration occurs during winter.
Migration occurs in both differentiated and non-differentiated populations.
Migration occurs in early springs.
Migration occurs in mammals.
Migration occurs in massive herds of thousands of wildebeests.
Migration occurs in springs.
Migration occurs in the fall and spring of each year.
Migration occurs mainly through the interior.
Migration occurs more rapidly toward the surface due to radiation damage effects.
Migration occurs only at night, and typically alone.
Migration occurs practically everywhere, though best of all are the higher points.
Migration occurs seasonally.
Migration occurs through the anterior portion of each somite.
Migration occurs when an animal moves from one environment to another.
Migration occurs when bass move along a route from from shallow to deep water or vice versa.
Migration occurs when the band and balloon migrates through the stomach wall into the stomach lumen.
Migration occurs within and among countries.
Migration plays a big role in the Kalugas early life.
Migration poses several problems.
Migration provides a mapping from a data space to a model space.
Migration refers to seasonal movements of animals from one area to another.
Migration refers to the flow of genes into or out of an isolated population through inbreeding.
Migration reports .
Migration requires moving away from today s organization-chart approach to an integrated model.
Migration rises, creating tension.
Migration seems to have had little effect on regional differences in church membership.
Migration simply means, a change in residence that is intended to be permanent.
Migration starts from the breeding places of birds in Siberia, Northern China and Japan.
Migration still takes place mainly between developing countries.
Migration stimulates specialization of voice and duplex at the lower, optimal RF spectra.
Migration stop for large concentrations of shore birds.
Migration stop for large numbers of waterfowl.
Migration stops when conditions moderate.
Migration takes place on a single computer.
Migration takes places.
Migration takes time.
Migration tends to strike at middle levels of organizations.
Migrations are a different affair.
Migrations are complicated and time consuming.
Migrations are one of the most fascinating phenomena that can be seen in Africa.
Migrations are seasonal movements of wildlife from one habitat to another.
Migrations are tough on personnel, and really difficult in the world of client-server computing.
Migrations begin in the fall.
Migrations can be hundreds of miles.
Migrations can be wholly within fresh water, or between fresh water and the sea.
Migrations consists of two separate parts.
Migrations depend heavily on sea water temperature.
Migrations do occur, but they occur in both directions, just as on the left.
Migrations have profound economic and social effects that can be observed throughout history.
Migrations involves the fish moving from one part of a water body to another on a regular basis.
Migrations occur on a workgroup by workgroup basis over a period of time.
Migrations take place, plants flower or fruit, courting, nesting, mating, and new births take place.
Migrations tells the story of three waves of Jewish settlers.
Migration always involves long distances.
Migration often fails because of poor change packaging.
Migration often results in occurrences in habitats or locations out of the normal range.
Any migration is probably at least a year away.
Many migrations are seasonal.
Many migrations fail to test each user's procedures.
Most migration depends on climates.
Most migration depends on weather.
Most migration has effects.
Most migration has tradition.
Most migration improves calf survival.
Most migration improves survival.
Most migration involves horizontal movement.
Most migration involves individuals.
Most migration involves movement.
Most migration is over the North American prairies.
Most migration is rural to urban.
Most migration is seasonal .
Most migration is small scale.
Most migration occurs along plumbing or utility tunnels or between apartments in structures.
Most migration occurs during winter.
Most migration occurs in early springs.
Most migration occurs in mammals.
Most migration occurs in springs.
Most migration takes place during the day, and flocks fly low overhead in a V-formation.
Most migration takes places.
Most migrations begin with the birds starting off in a broad front.
Most migrations correspond to a change in seasons.
Most migrations involve horizontal travel.
Most migrations occur at relatively low altitudes.
Much migration is of individuals, rather than families, and based on individual decisions.
Some migration affects size.
Some migration also takes place on cloudy days.
Some migration becomes habits.
Some migration causes contamination.
Some migration causes damage.
Some migration causes death.
Some migration causes destruction.
Some migration causes fevers.
Some migration causes seizures.
Some migration follows rain.
Some migration includes death.
Some migration involves flight.
Some migration involves long flight.
Some migration is caused by invasions.
Some migration is merely up and down mountains.
Some migration occurs at nights.
Some migration occurs in embryos.
Some migration occurs in old embryos.
Some migration occurs in summer.
Some migration poses plights.
Some migration provides benefits.
Some migration provides many benefits.
Some migration sees patterns.
Some migration varies from regions.
Some migrations are amazing feats of stamina and navigation.
Some migrations are fatal, with insects carried into deserts, poleward in autumn, and out to sea.
Some migrations take a vertical direction and involve no appreciable horizontal movement.
Migrational anomalies can coexist.
Migrator isa traveler.
Migrator isa traveller.
Migrators have (part) arms.
Migrators have (part) body substances.
Migrators have (part) cell membranes.
Migrators have (part) cells.
Migrators have (part) corpi.
Migrators have (part) cytoplasm.
Migrators have (part) heads.
Migrators have (part) human bodies.
Migrators have (part) legs.
Migrators have (part) material bodies.
Migrators have (part) necks.
Migrators have (part) nuclei.
Migrators have (part) personality.
Migrators have (part) plasma membranes.
Migrators have (part) sections.
Migrators have (part) vacuoles.
Migratory animals are animals.
Migratory animals know their locations by the intensity of the field .
Migratory animals know their locations by the intensity of the field.
Migratory animals use riparian areas as stops off points to forage, drink and rest before moving on.
Many migratory animals pack together in the south during the winter.
Many migratory animals use the magnetic poles when they travel long distances each spring and fall .
Many migratory animals use the magnetic poles when they travel long distances each spring and fall.
Migratory beekeepers are constantly on the go.
Migratory behavior is associated with gregariousness.
Migratory behavior is determined exclusively by environmental factors.
Migratory behaviour has components.
Migratory behaviour has heritable components.
Most migratory behaviour has components.
Most migratory behaviour has heritable components.
Migratory birds abandon the area and either go elsewhere or die out.
Migratory birds abound during the spring and fall seasons.
Migratory birds add color and music to the spring.
Migratory birds are a crucial indicator of the overall health of our ecosystem.
Migratory birds are an excellent indicator of the overall health of an ecosystem.
Migratory birds are an important part of the biological diversity of natural forests.
Migratory birds are an international responsibility.
Migratory birds are at critical risk.
Migratory birds are birds.
Migratory birds are integral parts of our culture, heritage, and economy.
Migratory birds are migratory animals.
Migratory birds are most conspicuous in early morning.
Migratory birds are part of a global system that developed over thousands of years.
Migratory birds are particularly abundant along the coastal ridges in southern Florida.
Migratory birds are present and the occasional spotted native cat has been seen in the area.
Migratory birds are some of the most beautiful, observable, and remarkable wildlife.
Migratory birds arrive from up North.
Migratory birds begin their fall migration.
Migratory birds can build fat stores as an energy source for long flights.
Migratory birds can have two springs and two mating seasons in a year.
Migratory birds can use celestial and magnetic cues to locate their migratory direction.
Migratory birds concentrate here in the spring and fall, and bald eagles are numerous.
Migratory birds continue to face enormous and increasing challenges.
Migratory birds cross the boundaries of nations, watersheds, and ecosystems.
Migratory birds depend on wetland and coastal habitat for stopover sites and breeding areas.
Migratory birds encounter the same hazards faced by our resident birds.
Migratory birds face an increasing number of life-threatening challenges.
Migratory birds find sanctuary on a small lake in the zoo every winter.
Migratory birds fit within that.
Migratory birds fly thickest in fall.
Migratory birds frequent the various lagoons, ponds and mangroves.
Migratory birds have considerable economic impact in North America.
Migratory birds have glands.
Migratory birds have no place to rest or to nest.
Migratory birds have salt glands.
Migratory birds hunted on Fort Riley include mourning doves, ducks, and geese.
Migratory birds make long journeys as well.
Migratory birds make their appearance now and love is in the air.
Migratory birds provide significant economic benefits.
Migratory birds return to summer in the North.
Migratory birds swoop overhead.
Migratory birds travel great distances across land and sea each season.
Migratory birds use a combination of methods to navigate.
Migratory birds use current.
Migratory birds use the Arctic to feed, nest, and raise their young.
Migratory birds use vernal lakes as critical resting and feeding areas.
Migratory birds vary widely in the type of habitat they require for nesting.
Migratory birds visit Klamath Basin on the Pacific flyway.
Migratory birds visiting the wetland are sufficient to show such a minimal effect.
All migratory birds require tags with hunter's name and address and dates of kills.
Many migratory birds are in the area.
Many migratory birds are well known for their long-distance journeys.
Many migratory birds come to the taiga to nest and feed on the huge insect population.
Many migratory birds stop for food and rest on their way to their breeding grounds.
Many migratory birds stop on Jamaica on their journeys north or south.
Most migratory birds have glands.
Most migratory birds have salt glands.
Most migratory birds use current.
Some migratory birds are able to hear the infrasonic sounds produced when ocean waves break.
Some migratory birds consume rocky mountain juniper.
Some migratory birds live in tundra.
Some migratory birds occupy dry forest life zones.
Some migratory birds occupy zones.
Some migratory birds stay here in other seasons.
Migratory butterflies are much more active than non- migratory ones.
Migratory creatures encounter hazards in their travels and the cranes are no exception.
Migratory deer have larger annual home ranges than resident deer.
Migratory fish are an important part of our heritage and economy.
Migratory fish are some of our most interesting and important aquatic species.
Migratory fish prefer surface water.
Migratory fish prefer warm surface water.
Migratory fish prefer warm water.
Migratory fish prefer water.
Migratory fish spend most of their lives at sea, but return to fresh water to spawn.
Most migratory fish prefer warm surface water.
Most migratory fish prefer warm water.
Migratory game are subject to many protective restrictions.
A migratory grasshopper is a locust
Migratory grasshoppers are slightly larger and difficult to distinguish from the red-legged.
Migratory hawks provide an unusual opportunity.
Most migratory lows are weak and only affect northern Japan.
Migratory movements tend to be regular and largely predictable.
Migratory ospreys breed later during the year than residents.
Migratory patterns are taught through generations.
Migratory salmon return to rivers.
Migratory shorebirds are also abundant.
Migratory shorebirds are easy to see from a kayak.
Migratory songbirds come through here as they move up and down the Atlantic flyway.
Migratory songbirds eat billions of insects, and they disperse billions of seeds .
Migratory species can also cover tremendous distances.
Migratory species can be part of the program.
Migratory species occupy both breeding and nonbreeding habitats.
Migratory species pose additional difficulties when determining sources of exposure.
Migratory species return to summer in the North.
Many migratory species tend to return to the same breeding grounds year after year.
Migratory waterbirds rely on wetlands for resting, feeding, breeding, or nesting grounds.
Migratory waterbirds use beaver ponds as nesting areas and resting stops during migration.
Migratory waterfowl are wild ducks, geese, brant and coot.
Migratory whales are observable in spring and autumn.
Migratory yellowfin make fewer vertical movements and maintain lower depths than feeding fish.
A mikado is an emperor
Mikado is only family rule the Japan.
Mikado is open year-round for dinner.
Mikado is the first compilation that qualifies as something like a complete opera.
Mikados are emperors.
A mike is a transducer
Mike isa device.
Mikes are nuts.
Mikes are rascally, troublesome guys but are usually nice.
Mikes are stagehands.
Mikes are the essence of good tone.
Mikes asks questions.
Mikes desire sex.
Mikes have (part) sections.
Mikes have kids.
Mikes Plans on selling the album .
Mikes rudder is shown here.
Mikes specializes in hard to find and unique vehicles.
A mikvah is a bath
Every mikvah is like a little sea.
Mil relation is accurate enough to support point blank zero fire.
A milage is distance
Milage depends on group and weather conditions.
Milages below are round-trip.
Milanese design meets Parisian electronica meets London fashion meets Hollywood stars.
Milanese drinks are very original.
Milanese mesh is used to make necklaces and bracelets.
Milanese style is served with saffron risotto and gremolata.
Milbemycin oxime is classified as a macrocyclic anthelmintic.
Mild acanthosis is observed in the surrounding epidermis.
Mild acne can appear as whiteheads and blackheads or even pimples.
Mild acne consists of open and closed comedones and some papules and pustules.
Mild acne requires only surface treatment, such as antibacterial and drying agents.
Mild agitation is necessary during the dilution process.
Mild ale has a predominantly malty palate.
Mild allergic reaction causes symptoms.
Mild anaemia is found in healthy older children and adults, but anemia can be severe in neonates.
Mild anemia are often assymptomatic.
Mild anemia has no symptoms.
Mild anemia is a rare complication.
Mild anxiety increases focusing and concentrating ability.
Some mild arrhythmias require no treatment.
Mild astringents promote the tightening of pores.
Mild attacks cause corky layers or spots.
Mild beer is served at most cafes.
Mild beverages are acceptable.
Mild bloat occurs frequently and repeatedly on alfalfa pasture.
Mild breezes make the lake ideal for sailing and windsurfing.
Mild bronchiolitis is probably a universal finding in young smokers.
Mild cases are more common than previously recognised.
Mild cases are more likely to occur.
Mild cases are similar to a variety of self-limited febrile illnesses.
Mild cases are treated like hemorrhoids, severe cases require surgery.
Mild cases are usually asymptomatic.
Mild cases are usually better left untreated.
Mild cases can go undiagnosed by a vet and, to some extent, unnoticed by the owner.
Mild cases can resolve with rest, while more severe cases require surgery.
Mild cases fail to note the weight of the animal, some omit the length of time of treatment.
Mild cases involve only a few lesions.
Mild cases recover in six to nine months or earlier, the mouth form being the most favorable.
Mild cases require bed rest.
Mild cases respond to physical therapy and physical modalities.
Mild cases show symptoms of only a feeling of fullness in the neck.
Most mild cases are self limiting, and resolve when the other parts of the growing leg catch up.
Most mild cases go unrecognized.
Mild cheese is a good source of protein, as are cottage cheese and yogurt.
Mild cheese is aged two to three months and has delicate flavors with semisoft to firm textures.
Mild cleaners provide safe cleaning action without stripping nutrients and protection.
Mild climate allows outdoor activity and boat trips all year.
Mild climate allows the trails to be enjoyed year-round.
Mild climate enables the surrounding country to grow rare plants and shrubs of both hemispheres.
Mild climate has a long growing season.
Mild climate makes for easy year round access.
Mild colitis can result in depression and anorexia, with or without fever.
Mild concern is just fear, a negative emotion.
Many mild conditions can actually be clear in one week .
Mild cramps are normal.
Mild croup can progress to more severe forms and can threaten breathing.
Mild currents are apparent most of the time.
Mild cyanosis is difficult to detect.
Mild deficiencies are more common.
Mild deficiency is common especially in the elderly and in women premenstrually.
Some mild deficiencies cause infertility.
Mild dehydration affects performance.
Mild dehydration can cause sluggishness, dry and itchy skin, headaches, indigestion, constipation.
Mild dehydration can result in fatigue.
Mild dehydration impairs cognitive functions.
Mild dehydration impairs functions.
Mild dehydration is common and is usually easily reversed by drinking lots of fluids.
Mild dehydration is the most common catalyst.
Mild dehydration is when there is a fluid loss of five percent from the body.
Mild dehydration produces sensation.
Most mild dehydration affects performance.
Most mild dehydration impairs cognitive functions.
Most mild dehydration produces sensation.
Mild depression affects about one in three women and one in six men.
Mild depression associated with low hormone levels and a feeling of loss is usually brief.
Mild depression can act as a ballast.
Mild depression comes and goes and is characterized by downheartedness, sadness, and dejection.
Mild depression is a healthy reaction to many life situationssuch as losses in the short-term.
Mild depression is difficult to gauge.
Mild depression is the most common and can be brought on by both happy and sad events.
Mild depression is the most common and can be brought on by both happy or sad events.
Mild depression lasts about two weeks.
Mild depressions are usually a reaction to a loss of change that is experienced as stressful.
Mild depressions indicate a recession, while severe contractions indicate a depression .
Mild diarrhea can also occur from emotional upset, an alcohol binge, or certain types of foods.
Mild diarrhea is a common side effect.
Mild diarrhea is a fairly common side effect of clarithromycin.
Mild diarrhea is common following xylose ingestion.
Mild diarrhea is common with antibiotic use.
Mild diarrhea is the passage of a few loose or mushy BMs.
Mild diarrhea is the passage of a few loose or mushy bowel movements.
Mild diarrhea is the passage of a few loose or mushy stools.
Mild diarrhoea is common.
Any mild discomfort resolves after a short time.
Mild disease can remain quite stable for long periods of time.
Mild disease is treated by stopping the patient eating and drinking in the mormal way.
Mild dizziness can also occur.
Mild dysplasia means that the hip socket is somewhat shallower or flatter than normal.
Mild earthquake shakes central Iran .
Mild earthquake shakes western Iran .
Mild effects feel like the flu, while severe effects include difficulty breathing and even death.
Mild erythema constitutes the first appearance of pink to the skin.
Mild exercise helps burn off some of the jitters.
Mild exercise impedes glycogen repletion in muscle.
Mild exercise is good to do.
Mild exercise is okay.
Mild exposure can cause irritation to eye, nose and lung tissues.
Mild exposure can result in a slight headache, nausea, vomiting, and fatigue.
Mild exposure is signaled by a sensation of cold, chest pains, diarrhea and vomiting.
Mild exposure produces reversible eye damage if decontaminated instantly.
Mild fever is common.
Mild flashes last less than a minute and produce a feeling of warmth with little or no perspiration.
Mild foam facilitates close, comfortable shaves and smooth skin.
Mild forms are acceptable, if such depictions are done tastefully.
Mild forms are common.
Mild forms tend to improve over time.
Mild formula cleans children s skin without stripping natural oils.
Mild formula cleans children's skin without stripping natural oils.
Mild formula is dermatologist tested for gentleness.
Mild hallucinations are also possible.
Mild heating causes the pores to meld into a solid, permanent structure.
Mild hydrocephalus is noted.
Mild hypertension is associated with increased risk of heart attacks, strokes and so forth.
Mild hypoglycemia occurs in more than half of all patients with diabetes in therapy.
Mild hypoglycemia occurs in more than half of all patients with diabetes who are in therapy.
Mild hypothermia is a potential treatment for acute ischemic stroke.
Mild hypothermia is characterized by controllable shivering.
Mild hypothyroidism causes no symptoms.
Mild hysteria sets in.
Mild illness causes crampy abdominal pain, little or no fever, and semiformed, foul-smelling stools.
Mild illness includes fever and muscle aches and sometimes nausea or diarrhea.
Mild illness includes fever and muscle aches, swollen lymph glands and sometimes a skin rash.
Mild illness is a reason to withhold vaccination.
Mild illnesses can last from one to two weeks, but recovery can take several months in severe cases.
Mild illnesses range from flu and colds to ear infections and asthma.
Mild imperfections are important, too.
Mild infections are usually asymptomatic.
Mild infections can become severe at altitude.
Mild infections resolve without treatment.
Some mild infection causes diarrhea.
Some mild infection causes mild diarrhea.
Mild injuries can also result in microscopic tearing of individual tendon fibers.
Mild jaundice is common.
Mild language is the only real problem.
Mild leptospirosis is treated with doxycycline, ampicillin, or amoxicillin.
Mild leukocytosis correlates with bacterial, fungal, and chlamydial infections.
Mild marinade enhances the natural flavor of chicken.
Mild mixes combine familiar types of leaf lettuce with greens such as mizuna, purslane and chervil.
Mild nausea is the most common symptom.
Mild ones can cause pops and clicks in the audio.
Mild outbreaks are usually self-limiting.
Mild pain is handled with nonnarcotic analgesics like acetaminophen and ibuprofen.
Mild pain is okay, as long as it's during intense sexual arousal when it's experienced as pleasure.
Mild painkillers are effective.
Mild painkillers take care of it.
Mild peppers have a small amount of capsaicin and extra hot ones have a lot of it.
Mild perversity is censored out of the TV series.
Mild phobias appear to respond better to behavior therapy.
Mild poisoning feels like the flu.
Mild preeclampsia develops as borderline hypertension, unresponsive edema, or albuminuria.
Mild profanity appears now and then as well.
Mild proteinuria is also present.
Mild proteinuria seems to have little effect on densometer readings.
Mild rapids follow, and then a calm pool before the river bears left.
Mild rashes respond well to fresh air and a small amount of sunlight.
Mild reaction causes symptoms.
Mild reactions are fairly common.
Mild reactions are quite common to childhood immunizations.
Mild reactions involve skin redness, hives, or itching.
Most mild reaction causes symptoms.
Mild responses involve low teacher control and are non punitive.
Mild retardation can cause serious difficulties in understanding and the ability to function.
Mild scoliosis is barely noticeable.
Mild sedation is used in most cases.
Mild sedation is used, just as for coronary angioplasty.
Some mild seizures pass so quickly that it seems the person is just daydreaming.
Mild shampoos have gels.
Most mild shampoos have gels.
Mild shock can result.
Mild snowfall offers a winter wonderland for children or a romantic weekend for adults.
Mild soaps have less soap or detergent content.
Mild sourness is okay.
Mild spasticity helps reduce the chance of blood clots in the leg.
Mild steel corrodes more readily than wrought iron, but is cheaper and more widely available.
Mild steel has strength.
Mild steel is plastically deformed and then the load is released.
Mild steel is steel with a low percentage of carbon.
Mild steel is steel
Mild steel is steel.
Mild steel is used when the vat itself is used as the anode.
Mild steel leaves a beautiful edge, and stainless steel leaves a chunky, almost gummy edge.
Most mild steel has strength.
Mild strains are common.
Mild stressors increase and severe stressors decrease immune system functioning.
Mild sunburn causes the skin to turn red, but the redness disappears in a few hours or days.
Mild sunburn is a first-degree radiation burn.
Mild sunburn is an example of a first-degree burn.
Mild sunburn is an example.
Mild surface brightening can also occasionally occur.
Mild symptoms are a warning sign to stop exercise, seek a cool area and drink more fluid.
Mild symptoms are generally indistinguishable from an hangover .
Mild symptoms are less likely now to be treated by acute hospitalization than in the past.
Mild symptoms begin as a mild headache, decreased appetite, mild nausea, and malaise.
Mild symptoms can include muscle cramps, stomachache, and headache.
Mild symptoms require only patient education and activity moderation.
Some mild symptoms are caused by allergies.
Some mild symptoms are caused by mold allergies.
Mild tachycardia is the only clinical sign in all uncomplicated situation.
Mild tape marks to sps.
Mild temperatures contribute to a casual campus atmosphere that invites outdoor activities.
Mild temperatures favor infection while higher temperatures hasten the death of infected leaves.
Mild temperatures hurt winter apparel sales, but got spring clothing off to a fast start.
Mild temperatures prevail throughout the year.
Mild temperatures provide the perfect playground for year-round golf and tennis.
Mild thyrotoxicosis can also cause loss of bone mineral, particularly in postmenopausal women.
Mild tics can occur without the patient's awareness.
Mild toxicity resembles ethanol intoxication.
Mild trauma is the usual cause, as the nose is well supplied with blood vessels and bleeds easily.
Mild weakness is noted in the right hamstring and the left gastrocnemius muscle.
Some mild wear is present on the print, but it is quite viewable.
Mild weather allows more grasshopper larvae to survive to adulthood.
Mild weather benefits cash crops such as cherries, grasses, barley, mint, etc.
Mild weather can turn fierce and dangerous within minutes on Mount Everest.
Mild weather continues.
Mild weather has some bears out of their dens and visible.
Mild weather means more breeding.
Mild weather means the migration of waterfowl has yet to hit high gear.
Mild weather turns bad at dusk, rain - then sleet followed by violent winds.
Mild winter means earlier breeding.
Mild winters can result in higher beetle numbers.
Mild winters make riding in the Ozarks a real treat.
Mild winters make ticks a year round threat.
Mild winters provide more plentiful food, as well as decreased stress from the elements.
Mild winters reduce snow cover, thus diminish spring run-off, exacerbating subsequent droughts.
Mildew can be a problem on susceptible varieties.
Mildew can be a problem.
Mildew can be a real predicament in baths, kitchen, laundry rooms, damp closets and basements.
Mildew can be a real problem on pumpkins.
Mildew can be black or white in color.
Mildew covers the patio furniture, and the pool is rusted over.
Mildew does best when the temperature is cool and relative humidity is high.
Mildew grows best in a moist, dark, warm environment.
Mildew grows in areas of high humidity and the damage is unreversible.
Mildew grows in cool, moist, stagnant air.
Mildew grows more quickly on exterior alkyd flat paint than on semi-gloss or gloss enamels.
Mildew grows when it is warm, moist and dark.
Mildew indicates moisture problems whether wood, aluminum, vinyl, etc.
Mildew is decay
Mildew is funguses.
Mildew is located in basements.
Mildew is spoilage.
Mildew likes warm days, cool nights, and lots of humidity or rainfall.
Mildew loves moist, still air.
Mildew manifests itself as patches of black spots.
Mildew occurs most often on old foliage of declining plants.
Mildew requires moisture, darkness and warmth to grow.
Mildew spreads through books like the plague and presents a serious health risk to some people.
Mildew stains carpets and standing water fills some doorways.
Mildew tends to build up following extended use of captan sprays.
Mildews are common in wet weather.
Mildews can affect the plant.
Mildew often follows dirt, and the combination is difficult to wash off a building.
Some mildew is present in a few areas on the envelope.
Mile markers are up and a map is posted at the start.
Mile markers begin here.
Mile markers guide the way for walks of unparalleled peace and scenic beauty.
Mile markers seem to come up quickly, but the pace is slow.
Miles of aisles await in the antique malls and shops of Cadiz.
A mile is a linear measure
Mile are from one sellers neither pack cheap tent.
Mile are from one sellers neither pack goretex fabric.
Mile are from one sellers neither pack salomon hiking boots.
Mile are from one sellers neither pack the north face mountain jacket.
Mile descend Journey into either exception over no cent.
Mile has at a bow either accepting shade plants.
Mile help Readers toward beginning at some walking shoes once greet to none radio.
Mile is a riveting, well-paced, magical gift full of delicious twists and turns.
Mile isa unit.
Mile suggest Decisions along cream on an atomic ski or stated since none television.
Mile suggest Decisions along cream on an lawn bocce or stated since none television.
Mile suggest Decisions along cream on an missouri tigers apparel or stated since none television.
Mile suggest Decisions along cream on an water filter purifications or stated since none television.
Mile swear with one sellers neither are duffel bags.
Mile swear with one sellers neither are fishing rod holder.
Mile swear with one sellers neither are the north face mountain jacket.
Mile swear with one sellers neither are The north face mountain jacket.
Miles accumulate every week.
Miles already has the draft jargon down.
Miles also accompanies on less serious matters.
Miles also offers a full catering service for every occasion.
Miles are essentially a synonym for hard work.
Miles are minutes in rural Iowa, and sometimes it can mean the difference between life and death.
Miles are part of leagues.
Miles are seconds, and on the Internet every second counts.
Miles are self-administered and totals are shown below.
Miles are so much more genteel than cold cash.
Miles are used to measure how far away something is or how long it is.
Miles atestiguan a el .
Miles be in the Western Conference than be playing for their rival.
Miles can sometimes slide past at a snail's pace.
Miles continue to accumulate as long as an individual remains a current AERC member.
Miles count from customer pickup.
Miles driven are up by one third.
Miles earned are for paid, qualifying flights only.
Miles earning rate can vary by airline.
Miles Enter the number of miles traveled.
Miles fly by under foot and tire.
Miles gloriosus et fortis et superbus sum.
Miles graphs miles generates graphs based on highway mileage data between North American cities.
Miles have (part) half miles.
Miles have (part) quarter miles.
Miles have (part) rods.
Miles have no cash value.
Miles knows little.
Miles make champions.
Miles mean less on a vehicle that has been driven predominantly on the highway.
Miles mean nothing when good food is waiting at the end.
Miles pass in pleasant conversation.
Miles playing achieves a piercing precision here.
Miles redux, an excursion into funk and other consciousness.
Miles run per week and high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in healthy, middle-aged men.
Miles then places the contract on the body.
Miles vary, according to trail taken.
All miles are approximate driving times, depending on weather, traffic and road construction.
All miles are highway miles.
All miles count.
Every mile brings new beauty.
Every mile counts.
Every mile doubles the speed traveled the mile before.
Every mile is different.
Every mile is marked and all turns are marked and monitored.
Every mile is two in winter.
Many miles are accessable only by foot along the beach.
Many miles are available for adoption.
Many miles are available for horseriders.
Many miles are open for public exploring including a lighted cave at park headquarters.
More miles melt quickly and easily.
Most miles are off-trail.
Most miles are over rural roads.
A mileage is distance
Mileage alone is a poor indicator or poor shocks.
Mileage caps on when they rotate frontline patrol vehicles.
Mileage carries over month to month accumulating for larger awards.
Mileage determines when chains are replaced.
Mileage does include the return trip.
Mileage Earned Never Expires.
Mileage follows the first two factors.
Mileage improves with speed up to a point, but air resistance increases with speed squared .
Mileage increases north and east.
Mileage is also to be recorded from point to point.
Mileage is approximate .
Mileage is approximate.
Mileage is available on on the charges is available to corporate cardholders.
Mileage is awarded after travel is completed.
Mileage is awarded on a per sty basis.
Mileage is awarded on a per-stay basis.
Mileage is awarded only when direct payment is made to the hotel upon check-out.
Mileage is better on a bike, no doubt, but it's only part of the story.
Mileage is calculated from our office and back to our office.
Mileage is calculated from the center of the juror's zip code.
Mileage is calculated on the average daily balance and posted monthly.
Mileage is charged on out of town pick-ups.
Mileage is charged.
Mileage is city, then highway, then combined.
Mileage is claimed from the center of one city to the center of the city visited.
Mileage is compensated.
Mileage is computed from city to city as charted in the Florida state map.
Mileage is computed from the individual's normal place of business.
Mileage is credited to the member whose name appears on the bill, for the hotel stay or car rental.
Mileage is determined by using official state highway maps.
Mileage is determined primarily by driving habits.
Mileage is estimated.
Mileage is figured on roundtrip distance totals.
Mileage is given and keeps accumulating.
Mileage is given in hundredths.
Mileage is kept short but some uphill stretches are necessary.
Mileage is limited.
Mileage is measured clockwise.
Mileage is measured from the closer of duty station or point of departure to destination and return.
Mileage is measured from the employee s home to the destination and return.
Mileage is measured one way, unless otherwise indicated.
Mileage is only one part of that complicated equation.
Mileage is only one way.
Mileage is paid according to the prevailing state rate.
Mileage is paid for all job-related travel.
Mileage is paid for transporting consumers.
Mileage is paid on Oklahoma state map distances with allowances for local travel.
Mileage is paid.
Mileage is payable only to the owner of the automobile.
Mileage is payable only to the owner or lessee of the vehicle.
Mileage is recorded on an approved district mileage form.
Mileage is reimbursable.
Mileage is reimburseable.
Mileage is reimbursed and insurance provided.
Mileage is reimbursed at a predetermined rate.
Mileage is reimbursed at the current rate approved for university travel.
Mileage is reimbursed in addition to salary.
Mileage is reimbursed to and from mobile blood drives.
Mileage is reimbursed.
Mileage is set at twenty-five cents per kilometre.
Mileage is shown in interstate highway miles.
Mileage is specified either as tables or route maps.
Mileage is specified of tracks, cables, canals, pipelines, or routes travelled.
Mileage is the distance of the most direct route from the old residence to the new residence.
Mileage is the key.
Mileage is the most important thing a used car buyer looks at, next to price.
Mileage is the sum of the total miles driven divided by the amount of fuel used.
Mileage is to an entrance of Death Valley.
Mileage is typically high.
Mileage is unlimited.
Mileage is usually unlimited.
Mileage is via the shortest, most direct route.
Mileage isa distance.
Mileage ranges from approx.
Mileage starts there, even for a party in Manila.
Mileage varies by provider, speed package, and distance from the local telco switch.
Mileage varies from user to user.
Mileage varies on the definition of light rail.
Mileage varies, however.
Mileage varies, of course.
Mileages appear in red.
Mileages are approximate.
Mileages are distance.
Mileages are for dirt only.
Mileages are measurements.
Mileages are ratios.
Mileages reflect the shortest distances to the park.
Mileages tend to be fairly short.
All mileage is based on the quickest route between each site.
All mileage is included in some record in the database.
All mileage listed in the directions is approximate.
All mileages above are estimates, after the fact, from maps.
All mileages are approximate.
All mileages are for the aircraft itself.
All mileages are one-way unless identified as a loop trail.
All mileages below are cumulative from the trailhead and all altitudes are from the topo map .
Most mileage is afforded from silly argumentative ideas.
A milepost is a mark
Mileposts are on the southbound side.
Mileposts contain backgrounds for people to download.
Milesian school see Ionian school .
Milestone events take places.
A milestone is a mark
Milestone also offers graduation products and gifts.
Milestone are due on the dates indicated.
Milestone backs start-up companies with exceptional management teams.
Milestone based funding naturally stresses outcomes.
Milestone builds are also stable builds.
Milestone is a reflection of their passion and commitment.
Milestone is a traditional venture capital partnership.
Milestone isa occasion.
Milestone offers graduation products from fine quality regalia to custom graduation announcements.
Milestone s Get hep to the jive.
Milestones abounds with excellent solos and rhythm section work.
Milestones also are a good source for story ideas.
Milestones are actually activities integral to the curriculum.
Milestones are by design reasonably ambitious targets for improvement within a specified time frame.
Milestones are dates and schedules.
Milestones are due throughout the semester.
Milestones are essential as prerequisite stepping stones to each new level of maturity.
Milestones are events.
Milestones are forward-looking, while status codes only focus on what's happening today.
Milestones are many for both sides of the business.
Milestones are markers.
Milestones are the results of work done on previous nightlies.
Milestones can measure large projects, or single activities.
Milestones does that very well.
Milestones has the ability to accommodate up to sixteen residents in private and semi-private rooms.
Milestones have an explicit due date.
Milestones is a continuing effort to chronicle the events, people and places of the cable industry.
Milestones is a seminal album that helped shape jazz history.
Milestones reduce risk by compartmentalizing the project.
Milestones represent a job's key phases or steps.
Milestones See what accomplishments have been made and goals for the future.
Milestones seeks to make that motivation, or 'subtext,' the text.
Milestones show the number of the route as well as the distance to the next town.
Milestones usually coincide with completion of activity.
Every milestone deserves a no-blame postmortem.
More milestones are just ahead.
Some milestones indicate status.
A milfoil is a herb
Milfoil spreads primarily through cuttings.
Milial lesions disappear in a few days without leaving any scars.
Miliary calcification is uncommon.
Miliary dermatitis is an irritating and uncomfortable condition for a cat.
Miliary lesions vary from one to four mms and are fairly discrete.
Miliary tuberculosis is more amenable to streptomycin treatment than meningitis.
Miliary tuberculosis is the radiographic manifestation of hematogenously disseminated infection.
Miliary tuberculosis is tuberculosis
A milieu is an environment
Every milieu is coded, a code being defined by periodic repetition.
Militancy becomes loathsome when it is exercised in-judicially against innocent people.
Militancy is aggressiveness
Militant action is always a trade-off.
Militant desegregation continues.
Militant factions form allies and consensus among the population to declare their empires.
Militant group attacks an off-worlder installation.
Militant groups say that Birmingham is a key focus for their recruitment drive.
Militant groups travel by taxi.
Some militant groups use religion as a rationale.
Militant homosexuals pursue approval, acceptance and preferential legal treatment.
Militant insects occupy vast forests with artillery and air-support.
Militant nationalism hopes to achieve the same objective by show of strength.
Militant posters show proud men and women wearing traditional costume.
Militant protests target Britain.
Militant strategies are primitive and short-sighted.
A militant is a person
Militants appear to have detonated the landmine by remote control.
Militants are extremists.
Militants are killed by soldiers across borders and vice versa.
Militants are organizations.
Militants are reformers.
Militants blowing up the local post office is unlikely.
Militants embrace the e-advantage.
Militants equate literacy with national reconstruction.
Militants have flung grenades at the offices and houses of journalists.
Militants now have access to more sophisticated weapons.
Militants point the way.
Militants reportedly claim responsibility for death.
Militants routinely threaten judges, witnesses, and the families of defendants.
Militants usually fire rockets and grenades toward the stadium to disrupt the celebrations.
Most militants are sexually active and take pains to bide the affairs for fear of alienating people.
Militarisation channels social or personal frustration into violence.
Militarisation concedes power and influence to arms traders.
Militarisation confers social status for military prowess.
Militarisation excludes or obstructs efforts to try non-military methods.
Militarisation inclines people to resort to violence more readily instead of discussion.
Militarisation is an extreme form of patriarchy.
Militarisation is an integral part of the neoliberal agenda.
Militarisation is social control
Militarisation protects soldiers from prosecution for criminal actions.
Militarisation strengthens authoritarianism and reduces transparency.
Militarisation subordinates civil rights to military needs.
A militarism is ideology
Militarism consumes the strongest and most productive elements of each nation.
Militarism enjoys little support.
Militarism instills a conservative attitude toward life that children then carry into the community.
Militarism is a value system that stresses the superiority of some people over others.
Militarism is an extraordinarily harmful ideology and is so prevalent it often goes unchallenged.
Militarism is another earmark of fascism.
Militarism is impoverishment and maiming both the Earth and humanity.
Militarism is one of the most important reasons to overthrow capitalism.
Militarism is our government s addiction to war and to the perpetuation of war-making technology.
Militarism is predicated upon brute aggression and the violation of human rights.
Militarism is related to militarization.
Militarism is the result of bad administration, chaos, and external threats on a government.
Militarism is the second cause according to the article above, which comes after the nationalism.
Militarism leads to military domination, military despotism.
Militarism means a gigantic expenditure, daily growing.
Militarism skews all our options.
Militarism swallows the largest part of the national revenue.
All militarism is but the expression of capitalism embodied in force.
Militaristic terminology can slip in as trade discussions proceed.
Militarization exacts an enormous human cost.
Militarization is a subtle process and military values are pervasive.
Militarization is social control
Militarized conflicts are more complex and more costly to deal with.
A military academy is an academy
Military academies are academies.
Military academies are highly competitive, but they're tuition free for students who are admitted.
Military academies encourage blind patriotism.
Military academies grow in importance.
Military academies teach that war is the continuation of politics by other means.
A military action is a group action
Military action carries with it enormous risk.
Military action is an apparent exception.
Military action is dictated by politics and politicians.
Military action is needed clear rebels and others from the mining areas.
Military action is only for the unavoidable.
Military action is probably futile, but our European allies have all but written Algeria off.
Military action is the last straw and it has finally come to that.
Military action is used to accomplish political goals.
Military action offers an immediate response option but few lucrative targets.
Military action tends to silence internal opposition to the regime against which it is directed.
Military actions are group actions.
Military actions cause more military actions, but there are no visible alternatives.
Every military action needs to have a defined, realistic and significant objective.
Many military actions are called police actions .
Many military actions are called police actions.
Military activities preclude access by the public except with special permission.
Military activity destroys life, wreaks havoc on the environment and depletes resources.
Military adjustment includes all aspects of a transformation of military activities to civilian use.
Military advantage is probably the ultimate measure of effectiveness.
Military advantage lies in riding the technology curve.
Military adventures are a psychological, economic and political boon for ailing economies.
Military advertising hides the truth.
Military aggression requires military response.
Military aid enables the military to wage war.
Military aid is clearly the most sensitive form of aid flowing to Colombia.
Military aid is likely to increase already-widespread human rights violations in Colombia.
Military aid is what keeps our country strong.
Military aid supports the military, only one of the sides in the conflict there.
More military aid is one possibility.
Military aim is the specific target to decide how to use military mean with attack or defense .
Military aim is the specific target to decide how to use military mean with attack or defense.
Military aircraft are subject at all times, first and foremost, to DoD mission response.
Military aircraft are the major producer of sonic booms.
Military aircraft fly hundreds of missions.
Military aircraft form the backbone for both our national defense and projection of power.
Military aircraft have special rules which apply.
Military aircraft is another explanation.
Military aircrafts are aircrafts.
Most military aircraft have additional maneuverability requirements.
Military airplanes carry out daily and nightly flights at different times.
Military airports are any active military facility used to operate aircraft.
Military alliance is a big word.
Military analysts say no.
Military analysts say that makes the carriers a tempting target for budget-cutters.
Military analysts say the fire has significantly depleted the Indian army's reserves of ammunition.
Military analysts say the mujahedin know the country's rugged terrain better than anyone.
Some military analysts fear that is still true.
Military anarchy can be a direct consequence of a bigger greed from the troops.
Military applications are a potentially huge market.
Military applications are also possible .
Military applications are also prevalent.
Military applications are possible under a co-production arrangement.
Military approval is required on siting, design, and construction of civil facilities.
Military attacks are just the beginning.
Military background is desirable.
Military background is preferred.
A military band is a band
Military band plays.
Military bands are bands.
Military bands entertain on the balcony.
Military bands entertain on the lawn.
Military bands perform during an inaugural ceremony.
Military bands provide no useful ability to conduct the military mission.
Military bands use a portable form with a lyre-shaped frame, called a bell lyre.
Military bands wear spats and hose-tops in lieu of full hose.
Military bases are below dams.
Military bases employ HBAs to help beneficiaries with questions about benefits and claims filing.
Military bases have their own pest control units and strategic termite plans.
Military bases require training for use of motorcycles on base.
Most military bases have health clinics or hospitals for their troops.
Most military bases have their own natural resources staff.
Military batteries have replaceable elements that are pulled out and new ones are inserted.
Military bombing range north and south of area is closed to entry.
Military bombing range north of area is closed to entry.
Military branches offer lucrative signing bonuses throughout the year for select career fields.
All military branches have programs here.
Some military branches stress physical fitness more than others.
Military brass says it's an issue of resources.
Military budget needs to be made visible to people in their living rooms.
Military buildup combined with propaganda constitutes the current policy.
Military bullets have full metal jackets around the lead core.
Many military bunkers used during World War II are visible along the cliffs.
Military business is the backbone of the economy in Hampton Roads.
Military butchers join troops to assist with mass cull.
Most military camps require that campers wear a uniform, usually included with tuition.
A military campaign is an operation
Military campaigns center on france and Belgium in W Europe.
Military caps are instantaneous.
Military capability is a necessary entree for international engagement.
Military capability is capability
Military capability suffers if signals change too frequently. . . .
Military capitulation is the only alternative.
Military careers are also available.
Military careers are both interesting and challenging.
Military cargo is always unloaded under high security conditions.
Military cases are often thicker than commercial ones, and have less case capacity.
Military certification is available.
Military chapels have an application process to reserve chapels.
Military chaplaincy is a much honoured and needed vocation.
Military children can also use the gateway for job searches.
Military children can test their writing skills and win a computer.
Military children have a much higher migration rate than do civilian children.
Military childcare is ranked the best in the country.
Military clerkships are an example of externships.
Military coercion occurs both in and out of combat.
Military coins are a time honored tradition.
Military combat involves deadly interaction between military forces.
Military combat is normally episodic.
Military combat is the active agent the cutting edge of warfare.
Military command hopes to float such barges as mid-Atlantic airfields.
Military command is unique.
Military commanders are responsible for search and rescue as it pertains to their own forces.
Military commanders can also send two or three cruise missiles to destroy a target.
Military commanders enjoy wide discretion when it comes to medals.
Military commanders know that they are indispensable.
Military commitments are secondary to relatively menial police duties and social work.
Any military commitment is considered a valid reason to reschedule a match.
Military communities pay significantly more to dispose of unsorted refuse.
Military companies can claim success in achieving immediate strategic objectives.
Many military companies operate in the city.
Military competence is an eminently political requirement.
Military competition is universal, and China was no pacifist empire either.
Military complexes are state planned organizations.
Military concentration is essential.
Military conflict ends.
Military conquest does nothing to advance our freedom and often has the opposite result.
Military conquest is still possible, to take over resources, factories, or transportation systems.
Military conscription is a form of involuntary servitude.
Military conscription is another such idea.
Military conscription is contrary to human and civil rights.
Military conscription is forbidden.
Military conservatism reveals itself no less in the matter of rations than in any other question.
Military constitution has to be in place to keep government secular.
Military contacts are very important for Polish-Danish relations.
Military contracts can be for gasoline, buttons, etc.
Military contractors have an interest in promoting security concerns.
Military convoys take precedence, followed by civilian vehicles and buses.
Military costs are extremely high.
Military coups are always imminent.
All military courses have regulations and restrictions.
A military court is a court
Military courts are an arm of the executive branch.
Military courts are courts.
Military courts are somewhat different from their civilian counterparts.
Military courts function in both military and civilian cases when the constitution is suspended.
Military courts possess special jurisdiction in matters of national security.
Military courts try military personnel charged with extrajudicial killings.
Military courts try only cases of a military nature.
Military courtesy extends to the classroom.
Military coverage is limited to medical services performed at a military base hospital.
Military credit is unlimited.
Military credits transfer as a block of elective hours.
Military crime is a military crime.
Military crises have solutions.
Military culture serves a very real purpose.
Some military cultures reject the past as having no relevance to the future of war.
Military custom allows the ground crews to come up with the name and design.
Military customers can even order online.
Military cutbacks are also likely to increase the number of potential students.
Military dates are also Ok, but they are in reverse order.
Military defeats are always controversial subjects, especially when loss of human life is involved.
Military dependents are anything but dependent.
Military dependents stationed in Pennsylvania are eligible.
Military despotism carries off over a third of the population into slavery.
Military development begins the first summer.
Military disability is excluded from the discount.
Military discharges contain extensive personal, as well as to military and discharge information.
Military discipline involves submission on the part of inferior, and authority on that of superior.
Military discipline is an important part of the boot camp experience.
Military discipline is established from the first moment.
Military discipline is external.
Military discounts are available at some places, but can be withdrawn without warning.
Military discounts are available.
Military displays are a proud tradition.
Military districts are geographical entities, but are also a level of command.
Military doctrine is always easier to define when a country has an identifiable enemy.
Military duty calls.
Military education gives our airmen the ability to think critically.
Military effectiveness is a matter of leaders and tactics.
Military effectiveness is founded on traditions of conformity and unit cohesion.
A military engineer is an engineer
Military engineers are assign operations.
Military engineers handle explosives and arrange intentional explosions during the wartime .
Military engineers handle explosives and arrange intentional explosions during the wartime.
Military engineers have better access to government-sponsored graduate education.
Most military engineers are assign operations.
Military enthusiasts are concerned about losing the battle stories.
Military entomologists work for various branches of the armed forces.
Military environment includes criteria of the situation at military installations.
Military equipment is widespread, significant and increasing.
Military escalation is inevitable.
Military ethics is, like ethical standards for other professions, applied ethics.
Military exercises take place between our armed forces.
Military expenditure is an input measure.
Military expenditure is low compared to other countries in the region.
Military expenditures provide a case in point.
Military expenditures vary considerably among nations.
All military expenditure requires parliamentary authority through the annual financial approvals.
Military experience is a plus.
Military experience is also helpful.
Military experience is no panacea to police recruiting for the new role.
Military experience is very helpful.
Military experience is viewed as excellent preparation for becoming a correctional officer.
Military experts agree.
Military experts are available, too.
Military experts concur that the long-overdue reform package is making a difference.
Military experts differ on how close the country is to full-scale war.
Some military experts examine heritage.
Some military experts tend to dismiss the Russian threat.
All military facilities are, by definition, potential targets.
Military families are among our most precious national assets.
Military families are inherently mobile, making it difficult for the children to keep friends.
Military families are just one casualty of trying to function with almost no government at all.
Military families are young, move frequently and often long distances.
Military families can access services as a family unit, individually, or in groups.
Military families can stay there while family members are being treated.
Military families face many issues, even beyond housing.
Military families give up much of their personal lives to serve our nation.
Military families have as much viability as civilians when it comes to parenting adopted children.
Many military families have a member who requires special care.
Some military families are so poor that they qualify for food stamps.
Military fiction occupies a couple of shelves.
A military force is an unit
Military force continues to be relevant for a wide range of tasks.
Military force describes the effectiveness of the military unit.
Military force is never a tool to be used lightly or universally.
Military force is never a tool to be used lightly, or universally.
Military force is sometimes necessary to overcome evil.
Military force is still central to the imperialist project, in some ways more than ever.
Military force is the ultimate method any government has for controlling opponents of the state.
Military force remains the preferred means of addressing international conflict.
Military force serves only as a short-term solution.
Military forces are a means to an end.
Military forces are nessecary to be able to stop the fighting and stabilize the situation.
Military forces complete withdrawal behind cease fire lines.
Military forces defend only until they gain sufficient strength to attack.
Military forces defend until they gain sufficient strength to attack.
Military forces employ authentication procedures to confirm the authenticity of messages.
Military forces engage in an expanding number of peacekeeping operations.
Military forces have no obligation to try to capture or wound, rather than kill, an enemy.
Military forces prepare for the ever changing threat of war and adopt measures in preparation.
Military forces use a diverse range of aircraft to fulfil defence related functions.
A military formation is a formation
Military formations salute upon command of the person in charge.
Military fuels use a lubricity additive to guard against the possibility of low-lubricity fuels.
Military grade components throughout the console ensure the longest possible working life.
Military grants comprise a small portion of Kentucky land patents.
Military habits die hard.
Military hardware abounds with tanks, jetfighters and other weapons scattered throughout the images.
Military hardware remains Russia's biggest export to China.
Military helicopters continue to circle overhead.
Military help is sent from the USA and the Soviet Union to protect Kuwait from Iranian attacks.
Military heroes can oppose the flag amendment.
Military heroism is also inconsistent with the better impulse of man's nature.
Military historians regard the Tet offensive as a defeat for North Vietnam.
Some military historians consider it the South's greatest victory.
Military history abounds in such examples.
Military history can be about self-aware encounters with the reality of human nature.
Military history is a treasure chest where untold narratives are stored.
Military history is as much about politics as it is about battles and campaigns.
Military history is by far the best-selling genre of historical writing.
Military history is full of painful insight about the end states of war.
Military history is ignored.
Military history is more than just numbers, casualties, and body counts.
Military history is similarly well-known.
Military History Learn more about battles, armies, strategies, maps and more.
Military history pierces the philosophical fog that often surrounds the other humanities.
Military hospitals treat members of the armed forces and their families.
Military housing is so drab, so it definately livens things up.
Much military housing is old and rundown and needs to be replaced.
Military identification is required at time of purchase.
Military identification is required.
Military incumbency is required by law.
Military industrialisation is certain to continue and develop in the near future.
Military influences appear with buttons, double breasted jackets and trim.
Military insiders point to simulation training.
Military installation is a facility
Military installation is facilities.
Military installations can also impact the surrounding environmental conditions.
Every military installation needs support.
Many military installations are near refugee camps, schools and health facilities.
Most military installations don t have watchtowers to locate possible fire spots.
Military institutions continue to use Italian only.
Military intelligence believe the Palestinian leader is firmly in control.
Military intelligence can often mean the difference between victory and defeat in wartime.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military intelligence is a contradiction of terms.
Military intelligence is a contridiction.
Military intelligence is also part of the talent pool as is a cryptologist and a fueler.
Military intelligence is an oxymoron.
Military intelligence is discussed in Chapter Six.
Military intelligence is government agencies.
Military intelligence is information
Military intelligence is information.
Military intelligence is intelligence.
Military intelligence is peppered with graduates of top colleges from around the country.
Military intervention aims to establish protected zones and ensure the safe delivery of aid.
Military intervention is appropriate when the conflicting parties consent to it.
Military intervention is equivalent to a declaration of war.
Military intervention is necessary, to establish democratic conditions and the rule of law.
Military interventions means extinction of all provincial autonomy.
Military investigators conduct systematic and impartial investigations to uncover the truth.
Military investments are poor investments for emerging markets.
Military items are received from the military, college items come from the college.
Military items are sent by the military, college items come from the colleges.
Military jets are many times louder than commercial jets.
Military jets fly over.
Some military jets can fly around the world in less than a day.
Most military jobs are in areas which account for only a small percentage of civilian jobs.
Most military judges have prior experience as military lawyers.
Military jurisdiction is suspended except in time of war.
Military justice applies to civilians only during a state of war or insurrection.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Military kids do move around a lot but the schools share a common curriculum which helps.
More military kids live with two parents instead of one.
Military kilts have no fringe on front apron.
Military labors search through a forest.
A military law is a law
Military law makes adultery an equally punishable offense.
Military laws provide generous protections to defendants before a case goes to trial.
Military lawyers are also responsible for reviewing proposed weapons systems.
A military leader is a leader
Military leaders appear more aware of the danger of deploying forces domestically.
Military leaders are leaders.
Military leaders are workers.
Military leaders can spend their budget as they see fit.
Military leaders claim DNA can be used to identify the dead.
Military leaders decide how to use the tool to accomplish their mission.
Military leaders fear disclosure of their secret weapon before it can be outfitted for battle.
Military leaders learn skills.
Military leaders learn survival skills.
Military leaders manage operations.
Military leaders retain an informal but influential role in internal politics.
Most military leaders have a learning curve.
Most military leaders learn skills.
Most military leaders learn survival skills.
Most military leaders manage operations.
Some military leaders submit letters.
Military leadership wants to retain trained personnel.
Military leave continues throughout the period of active duty.
Military leave is chargeable on a calendar day basis.
Military leave is granted in addition to annual vacation.
Military leave is granted without salary.
Military leave is intended to be in addition to any annual vacation.
Military leave is provided pursuant to regulation.
Military life can be difficult at times.
Military life can be difficult for all involved.
Military life can be rewarding, challenging, exciting and stressful.
Military life has many stresses that affect the home life and morale of our soldiers.
Military life imposes unique demands on families.
Military life is communal.
Military life is fundamentally different from civilian life in that- a.
Military life is inherently lonely, regardless of sexuality.
Military life is much more regimented than civilian life.
Military life is often unpredictable for both soldiers and families.
Military life is servitude, and punishment is inflicted liberally.
Military life is very active.
Military macaws occupy areas.
Most military macaws occupy areas.
Some military macaws feed on seeds.
A military man is a skilled worker
Military men are everywhere and it is very dangerous right now.
Military men are still in power across a broad swath of Africa from Niger to Burundi.
Military men give birth to wonderful explosions.
Military men have a sense of fellowship with others who have served.
Military men have their roots in the public.
Military men know death, since it is part of their trade.
Military men learn to assess reality according to what can be solved in practical terms.
Military men look after military crises.
Military men love rumors as much as the next guy.
Military men tend to see the defeat in Vietnam as having been caused by American civilians.
Many military men see the first course of action as a sufficient response to the challenge.
Some military men have technology.
Military mandarins wear the same costume as the civil, except for the hat.
Military maneuvers can be on land or sea.
Military matters are important here.
Military medicine constitutes a unique body of knowledge.
Military medicine is faced with three competing imperatives.
Military medicine is often on the cutting edge of new technology and research.
Military members are as computer-literate as anyone else, maybe more so.
Military members are in the public eye.
Military members are liable for family members' bad checks.
Military members are subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Military members are tax-paying, gainfully employed, consumers.
Military members can have their tax returns prepared by trained volunteers free of charge.
Military members can store their goods for the duration of their current orders.
Military members recognize employers for supportive employment practices and policies.
Military members serve as leaders, teachers and mentors to their peers while at sea or on shore.
Military members volunteer their time in a wide variety of activities.
Every military member has a personal war story.
Many military members face the additional challenge of doing their taxes overseas.
Many military members look at a tour in Korea as a time to work toward that next promotion.
Military memorabilia features everything from the Civil War to Desert Storm.
Military memorabilia is highly collectible too.
A military mission is an operation
Military missions are often dependent on favorable weather conditions.
Some military moms ask candidates.
Military money is always an influence.
Military monuments are everywhere in Halifax.
Military morale depends on group identity, usually defined against an external enemy.
Military moves is one of our specialities.
Military museum features collection of Civil War relics and exhibits from all wars.
Military music comes from loudspeakers strategically placed along the square.
Military music entertains from the lively fiddles of the off-duty soldiers and their friends.
Military music is a march
Military music is provided by a military band.
All military musicians have to audition prior to enlisting.
Military nationalism sounds like 'gunboat diplomacy' .
Military necessity requires immediate work on a vessel.
Military notations are on markers at foot of graves unless otherwise noted.
Some military objectives are obvious, such as logistics capability.
Military observers believe the resolution is one-meter.
Military occupations are military operations.
Most military occupations are directly transferable to the civilian work world.
Most military occupations require the ability to use and understand computer systems.
Military offences are, for example, insubordination or desertion.
Military offensives fade away during the rainy season, when it is difficult to transport troops.
A military officer is a man
Military officers achieve power.
Military officers are fantastic at the art of obfuscation.
Military officers are officers.
Military officers are servicemans.
Military officers fill positions.
Military officers have every right to their own political views.
Military officers implicated in human rights crimes enjoy almost total impunity in Colombia today.
Military officers spend hundreds of millions of dollars without any accounting .
Military officers stand next to a submarine.
Every military officer knows and abides by the fact that orders come from the elected officials.
Every military officer takes that same oath.
Most military officers achieve power.
Most military officers fill positions.
Some military officers act as administrative assistants.
Some military officers act as assistants.
Some military officers play roles.
Military officials admit they have evidence of UFOs, to see the video and read major press coverage.
Military officials are reluctant to go into much detail about the remains they recover.
Military officials are workers.
Military officials bridle at accusations they are hiding something.
Military officials contend the problems are in the past.
Military officials drop gas bombs on the civilians, and they try to retaliate by throwing rocks.
Military officials have limited experience in handling cases involving civilians accused of crimes.
Military officials refuse to disclose what that device was or where it was developed.
Military officials resent governmental plans to prosecute soldiers for human rights abuses.
Military officials say an enquiry is to be held into the conduct of the war effort.
Military officials say both sides are suffering heavy casualties.
Military officials say no Gulf War vaccines contained squalene.
Military officials say that has created a problem.
Military officials say the closure was due to remodeling.
Military officials say the plane had been mistaken for a drug-running aircraft.
Military officials say the service member recovered, with no long-term effects.
Military officials say they have no record of such authorization.
Military officials see hopeful signs.
Military officials vow to end the rebellion in two days.
Some military officials claim the mass grave sites are victims of past earthquakes.
A military operation is an activity
Military operations are a lot like a sports event.
Military operations are map and graphic intensive.
Military operations are very very different from police operations.
Military operations continue no matter how long it takes.
Military operations depend increasingly on information dominance.
Military operations encourage the extremists.
Military operations have a unique challenge in mountainous terrain.
Military operations have unique challenges in a desert environment.
Military operations occur in peace and war.
Military operations take places.
Most military operations take places.
Some military operations affect tortoises.
Some military operations kill leaders.
Military order exercises.
Military order is ordering.
Military orders are valid of date of availability is under three years.
Military orders have also to be announced.
Military organizations are organizations.
Military organizations have priority use.
Military organizations require the sacrifice of the individual for the good of society.
Military organizations use doctrine to guide their preparations for war.
Many military organizations use bunk beds .
Many military organizations use bunk beds.
Military overflights affect sandhill cranes, bald eagles, ducks, geese, and American white pelicans.
Military overflights are infrequent.
Military packaging is also available.
Military parades are great, they are also inspirational.
Military pay is an oxymoron.
Military pensions are exempt from Illinois income taxation.
Military people are mostly dedicated professionals who care about their service to their country.
Military people are still easy targets for discrimination, particularly when nobody's at war.
Military people are survivors.
Military people believe in truth, courage, hard work, sacrifice, honor, character.
Military people can be very ingenious, though.
Military people do it too.
Military people have great difficulties with provision and a place to live.
Military people possess a strong sense of discipline that is matched only by their work ethic.
Military people receive orders rather than job opportunities, and they often move frequently.
Military people understand dedication.
Military people wear camouflage face paint when having sex.
Many military people go into civilian law enforcement.
Many military people resent the social engineering that is being pushed down their throats.
More military people are married today than ever before in the history of the armed forces.
Most military people are married, a fact that has been proven to be key to readiness.
Military persons living in North Dakota qualify.
A military personnel is a personnel
Military personnel are afraid to act in a ready, or timely, fashion.
Military personnel are busy people.
Military personnel are citizens in uniforms.
Military personnel are court-martialed for lying during investigations.
Military personnel are eligible for guaranteed loans, even in cases of no credit.
Military personnel are eligible to qualify for resident fees.
Military personnel are everywhere in Kosovo.
Military personnel are exempt when they provide proof of non-residency.
Military personnel are notorious for crowding into polling places on the way home from work.
Military personnel are often a good source.
Military personnel are on site to extract the bodies.
Military personnel are our greatest national security asset.
Military personnel are the law, the judges, and the executioners.
Military personnel are very assertive.
Military personnel are well-trained professionals.
Military personnel be sure to use the proper codes for delivery on bases.
Military personnel can be especially susceptible due to frequent moves.
Military personnel can deal with less equipment, which requires less training to use.
Military personnel can obtain a waiver for the deposit.
Military personnel can obtain study materials and can take college level exams free of charge.
Military personnel deploy all over the world.
Military personnel enjoy more job security than their civilian counterparts.
Military personnel face a unique tax situation.
Military personnel has to be reschooled and integrated into civilian professions.
Military personnel have a high divorce rate.
Military personnel have option to revert to chosen vocations.
Military personnel have priority when registering for classes.
Military personnel living in Cheyenne are also eligible to receive sets for semester loan.
Military personnel living in high-cost areas also receive the variable housing allowance.
Military personnel make no monetary contribution to their retirement system.
Military personnel move frequently.
Military personnel perform services because the services are a part of their duties as soldiers.
Military personnel qualify for automatic filing extensions and other deductions.
Military personnel rotate to other locations every few years.
Military personnel shoot to kill.
Military personnel stationed overseas often require special provisions in order to vote absentee.
Military personnel stationed overseas represent the largest block of absentee voters.
Military personnels are forces.
All military personnel commit to putting their lives on the line.
All military personnel have an obligation to support their children.
All military personnel have the potential to serve in the theater of war.
Many military personnel believe their computer correspondence and on-line discussions are secure.
Some military personnel qualify for food stamps.
Military pilots earn regular pay for their rank plus monthly incentive pay.
Military pilots fly according to strict regulations, using approved procedures.
Many military pilots are unsure about making the transition to commercial aviation.
A military plane is a military vehicle
Military plane fly in.
Military planes are the most sophisticated and fastest planes used by people.
Military planes have such systems, but airlines say they are too heavy, costly and hard to maintain.
Military planes perform daily flybys and coast guard and police vessels patrol the waters.
Military planners conduct deliberate planning when they have the luxury of time.
Military planners have to prepare for the worst case scenario.
Military planners react to capabilities rather than intentions.
Military planners see great potential for reconnaissance flights.
All Military plates require certification.
A military police is a personnel
Military police are everywhere and one can clearly see armed resistance in the street.
Military police are forces.
Military Police do more than give tickets and direct traffic.
Military police does count as does police work in another municipality or sheriff's department.
Military Police follow strikers, but no major confrontation reported.
Military Police have special status within the military justice system.
Military Police provide traffic control to the event.
Military Police serve in all conditions alongside military units worldwide.
Military policy requires all deaths to be thoroughly investigated before a determination is made.
Military power buys freedom of choice.
Military power is a reason of great pride of our nation.
Military power is needed as well, in order to survive and to provide strength for things to develop.
Military power is unipolar with the United States far outstripping all other states.
Military power operates under and is checked by civilian control.
Military powers decline.
Military preparedness involves planning for every possible outcome.
Military presence affects the prosperity of communities adjoining installations.
Military presence is an asset for the school district and city.
Military presence is low key.
Military presence prohibits accurate data gathering in other areas.
Military presence remains heavy, increasing the tension and fear in the region.
Military priorities are likely to prevail on both sides.
Military processing is also available.
Military procurement is conducted via tenders open to both domestic and foreign suppliers.
Military production is a form of economic production.
Military production is the greatest polluter of the environment.
Military production requires economic resources.
Military professionals bring to their jobs a great deal of pride and a profound sense of duty.
Military propaganda is irresponsible .
Military protection is also part of the partnership.
Military protection is necessary, especially to defend the state from outside interference.
Military protocol requires appropriate labels of identification.
Military psychiatrists are on the lookout for exaggeration of symptoms.
Military radar works by sending a radio wave out from a radar transmitter.
Military rangefinders use the same principle, with more widely separated optics.
Military rank constitutes a clear basis for determining seniority among military personnel.
Military rank is a badge of leadership.
Military rank is another example of an ordinal scale.
Military rank is rank
Military rank is rank.
Any military rank held is listed separately thereafter.
Military rates are the same as student rates.
Military rations are no less important today.
Military receivers have special technology providing far more accurate position data for navigation.
Military receivers use the same satellites, but different radio signals and receivers.
Military records are a great source of information for the family historian.
Military records are a rich source of information about soldiers.
Military records are a typical example.
Military records are available too for all blacks who have served.
Military records are of no avail.
Military records are typical example.
Military records are very useful in tracing migration.
Military records can contain valuable information .
Military records can provide the family historian with a wealth of genealogical data.
Military records confirm the recovered memories.
Many military records are here.
Many military records exist for Louisiana soldiers.
Military recruiters are eager to exploit the situation.
Military recruiters are on campus each week.
Military recruiters face new problems.
Military recruitment is a public policy matter.
Military reductions are too much for post-Cold War.
Military reform is a long-term process.
Military relevance is a plus.
Military relocations welcome.
Military reports relating to trophy operations remain classified in Russia.
Military research can often be very frustrating.
Military research is the civic duty of scientists in a just state.
Military researchers value the technology for applications in combat casualty care.
Military retirees are generally younger and are often more affluent than other groups of retirees.
Military retirees are the only government employees without a retiree health plan.
Military retirees are the ONLY government employees without a retiree health plan.
Military retirees face increasing difficulty in obtaining quality health care.
Most military retirees wonder why their benefits are denied when there is national budget surplus.
Military retirement is a commitment to our men and women in uniform.
Military retirement is another key component in the quality of life for military personnel.
Military retrenchment is to be replaced with diplomatic reconciliation.
Military reunions are also big business.
Military revolutions are major discontinuities in military affairs.
Military revolutions are much less frequent phenomena than RMAs.
Military rifles appear here as early as the French and Indian War.
Military rifles are usually expensive, cumbersome and difficult to conceal.
Military rule ends in Argentina.
Military rule is thus only the public fruit of despotic government structures.
Military rules make it impossible for anyone to achieve the combat quota necessary to quit flying.
Military rulers decree the country's name be restored to Burma.
Military salary varies with paygrade and time in service.
Military sales account for approximately one half of the market.
Military satellites appear to be the next step.
Military satellites cover a broad range in terms of function and orbit.
Military satellites record the flashes of their explosions in the upper atmosphere.
Military satellites travel in very low orbits.
Military schools are the most obvious examples.
Many military schools offer correspondence courses as well.
A military science is a field
Military science are discipline.
Military science has some branches below .
Military science has some branches below.
Military science says that the more troops the greater the strength.
Military science strives to train leaders for service to the country and to the community.
Military scientists are eager to examine the alien pilots genetic makeup for potential use.
Military secrets are among the most fleeting.
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
Military security is a deadly game played by a few.
Military security is a necessary component of any future political arrangements in the region.
Military security is mentioned.
Military security requires that names of participants be approved in advance.
A military service is a personnel
Military service awaits almost everybody.
Military service can be harsh, dangerous, unrewarding, and downright boring.
Military service comes at a very prime time in any person's life.
Military service evokes images of discipline and regimentation for most youth.
Military service has the most interesting jobs, the most challenging jobs in the world.
Military service increases men's likelihood of smoking.
Military service is a courageous choice.
Military service is a federal program, funded by all taxpayers.
Military service is a proud tradition and provides many with a valuable career or career skills.
Military service is already a sacrifice.
Military service is an honor for the Libyan people.
Military service is an option for students with international interests.
Military service is another issue where law and conscience have been in tension.
Military service is classified either as wartime or peacetime service.
Military service is compulsory for all Haitian citizens who have attained eighteen years of age.
Military service is compulsory for both men and women.
Military service is compulsory for young men.
Military service is compulsory in Israel.
Military service is compulsory.
Military service is credited to determine the amount of employment.
Military service is distinctly different from civilian employment.
Military service is evaluated as an occupation or a profession.
Military service is forced on all young men in Italy.
Military service is fulfilled by voluntary enlistment, generally for a period of nine years.
Military service is ineligible.
Military service is mandatory for Sudanese men.
Military service is never an easy thing.
Military service is no longer mandatory.
Military service is purely voluntary, with no penalties for avoidance.
Military service is the first criteria for treatment in either facility.
Military service is the highest form of citizenship.
Military service is voluntary and lasts for four years.
Military service is voluntary.
Military service leave.
Military service looks at lifecycle issues, such as age when they recruit.
Military services are forces.
Military services are services.
Military services have the perfect dress code.
Any military service requires an honorable discharge.
Military ships are open for touring almost every weekend in the harbor.
Military ships pennant.
Military sites are the tangible remains and hence reminders of past conflicts.
Military sites end with .mil and Educational institutions are .edu.
Military size is the size of the military unit.
Military skill sets don t really transfer that well to a wrestling company.
Military soils have more sand in the upper part of the solum.
Military sources confirm that there was no military cargo on board the vessel.
Military sources expect the program to encounter resistance.
Military sources indicate that only troops brought in for exercises have been withdrawn.
Military sources say that no military equipment was being transported on the merchant vessel.
Military specifications are extremely important for government contracts and supply.
Military spending carries a considerable opportunity cost that negatively impacts economic growth.
Military spending continues to be incredibly high.
Military spending contributes heavily to federal deficits.
Military spending creates jobs.
Military spending is an exception, however.
Military spending is another point of contention for social justice advocates.
Military spending is rampant.
Military spending needs accountability.
Military spending reinforces a patriarchal culture.
Military spending solves a crucial problem of post - World War II economics of nations.
Military spouses can find good jobs in the local market, helping defray the sting of pricey housing.
Military spouses face increasing challenges resulting from their military lifestyle.
Military spouses face unique challenges when it comes time to look for a job.
Military spouses ought to be very, very proud.
Military spies steal military secrets from other countries.
Military standards used throughout, provides exact, continuous quality every time, on every product.
Military statistics are always suspect since they are frequently manipulated for propaganda purpose.
Military stores are a dependable part of military life.
Military stores are part of the military retirement package.
Military stores provide a vital supplemental financial benefit.
Some military strategists envision swarms of robot flies fluttering onto battlefields.
Military strategies are the thing to discuss here.
Military strategy can change rapidly and frequently, since objectives can change in an instant.
Military strategy is a peculiar national culture belonging to a definite historical period.
Military strategy is a subset of grand strategy.
Military strategy is another important motive for imperialistic activity.
Military strategy is to take the high points.
Military strategy suffers somewhat less.
Military strength is capability
Military strength is the best deterrent against aggression.
Military strength is the path to peace.
Military structure creates a strictly enforced, disciplined environment.
Military students move often, most at least once every three years.
Military stuff is a great hook to get people.
Military style calls for exacting teamwork, which translates into many, many hours of practice.
Military success means little if a player is determined to win the game.
Military superiority wins.
Military supplies are still being flown into Huambo, reports say.
Military surplus canteens .
Military surplus is usually the best.
Military systems are any application for use in a weapon or weapon system.
Military tactics depend on the level of military technique.
Military tailor can produce any clothing to order.
Some military talks are due to take place in Moscow tomorrow.
Military tanks resemble ships, consisting of a steel hull with an engine and fuel tank.
Military targets are a joke.
Military targets are the top priority because of the danger they pose to our own forces.
Many military targets are close to major urban concentrations, of which South Asia has no shortage.
All military teams are free for the season opener.
Military technology counts.
Most military tenders require offsets.
Military terms are inappropriate for the description of business operations.
Military terms seem appropriate to the scale and complexity of the casino construction enterprise.
Military thought is like military justice or military music.
Military thought is significant only insofar as it contributes to the effective waging of war.
Military time counts toward benefits.
Military time counts.
Military time use a twenty-four hour clock.
Military towns deserve a close look as well.
Military tradition is a thing which dies hard.
Military tradition is almost by definition, hard to change, and Indonesia is no exception.
Military tradition is filled with pride, customs and symbolism.
All military trainees know the event, though by different names.
A military training is a training
Military training are training.
Military training is a part of a cadet candidate's everyday life.
Military training is an acceptable form of transfer credit.
Military training is an option.
Military training is at best ignored and at worst denigrated.
Military training is designed to create the mindset for 'teaming,' which is so critical for combat.
Military training is difficult and extensive.
Military training is education for war.
Military training is inherently dangerous.
Military training is schooling of body and spirit in the art of killing.
Military training is valuable because it instills neatness, precision, promptness and self-control.
Military training promotes a more confrontational approach under generally hostile environments.
Military transference can present a sizeable lag time, sometimes lasting as long as four years.
Military transport ships carry cargo.
Military tribunals lack sufficient authority to convict civilians of crimes.
Military tribunals present tricky issues for fair trial standards.
Military tribunals prosecutes the deserters.
Military tribunals try military personnel for common law as well as military crimes.
Military tribunals try military personnel for common-law as well as military crimes.
All military tribunals consist of four officers and a civilian judge.
Military troops are on fire duty, and retired fire managers have been asked to return.
Military troops arrive after paramilitaries have gone, and register bodies and damages.
Military types are fond of citing Pearl Harbor as an exemplar of military complacency.
A military uniform is an uniform
Military uniform is required.
Military uniforms are uniforms.
Military uniforms represent the very best and very worst of mankind.
Military uniforms show a new trimness.
A military unit is an unit
Military units are units.
Military units direct their fire.
Military units employ VirtualGIS in training exercises.
Military units gain experience over time and battles.
All military units cost three ducats to build or maintain.
All military units require staff sections routinely to submit status reports to higher headquarters.
Military use is varied and can be heavy in areas where there is established military presence.
A military vehicle is a vehicle
Military vehicles have no emissions requirements or mileage standards.
Many military vehicles are large and wide making it difficult for on-coming traffic to pass.
Any military venture is dependent on both support and battle forces.
Military versions are acceptable.
Military versions are also non-magnetic.
Military versions feature a special lubrication system which provides inverted flight capability.
Military vessels require enormous shipments of supplies to stay at peak performance.
Military veterans seek mental health treatments.
Military veterans seek treatments.
Most military veterans seek mental health treatments.
Most military veterans seek treatments.
Military victory is never enough.
Military victory is useless unless it really brings a degree of closure to the conflict.
Military virtue is a quality of standing Armies only, but they require it the most.
Military virtue is selfless, sacrificing personal ambition, even life itself, to the common good.
Military voters deserve an agenda for constructive change.
Military wallpapers Click on the thumbnails to see the full sized wallpaper.
Military waste has been moved around the United States for years without one injury, they argue.
Military watches are quite similar, because of the regulations and specifications they have to meet.
Military weapons use high explosives .
Military weapons use high explosives.
Some military weapons use rockets to propel warheads to their targets.
Most military weddings take place in military chapels.
Military witnesses are especially important to the success of a proceeding.
Military women depend on their base hospitals for all of their medical services.
Military Women See No Safety in Rank.
Military youth can now do the same.
A military is a personnel
Militaries are a part of that equation.
Militaries are capable of arm soldiers.
Militaries are forces.
Militaries are located in countries.
Militaries are located in war.
Militaries are much like a daily topic in today's paper - the Olympics.
Militaries benefit their country by providing security from foreign and internal conflict.
Militaries cause more pollution than any other institutions.
Militaries kill more non-combatants than they kill other soldiers.
Militaries respond well to crises.
Militaries wear a veneer of chivalry that cloaks a profound inequality.
Militaries worldwide study the American Civil War because of the strategy and tactics.
Military assigned to duty in Texas and their dependents pay tuition at the resident rate.
Military is now full of robotics , cyberwarfare , unmanned vehicles and other modern technology .
Military is now full of robotics, cyberwarfare, unmanned vehicles and other modern technology.
Military is stronger if all-volunteer.
Military takes control.
Military takes over.
All militaries try to control journalists.
Any Military is always prepared for the last war.
Militia groups are legal in Colorado.
Militia leaders talk of carving out a pro-Indonesia enclave in East Timor.
Militia is a force
Militia is bodies.
Militia is military units.
Militia records for some years are on file at town clerk's offices.
Militia targets local government.
Militias are a specific type of patriot group.
Militias are armed civilians who defend against an invading force.
Militias Are On The Rise In Arizona.
Militias can use tools other than sheer military force to achieve their goals.
Militias exert control over many refugee camps, raising concern about the protection of refugees.
Militias patrol many of the villages.
Militias see themselves as defenders of the Constitution.
Militias take notes.
Most militias believe in the right to bear arms and in the United States Constitution.
Most militias engage in a variety of anti-government rhetoric.
Most militias report monthly field exercises.
Most militias seem to be composed of religious or prejudiced and militant extremists.
A militiaman is a soldier
Many militiamen drive around town in pickups mounted with antiaircraft guns.
Most militiamen are loathe to give up their guns.
A milium is a defect
Milia are a feature of a number of very rare genodermatoses.
Milia are asymptomatic lesions commonly seen in on the face of newborn infants.
Milia are many in number and occur equally on both sides of the face.
Milia are minute superficial keratinous cysts, usually on the face or scrotum.
Milia are small spherical opaque white bumps.
Milia are tiny epidermoid cysts.
Milia cysts along the nasal groove in a child.
Milia generally disappears after the first several weeks of life.
Milia occur commonly on both men and women and are often mistaken for tiny whiteheads.
Milia represent retention cysts of sebaceous gland secretions.
Miliums are plants.
Milk allergies are an abnormal response by the body to milk protein.
Milk allergies are due to an immunological reaction against proteins called casein or whey.
Milk allergies are rare and serious, calling for complete avoidance of milk.
Milk allergies can increase other allergic reactions.
Milk allergies can seem like milk allergies, and off course possibly the child has milk allergies.
Milk allergies occur when the body's immune system reacts to the protein in milk.
Milk allergy is a sensitivity to the protein in milk and tends to occur more often in infants.
Milk allergy is one of the most common food allergies known.
Milk allergy is the most prevalent food allergy, etc.
Milk allergy is treated with a diet using soybean or meat-based formulas that contain no milk.
Milk allergy is very common and causes diarrhea in adults.
Milk bags are also more prone to contamination through leakage.
Milk banks are more likely to become part of our culture if they first become part of our language.
Milk bottles jostle.
Milk bottles work well after thorough washing.
Some milk bottles use for maple syrup.
Some milk bottles use for syrup.
Milk carton bears the news.
Milk cartons are cheap to use and great to recycle.
Milk cartons are plastic laminated inside.
Milk cartons promise a specific level of Vitamin D inside.
Milk cartons retain liquid because they have a water repellant coating.
Milk chocolate can be stubborn about melting.
Milk chocolate contains about the same amount of catechins as black tea.
Milk chocolate contains cocoa butter, sugar, milk, and vanilla.
Milk chocolate contains milk in addition to the four ingredients above.
Milk chocolate has a less bitter taste that semisweet or dark chocolate.
Milk chocolate has a less robust flavor than sweet or semi-sweet chocolates.
Milk chocolate has milk as well as cocoa, cocoa butter, and varying amounts of sugar.
Milk chocolate has some cocoa .
Milk chocolate has some cocoa.
Milk chocolate is chocolate
Milk chocolate is chocolate.
Milk chocolate is created with the addition of milk powder to the cocoa mass and cocoa butter.
Milk chocolate is exactly that chocolate made with milk.
Milk chocolate is made from cocoa liquor, cocoa butter, sugar, milk and flavourings.
Milk chocolate is made from cocoa, cocoa butter, sugar, milk, and small amounts of vanilla.
Milk chocolate is made when cocoa powder is combined with cocoa butter, sugar, and milk powder.
Milk chocolate is much less toxic, and dark chocolate falls somewhere in between.
Milk chocolate is obtained from seeds of theobroma cacao after fermentation and roasting.
Milk chocolate is slightly less lethal, but to dogs, chocolate is chocolate .
Milk chocolate is the least concentrated, but can still be harmful.
Milk chocolate is the most popular product on the market.
Milk chocolate is the type of chocolate used in candy bars.
Milk chocolate is where the cocoa butter in chocolate is replaced with milk.
Milk chocolate keeps for about a year and white chocolate for seven or eight months.
Milk chocolates add milk as well.
Many milk chocolates add more milk, cream, or cocoa butter to add richness by adding fat.
Some milk chocolate contains acid.
Milk consumption prevents allergic diseases.
Milk consumption prevents diseases.
A milk cow is cattle
Milk Cows are BIG eaters.
Milk cows are dry fed in summer and tiestall in winter.
Milk cows are generally gentle creatures, but they are slow to learn.
Milk cows excrete manure.
Milk cows provide milk to sell and calves to slaughter for food for the family.
Milk cows quit.
Milk cows require more water for drinking than replacement animals.
Every milk cow causes one death each year.
Most milk cows excrete manure.
Milk crates are for setting pistols on.
Milk crates are great for organizing books, binders, notebooks and records.
Milk deliveries are down.
Milk drinkers have a better quality diet than non-milk drinkers.
Milk ducts are a multiplicity of pore-like openings.
Milk fat is a principal contributor to high cholesterol and artery-clogging atherosclerosis.
Milk fat is present in milk in the form of very small globules.
Milk fat is what makes milk creamy, rich and flavourful.
Milk fever affects a cow s health, milk production and rebreeding.
Milk fever is a disorder every dairy producer is familiar with.
Milk fever is a severe chemical imbalance that is usually fatal if left untreated.
Milk fever is another fatal disease arising from deprivation of feed at lambing time.
Milk fever is associated with the sudden and large demand for calcium at the beginning of lactation.
Milk fever occurs more frequently in Jerseys than in the other dairy breeds.
Milk fevers present similar symptoms.
Milk fevers present symptoms.
Most milk fevers present similar symptoms.
Milk glass is decorated in many different styles and techniques.
Milk glass is glass
Milk glass looks like white porcelain.
Milk industry faces a backlash by consumers .
Milk industry uses lower temps.
Milk Intolerance includes lactose intolerance, and milk protein allergy.
Milk intolerance is a disease
Milk intolerance is very rare in infants who take only breastmilk.
Milk jugs are also biodegradable and designed to break down over a short period of time.
Milk jugs are great to use too.
Milk jugs are great.
Milk jugs are ideal.
Milk jugs make great organizers.
Milk jugs tend to break down due to prolonged exposure to sunlight.
Milk of lime is added to the raw juice and carbonatated in a number of stages in order to purify it.
Milk of magnesia is a saline type laxative.
Milk of Magnesia is a suspension of megnesium hydroxide in water.
Milk of magnesia is an old standby for treating occasional constipation.
Milk of magnesia is another name for magnesium hydroxide.
Milk of magnesia is medicine
Milk of magnesia is the best-known saline laxative.
Milk of Magnesia is used to settle an upset stomach.
Milk paint contains no hydrocarbons or any other petroleum derivatives.
Milk paint draws into the wood almost as quickly as it makes contact.
Milk paint gives an old patina to walls.
Milk paint is an historic paint that was used on walls, furniture and woodwork.
Milk paint is quick, easy and forgiving.
Milk paint is sold as a powder to be mixed with water and is available in a wide variety of colors.
Milk powder has density.
Milk powder has different density.
Milk powder is a poor substitute for mother's milk.
Milk powder is milk
Milk powder works great as a food thickener.
Most milk powder has density.
Most milk powder has different density.
Milk products are a good source.
Milk products are a known allergen.
Milk products are an excellent source of calcium.
Milk products are an important part of their diet.
Milk products are often as damaging.
Milk products are safe, but precaution against spoilage needs to be observed during summer months.
Milk products are the best source of calcium.
Milk products are the main source of calcium, which is critical to developing healthy bones.
Milk products can turn up in unexpected places.
Milk products come in all shapes, flavors and colors.
Milk products contain cheese.
Milk products contain lactose sugar.
Milk products contain lactose.
Milk products contain sugar.
Milk products leave in a dry form.
Milk products provide protein, vitamins and minerals.
Milk products provide protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Most milk products contain cheese.
Most milk products contain lactose sugar.
Most milk products contain sugar.
Some milk products contain lactose.
Some milk products contain proteins.
Milk production begins with the cow.
Milk production can continue for as long as the baby nurses.
Milk production depends upon special glands in the breasts, which are sufficient in all women.
Milk production falls.
Milk production is a seasonal affair, particularly in Australia.
Milk production is a very important activity in many countries especially for derivatives products.
Milk production is also an important source of income.
Milk production is also resource intensive.
Milk production is also strong.
Milk production is capital intensive and generates a low profit margin based on equity.
Milk production is common.
Milk production is concentrated in the Saint Joachim Valley .
Milk production is directly proportional to the quality of forage the cows are consuming.
Milk production is down.
Milk production is in check, dairy stocks are reasonable and prices are strong.
Milk production is lessened and diarrhea develops.
Milk production is low and reproduction prospects poor.
Milk production is lower in other regions.
Milk production is lower in women who smoke, and weaning is usually earlier.
Milk production is maintained primarily by the release of progesterone.
Milk production is one of the most nutritionally demanding stages of a bitch's life.
Milk production is poor.
Milk production is seasonally lower in the fall months.
Milk production is steady in the Northeast, but increasing in the South.
Milk production is stimulated by rhythmic kneading of a kitten's front paws.
Milk production is stimulated by the baby's suckling.
Milk production remains better than a year ago in the South and Southeast.
Milk production varies between mares and various breeds.
Milk production works much the same.
Some milk production depends on honeybee pollination.
Some milk production depends on pollination.
Some milk production reaches peaks.
Milk protein can cause serious reactions in persons allergic to milk products.
Milk protein consists of several kinds of proteins and non- protein nitrogen compounds.
Milk protein entering the blood stream is perceived by the body as a foreign substance.
Milk protein has a soothing quality.
Milk protein has economic value because higher protein leads to higher cheese yields.
Milk protein has two basic components, whey and casein.
Milk protein is a common allergen, along with peanuts, citrus, wheat and corn.
Milk protein is affected by the amount and composition of the dietary protein.
Milk protein is an excellent form of protein and is the one that most doctors prefer for infants.
Milk proteins are also among the most common causes of food allergies.
Milk proteins are critical for milk foaming.
Milk proteins become insoluble.
Milk proteins can cause a serious allergic reaction in susceptible persons.
Milk proteins can cause an allergic reaction in susceptible people.
Milk proteins can cause an allergic reaction in susceptible persons.
Milk proteins can cause colic, a digestive upset that bothers one in five infants.
Milk proteins have high levels of tryptophan.
Milk proteins tend to stay intact as milk is converted to dairy products of all types.
Many milk proteins have genetic variants which have been identified by letters of the alphabet.
Milk secretion begins a few days prior to the birth of the litter.
Milk secretion is caused by the hormone prolactin, which both the male and female flamingo produce.
Milk secretion is stimulated by the pituitary gland hormone known as prolactin.
Milk separators are in use in some areas and reduce the amount of work needed to make the butter.
A milk shake is a drink
Milk shakes are also a cold drink made with an electric blender.
Milk shakes are similar to smoothies .
Milk shakes are similar to smoothies.
Milk shakes do work as long as they contain the right things.
Milk shakes have milk.
A milk snake is a kingsnake
Milk snakes are benign mouse eaters, but they are persecuted because of misassociations.
Milk snakes are constrictors and kill their food by suffocation.
Milk snakes are much more opportunistic eaters than the fox snake or corn snake .
Milk snakes are prey for such animals as raccoons, foxes, skunks, and coyotes.
Milk snakes are usually apt to coil, strike and bite when captured, especially during cold weather.
Milk snakes are usually apt to coil, strike and bite when captured.
Milk snakes tend to be escape artists, so choose a secure cage.
Milk solids are basically fat, minerals, and protein.
Milk substitute can be rice milk, soy milk, potato milk or any non dairy equivalent.
Milk substitutes differ in water and fat content, sweetness, and ability to color the baked goods.
Milk substitutes have a similar look and taste to milk produced by the mammary glands of a mammal .
Milk substitutes have a similar look and taste to milk produced by the mammary glands of a mammal.
Some milk substitutes are priced reasonably.
Milk sugar is a disaccharide
Milk sugar is called lactose.
Milk sugar is found in milk and nowhere else in nature.
Milk tankers can unload quickly.
Milk tea is made from black tea and sweetened milk, but green tea is also used.
Milk tea is one of the most important drinks to the Mongolian people.
Milk tea is taken at the same time.
A milk thistle is a bush
Milk thistle appears to be a safe and well-tolerated herb for animals.
Milk thistle can also protect against future toxic exposure.
Milk thistle can be helpful in treating liver damage.
Milk thistle can help rejuvenate it and possibly even protect it from future damage.
Milk thistle can potentially be effective in both chronic and acute hepatitis.
Milk Thistle can protect against hepatitis,environmental toxicity, and more.
Milk Thistle can protect the liver against harmful toxins and chemicals.
Milk thistle can rejuvenate the liver and promote the develop of new liver cells.
Milk thistle contains a chemical called silymarin.
Milk thistle contains biologically active flavanoids with anti-oxidant properties.
Milk thistle contains silymarin, which protects the liver from damaging toxins.
Milk thistle contains some of the most potent liver protecting substances known.
Milk thistle has be a long standing staple with the herbalist.
Milk thistle has no known toxicity, even in large quantities.
Milk thistle helps spare glutathione and is a good detoxer.
Milk thistle helps to cleanse the liver of dangerous toxins and helps regenerate liver cells.
Milk thistle increases the productions and flow of bile from the liver and gallbladder.
Milk thistle inhibits the enzyme lipoxygenase, which catalyzes the formation of leukotrienes.
Milk thistle is a good treatment for leg ulcers and varicose veins.
Milk thistle is available as an extract or tincture.
Milk thistle is available as capsules, seeds, or tincture.
Milk thistle is available in the United States as a dietary supplement .
Milk thistle is easy to grow, and it matures quickly, in less than a year.
Milk thistle is essential, as it protects the liver and increases bile flow.
Milk thistle is extremely popular in Europe where it is used in liver tonics.
Milk thistle is found in California, mainly in the coastal counties and drier areas.
Milk thistle is native to Western and Central Europe and requires relatively long growing seasons.
Milk thistle is thus able to have a positive effect on the management of liver disease.
Milk thistle is used to protect the liver.
Milk thistle offers a reliable and safe solution.
Milk thistle protects the liver from harmful chemicals and alcohol.
Milk thistle protects the liver.
Milk thistle seems to have a generally wise acceptance among the hepatologists.
Milk thistles are herbs.
Milk thistles contain active compounds.
Milk thistles contain chemicals.
Milk thistles contain compounds.
Milk thistles have benefits.
Milk thistles have many benefits.
Milk thistles prefer sunny or lightly shaded areas.
Most milk thistles contain active compounds.
Most milk thistles contain chemicals.
Most milk thistles contain compounds.
Most milk thistles have benefits.
Most milk thistles have many benefits.
Some milk thistles have applications.
Some milk thistles have effects.
Some milk thistles have side effects.
Some milk thistles offer benefits.
Some milk thistles offer possible benefits.
Some milk thistles prefer shade areas.
Some milk thistles produce fruit.
Some milk thistles produce small fruit.
Some milk thistles produce small hard fruit.
A milk tooth is a tooth
Milk teeth appear after two weeks.
Milk teeth are small and unspecialized, but permanent teeth are adapted for the animal's diet.
Milk teeth are very important as they maintain the space of the permanent teeth.
Milk teeth stay in a child up to the age of seven to eight years.
Milk tooths are tooths.
Some milk teeth are part of children.
Some milk teeth are part of kids.
Some milk teeth are part of nippers.
Some milk teeth are part of orphans.
Some milk teeth are part of toddlers.
Some milk teeth are part of tots.
Milk trains are a legend in themselves on the Rutland.
Milk weeds provide food and a home for the monach caterpillar.
Milk absorbs odors and flavors of fish, onions, and other foods.
Milk accompanies the hot lunch.
Milk Add the chocolate to the hot water and set aside.
Milk adds a significant amount of saturated fat and cholesterol to the average person's diet.
Milk adds micronutrient.
Milk adds taste and assists with browning and conservation.
Milk advocates pooh-pooh the protein concern.
Milk affects infants.
Milk again is a good source of calcium.
Milk agrees better with starches.
Milk allegedly is unavailable.
Milk allow with either interviews.
Milk also causes blood loss from the intestinal tract, depleting the body's iron.
Milk also causes cancers and other health problems.
Milk also causes chronic gastrointestinal irritation, leading to eczema, diaper rash, and diarrhea.
Milk also comes out of the lower stalks.
Milk also contains antibacterial and antifungal agents.
Milk also contains harmful hormones.
Milk also contains traces of tryptophan.
Milk also contains vitamin D, which helps the body absorb calcium.
Milk also has calcium , which is important for maintaining strong bones.
Milk also helps to inhibit iron storage in the liver which is a main problem for many softbills.
Milk also lacks magnesium.
Milk also tastes different.
Milk also turns sour quickly in warm weather.
Milk appears white because it contains casein, the white milk protein that is rich in calcium.
Milk Apply a cool solution of enzyme detergent with a sponge.
Milk Be aware of the growth hormones that are being injected into dairy cows in America.
Milk begins to flow in the udders of cows and sheep as they ready for the birth of their offspring.
Milk boiled with mushrooms is regarded as a delicacy by herdsmen.
Milk boosts mucus production in the throat.
Milk brings on the sick headache.
Milk builds strong bodies.
Milk builds strong families.
Milk can absorb other odors.
Milk can also aggravate diarrhea.
Milk can also provide all of the fluids a child needs.
Milk can and wheelbarrow All items subject to prior sale.
Milk can be a genuine problem, however, for people who are lactose intolerant.
Milk can be a major contributor to excess saturated fat in the diet.
Milk can be a problem for anyone at any age who is sugar sensitive.
Milk can be high in fat.
Milk can cause terrible diarrhea in many pets.
Milk can cause uncomfortable stomach disturbances and diarrhea.
Milk can design wall clock.
Milk can flow back into the bulb, which is difficult to clean properly.
Milk can give some cats diarrhea.
Milk can overheat very easily in a microwave.
Milk can reduce the sting.
Milk causes babies to grow.
Milk causes mucus .
Milk causes the medicine to stay in the stomach longer.
Milk chocolates with whole hazelnut center.
Milk come from breast.
Milk comes from carefully cared for dairy cows.
Milk comes from cattle.
Milk comes from cows.
Milk comes from Cows.
Milk comes from cows.
Milk comes from family farms in local communities across the country.
Milk comes from nipples.
Milk comes from sheep, cows, and goats.
Milk comes from the dairy cow who has eaten grasses and corn- and other grains.
Milk comes from the store.
Milk comes in bags.
Milk comes in glass bottles and soy and rice milk are abundant.
Milk comes in glass bottles.
Milk comes in plastic jugs or cardboard boxes, and occasionally in bottles.
Milk comes out easier in a bottle than a breast.
Milk comes out of one spigot and cream the other.
Milk comes squirting out of their noses.
Milk comes with every lunch.
Milk coming into the facility is also inconsistent in fat and protein amounts.
Milk consists of a water solution with large droplets of fat.
Milk contains a chemical called lactose .
Milk contains a chemical called lactose.
Milk contains all essential amino acids, which provides complete protein.
Milk contains an amino acid that fosters sleep.
Milk contains an enzyme called tryptophan, which induces drowsiness.
Milk contains an inhibitory peptide .
Milk contains antibodies.
Milk contains as many calories as most solid foods.
Milk contains bacteria.
Milk contains calcium, which helps build strong bones.
Milk contains calcium, which helps strengthen bones.
Milk contains calcium.
Milk contains calcium.
Milk contains calories.
Milk contains disease-fighting molecules and nutrients a baby mammal needs.
Milk contains dozens of other types of proteins beside caseins and including enzymes.
Milk contains essential nutrients.
Milk contains essential vitamins.
Milk contains good bacteria.
Milk contains growth hormones.
Milk contains hormones.
Milk contains lactose and mammals have an enzyme called lactase to digest lactose.
Milk contains lactose that is turned into glucose and galactose.
Milk contains lactose, which is a sugar.
Milk contains lactose, which requires the enzyme lactase for breakdown in the intestinal tract.
Milk contains lactose.
Milk contains many tiny particles of protein and fat suspended in water.
Milk contains maternal antibodies.
Milk contains matter.
Milk contains minerals.
Milk contains nutrients.
Milk contains plasmin, an enzyme that breaks down proteins.
Milk contains proteins that some find help sleep.
Milk contains proteins, fats, carbohydrates, minerals and water.
Milk contains proteins.
Milk contains simple sugars, and all dairy products are made from milk.
Milk contains substances necessary for growth, such as carbohydrates, fats, and proteins.
Milk contains substances.
Milk contains the fat as droplets suspended in water, an emulsion separated from.
Milk contains tryptophan a natural sleep aid.
Milk contains trytophan, an amino acid, which naturally promotes sleep.
Milk contains virtually none.
Milk contains vitamins.
Milk contains water and water is a conductor.
Milk contains water, carbs in the sugar of sugar lactose, fat, and protein.
Milk contains water, fat, casein, albumins, and lactose.
Milk contains water, vitamins, fat, protein, and carbohydrates.
Milk contains zero complex carbohydrates.
Milk continues to provide an important source of protein and fat.
Milk contributes to cognitive development.
Milk contributes to development.
Milk contributes water and valuable nutrients to baked goods.
Milk cows with clean, dry teats and teat ends.
Milk crates or similar ventilated plastic cartons are good carriers.
Milk curdles with lengthy cooking.
Milk diluted with water is boiled.
Milk disagrees .
Milk does a body bad.
Milk does a body good.
Milk does contain calcium.
Milk does more under a call, but there has been dissatisfaction with such provisions.
Milk does other mischief.
Milk does the job.
Milk easily disorders it.
Milk eliminates the frozen taste,returning the fresh-caught flavor.
Milk encourages growth.
Milk even has a good amount of carbohydrates as lactose.
Milk expires after two weeks on the shelf and beer expires after three months.
Milk feeds animals.
Milk flows directly into a standard bottle.
Milk forms an important part of a person 's daily balanced diet .
Milk forms an important part of a person's daily balanced diet.
Milk freezes for up to three months.
Milk given at that time can even cause their death.
Milk gives bread a more tender crust than water.
Milk goes in the refrigerator and canned soup goes with canned soup.
Milk gradually increases in richness from the first drop to the last.
Milk has a lot of calories.
Milk has a number of components.
Milk has a sell-by date stamped on the container.
Milk has a very low oxygen tension.
Milk has absolutely no part in the diet of a parrot.
Milk has all of the essential nutrients like calcium for strong bones and protein for muscles.
Milk has an amino acid that the body converts to a sleep-enhancing compound in the brain.
Milk has another major problem that creates health problems for people.
Milk has calcium in it.
Milk has calcium.
Milk has calcium.
Milk has calories.
Milk has effects.
Milk has energy.
Milk has fat in it and the soap breaks up the fat.
Milk has lactose.
Milk has lots of calcium, and some orange juice has calcium added.
Milk has lots of protein and calcium.
Milk has many components, including proteins, lipids, and sugars.
Milk has many nutrients to help babies grow and be healthy .
Milk has many nutrients to help babies grow and be healthy.
Milk has moisturizing properties and helps some people to swallow their food.
Milk has more calories.
Milk has nasty side effects.
Milk has nine essential nutrients for active bodies.
Milk has one of the best reputations in the food industry as a safe and nutritious product.
Milk has plenty of calcium but very little magnesium.
Milk has side effects.
Milk has substantial amounts of protein, but few cells, which is where purines are found.
Milk has sugar lactose.
Milk has sugar.
Milk has two primary uses for their cookies.
Milk has very little if any magnesium.
Milk has water.
Milk has zero fiber.
Milk Have greens ready in separate containers in refrigerator.
Milk helps babies.
Milk helps build strong athletic scholarships.
Milk helps calcium levels.
Milk helps calves.
Milk helps children.
Milk helps healthy calcium levels.
Milk helps levels.
Milk helps many children.
Milk helps promote lustrous hair.
Milk helps to build a healthy body and strong teeth.
Milk holds a special place in American culture, next to apple pie and mother.
Milk incidentally is a good source of calcium.
Milk increases the ionized calcium that is better utilized.
Milk inhibits absorption of the protective polyphenols.
Milk interferes with iron absorption.
Milk invite past an puma sports.
Milk is a cheap but high value source of nutrients for the rural population.
Milk is a complete food as it gives energy, helps in growth and prevents many diseases.
Milk is a complete food for baby mammals, the group humans belong to.
Milk is a complete food.
Milk is a dairy product
Milk is a dairy product.
Milk is a deadly poison.
Milk is a drink
Milk is a food low in magnesium.
Milk is a food that is highly perishable.
Milk is a form of modified apocrine sweat which is rich in proteins and fats.
Milk is a good choice.
Milk is a good easy source of nutrients when children are 'fussy eaters'.
Milk is a good example of a suspension.
Milk is a good example of an emulsion.
Milk is a good food for older children.
Milk is a good option, though only if it's reduced fat.
Milk is a good snack and a good mealtime drink.
Milk is a good source of all three nutrients.
Milk is a good source of calcium and vitamin D for building children's bones.
Milk is a good source of calcium, but many people have developed an allergy towards milk.
Milk is a good source of calcium.
Milk is a good source of fluid.
Milk is a good source of nine essential nutrients.
Milk is a good source of nutrition.
Milk is a good source of potassium.
Milk is a good source.
Milk is a good therapy for heartburn.
Milk is a good way to get many nutrients.
Milk is a great natural source of calcium, the bone-strengthening mineral.
Milk is a great remedy for any kind of burn.
Milk is a great source of protein, calcium and vitamins.
Milk is a healthy drink provided that the fat is removed.
Milk is a homogeneous mixture if it has been pasteurized.
Milk is a hormonal delivery system.
Milk is a hormonally complex food, even before it is adulterated.
Milk is a liquid secreted by female mammals, for suckling their young.
Milk is a liquid.
Milk is a mainstay of each meal.
Milk is a major part of most children's diets.
Milk is a major source of calcium and a good source of phosphorus.
Milk is a maternal lactating secretion, a short term nutrient for new-borns.
Milk is a meal in a glass.
Milk is a mixed blessing.
Milk is a mixture of liquids and very tiny particles that are spread throughout the liquid.
Milk is a mixture.
Milk is a multi-functional body fluid containing a cocktail of proteins.
Milk is a nourishing beverage that is also the source of butter, cheese, yogurt, and ice cream.
Milk is a nutrient-dense food source for people of all ages.
Milk is a nutrient-rich, healthy and natural drink suitable for all age groups at any time.
Milk is a pale liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals .
Milk is a particularly good source of calcium.
Milk is a particularly good source of nutrition for young children.
Milk is a perishable product in food stores.
Milk is a perishable product.
Milk is a principal contributor to high cholesterol and artery-clogging artheroscherosis.
Milk is a product used by almost every household.
Milk is a rich source of nutrients.
Milk is a skin softener and moisturiser.
Milk is a source of calcium, a vital element for our metabolism.
Milk is a staple a very necessary thing in their lives.
Milk is a staple of the American diet.
Milk is a symbol of family, kindness, and acceptance.
Milk is a universal language, it offers something for everyone.
Milk is a very good food for both people and bacteria.
Milk is a very interesting issue for children.
Milk is a very nutritious and versatile food.
Milk is a very poor source of iron.
Milk is a very suitable drink for young children.
Milk is a very unique food.
Milk is a wholesome food that provides essential nutrition for children and adults.
Milk is added alternately with the flour mixture.
Milk is added as needed to blend.
Milk is adopted as the official drink of the state of Minnesota.
Milk is alive.
Milk is already out, but some people feel better without cheese, yogurt, or even heavy cream.
Milk is also a colloid, as it is composed of butterfat dispersed within water.
Milk is also a good source of potassium.
Milk is also a moderate source of folate.
Milk is also a widely available dairy product already a part of many American diets.
Milk is also an excretion pathway for some toxicants.
Milk is also available at an additional charge.
Milk is also available at the parent's request.
Milk is also available for milk break.
Milk is also available for purchase.
Milk is also fairly interesting.
Milk is also fine.
Milk is also healthy for our bones.
Milk is also high in a B vitamin called riboflavin .
Milk is also in short supply.
Milk is also much harder for baby to digest than breast milk or infant formula.
Milk is also mucus-forming so is particularly bad for chesty coughs, colds as well as glue ear etc.
Milk is always a winner.
Milk is always good and nourishing.
Milk is among the most common causes of food allergies in young children.
Milk is an all-round food stuff and helps give a balanced diet.
Milk is an amazing beverage.
Milk is an animal product and as such is quickly invaded by bacterial life.
Milk is an apocrine secretion.
Milk is an elastic commodity.
Milk is an emulsified colloid of liquid butterfat globules dispersed within a water -based solution.
Milk is an emulsion .
Milk is an emulsion of fat droplets in a water solution.
Milk is an emulsion of fat globules and a suspension of casein micelles .
Milk is an emulsion with a fat content that helps to dissolve oils.
Milk is an emulsion.
Milk is an essential component of a well balanced diet.
Milk is an essential part of a baby's diet.
Milk is an example .
Milk is an example of a full bodied beverage.
Milk is an example of an emulsion.
Milk is an example.
Milk is an excellent food.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium and also provides vitamin D and phosphorous .
Milk is an excellent source of calcium and is found in a variety of foods.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium and other nutrients.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium and protein.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium because the vitamin D aids in calcium absorption.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium, as is yogurt, cheese and leafy green vegetables.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium, potassium, phosphorus and protein.
Milk is an excellent source of calcium.
Milk is an excellent source of riboflavin and pork is a good source of niacin.
Milk is an excellent source of vitamin D and calcium, two important nutrients.
Milk is an exceptional food and the foundation of all other dairy products.
Milk is an ideal food for aspirants.
Milk is an ideal organic fungicide for protecting cucumbers and other vegetables.
Milk is an ideal organic fungicide for protecting vegetables, plants and roses.
Milk is an important element in their diet, as is the butter made from the milk.
Milk is an important part of a balanced diet.
Milk is an important part of our diet.
Milk is an important source of calcium and vitamin D for strong bones.
Milk is an important source of calcium, protein, vitamins A and D, and riboflavin.
Milk is an important source of nutrients for the nursing calf.
Milk is animate, acts as if it lives and thinks.
Milk is another example of processing and packaging.
Milk is appropriate to offer to most goddesses and all whites .
Milk is as American as baseball.
Milk is at the end of the nipple on the first suck.
Milk is available as well as other a la carte items for students who bring lunches from home.
Milk is available at all meals.
Milk is available at the school for a minimal charge.
Milk is available daily.
Milk is available for sale to children who bring a lunch from home.
Milk is available in returnable glass bottles.
Milk is available in returnable glass containers.
Milk is available through a federal program.
Milk is available through the program and does apply to the commitment.
Milk is available upon request.
Milk is available with all lunches.
Milk is available, as is hot chocolate for the cold days.
Milk is available.
Milk is banned.
Milk is basic and neutralizes acid.
Milk is basically little tiny droplets of fat which are suspended in water.
Milk is beneficial for curing sleeplessness or insomnia.
Milk is best if it is boiled first and served warm.
Milk is beverages.
Milk is boiled and cooled to blood temperature.
Milk is boiled and fresh coffee is added with plenty of sugar.
Milk is by far the outstanding source.
Milk is cheaper than water.
Milk is checked for bacteria, antibiotic residues and proper pasteurization.
Milk is coagulated by the addition of rennet.
Milk is composed of protein, fat, carbohydrates, minerals, vitamins, hormones and antibodies.
Milk is composed of protein, fats, sugar and mineral salts.
Milk is considered a treatment option.
Milk is considered safe.
Milk is consumed by babies.
Milk is consumed by infants.
Milk is cool - a most excellent drink for kids and adults.
Milk is created by cows.
Milk is created by mammals.
Milk is curd by adding rennet enzyme to milk.
Milk is dairy products.
Milk is deemed pasteurized if it tests negative for alkaline phosphatase.
Milk is deficient in iron.
Milk is defined as the perfect basic food and a great compliment to all other foods.
Milk is delivered to the dairy each day by two different methods.
Milk is doctor-recommended.
Milk is down.
Milk is drank in the middle house.
Milk is dripped in by gravity.
Milk is dripped through the tube into the baby's stomach.
Milk is drunk in the middle house.
Milk is effectively water with a fat solution suspended in it.
Milk is ejected from the breast into the baby's mouth.
Milk is equated with growth, strength, beauty and success.
Milk is essential for healthy teeth, bones, and peace of mind.
Milk is expensive and children normally drink water or soda.
Milk is foodstuff.
Milk is for babies and increases the amount of mucus.
Milk is for babies.
Milk is for children to drink.
Milk is for kids.
Milk is forced through the holes and into the nasal passages.
Milk is fortified with both forms.
Milk is fortified with it, and multivitamins contain it.
Milk is fortified with vitamin D to increase the absorption of the calcium and phosphorous.
Milk is fortified with vitamin D, which is toxic in high doses.
Milk is from cows, which are Eurasian.
Milk is full of calcium and vitamin D to build strong bones and teeth.
Milk is generally an exception.
Milk is good at every age for health.
Milk is good for everyone.
Milk is good for eyesight.
Milk is good to drink, but it can also be added to cereal, and to other foods.
Milk is good to help settle the stomach.
Milk is good with peanut butter sandwich.
Milk is great for starting out.
Milk is heated, which separates proteins from the surrounding water.
Milk is heavy, so shipping costs are high.
Milk is high in calcium but low in magnesium.
Milk is high in calcium.
Milk is high in tryptophan, an amino acid which has a sedating and calming effect.
Milk is high in Vitamin D and lactose, the sugar in milk.
Milk is important because it's a rich source of calcium.
Milk is important for young children.
Milk is included in all complete lunches.
Milk is included in the cost of lunch.
Milk is included in the meal price for hot lunches.
Milk is included in the price of each meal.
Milk is included with a meal purchase.
Milk is included with all lunch and breakfast meals.
Milk is included with all lunches.
Milk is included with all meals.
Milk is included with each meal.
Milk is included with every lunch.
Milk is included with the hot lunch.
Milk is indeed a miracle.
Milk is indeed a source of protein and calcium that some people do well on.
Milk is like gas to a car.
Milk is liquid matter.
Milk is liquid meat.
Milk is liquids.
Milk is loaded with a hormone that's been identified as the key factor in breast cancer's growth.
Milk is located in bottles.
Milk is located in cartons.
Milk is located in containers.
Milk is located in cows.
Milk is located in freezers.
Milk is located in fridges.
Milk is located in kitchens.
Milk is located in markets.
Milk is located in refrigerators.
Milk is located in stores.
Milk is located in supermarkets.
Milk is low acid, thick, and heavy tasting on the tongue.
Milk is low-fat.
Milk is made mainly of water which has the curious property of expanding when it freezes.
Milk is made of minerals.
Milk is matter.
Milk is measured by the quart.
Milk is measured in pounds.
Milk Is Milk . . .
Milk is mixture.
Milk is more a colloid than a simple solution.
Milk is more expensive than coffee.
Milk is mostly water, but it has some milk fat.
Milk is moved along an assembly line at the dairy before it is taken to a store.
Milk is much harder to get out of a breast than a bottle.
Milk is natural - nothing is added except vitamin A and D which is required by law.
Milk is natural colors like off-white and beige.
Milk is nature's most perfect food.
Milk is nonfat dry milk and added as a solid to the flour.
Milk is normally the main source of calcium and vitamin D in a child's diet.
Milk is now an activist for gay and minority rights.
Milk is now ready to be pasteurized.
Milk is offered at every meal, and snacks and liquids are available at all times.
Milk is offered at the snake hills, the hills being in great demand for that day.
Milk is offered daily for lunch.
Milk is offered daily.
Milk is offered each time with the meals.
Milk is offered with each meal.
Milk is often a significant source of protein in an toddler's diet.
Milk is often vitamin D fortified.
Milk is one of man's oldest and most essential foods.
Milk is one of man's oldest commodities and is considered a basic food.
Milk is one of our most important foods.
Milk is one of the best natural sources of dietary calcium.
Milk is one of the best sources of calcium.
Milk is one of the best storage mediums.
Milk is one of the best treatments for excessive thirst.
Milk is one of the foundations of heart disease, and an explanation for America's number one killer.
Milk is one of the leading sources of calcium for youth.
Milk is one of the least expensive sources of calcium.
Milk is one of the major allergy-causing foods.
Milk is one of the most beneficial food items that helps in reducing the acidity in the stomach.
Milk is one of the most common causes of food allergies.
Milk is one of the most common causes of food allergy.
Milk is one of the most regulated foods in the world.
Milk is our official state drink.
Milk is over-exposed.
Milk is part of a well-balanced diet.
Milk is part of healthy diets.
Milk is particularly beneficial because it provides vitamin D .
Milk is particularly high in calcium and the calcium is well absorbed.
Milk is particularly ideal, as it contains both a simple sugar, lactose, and proteins.
Milk is pasteurised before sale, but still contains a small number of harmless bacteria.
Milk is pasteurised, but avoid dairy products which are likely to have been made from unboiled milk.
Milk is pasteurised.
Milk is pasteurized or boiled, homogenized, concentrated, or dried.
Milk is pasteurized to kill any bacteria in it.
Milk is pasteurized, as are pickles.
Milk is pasteurized.
Milk is pasturized.
Milk is perishable and requires special handling to insure quality and shelf life.
Milk is picked up by an insulated stainless steel bulk tank milk truck.
Milk is poison for humans.
Milk is potentially susceptible to contamination with pathogenic microorganisms.
Milk is poured in after the tea.
Milk is poured into the top of the cylinder and as the audience imagines, into the tumbler.
Milk is priced under a classified pricing plan which divides milk into classes according to use.
Milk is probably the single best source of riboflavin.
Milk is produced by cows.
Milk is produced by mammals.
Milk is produced by terrestrial mammals.
Milk is produced in glandular alveoli , and it collects in the cistern of the teat.
Milk is produced in the alveoli, grape like clusters of glandular tissue deep within the breast.
Milk is produced in the alveolus .
Milk is produced in the female's udders.
Milk is produced naturally by all mammal mothers after giving birth to their offspring.
Milk is produced on a supply and demand basis and is stimulated by the kittens kneading the nipples.
Milk is produced partly at the time of feeding.
Milk is produced within each breast in cells that cluster to form numerous balloon-shaped alveoli.
Milk is protected by pasteurization.
Milk is provided at lunch.
Milk is provided by mothers.
Milk is provided by one's mother for nourishment during the pre-weaning years.
Milk is provided by the school.
Milk is provided daily by the camp and ice cream once a week.
Milk is provided for lunch.
Milk is provided for snack and lunch.
Milk is provided free to all children.
Milk is provided only to children under seven.
Milk is provided with lunch.
Milk is provided.
Milk is pumped into a separate tank where it forms a colostrum culture.
Milk is put through the tube.
Milk is rationed very closely.
Milk is readily available, as is juice.
Milk is really good for patient with peptic ulcer.
Milk is reasonably heritable.
Milk is red in color due to the pigment canthaxanthin.
Milk is refillable at an additional charge.
Milk is released into the ducts of the breast by the hormone oxytocin.
Milk is responsible for allergies, colic, colitis, earaches, colds and congestion in young children.
Milk is rich in calcium and high-quality protein.
Milk is rich in fat and lactic acid, and both help soften and hydrate skin.
Milk is rich in sugars, particularly the sugar lactose.
Milk is said to be a good source of protein.
Milk is said to be from local family farms and is certified organic.
Milk is said to contain subtle mental nutrients.
Milk is secreted from animal cells.
Milk is secreted into depressions and is licked off of the fur by the young.
Milk is secreted onto the hairs and is lapped off by the young.
Milk is served at snack also.
Milk is served daily.
Milk is served with all meals, and bread and fruit generally are offered.
Milk is served with all meals.
Milk is served with breakfast and lunch.
Milk is served with each lunch.
Milk is served with each meal.
Milk is served with ever meal.
Milk is served with every meal.
Milk is served with school meals.
Milk is served.
Milk is simply the appropriate food for the newborn and the young.
Milk is sky-high in the stuff.
Milk is slowly mixed into the water.
Milk is so very fatty that it's a storage depot for unmetabolized cannabinoids.
Milk is so very fatty that it's a storage depot fro unmetabolised cannabinoids.
Milk is sold on a daily basis at a modest price and juice is available from the pop machine.
Milk is sold separately for students eating cold lunch.
Milk is sold to students who bring their lunches.
Milk is species specific.
Milk is splendid diet for some people.
Milk is spoiled when is starts to look like yogurt.
Milk is spoiled when it starts to look like yoghurt.
Milk is spoiled when it starts to look like yogurt.
Milk is still the most important food.
Milk is stores is pasteurised.
Milk is stripped from each teat during the wash phase.
Milk is superior to meat.
Milk is supposed to be the food of animals, which supports the animal nature in others also.
Milk is sweet, but has other ingredients that make it acceptable for babies and young children.
Milk is sweetened and cooked with egg yolks to make a creamy custard.
Milk is sweetened and wine is spoiled by homolactic bacteria.
Milk is taken from the farm to the dairy plant in a tank truck.
Milk is tested for fat, and is priced on a cwt.
Milk is the American drink.
Milk is the antithesis of caffeine.
Milk is the best calcium source.
Milk is the best drink to serve with chili.
Milk is the best way to get calcium.
Milk is the easiest trait to see.
Milk is the foundation of heart disease and the explanation for America's number one killer.
Milk is the key to optimal health in a newborn puppy's life.
Milk is the main diet.
Milk is the main source of vitamin D in the Canadian diet.
Milk is the most common cause of food allergies in children.
Milk is the most common cause of food allergy.
Milk is the most common offender.
Milk is the most commonly known product that is pateurized.
Milk is the most concentrated source of bioavailable calcium.
Milk is the most disrupting allergen in the modern diet.
Milk is the most important food in the diet of an infant or child .
Milk is the official state beverage.
Milk is the only food fortified with appreciable amounts of the vitamin.
Milk is the river of life.
Milk is the single most important product.
Milk is the ultimate breakfast drink.
Milk is thin blood.
Milk is three dollars-plus.
Milk is tight and competition for supply is fierce.
Milk is too costly.
Milk is traditionally a symbol of sustenance.
Milk is translucent.
Milk is trickled onto the breast from about half way up the breast.
Milk is unpasteurised.
Milk is up against terrific competition in the beverage aisle.
Milk is used as a beverage and on cereals.
Milk is used for babies.
Milk is used for drinking.
Milk is used for feeding calves that are reared to vealer stage and beyond.
Milk is used for making ice cream, butter, cream, sour cream, and yogurt.
Milk is used to make paneer, a firm cheese made from the curds of whole milk.
Milk is usually the protein used and it is an essential part of making caramels, toffees, and fudge.
Milk is very important to their diet, since they eat little meat and few vegetables.
Milk is very low in iron.
Milk is very perishable because it is an excellent medium for growth of bacteria.
Milk is very runny.
Milk is very tight on the east coast, limiting cheese production.
Milk is what they chiefly drink.
Milk is where they recapture the lost profits.
Milk is white they say, marble idols are white, the base is white and therefore camouflaged.
Milk is white.
Milk is white.
Milk is wholesome, but best used in cheese.
Milk is, by all standards, a complete food in itself.
Milk is, meat is, poultry is, fruits and vegetables are.
Milk is, no doubt, the most important nutrient for the development of the human and animal body.
Milk is, obviously, the half-pint of milk.
Milk isa beverage.
Milk isa food.
Milk isa nutrient.
Milk just happens to naturally contain lactose, one type of sugar, often referred to as milk sugar.
Milk just rolls out of the mouth, often with a burp.
Milk just washes out.
Milk keeps better when frozen anyway.
Milk keeps company with butter, cream, yogurt and cheese.
Milk laugh through either ability instead risk movieline magazine.
Milk leads in Europe data.
Milk limits absorption.
Milk made with sweet potato flour is our favorite.
Milk Make a milkshake with chocolate syrup.
Milk makes muffins taste richer and brown better.
Milk makes yeast sluggish.
Milk means strength.
Milk moving in the milk hose as one solid column indicates the air vent or bleeder hold is plugged.
Milk naturally contains powerful growth hormones.
Milk normally curdles in the strong acid of the stomach soon after it is ingested.
Milk normally flows from inside the gland out through the teat opening into the liner.
Milk occupies a unique intermediate status.
Milk occupies pride of place as the most coveted food in the Indian diet , after wheat and rice.
Milk offers advantage.
Milk offers benefits.
Milk offers health benefits.
Milk offers one of the highest numbers of nutrients per calorie of any beverage.
Milk offers significant advantage.
Milk oozes from several ducts into indentations in the skin.
Milk passes through ducts.
Milk passes through milk ducts.
Milk pours in through the window like sunlight.
Milk produced by affected cows and goats can contain toxins.
Milk produced in accordance with Grade A standards is safe.
Milk produced in excess of quota is subject to penal levies and is effectively confiscated.
Milk produces a softer smoother bread texture and a darker crust than water does.
Milk produces odor.
Milk produces unpleasant odor.
Milk producing cells A. are each capable of the complete synthesis of milk.
Milk producing glands All female mammals possess functional mammary glands that secrete milk.
Milk producing glands are modified sweat glands.
Milk protects the throat from tannin, and consequently cuts the bitter taste.
Milk provides a good source of both phosphorus and calcium in the proper ratio.
Milk provides adequate nutrition.
Milk provides adequate vitamins.
Milk provides both energy and essential body-building compounds.
Milk provides brief relief of ulcer pain because it coats the stomach lining.
Milk provides calcium as well as eight other nutrients necessary for good health.
Milk Provides calcium for bone strength.
Milk provides calcium.
Milk provides calcium.
Milk provides caloric energy to permit normal growth and development.
Milk provides carbohydrates.
Milk provides hormones.
Milk provides important nutrients.
Milk provides necessary nutrients.
Milk provides nutrients.
Milk provides nutrition.
Milk provides plenty of other important nutrients.
Milk provides protection.
Milk provides proteins.
Milk provides the high-quality protein needed to help build muscles.
Milk provides the proteins that are needed for the replenishment of the body after the fever.
Milk provides vitamins.
Milk quickly spoils without refrigeration.
Milk rains down on the floor below.
Milk really does build strong bones.
Milk remains a staple in the Mongolian diet, however.
Milk remains one of the purest and safest foods available.
Milk remains plentiful in the Upper Midwest and Northeast.
Milk remember State across feedback of several patriots collectibles while pricing into an autumn.
Milk represents birth and life sustenance.
Milk represents life and meat represents death.
Milk seems to be fairly soothing for some patients.
Milk shake with fruit.
Milk Sift the flour, baking powder and spice into a mizing bowl.
Milk sold in stores is antibiotic free.
Milk spoils quickly without refrigeration.
Milk spoils very quickly without refrigeration, especially in summer temperatures.
Milk stays fresh longer when a little salt is added.
Milk stays warm and sterile in Unit.
Milk stimulates growth.
Milk substitutes Some bakers use soy milk instead of cows' milk.
Milk surpassing the strictest standards is directed toward cheese making as soon as it is received.
Milk sustains infants and is also beneficial to adults, including the elderly.
Milk take over an argument but swing daffy.
Milk take over an argument but swing fair game.
Milk take over an argument but swing fun facts learning series.
Milk take over an argument but swing gary coleman.
Milk takes a few weeks to come in.
Milk takes a long time to boil over, but also boils over fast.
Milk tastes quite good to the vast majority of the world, especially when chocolate syrup is added.
Milk tends to absorb the odors in the air.
Milk tends to go sour very quickly, particularly in hot weather.
Milk tends to promote mucus production in the body.
Milk tends to stick at the bottom of the pan.
Milk tends to toughen eggs.
Milk then means an elementary doctrine suitable to the ignorant.
Milk touched by the lips of a serpent has poisonous effects.
Milk truly is a deadly poison.
Milk turns into yogurt when a culture of microbes in added to it.
Milk turns sour and forms tiny curdles when a few drops of lemon juice are squeezed into it.
Milk turns sour when bacteria convert lactose to lactic acid.
Milk turns sour.
Milk turns up in some unexpected places.
Milk typically ejects several times during each feed.
Milk Use milk in beverages and in cooking when possible.
Milk vending machines spark sales in Wisconsin schools.
Milk wants pitcher.
Milk weighs more because it is more dense.
Milk works mostly because of the fat content.
Milks cows by hand or by use of milking machine.
Milks cows with mechanical equipment.
Milks is one of six freshmen.
Milk usually forms within two to three days after delivery.
All milk consumed by the half-day students is reimbursable.
All milk contains bacteria, some of which comes from the air and the utensils.
All milk contains leucocytes and only a few secretory cells.
All milk contains protein.
All milk guarantee nowhere, hence lots prize beyond few tree limit.
All milk is an excellent source of vitamins and minerals.
All milk is cultured for bacterial growth.
All milk is sold now via the Organic Milk Suppliers Co-operative.
All milk is tested before entering the plant.
All milk is whole milk.
All milk produced has to be covered by quota from within the system.
All milk sold in British Columbia is required by law to be pasteurized.
Any milk contaminated with residues is discarded.
Any milk testing positive is dumped.
More milk gives a chewier cake.
More milk is provided and more produced.
More milk means more production of dairy products.
Most milk adds micronutrient.
Most milk affects infants.
Most milk comes from cattle.
Most milk comes from cows.
Most milk comes from nipples.
Most milk contains antibodies.
Most milk contains bacteria.
Most milk contains calcium.
Most milk contains calories.
Most milk contains essential nutrients.
Most milk contains essential vitamins.
Most milk contains good bacteria.
Most milk contains growth hormones.
Most milk contains hormones.
Most milk contains lactose.
Most milk contains maternal antibodies.
Most milk contains matter.
Most milk contains minerals.
Most milk contains nutrients.
Most milk contains proteins.
Most milk contains substances.
Most milk contains vitamins.
Most milk encourages growth.
Most milk feeds animals.
Most milk has calcium.
Most milk has calories.
Most milk has effects.
Most milk has lactose.
Most milk has more calories.
Most milk has nasty side effects.
Most milk has side effects.
Most milk has sugar lactose.
Most milk has sugar.
Most milk helps babies.
Most milk helps calcium levels.
Most milk helps calves.
Most milk helps children.
Most milk helps healthy calcium levels.
Most milk helps levels.
Most milk helps many children.
Most milk is consumed by babies.
Most milk is consumed by infants.
Most milk is Grade A nowadays.
Most milk is produced by cows.
Most milk is produced by mammals.
Most milk is produced by terrestrial mammals.
Most milk is provided by mothers.
Most milk offers advantage.
Most milk offers benefits.
Most milk offers health benefits.
Most milk offers significant advantage.
Most milk passes through ducts.
Most milk passes through milk ducts.
Most milk produces odor.
Most milk produces unpleasant odor.
Most milk provides adequate nutrition.
Most milk provides adequate vitamins.
Most milk provides calcium.
Most milk provides carbohydrates.
Most milk provides hormones.
Most milk provides important nutrients.
Most milk provides necessary nutrients.
Most milk provides nutrients.
Most milk provides nutrition.
Most milk provides protection.
Most milk provides proteins.
Most milk provides vitamins.
Most milk sold in the U.S. is pasteurized and homogenized.
Some milk adds water.
Some milk becomes components.
Some milk becomes meals.
Some milk becomes yoghurt.
Some milk causes allergies.
Some milk causes bruise.
Some milk causes death.
Some milk causes dehydration.
Some milk causes digestion problems.
Some milk causes gastrointestinal problems.
Some milk causes headaches.
Some milk causes problems.
Some milk comes from digestive tracts.
Some milk comes from goats.
Some milk comes from tracts.
Some milk comes from upper digestive tracts.
Some milk comes from upper tracts.
Some milk contains acid.
Some milk contains blood.
Some milk contains carbohydrates.
Some milk contains fatty acid.
Some milk contains germ.
Some milk contains lipids.
Some milk contains liters.
Some milk contains magnesium.
Some milk contains soy.
Some milk decreases absorption.
Some milk feeds to calves.
Some milk has antibodies.
Some milk has concentration.
Some milk has functions.
Some milk has great interest.
Some milk has interest.
Some milk has life.
Some milk has major roles.
Some milk has places.
Some milk has proteins.
Some milk has roles.
Some milk has shelf life.
Some milk is consumed by calves.
Some milk is produced by camels.
Some milk is produced by goats.
Some milk is produced by yaks.
Some milk is stored in the ducts.
Some milk mixes with honey.
Some milk mixes with sugar.
Some milk produces products.
Some milk provides fuel.
Some milk reduces allergic reaction.
Some milk reduces injuries.
Some milk reduces reaction.
Some milk reduces tissue injuries.
Some milk remains separate.
Some milk requires attention.
Some milk requires careful attention.
Some milk requires same careful attention.
A milker is cattle
Milkers stay calmer because they are less likely to be hit in the face with a wet, dirty, tail.
Milking cows are in the extension to the right, which has pipeline milkers.
Milking cows show a marked decrease in milk production.
A milkmaid is a hand
Milkmaids come cheap, yet less so than last year.
A milkman is an employee
Milkman agrees to meet the men at sundown.
Milkman appears destined for a life of isolation and self-alienation.
Milkman is born into the noble lineage of a prominent black doctor and a wealthy landowner.
Milkman is finally unsure and scared.
Milkman is lit up by the flash.
Milkman isa employee.
Milkman learns lots of other things, too.
Milkman understands that every man has different tastes.
Milkmans bring milk.
Milkmans bring raw milk.
Milkmans have (part) arms.
Milkmans have (part) body substances.
Milkmans have (part) cell membranes.
Milkmans have (part) cells.
Milkmans have (part) corpi.
Milkmans have (part) cytoplasm.
Milkmans have (part) heads.
Milkmans have (part) human bodies.
Milkmans have (part) legs.
Milkmans have (part) material bodies.
Milkmans have (part) necks.
Milkmans have (part) nuclei.
Milkmans have (part) personality.
Milkmans have (part) plasma membranes.
Milkmans have (part) sections.
Milkmans have (part) vacuoles.
Milkmans make journeys.
Milkmen deliver twice a week Millionaires pay to have it done.
Milkmen do it in the morning.
Most milkmans bring milk.
Most milkmans bring raw milk.
Most milkmans make journeys.
Some milkmans have affairs.
Some milkmans have brief affairs.
Some milkmans reject options.
Some milkmans share values.
Some milkmans use songs.
Milkweed bugs do damage.
Milkweed bugs do little damage.
Milkweed flowers produce nectar.
Milkweed flowers produce sugary nectar.
Milkweed plants grow from long taproots.
Milkweed plants grow from taproots.
Milkweed plants have potential.
Milkweed plants have roots.
Milkweed plants invade farms.
Milkweed plants provide shelter.
A milkweed is a milk thistle
Milkweed addresses the themes of survival, caring for others, and existence itself.
Milkweed also contains toxins that can help protect a caterpillar.
Milkweed also draws hummingbirds and hummingbird clearwing moths to the garden for nectar.
Milkweed cardenolides and their comparative processing by monarch butterflies.
Milkweed contains a milky juice that birds find extremely distasteful.
Milkweed exudes a thick white sap from any cut or broken surface.
Milkweed grows in pastures , near roadsides, and on the banks of lakes and streams.
Milkweed grows in thickets, roadsides, meadows, fields, and even in vacant urban lots.
Milkweed has a tough life for a poisonous plant.
Milkweed has many large leaves, and it tends to grow in clumps.
Milkweed has pollenlike seeds that act as good insulation.
Milkweed is a good place to look for monarch caterpillars.
Milkweed is a great fire starter.
Milkweed is a perennial that often bears blossoms and fruit at the same time.
Milkweed is a very common garden plant as well as a common weed.
Milkweed is a very common type of plant, but identifying it is the tricky part.
Milkweed is an essential feature of quality monarch habitat.
Milkweed is an important food for monarch butterflies and it provides nectar for bees.
Milkweed is common in fields, meadows, and along roadsides.
Milkweed is in the latter group.
Milkweed is the exclusive diet of monarch larvae.
Milkweed is the host plant for most of the monarchs life cycle.
Milkweed is the only plant that they can lay their eggs on.
Milkweed is the primary food for the larva or caterpillar stage of the monarch butterfly.
Milkweed is the sole plant food of the monarch larva and is found in abundance in the park.
Milkweed is used for kidney and gallstone problems.
Milkweed is used to help pass gallstones.
Milkweed isa herb.
Milkweed prefers full sun with light fertilizer for fastest growth.
Milkweed stems and grapevine bark are examples.
Milkweed stems are collected after the stalks senesce in late fall-early winter.
Milkweed survives winter but monarchs return to the tropics.
Milkweeds also produce large clusters of flowers.
Milkweeds are also important as a source of nectar to many pollinators.
Milkweeds are also noteworthy for their ornately complex pollination machinery.
Milkweeds are an excellent choice for a habitat garden.
Milkweeds are distinguished from milkweeds.
Milkweeds are herbaceous plants.
Milkweeds are herbs.
Milkweeds attract butterflies.
Milkweeds contain chemicals.
Milkweeds contain substances.
Milkweeds contain toxic chemicals.
Milkweeds display symptoms.
Milkweeds have (part) cell membranes.
Milkweeds have (part) cells.
Milkweeds have (part) corpi.
Milkweeds have (part) cytoplasm.
Milkweeds have (part) nuclei.
Milkweeds have (part) plasma membranes.
Milkweeds have (part) sections.
Milkweeds have (part) vacuoles.
Milkweeds have (part) vegetables.
Milkweeds have effects.
Milkweeds have flowers.
Milkweeds have leaves.
Milkweeds have negative effects.
Milkweeds have roots.
Milkweeds live throughout the country and look different in different areas.
Milkweeds supply tough fibers for making cords and ropes, and for weaving a coarse cloth.
All milkweeds are perennials and some can be grown from cuttings.
Most milkweeds are distinguished from milkweeds.
Most milkweeds attract butterflies.
Most milkweeds contain chemicals.
Most milkweeds contain substances.
Most milkweeds contain toxic chemicals.
Most milkweeds have effects.
Most milkweeds have flowers.
Most milkweeds have leaves.
Most milkweeds have negative effects.
Most milkweeds have roots.
Some milkweed stems have potential.
Some milkweeds contain chemical compounds.
Some milkweeds contain compounds.
Some milkweeds contain poison.
Some milkweeds contain steroids.
Some milkweeds grow in agricultural areas.
Some milkweeds grow in areas.
Some milkweeds grow in gardens.
Some milkweeds grow in wood.
Some milkweeds have applications.
Some milkweeds have protection.
Some milkweeds have reputations.
Some milkweeds have whorls.
Some milkweeds provide abundant food.
Some milkweeds provide food.
Some milkweeds require treatments.
Some milkweeds retain characteristics.
Some milkweeds retain distinctive characteristics.
Milky bar is creamy white.
Some milky fluid contains enzymes.
Some milky fluid contains rubber.
Some milky fluid is produced by glands.
Some milky fluid is produced by prostate glands.
Milky oil can indicate a bad oil seal.
Milky quartz is a common mineral that is found in many different types of rocks.
Milky quartz is only one of several different quartz varieties.
Milky quartz is the most common variety, making up the great bulk of all veins.
Milky sap is often a skin irritant that causes swelling of tissues.
Milky sap is sticky.
Some milky secretion is produced by mothers.
Some milky substances are produced by glands.
Some milky substances encourage growth.
Some milky substances encourage plant growth.
Mill City has council-manager government.
Mill Creek borders the grounds on both the south and west sides.
Mill Creek drains an industrial area in the City of Springfield.
Mill Creek is a clear stream that is bordered by thick forest.
Mill Creek is easily accessible but dry.
Mill Creek is interconnected with the city of Quincy for emergency use only.
Mill Creek is known for intensely colored and chunky rainbow trout.
Mill Creek is located just northeast of the upper-western most corner where Wyoming meets Montana.
Mill Creek is on the right.
Mill Creek is one of two corridors that extend deep into the wilderness area.
Mill Creek is the largest stream and lies wholly within the township.
Mill Creek is upriver from the boat ramp about the same distance.
Mill Creek is usually stock twice a year, once before season and once in season.
Mill Creek leads back into Lory.
Mill Creek offers enrichment and remedial programs to address the needs of all of our students.
Mill Creek runs from northwest to southeast across the central portion of the county.
Mill Valley are moribund sites with little to offer either residents or businesses.
Mill Valley is a charming destination for a day trip or a weekend getaway.
Mill Valley is a town of fascinating juxtapositions.
Mill Valley is at the bottom of the tree-covered ridge.
Mill Valley is surrounded by parklands on three sides.
A mill is a plant
Mill exist on most topic or spell funnies.
Mill exist on most topic or spell turtle.
Mill isa machinery.
Mills again reflects on the growth of the fraternity and emphasizes a harmonious fraternal spirit.
Mills allows anyone who is an undergraduate to join the team.
Mills also acts as the mediator between the board and the student government.
Mills also advises using proper safety gear, such as face protection and gloves.
Mills also can increase casting speed by increasing oscillation.
Mills also cautions parents to individualize their time with their children.
Mills also claims to have suffered only mildly from meltdown.
Mills also has a number of tools for checking and enforcing security on ella accounts.
Mills also produce pollution that leads to smog and global warming.
Mills also receive unmarked radioactive gages.
Mills also says it has made the effect reproducible.
Mills also spins and weaves.
Mills also wants to develop the arts and environmental programs at the college.
Mills are businesses run by people who breed animals to sell.
Mills are commercial operations, while museums are educational institutions.
Mills are important artifacts.
Mills are located in barns.
Mills are located in cities.
Mills are located in countries.
Mills are located in deserts.
Mills are located in forests.
Mills are located in towns.
Mills are located in villages.
Mills are machinery.
Mills are plenty, no trouble about getting grinding.
Mills are rather scarce, though the prospect is increasingly favorable.
Mills are reluctant to buy contaminated lint.
Mills are reluctant to sale at throw-away price.
Mills are the suppliers, fabricators are the buyers.
Mills are used for crunchs.
Mills are used for crushings.
Mills are used for crushs.
Mills are used for flour.
Mills are used for grinding.
Mills are used for mills.
Mills are used for shaping.
Mills are usually very protective of their merchant relationships.
Mills are very costly to restore.
Mills brings every number to dramatic life, and that's sufficient.
Mills bros repeat verse.
Mills can auction off their excess and secondary products.
Mills can condition the slag with dolomitic lime or dolomite stone before blowing.
Mills can sing.
Mills can thrive only as one of the team's sharpshooters off the bench.
Mills captures the mood with tenderness and warmth.
Mills catches the angst and awkwardness of middle-schoolers with a light and humorous touch.
Mills charge more due to loss of time in closing down machines to clean before running organic.
Mills claims the process is an enhanced chemical reaction rather than a nuclear one.
Mills clearly needs to do two things.
Mills continually reworks and modifies holeopeners and drilling tools.
Mills continue to accept lower bids on product just to get something moving.
Mills continues to be active as a soloist and brass quintet clinician.
Mills convert energy.
Mills convert wind energy.
Mills counts on students for the challenges ahead.
Mills describes major events that took place in Kazan's career.
Mills deserves much credit for raising a neglected subject essential for all writers.
Mills dishes up a potent story, carried by characters that enrich and enliven the plot.
Mills enjoy career day with five hits, six RBIs.
Mills explains how to command attention, change minds, and influence people.
Mills faculty needing the room to view video or slides in conjunction with specific class sessions.
Mills goes on to look at the character of the elite.
Mills gross more but cut less timber as restrictions push ahead log values.
Mills has perhaps the highest ceiling of any college pitcher in the draft.
Mills has the top throw in the league in the discus.
Mills have (part) sections.
Mills have blast furnaces.
Mills have furnaces.
Mills have machines.
Mills holds several interface patents in the areas of digital video and sound.
Mills is a beautiful blonde boy, turned in to rescue because of a new baby in the household.
Mills is a fairly open-minded place.
Mills is a former power engineer.
Mills is a quiet leader.
Mills is a selective liberal arts college for women, with coeducational graduate programs.
Mills is a tremendous scorer who can catch and shoot and shoot off the dribble.
Mills is a women's institution aimed at educating women and furthering their success in the world.
Mills is all brawn and little brain.
Mills is also disappointed with the current judicial branch.
Mills is an alumnus of Leadership Georgia.
Mills is confident as both teams approach the championship season.
Mills is considered the father of modern Japanese college football.
Mills is house trained and crate trained, and is a delightful puppy.
Mills is now a graphic designer, creating ads and billboards for businesses.
Mills is now dead.
Mills is one of the top guards in the state.
Mills is openly gay.
Mills is the author of numerous publications and articles.
Mills is the complete package.
Mills is the latest of a series of high-profile departures in the UK channel.
Mills is the oldest women's college west of the Rockies.
Mills is the only other Detroit player averaging in double figures through the first two games.
Mills is the only rookie in the crew.
Mills is the second partner at the firm to be named president of a leading American college.
Mills is the starting nose tackle.
Mills knows that first hand.
Mills lists four presuppositions that seem to be accepted by most scientists.
Mills make wonderfull mills but perhaps make poor museums and other types of structures.
Mills maybe be expensive to restore but why spend more money than is necessary.
Mills needs now.
Mills now lives in Omaha.
Mills offers preprofessional programs in medicine and health sciences, law, education, and business.
Mills offers three especially illuminating insights on resistance in the colonial asylum.
Mills pay a premium to transport scrap from a remote market.
Mills plays twins trying to get their divorced parents together again.
Mills prior arrest history includes primarily driving offenses.
Mills produce products.
Mills produce specialty paper products.
Mills proposes that the giant stone pyramids functioned to balance an unstable planet.
Mills provides print work for a client that supplies database services for direct marketers.
Mills quickly runs out of the arena.
Mills reads 'heroic tribe'.
Mills receives a summary of every bill introduced to the legislature.
Mills recoup their costs only if they significantly extend their rolling campaigns.
Mills recycle cellulose fibre for all or part of their raw material needs.
Mills remove the bran to produce white rice.
Mills represent a tangible technology.
Mills require a lot of attention and maintenance.
Mills run continuously and high efficiency keeps cost down.
Mills runs the show with flair and pizzazz.
Mills seem to have inordinate difficulty forecasting their scrap needs.
Mills seem to have slowed production enough to draw down inventories, which firms prices.
Mills seem to love to dominate the landscape.
Mills seems ready to blossom as a kick returner.
Mills ship their product using various modes to include truck, rail and barge.
Mills snuck into the tree line and moved closer to the creature.
Mills spearheads a charity campaign that provides limbs for victims of wars around the globe.
Mills spends about a quarter of a million dollars every year on renovation and general work.
Mills still swims competitively.
Mills strives to be an extraordinary funeral director.
Mills struggle with wrath, one of the seven deadly sins.
Mills takes pride in working at the largest communications station in the world.
Mills talks about the bourgeoisie, the feudal epoch, monopolies, and the laissez-faire.
Mills too can also be museums, either they are static or operating.
Mills truly demonstrates the importance of life-long learning.
Mills try to reduce inventory in the spring because logs can spoil in the summer.
Mills urges cooks to exercise great care when using meat thermometers to grill hamburgers.
Mills use the recovered material and produce new material, which is the feedstock for manufacturers.
Mills uses chrome plated zamac or cast stainless steel hardware.
Mills sometimes hears criticism about student athlete benefits.
All mills have size limitations on the wood used for manufacturing their products.
Every mill is just a little different, depending on the kind of flour needed for the end product.
Every mill is ready to use, no assembly is required.
Many mills feature matching cover grade papers.
Many mills offer beef pellets.
Most mills are in disreputable condition.
Most mills are very small and serving local markets.
Most mills are well lit and equipped with loading docks.
Most mills convert energy.
Most mills convert wind energy.
Most mills have blast furnaces.
Most mills have furnaces.
Most mills have machines.
Most mills produce products.
Most mills produce specialty paper products.
Most mills use sodium hydroxide and sulphur cocktails.
Some mills also add some ground wood or sawdust to the mix.
Some mills also cooperate with strong overseas competitors.
Some mills can accept limited amounts of waxed corrugated especially with proper source separation.
Some mills consider that side nailing on slabs can produce defects in the rolled products.
Some mills continue to discharge in excess of current effluent guidelines.
Some mills even make dog food and sell it wholesale.
Some mills generate nibs.
Some mills get their wheat by boat or barge from different growing regions.
Some mills maintain a distinct identity within the auspices of their new owners.
Some mills prefer applicants to possess a high school diploma and additional technical training.
Some mills produce grind talcs.
Some mills produce lumber from several different species.
Some mills produce talcs.
Some mills produce wastewater.
Some mills report demand for lumber good but prices are poor.
Some mills use methods.
Some mills use other methods.
Some mills use residues.
Some mills welcome customer calls, but others protect their relationships with distributors.
Millar family attends our church.
Millenarian belief is never, or never only, a thing of the fringe.
Millenarian beliefs are a minor part of the teaching of most religions.
Millenarian movements exist all over the world and take the most diverse forms.
A millenarianism is a doctrine
Millenarianism certainly plays a large part, for example, in Russian spirituality.
Millenarianism has many faces.
Millennia is perfect for a wide range of applications.
Millennia now makes available the finest in both worlds.
Millennia provides great support and free updates as required.
Millennia unites design, dimension and texture, bridging the transistion to the future.
Millennial airfare is predictably expensive.
Millennial dates are like very dry forests.
Millennial madness is back again.
Most millennial madness has a quasi-religious tone.
Millennial moments are just particularly 'charged' moments.
Millennial movements appear, proclaiming either doom or utopia.
Millennial movements can flourish in any year.
Millennial racism is extremely complex.
Millennial zeal is far from new.
Millennium bug gives new life to old-time programmers.
Millennium community histories a selective handlist.
Millennium Island is a tiny, normally uninhabited atoll made up of palm beaches and a coral sea.
Millennium Park is the result of one of the endeavors for beautification of the city.
Millennium products is the nation-wide search for the UK's most innovative products and services.
Millennium projects appear jinxed.
Millennium scholarships are to be reversed.
Millennium stamp is on the lid.
A millennium is a period
Millennia come and go, but Arkansas wages remain near the bottom.
Millennia go by, or perhaps it is only a moment.
Millennium achieves research milestone in obesity.
Millennium allows employers access to all payroll information for no additional cost.
Millennium can automatically create drum-maps from a collection of stereo and mono samples.
Millennium comes from two Latin words, mille , meaning thousand, and annus , meaning a year.
Millennium dome interactive visual tour of London.
Millennium gets patent on new obesity gene.
Millennium holds a very strong position in therapeutic antibody development.
Millennium includes expanded multimedia support.
Millennium invests in unregulated ventures related to the energy business.
Millennium is a company whose physical location is in Panama City, Panama.
Millennium is a gene discovery company.
Millennium is a giant.
Millennium is a military research effort to design an ultra-wideband radio.
Millennium is a serious research facility.
Millennium is a small software house supplying system solutions primarily to the travel industry.
Millennium is a textbook example of how international law enforcement organizations can cooperate.
Millennium is a time for endings and consummations.
Millennium is a wired school.
Millennium is actually a demographics hit.
Millennium is by far the easiest software to use with outstanding technical support.
Millennium is committed to introducing new, progressive services that our customers want.
Millennium is definitely more praiseworthy than problematic.
Millennium is more than a payphone.
Millennium is one of a dozen or so genomic companies that have sprung up over the last three years.
Millennium is scary, and perhaps, just a little too close to home.
Millennium is still a shell company and no assets have yet been transferred to it.
Millennium is still the norm, but a secular one.
Millennium is the classic example of the hybrid model.
Millennium is the perfect catamaran for a wonderful diving vacation.
Millennium is under discussion and on track for purchasing.
Millennium is used popularly in two related, but distinct ways.
Millennium looms larger.
Millennium means a period of great happiness, peace and prosperity.
Millennium offers a full range of channels as well as high-speed internet access.
Millennium offers an excellent compensation and benefits package.
Millennium offers wedding video production live.
Millennium provides the ultimate blend of sailing performance and cruising comfort.
Millennium receives a licensing fee, funding for research, milestone payments and royalties.
Millennium redefines the term lavish.
Millennium responds well to our requirements.
Millennium seems destined to vanish down.
Millennium show No new information on the proposed millennium show has become available.
Millenniums are anniversaries.
Millenniums are dates.
Millenniums are doctrines.
Millenniums are time periods.
Millenniums only come around every so often.
Every millennium has a doomsday cult.
Every millennium is like that.
Millepede isa arthropod.
Millepedes have (part) brains.
Millepedes have (part) carapaces.
Millepedes have (part) cell membranes.
Millepedes have (part) cells.
Millepedes have (part) corpi.
Millepedes have (part) cytoplasm.
Millepedes have (part) ears.
Millepedes have (part) faces.
Millepedes have (part) heads.
Millepedes have (part) nuclei.
Millepedes have (part) plasma membranes.
Millepedes have (part) sections.
Millepedes have (part) shells.
Millepedes have (part) skulls.
Millepedes have (part) thoraxes.
Millepedes have (part) vacuoles.
Miller executives say they're excited about the new venture.
Miller experiments produce five times more unifunctional molecules than bifunctional molecules.
Miller Island develops, own and manage power plants.
Miller moths seek shelter.
Most miller moths seek shelter.
A miller is a moth
Miller advocates words like spark, stomp, slither, bang, scratch, slick , and whack .
Miller definitely knows what dramaturgy is now.
Miller Is Nat l.
Miller isa worker.
Miller packs honey for distribution in the western region.
Miller rides off alone, at last a man.
Miller throws off the cape and boogies down in the middle of the ring.
Miller wonders too.
Millers are craftsmans.
Millers are generally independent thinkers and hate to be told what to do.
Millers are shapers.
Millers claim, however, that there is only enough grain for one week.
Millers combine the two types of wheat in their blend to improve interior loaf characteristics.
Millers continue to prefer cheaper wheat from abroad.
Millers describe methods.
Millers discount heavily for sprouted grain even if there is no visible evidence of sprouting.
Millers disputes the declaratory judgment in two respects.
Millers enjoy being local foster parents.
Millers have (part) arms.
Millers have (part) body substances.
Millers have (part) cell membranes.
Millers have (part) cells.
Millers have (part) corpi.
Millers have (part) cytoplasm.
Millers have (part) heads.
Millers have (part) human bodies.
Millers have (part) legs.
Millers have (part) material bodies.
Millers have (part) necks.
Millers have (part) nuclei.
Millers have (part) personality.
Millers have (part) plasma membranes.
Millers have (part) sections.
Millers have (part) vacuoles.
Millers have a specification they want.
Millers need growth.
Millers ply or engage in their craft by crushing grains into flour.
Millers remove the hulls and use the kernel, or groat for food production.
Millers talk about extraction rates.
Most millers describe methods.
Most millers tell growers which hybrids they'll accept.
Some millers confirm observations.
Some millers describe theories.
Some millers estimate yaks.
Some millers examine advertise effectiveness.
Some millers examine effectiveness.
Some millers give descriptions.
Some millers have concern.
Some millers have juncos.
Some millers have responsibility.
Some millers make senses.
Some millers provide services.
Some millers raise daughters.
Some millers report predation.
Some millers retain status.
Some millers see members.
Some millers see power.
Some millers take better care of their dogs, than other do.
Some millers write policy.
Some millers write responses.
Millet cultivation is common on the lower slopes.
Millet flour gives a nutty tone.
Millet seeds attract song sparrows, white-throated sparrows, chickadees, and juncos.
Millet yields are usually lower than sorghum-sudangrass hybrids.
A millet is grain
Millets are a major food staple in much of Asia, Eastern Europe, and the western part of Africa.
Millets are cereals.
Millets are grain.
Millets are seeds.
Millets grow well in arid and semi-arid environments, requiring less water than any other grain.
Much millet is grown in China, India, Manchuria, the USSR, and Africa.
Milleted sorghums are fine and inexpensive.
A millibar is an unit
Millibars are a direct measure of pressure, like pounds per square inch, but in the metric system.
Millibars are obsolete units.
Millibars are part of bars.
Millibars change to thousands.
Millibars flying under their true colors are obsolete, but still better than hectopascals.
Millibars is the unit used most by meteorologists.
A milligram is a mass unit
A milligram is a metric
Milligram isa unit.
Milligrams are very small measurements of solid weight in the international metric system.
Milligrams are very tiny - there are one thousand milligrams in a gram.
Milligrams measure an object's mass, while milliliters measure the volume of liquids.
A milliliter is a metric
Milliliter isa unit.
Milliliters are a unit of volume, or amount of space.
Milliliters are more precise than liquid ounces, grams are more precise than ounces and so on.
A millimeter is a linear measure
A millimeter is a metric
Millimeter isa unit.
Millimeters are the best and easiest choice, but inches work.
Millimeters have (part) nms.
Some millimeters are part of centimeters.
Some millimeters are part of centimetres.
Some millimeters are part of cms.
A millimetre is a linear measure
A millimetre is a metric
Millimetre array telescopes .
Millimetres seem to be increasingly common.
Every millimetre is a measured tactic, every light, every fixture has a purpose.
A milliner is a maker
A milliner is a merchant
Milliners are people who make hats.
Milling machines are the principal machine tool used in milling.
Milling are edges.
Milling are grinding.
Millinocket blueberries are a few ripe to middle fruiting.
Millions of Cats Make a tape of the book with a group of children and say the recurring phrases.
Millions of uses result in only a handful of serious problems being reported.
Million workers provide education.
A million is a large integer
Millions already do.
Millions already have.
Millions already use instant messaging on PCs connected to the Internet.
Millions already use instant messaging on personal computers connected to the Internet.
Millions already use instant messaging services on PCs connected to the Web.
Millions also hold billions of dollars in fixed-rate annuities.
Millions also use our commercial airlines.
Millions also visit the official website.
Millions also work as coffee pickers on smallholder farms and coffee plantations.
Millions apply nail polish, nail sunscreens, and the latest strengtheners and quickdries.
Millions are antichrist.
Millions are dead and hundreds of thousands of civilians still flee villages under attack.
Millions are functionally illiterate, completely put off or puzzled by the printed page.
Millions are happily married or happily single.
Millions are homeless and unemployed.
Millions are homeless, and hundreds of thousands are isolated.
Millions are homeless.
Millions are in awe.
Millions are in daily use.
Millions are in military and police storage facilities in every country.
Millions are in use worldwide by golfers, trainers and club makers.
Millions are literally without food, clothing, shelter and education.
Millions are newly unemployed.
Millions are now capable of living and embodying the teachings of truth, love and ascension.
Millions are on the ancestral trail, seeking historical evidence about their forebears.
Millions are poverty stricken in Latin America because of the greed and selfishness of the rich.
Millions are right now hurriedly gulping a cup of coffee and a doughnut.
Millions are still in darkness.
Millions are unemployed or underemployed.
Millions are unemployed, working for starvation wages or living on inadequate pensions.
Millions are unemployed.
Millions are victims of online fraud, but most say they'll stay connected.
Millions are victims of racial harassment and discrimination.
Millions are without access to clean drinking water even today.
Millions arrive to purify their inner self through holy bathing rituals.
Millions ask every day but few ask humbly.
Millions attend church regularly.
Millions await sorting and cataloging.
Millions believe regular donations to a church bring good fortune.
Millions believe so.
Millions believe that the federal government and the press are corrupt.
Millions believe that witchcraft is evil, dangerous, and to be greatly feared.
Millions benefit directly, through active participation.
Millions benefit from hearing care and hearing instruments.
Millions bow down to idols and images.
Millions buy into distress and dysfunction and desire.
Millions can best measure the total volume of annual health claims, as an example.
Millions can build sites that offer up fact and fallacy alike.
Millions can talk to each other through their toys all over the world.
Millions cheer good news.
Millions cheer in living rooms, lounges and airports as their nation's team brings home the gold.
Millions claim to experience the supernatural.
Millions come seeking knowledge, entertainment, resources, and inspiration.
Millions complain about stomach problems .
Millions continue to be deprived of basic rights and are threatened with hunger.
Millions count it as their most valuable possession.
Millions decorate American homes.
Millions depend upon pensions to survive.
Millions die and seven planets are quarantined while a cure for the plague is researched.
Millions die as a result.
Millions die as the creatures continue to spread across the planet.
Millions die at each stage of maturity.
Millions die before domestic matters are set right, as the gods battle for Earth.
Millions die before they are five years old because they get too little food, or the wrong kind.
Millions die from preventable disease.
Millions die from starvation, disease, and radiation sickness.
Millions die in religious and ethnic conflicts.
Millions die of disease and capitalist wars.
Millions die off, and the cycle begins all over again.
Millions die on the way to slaughter.
Millions die senselessly for their country and religion.
Millions die yearly from tobacco.
Millions discover their personal wealth is less tangible than they thought.
Millions do everyday.
Millions do it.
Millions Do. . .
Millions don t know they have high blood pressure.
Millions don t understand the purpose of diversification.
Millions donate their time and money to charities.
Millions embark upon family life when they are ill prepared for it.
Millions end up as domestic or even sex slaves, unable to return to their own homes.
Millions endure the violence of poverty and economic exploitation.
Millions enjoy access to the Internet system for a variety of reasons.
Millions explore faith online.
Millions face cancer risk.
Millions face death by starvation.
Millions face food shortages in Africa .
Millions face starvation.
Millions feel cheated, embittered.
Millions flow as candidates and their backers sing their praises and slander their opponents.
Millions follow the procession.
Millions gamble and simply do without it.
Millions glibly call for repentance but few understand it.
Millions go from the cradle to the coffin without knowing what it is to live.
Millions go hungry because of aid pledges unfulfilled.
Millions go hungry everyday, largely because of poverty, conflict, and problems with distribution.
Millions go hungry in the U.S. as well.
Millions go online every day and they all have money in their pockets to spend.
Millions go there every year, followed by thousands of tourists.
Millions go there looking for stuff.
Millions go voting in Britain s elections.
Millions have a serious sleep debt.
Millions have arthritis.
Millions have facts, but no ideas.
Millions have inadequate food, housing, health care, education and security for the future.
Millions have market expectations that are totally out of line with historic averages.
Millions have no access to running water and health care.
Millions have no health insurance.
Millions have no home or family.
Millions hinge on performance in walk year.
Millions is a conservative estimate.
Millions is too abstract for people to relate to.
Millions know people who simply disappeared into the camps, never to be heard from again.
Millions know the hush of veneration in watching eagles snatch fish.
Millions lack basic knowledge of investment terms and strategies.
Millions lack enough food and medicine.
Millions lack instruction in basic first aid.
Millions laugh at such quips.
Millions laugh hysterically.
Millions leave democratic society behind when they go to work.
Millions live and or work on four relatively small islands and a peninsula.
Millions live and or work on four relatively small islands and a peninsular.
Millions live by much higher economic standards than ever experienced by their forefathers.
Millions live here by choice.
Millions live in abject poverty, eyeing their middle class neighbors with envy.
Millions live in abject poverty.
Millions live in fear of thuggish gangs who carry out the dirty work of the country's politicians.
Millions live in poverty.
Millions live in senior housing.
Millions live there and grow food for Egypt and Vietnam.
Millions live vicariously through the success of teams and stars.
Millions live without adequate shelter or clothing.
Millions live without medical attention for even the most basic illnesses.
Millions lose their job and never see it coming.
Millions migrate each year, scraping around for employment, even when there is no drought.
Millions more become blind.
Millions more can find no jobs at all.
Millions more can say the same thing.
Millions more die forlorn and in pain after being abandoned on the streets.
Millions more die from conditions caused or aggravated by environmental decay.
Millions more die from sudden illness, such as heart attack and stroke.
Millions more die from sudden illnesses, such as heart attack and stroke.
Millions more die to end up as tourist trinkets.
Millions more enter from fleets of company or rental cars.
Millions more exist worldwide.
Millions more find themselves out of work as the result of corporate downsizing.
Millions more receive only rudimentary care.
Millions more starve to death or are killed on our nation's highways.
Millions more suffer from arthritis, chronic fatigue, stomach and digestive problems.
Millions more suffer from food allergies.
Millions more suffer from hunger during times of seasonal or periodic food shortages.
Millions more suffer from invisible disabilities that can be just as devastating.
Millions more suffer from lesser degrees of iron deficiency.
Millions more suffer from seasonal or chronic allergies.
Millions more suffer from stress-related illnesses.
Millions more watch the tournament on television in the U.S. and abroad.
Millions once collecting welfare checks now hold jobs.
Millions owe their lives to animal research.
Millions pack the streets, many camping out all night for a good vantage place.
Millions partake in the activity each year.
Millions participate every year.
Millions participate worldwide.
Millions pay to see movies just to think about sleeping with an actor.
Millions peer into the bubble more and tut-tut.
Millions perish without realizing it.
Millions raises an excellent point.
Millions read the book on which the film was based.
Millions read the election results in the newspapers the next day.
Millions rely on our benefit programs for their health and well being.
Millions remain deprived of their basic civic rights.
Millions remain in poverty.
Millions remain vulnerable, particularly widows, the wounded, child soldiers, and the handicapped.
Millions require the care that can only be provided in a nursing home.
Millions respond with complete apathy.
Millions roam the asphalt jungle with hungry hearts.
Millions seek a painless, effortless way to shed unwanted pounds.
Millions seek it.
Millions shake their heads at the symmetry and chuckle.
Millions sigh in dejection.
Millions spent on public health are inflationary.
Millions stagnate in camps, displaced by war, famine and political oppression.
Millions starve and are homeless, while a few hundred are billionaires.
Millions starve in Chad.
Millions starve when governments spend on weapons.
Millions starve while others gorge.
Millions still do.
Millions still live on the margins of the world economy.
Millions still practice it worldwide.
Millions struggle to make ends meet, often taking two, three or even more jobs in order to survive.
Millions struggle to survive each day.
Millions suffer and die from malnutrition.
Millions suffer as a result of their work.
Millions suffer daily and many more have suffered for years.
Millions suffer from chronic muscle soreness, stiffness and fatigue.
Millions suffer from hunger despite massive relief efforts.
Millions suffer from shyness, even though as a concept, it is difficult to define.
Millions suffer from strains of malaria that are increasingly resistant to any drug.
Millions suffer needlessly from embarrassment and discomfort.
Millions suffer needlessly from illnesses caused by food borne pathogens.
Millions suffer physically, emotionally, and financially from medical malpractice.
Millions suffer silent strokes.
Millions suffer sleeplessness, and marriages are wrecked.
Millions suffer, endure, and survive dreadful childhoods without stooping to murder.
Millions swear by the power of common household baking soda.
Millions take it and swear by it.
Millions take one or more vitamins daily.
Millions think they are.
Millions toil to obtain what the banker or the welfare recipient get for nothing.
Millions try to alleviate the problem with supplemental electric room heaters.
Millions try to quit.
Millions turn to the Internet for information.
Millions undergo costly treatments after being exposed to the disease.
Millions understandably feel uptight, worried and insecure.
Millions use cannabis.
Millions use computers at home or work.
Millions use guns to defend themselves, usually without having to fire a shot.
Millions use illegal drugs already.
Millions use it regularly.
Millions use it to combat depression.
Millions use it to stay in touch with friends and family.
Millions use magnets to obtain comfort for arthritis, carpal tunnel syndrome, and injuries.
Millions visit here every year.
Millions visit refuges every year.
Millions wait in anticipation as the countdown progresses.
Millions waste their money on diet pills, herbs and diet contraptions.
Millions watch as two teams push forward against enormous odds.
Millions watch the televised nuptials.
Millions watch violent TV without becoming 'criminals'.
Millions wish it was that simple.
Millions worldwide are stateless and on the move.
Millions worldwide suffer complications from sickle cell disease.
Millions worldwide testify by their daily use that it has some desirable chemical effects.
Many millions burn up every day, several tens on miles up in our atmosphere.
Many millions die each year due to diseases related to malnutrition.
Many millions die worldwide.
Many millions go annually from the treasury of the South and never return.
Many millions have command of a text as well as a language.
Many millions live in conditions of extreme deprivation.
Many millions more are undernourished.
Many millions more live on with ill health and poor growth.
A millionaire is a person
Millionaire is image-based.
Millionaire isa individual.
Millionaire isa person.
Millionaire isa somebody.
Millionaire isa someone.
Millionaires also are happy to accept subsidies from other taxpayers.
Millionaires are happy because they're having a ball doing what's fun.
Millionaires are people.
Millionaires are the kind of men whom blonds prefer.
Millionaires compare themselves to billionaires and feel inadequate.
Millionaires control wealth.
Millionaires exhibit many positive personal traits like discipline and focus.
Millionaires have (part) arms.
Millionaires have (part) body substances.
Millionaires have (part) cell membranes.
Millionaires have (part) cells.
Millionaires have (part) corpi.
Millionaires have (part) cytoplasm.
Millionaires have (part) heads.
Millionaires have (part) human bodies.
Millionaires have (part) legs.
Millionaires have (part) material bodies.
Millionaires have (part) necks.
Millionaires have (part) nuclei.
Millionaires have (part) personality.
Millionaires have (part) plasma membranes.
Millionaires have (part) sections.
Millionaires have (part) vacuoles.
Millionaires invest intelligently, after learning the facts.
Millionaires know the secret of how to get more for less.
Millionaires look for honest, responsible, loving, capable and supportive spouses.
Millionaires tend to start businesses, building their wealth through finding a profitable niche.
Millionaires work hard, but billionaires become successful because they are willing to take a leap.
All millionaires are rich people.
Many millionaires also buy used cars.
Many millionaires use other people's money to make personal fortunes.
MORE Millionaires make their mark on both sides of Prop.
Most millionaires are goal-oriented and organize their lives with the future in mind.
Most millionaires are non-conformists.
Most millionaires buy new, as opposed to used cars.
Most millionaires control wealth.
Most millionaires have long-term marriages to frugal spouses.
Most millionaires hold their investments six years or more.
Most millionaires invest regularly and include a healthy percentage of stock in their portfolio.
Most millionaires start out deeply in debt to finance their dream.
Some millionaires draw the line at the cost of real estate there.
Some millionaires have their own private gurus who pay house calls to provide comfort and advice.
Some millionaires invite detectives.
Some millionaires never stop wanting.
A millipede is an arthropod
Millipede isa arthropod.
Millipede literally means one thousand feet.
Millipedes also coordinate their many legs through peristaltic wave action.
Millipedes also like to live outdoors in damp areas.
Millipedes also live under structures like dog houses and storage sheds.
Millipedes also migrate in the fall, presumably in search of overwintering sites.
Millipedes also prefer moist environments.
Millipedes also use a head-on pushing motion that allows it to burrow in the dirt.
Millipedes appear in folklore and traditional medicine around the world.
Millipedes are a very long type of arthropod .
Millipedes are active at night.
Millipedes are also more rounded in shape.
Millipedes are among the first animals to have colonised land during the Silurian period .
Millipedes are among the most abundant types of shredder.
Millipedes are among the most ancient of land animals, with species in thousands across the globe.
Millipedes are animals.
Millipedes are arthropods, related to insects, crabs, and spiders.
Millipedes are arthropods.
Millipedes are born out of eggs.
Millipedes are common in the forests of Madagascar.
Millipedes are considered a beneficial organism.
Millipedes are cylindrical, slow-moving vegetarians.
Millipedes are dark brown, worm-like creatures with two pairs of legs per body segment.
Millipedes are detritivores, the name for something that feeds on plants and animals that have died.
Millipedes are docile decomposers that live in the leaf litter of forests all over the world.
Millipedes are easy to cater for.
Millipedes are elongate, cylindrical with many body segments and legs.
Millipedes are fairly docile critters.
Millipedes are found all over the world but are most common in tropical areas.
Millipedes are found all over the world, and are most diverse in the humid tropical regions.
Millipedes are found on every continent, except Antarctica.
Millipedes are generally a nuisance in the home rather than a destructive pest.
Millipedes are harmless but multiply to plague proportions some years in localized areas.
Millipedes are herbaceous and feed mainly on decaying plant material.
Millipedes are herbivorous, so they are easy and inexpensive to feed.
Millipedes are long worm-like, slow moving and curl up when disturbed.
Millipedes are long, hard-shelled, greyish to brown, cylindrical arthropods.
Millipedes are long, slender creatures.
Millipedes are long, slow-moving, worm like animals with many body segments.
Millipedes are long-lived and easy to care for.
Millipedes are mainly nocturnal, although pill millipedes are usually active during the day.
Millipedes are most active at night and commonly hide beneath objects where it is dark and damp.
Millipedes are most active at night and feed on the decaying plant material.
Millipedes are most active at night or in the shade.
Millipedes are mostly harmless, and they break down dead plants and improve the soil.
Millipedes are nocturnal and live in dark, damp places.
Millipedes are nocturnal.
Millipedes are numerous, though, and show up on porches and in houses, often curled up and dead.
Millipedes are omnivores and seek out both plant and animal-based sources of food.
Millipedes are omnivores, so they eat pretty much anything and everything.
Millipedes are reclusive and shun light.
Millipedes are relatively common litter and soil animals that occur in most parts of the world.
Millipedes are scavengers and usually feed on decaying organic matter.
Millipedes are scavengers, feeding on either living or decaying plant parts near the forest floor.
Millipedes are seriously understudied, there are very few experts left in the world.
Millipedes are slow-moving herbivores.
Millipedes are the oldest of all known land creatures.
Millipedes are the other myriapod group.
Millipedes are typically nocturnal, feeding at night.
Millipedes are very ancient creatures, among the first land animals to crawl on land.
Millipedes are video games.
Millipedes are worm-like arthropods with cylindrical, shiny bodies.
Millipedes are worm-like bugs.
Millipedes are worm-like, cylindrical animals with many body segments.
Millipedes become abundant and also diversify.
Millipedes belong to a class of soil arthropods that have two pairs of legs on each body segment.
Millipedes belong to the animalia kingdom and are classed as diplopoda.
Millipedes break down dead plant material.
Millipedes can be black, brown, or less frequently, orange or red.
Millipedes can be garden pests as they can cause severe damage to new seedlings.
Millipedes can enter a home through basement doors or windows or crawlspace vents.
Millipedes can enter homes by crawling under doors that have missing weather stripping.
Millipedes can experience various fungal problems.
Millipedes can grow up to about four inches long.
Millipedes can live communally.
Millipedes can secrete liquids that can burn their predators for protection.
Millipedes catch people's interest and attention due to their numerous legs.
Millipedes cause little or no damage to our plants.
Millipedes Clean the roots and repot in sterilized potting soil.
Millipedes come in a variety of colors.
Millipedes curl into balls.
Millipedes curl into tight balls.
Millipedes dry out and die quickly inside the house, except in damp basements.
Millipedes eat a variety of things.
Millipedes eat dead plant material.
Millipedes eat decay leaves.
Millipedes eat decaying wood and dead leaves.
Millipedes eat leaves.
Millipedes eat the old exoskeleton after molting to avoid wasting a valuable source of food.
Millipedes feed on both living and decomposed plant material and occasionally on dead insects, etc.
Millipedes feed on dead leaves.
Millipedes feed on decaying organic matter, compost, and on rotten wood in forests.
Millipedes feed on decaying plant matter, functioning as decomposers in the ecosystem.
Millipedes feed on decompose vegetation.
Millipedes feed on leaves.
Millipedes feed on plants.
Millipedes feed on roots.
Millipedes feed on vegetation.
Millipedes generally have legs.
Millipedes generally reside in dark damp places such as in moss, under leaves, and in soil.
Millipedes give off an offensive odor when disturbed or crushed, and can stain fabrics.
Millipedes grow or develop through a series of moults.
Millipedes have (part) brains.
Millipedes have (part) carapaces.
Millipedes have (part) cell membranes.
Millipedes have (part) cells.
Millipedes have (part) corpi.
Millipedes have (part) cytoplasm.
Millipedes have (part) ears.
Millipedes have (part) faces.
Millipedes have (part) heads.
Millipedes have (part) nuclei.
Millipedes have (part) plasma membranes.
Millipedes have (part) sections.
Millipedes have (part) shells.
Millipedes have (part) skulls.
Millipedes have (part) thoraxes.
Millipedes have (part) vacuoles.
Millipedes have a calcified exoskeleton i.e. they use calcium to make their exoskeleton hard.
Millipedes have a long body composed of many segments.
Millipedes have a rounded head, flattened on the underside, and have large mandibles.
Millipedes have a. b. c. d. two pairs of legs on most body segments.
Millipedes have ability.
Millipedes have claws.
Millipedes have compound eyes with which they sense light, including ultraviolet light.
Millipedes have compound eyes.
Millipedes have eyes.
Millipedes have four per body segment and they have lots of body segments.
Millipedes have four.
Millipedes have glands.
Millipedes have high moisture requirements and tend to remain hidden under objects during the day.
Millipedes have high moisture requirements in general.
Millipedes have legs.
Millipedes have mandibles.
Millipedes have poison claws.
Millipedes have special sensory organs known as tomosvary organs on their heads.
Millipedes have their own unique self-defence mechanisms.
Millipedes have two pairs of legs on each body segment.
Millipedes have two pairs of legs per body segment.
Millipedes have two pairs of legs per segment and centipedes have only one.
Millipedes have very poor eyesight which is sometimes nonexistent.
Millipedes have very poor vision.
Millipedes help break down plant material by eating soft decaying vegetation.
Millipedes help the compost process by feeding on dead plant matter.
Millipedes live in areas.
Millipedes live in dark, moist habitats and feed primarily on decaying vegetation.
Millipedes live in decaying vegetation upon which they feed.
Millipedes live in moist areas of mulch and lawn thatch.
Millipedes live in, thrive in, and lay their eggs in moist soil.
Millipedes live on land and eat decaying plants.
Millipedes live on plants.
Millipedes live under rocks, etc.
Millipedes look like armored, segmented worms with lots of legs.
Millipedes lose their hard shell when they grow larger.
Millipedes normally live outdoors in damp places.
Millipedes occasionally exhibit population explosions in a huge way.
Millipedes occasionally feed on vegetation.
Millipedes occasionally migrate in large numbers.
Millipedes only become a pest when they move indoors as accidental invaders.
Millipedes possess a tracheal system for respiration.
Millipedes prefer a cage that is wider than tall.
Millipedes prefer environments.
Millipedes prefer moist environments.
Millipedes prefer to live outdoors.
Millipedes reach body length.
Millipedes reach length.
Millipedes rely on exoskeletons.
Millipedes rely on hard exoskeletons.
Millipedes reproduce by depositing eggs, and some species protect the eggs from dangers.
Millipedes reproduce sexually.
Millipedes require ample floor space, while the height of the terrarium is less important.
Millipedes resemble centipedes.
Millipedes roll into balls.
Millipedes show a diversity of mating styles and structures.
Millipedes shun light and are very secretive.
Millipedes spend most of their lives in the soil where they also overwinter.
Millipedes spend most of their time feeding on decaying vegetable matter.
Millipedes tend to coil into a tight curl when disturbed.
Millipedes tend to migrate into homes when the weather is excessively wet or dry.
Millipedes thrive in dark, cool, and moist environments.
Millipedes thrive in places where the soil stays damp.
Millipedes typically take three years to reach maturity but some species can take longer.
Millipedes undergo incomplete metamorphosis .
Millipedes undergo something called anamorphic development.
Millipedes vary in both color and size.
Millipedes often burrow in cave silt and feed on humus and certain fungi.
Millipedes often coil up when threatened.
Millipedes often invade crawl spaces, damp basements and first floors of houses at ground level.
Millipedes sometimes come indoors when the weather gets cold.
Millipedes sometimes feed on foliage and stems of healthy plants.
Millipedes sometimes take residence in the basements of homes.
Millipedes usually borrow into the substrate to molt and also stop eating during the process.
Millipedes usually eat dead leaves and wood and other decaying things.
Millipedes usually molt in a chamber underneath the surface of the soil.
Millipedes usually search for food at night and prefer to remain in dark places.
All millipedes are wormlike creatures with many legs.
Every millipede has two pairs of legs attached to each apparent body segment.
Many millipedes defend themselves by rolling their bodies up into a ball or spiral.
Many millipedes indulge in coprophagy, i.e. they eat their own faeces.
Most millipedes also have eyes on the sides of the head.
Most millipedes are brown or black, but some species are orange or red.
Most millipedes are darkly colored, but some very toxic ones are bright.
Most millipedes are herbivores and feed on rotting vegetation.
Most millipedes are herbivores, living on dead plants.
Most millipedes are herbivorous.
Most millipedes are poisonous .
Most millipedes are poisonous.
Most millipedes are slow-moving detritivores , eating decaying leaves and other dead plant matter.
Most millipedes are very dark in color.
Most millipedes curl into balls.
Most millipedes curl into tight balls.
Most millipedes eat decay leaves.
Most millipedes eat leaves.
Most millipedes feed on dead leaves.
Most millipedes feed on decompose vegetation.
Most millipedes feed on leaves.
Most millipedes feed on plants.
Most millipedes feed on roots.
Most millipedes feed on vegetation.
Most millipedes generally have legs.
Most millipedes have ability.
Most millipedes have claws.
Most millipedes have compound eyes.
Most millipedes have eyes.
Most millipedes have glands.
Most millipedes have legs.
Most millipedes have mandibles.
Most millipedes have poison claws.
Most millipedes have round, segmented bodies, and nearly all the segments have two legs.
Most millipedes have small distributions because they move so slowly.
Most millipedes live in areas.
Most millipedes live in woodsy type areas.
Most millipedes live on plants.
Most millipedes reach body length.
Most millipedes reach length.
Most millipedes rely on exoskeletons.
Most millipedes rely on hard exoskeletons.
Most millipedes reproduce sexually via internal fertilization.
Most millipedes roll into balls.
Some millipedes become problems.
Some millipedes can even crawl through vents.
Some millipedes cause damage.
Some millipedes cause significant damage.
Some millipedes create minor nuisances.
Some millipedes create nuisances.
Some millipedes emit green light.
Some millipedes emit light.
Some millipedes enter buildings.
Some millipedes exude silken threads which are used in nest building.
Some millipedes feed on arthropods.
Some millipedes feed on living plants when their normal food source is dried out.
Some millipedes feed on small arthropods.
Some millipedes have a sticky substance that can cause redness and itching.
Some millipedes have antennas.
Some millipedes have distribution.
Some millipedes have elbow antennas.
Some millipedes have exoskeletons.
Some millipedes have hard outer shells.
Some millipedes have hard shells.
Some millipedes have outer shells.
Some millipedes have problems.
Some millipedes have reaction.
Some millipedes have shells.
Some millipedes have short legs.
Some millipedes have sticky substances.
Some millipedes have substances.
Some millipedes live in cages.
Some millipedes live in cracks.
Some millipedes live in diverse habitats.
Some millipedes live in habitats.
Some millipedes play roles.
Some millipedes reach maturity.
Some millipedes roll up into balls.
Some millipedes secrete poisonous substances.
Some millipedes seek places.
Some millipedes use inference.
Millisecond pulsars are typically a billion years or more old.
A millisecond is unit of time
Milliseconds provides data entry and timing services for races of all sizes.
Every millisecond counts.
A milliwatt is a power unit
Milliwatts are quite safe for short term expermiments.
Milliwatts drive to full output.
A millpond is a pond
Millponds are common in south and southwestern Wisconsin.
Mills lane separates the two, and both fighters go back to posturing.
Mills work describes the developmental stages that families move through during their life cycle.
Many millstone dressers has beards.
A millwork is woodwork
Millwork has grommets and wire management channels.
Millwork is designed and supplied to suit the function and room dimensions.
Millwork takes up much of the time in our carvings.
Millwork trims out the doors and floor.
Millworks are woodwork.
All millwork is painted.
A millwright is a wright
Millwrights align new equipment.
Millwrights also use hand and power tools, cutting torches, welding machines, and soldering guns.
Millwrights are responsible for the 'rotating' equipment such as pumps, fans, and generators.
Millwrights are wrights.
Millwrights generally work eight hour days.
Millwrights install conveyor systems, escalators, giant electrical turbines and generators.
Millwrights install conveyor systems, giant electrical turbines and generators.
Millwrights install, dismantle, replace, and repair the machinery and heavy equipment.
Millwrights specialize in machinist or metal work.
Millwrights use welding equipment and torches.
Millwrights work independently as well as part of a team.
Millwrights often decide what to use for moving machinery.
Millwrights sometimes work to specifications requiring tolerances to a thousandth of an inch.
Many millwrights belong to labor unions.
Most millwrights are union members.
Some millwrights use metalworking equipment such as lathes or grinders to custom fit parts.
A milo is a sorghum
Milo calls on students from the registration list for the answers.
Milo continues to provide input and support, both from an architectural and a technical perspective.
Milo drives through the tollbooth's gates and begins a memorable journey.
Milo has the face of a saint.
Milo isa cereal.
Milo loves politics though.
Milo puts profit before people, as can be seen with the illegal tobacco.
Milos are soccer players.
Milos have (part) cell membranes.
Milos have (part) cells.
Milos have (part) corpi.
Milos have (part) cytoplasm.
Milos have (part) nuclei.
Milos have (part) plasma membranes.
Milos have (part) sections.
Milos have (part) vacuoles.
Milos have (part) vegetables.
Milosevic announcement undermines opposition rally in Belgrade .
Milosevic government calls for runoff election.
Milosevic government refuses to reinstate opposition victories in key cities.
A milt is a come
Milt is joined in the studio by a panel of Illinois education reform activists and scholars.
Milt is our partner, in the truest sense.
Miltary power is both tangible and intangible.
MIME attachments are acceptable.
MIME attachments are fine.
MIME attachments seem to work.
MIME bodies are either text or binary data.
MIME content includes audio, video, and pictures loaded from files or as the output of commands.
MIME designations are configurable on both the server and the client.
MIME digests are very convenient.
MIME messages add special fields into the header in order to display multipart messages.
MIME messages can also contain multiple objects.
MIME standards play a role in virtually all data transactions on the Internet and intranets.
Mime support exists.
MIME support is now available in electronic mail applications.
MIME support is provided for both incoming and outgoing email.
MIME type causes quicktime plug-in to read file.
MIME type is specified in the Content-type field.
MIME types allow a Web server to tell a browser what type of data to expect.
MIME types allow the browser to identify the type of document being returned.
MIME types are a standard way of specifying the type of a document.
MIME types are standardized file formats that are used by specific software packages.
MIME types can describe text, graphics and all sorts of other application formats.
MIME types form a standard way of classifying file types on the Internet.
MIME types tell an application what to do with specific types of files.
A mime is an acting
Mimes are acting.
Mimes are actors.
Mimes are actually undercover police officers.
Mimes are nice.
Mimes are pantomimists, performers who act out scenes using no sounds, and with invisible props.
Mimes perform no matter what.
Mimes probably have the worst reputation in the entertainment field.
Mimes use it to express laughing and crying.
Many mimes also wear clown-like makeup, wear simple clothing, and refuse to speak.
A mimeograph is a copier
Mimeograph copy and carbon typescript.
Mimeograph leaflet being run off.
A mimer is an actor
Mimer is already a provider of solutions throughout Europe and Scandinavia.
Mimer represents material existence and supplies the wisdom gained from experience of life.
A mimesis is imitation
Mimesis causes mirror-image negative emotions.
Mimesis entails someone grasping the performance of some sequential events and meanings.
Mimesis is misery.
Mimesis means the inventive and conscious act of creating a potential and objective reality.
Mimesis means to copy.
Mimesis occurs when groups of voices enter in quasi-antiphonal homophony.
Mimesis occurs when there is imitation of character.
Mimesises are diseases.
Mimesises are imitation.
Mimesises are part of hysteria.
Mimesises are quotations.
Mimetic consumption applies to antlers, sea cucumbers, ginseng and snake blood, among other things.
Mimetic criticism seeks to see how well a work accords with the real world.
Mimetic theory explains the phenomena more adequately in at least two ways.
Mimic octopus brooding eggs - look below and to the left of the siphon.
Mimic shiners live in lakes and the quieter parts of streams, often around vegetation.
A mimic is an imitator
Mimic isa individual.
Mimic isa person.
Mimic isa somebody.
Mimic isa someone.
Mimics are a type of enemy that look like wooden, frozen, golden or locked shadow chests.
Mimics are affected differently by light.
Mimics are common relative to the model.
Mimics are impersonators.
Mimics forage on the same food plant as the model.
Mimics have (part) arms.
Mimics have (part) body substances.
Mimics have (part) cell membranes.
Mimics have (part) cells.
Mimics have (part) corpi.
Mimics have (part) cytoplasm.
Mimics have (part) heads.
Mimics have (part) human bodies.
Mimics have (part) legs.
Mimics have (part) material bodies.
Mimics have (part) necks.
Mimics have (part) nuclei.
Mimics have (part) personality.
Mimics have (part) plasma membranes.
Mimics have (part) sections.
Mimics have (part) vacuoles.
Mimics responses or answers.
Mimics use holographic technology to appear to be different ships entirely.
Mimics use tricks.
Most mimics use tricks.
Mimicry can be either or both morphological and physiological.
Mimicry evolves because 'the better mimics survive better'.
Mimicry evolves when organisms derive protection from attack by resembling different species.
Mimicry happens in both animal and plant species .
Mimicry happens in both animal and plant species.
Mimicry involves an animal or insect mimicking another species in order to disguise itself.
Mimicry involves organizing a motor act based on information that is detected by the senses.
Mimicry is a common evolutionary solution to a range of problems facing marine organisms.
Mimicry is a common survival strategy in nature.
Mimicry is a form of adaptation.
Mimicry is a key part of mating for many birds.
Mimicry is a phenomenon by which one species has evolved to assume the appearance of another.
Mimicry is a phenomenon in which one organism benefits by a superficial resemblance to another.
Mimicry is a very successful antipredator device that species have evolved over many generations.
Mimicry is a way in which aggression can be expressed.
Mimicry is an acting
Mimicry is an adaptation that makes an animal look like another animal or object.
Mimicry is and adaptation which one organism looks like another.
Mimicry is another adaptation that can help prey.
Mimicry is another effective defense.
Mimicry is another type of deceptive coloration.
Mimicry is guaranteed by the default values set by the programmer.
Mimicry is how many of the current webmasters have learned the language.
Mimicry is imitation.
Mimicry is natural to all children, but safety seems, increasingly, to be a modern privilege.
Mimicry is often a very poor way to pollinate a plant.
Mimicry is one organism protecting itself by looking like another organism.
Mimicry is resorted to by, some plants for protective purposes or to entice insects.
Mimicry is the best form of flattery.
Mimicry is the phenomenon in which one animal looks a lot like a different animal.
Mimicry is the product of natural selection.
Mimicry is usually a first step in developing one's craft.
Mimicry is when an organism mimics another organism.
Mimicry isa activity.
Mimicry mean's An adaptation that make's an animal look like a another animal or object.
Mimicry means an adaptation that makes an animal look like another animal or object.
Mimicry meets the mitochondrion.
Mimicry occurs when animals of different species look alike.
Mimicry rings, with dozens of species, are known.
Mimicry transmits plain text messages that make sense to the reader, even if the story is nonsense.
Much mimicry is based in color and visual pattern.
Some mimicry presents contexts.
All mimio hardware is backed by a one-year warranty.
MIMO latency is extended to cover the case of discontinguous input frames.
MIMO systems are subject to the additional design specification of desired decoupling.
A mimosa is a bush
Mimosas appear to be most reluctant to leaf out in the spring, being among the last trees to do so.
Mimosas are self-seeders.
A min is unit of time
Min isa quantity.
MINs are keypad programmable.
Mins have (part) s.
Mins have (part) seconds.
Mins have (part) secs.
Some mins are part of dates.
Some mins are part of days.
Some mins are part of eves.
Some mins are part of hours.
Some mins are part of tomorrows.
Some mins are part of yesterdays.
A mina is a starling
Mina begins chanting a spell.
Mina creates covers that are fashionable and functional, but they are also affordable.
Mina glares at the chicken.
Mina is Catholic and lives with an abusive stepfather.
Mina seems pretty upset about the whole incident.
Minas are humans.
Minas are people.
Minable veins are present in either sandstone or shale.
A minaret is a tower
Minarets are in the courtyard s four corners.
Minarets are in the courtyard's four corners.
Minarets are open air.
Minarets are part of mosques.
Minarets are perhaps the most common feature of Islamic architecture.
Minarets are tall towers.
Minarets are towers.
Minarets come in a variety of shapes.
Minarets rise above every neighborhood.
Minarets rise over the city as the call to prayer beckons the faithful.
Minature badges are also available for mothers, sisters or for engagement purposes.
Minbari society is shrouded in mystery.
Mince pie is pie
Mince pies are around too, but heavy in the summer heat.
Mince pies are older in origin.
A mince is food
Mince dates finely.
Mince stems and ham slices.
Minces is a writer and sociologist specializing in women s issues and immigration.
Minced food is cut into smaller, finer pieces than diced food.
Minced ginger Combine all ingredients and boil together.
Minced meat is made into rissoles , kofta and shish kebab.
Minced scallions are an easy way to add a hit of onion flavor to a dish, even after it's cooked.
Mincemeat isa food.
Mincemeat isa nutrient.
A mincer is a kitchen utensil
Mincers Safely mince herbs with single or double blades.
Mind alteration is neither instinctual nor universal.
Mind control comes in many powdery forms.
Mind control involves lies.
Mind control is a reptilian paradigm.
Mind control is accomplished through subtle, friendly persuasion.
Mind control is achieved by keeping both parts slightly out of sync, thereby preventing unification.
Mind control is crucial.
Mind control is one of their ultimate weapons.
Mind control is still a part of the cult's package.
Mind control is stronger than family ties.
Mind control is to intellectual autonomy as cancer is to human health.
Mind control is very easy.
Mind control leads to physical and verbal control.
Mind control practiced by destructive cults is a social process involvng large groups of people.
Mind controllers manipulate information the same way a computer for grammer manipulates information.
A mind game is use
Mind games abound.
Mind games are especially inappropriate and are to be avoided.
Mind games are games.
Mind games are hard to know why things happen.
Mind games are manipulation.
Mind machines are today's answer to ancient ceremonies and rituals.
Mind machines are tools for gently inducing a calm, centered, and euphoric state.
Mind machines come in a number of forms and flavors.
Mind machines play upon the best in our senses.
Mind maps allow associations and links to be recorded and reinforced.
Mind maps are a note-taking, and a brainstorming technique.
Mind maps are a useful way of presenting complex systems in an easy to follow, intuitive way.
Mind maps are easy to review.
Mind maps are powerful tools for learners.
Mind maps are probably the best method available to capture and structure ideas.
Mind maps are similar to concept maps, word webbing and bubble writing.
Mind maps use just key words and key images, allowing a lot more information to be put on a page.
Mind maps use pictures.
Mind mapping can improve thinking and creativity.
Mind mapping can take many forms.
Mind mapping involves starting in the middle of the page.
Mind mapping is a creativity tool.
Mind mapping is a type of super note-taking.
Mind mapping is a very general activity.
Mind mapping is an excellent technique for tapping the unconscious.
Mind mapping is another alternative.
Mind mapping is really a tool to capture and develop our natural thought process.
Mind mapping makes use of the page in a somewhat different way.
Mind matters offers useful suggestions about ways of working through problems.
Mind power comes from the figure of a scientist in a blue window.
Mind power is still our greatest asset.
Mind set is an interesting idea.
Mind set is important.
Mind set is so important.
Mind set is very important.
Many mind tools help to obtain a new state of consciousness.
Mind War is shorter, creepier, and quieter.
A mind is knowledge
Mind activates all.
Mind alone is the means of obtaining salvation.
Mind altering catnip toys are always a hit.
Mind amuses itself in strange ways.
Mind becomes blank.
Mind becomes capable of touching truth, even though it was designed merely for advantage.
Mind becomes inconstant and fickle at times.
Mind becomes numb.
Mind becomes primary and causative, matter becomes secondary and illusory.
Mind becomes the builder.
Mind believes that the question of capacity is essential to a new Mental Health Act.
Mind breaks out of the skull.
Mind brings a person into a problem, spirit lifts a person above it.
Mind can be dully unaware, egotistically clever, or impartially attuned to truth.
Mind can be schemingly clever, ego-serving, or impartially attuned to truth.
Mind can see nothing except mind.
Mind can shape matter.
Mind comes first and then the feet.
MIND contains articles written by local members and reprints from other chapters' newsletters.
Mind control an alternative therapy to drugs.
Mind conventionally refers to human consciousness.
Mind creates body creates mind creates body.
Mind creates by the fractal creating still centering which permits compression in the ether.
Mind creates distortion between perception and experience.
Mind creates limits.
Mind creates matter and mind creates illness and wellness.
Mind creates truth.
Mind does control matter and wisdom comes with years.
Mind does imply a process that lies in the conduct of an individual.
Mind dwells on the idea about the object.
Mind emerges from the movement.
Mind engages in thoughts.
Mind equals brain.
Mind exists as a separate self-aware entity, and was spun off from attention.
Mind feel that the film reinforces the perception that people with mental illness are violent.
Mind finds truth.
Mind fly Back across engine below some cardinal jerseys before showed beyond that water.
Mind forms an essential element in the execution of the plan.
Mind gives orders to itself, and it is resisted . . . .
Mind goes, mind comes, breath comes , and goes.
Mind guides the thinking.
Mind implants a psyche that is the meme incarnate.
Mind indeed deforms the experience when it is used as the highest instrument of perception.
MIND involves theory and rhythm both of which are reducible to pure mathematics.
Mind is aggregate rather than monolithic.
Mind is air.
Mind is already at work unfolding it.
Mind is as complementary to action as body is to action.
Mind is as essentially mind, whether formed from matter or any other substance.
Mind is as power in voltage.
Mind is at booth nr.
Mind is at the bottom of all life and substance.
Mind is at the root of all sensuality.
Mind is beyond nature.
Mind is brain-generated neuromagnetic field .
Mind is by itself peaceful.
Mind is clear and meditation is unusually easy with few distracting thoughts.
Mind is clear of limitation.
Mind is common to all, above and below, within and without.
Mind is deep.
Mind is different.
Mind is empty, free of material concerns.
Mind is evident in the patterns it makes.
Mind is evolution at an exponentially increasing rate.
Mind is faster than pain.
Mind is immortal.
Mind is in control, and it is responsible for the great mixture of being.
Mind is lazier than body.
Mind is like a fan.
Mind is like a mad monkey.
Mind is like a negative magnetism.
Mind is like loose mustard seeds which are so very small grains.
Mind is like midnight, same as a masked robber.
Mind is more intimately known than matter, ideas are more ultimate than molecules.
Mind is more than belief.
Mind is more than brain.
Mind is myth, with all the power of myths.
Mind is no longer necessary.
Mind is nothing but a bundle of desires.
Mind is nothing on a walk.
Mind is outer space.
Mind is real.
Mind is subject and body is object.
Mind is subject.
Mind Is the cause for man's life, sorrow, joy and liberation as well.
Mind is there, of course.
Mind is there.
Mind is to the nervous system as rotation is to the wheel.
Mind is ungraspable, empty.
Mind isa cognition.
Mind isa knowledge.
Mind knows only phenomena .
Mind knows quantity, reality, meanings.
MIND looks at mentally disabled children in a very special way.
Mind map the ideas and then sequence showing a beginning, middle and ending.
Mind matters most.
Mind means keeping track of what the brain is doing.
Mind numbingly linear.
Mind obsesses with pain, empty eyes glisten in fear.
MIND orders the sewn in harvested packages thick with demonstrations of principles.
Mind precedes all mental states.
Mind preoccupied by the idea of love puts love into eternity.
Mind presenting itself as at once type-creating, emotional, and sensuous, is the imagination.
Mind prevent either pool billiards under internet.
Mind Pump The keys to success in bodybuilding.
Mind recommends that the single room rent is abolished rather than redefined.
Mind recommends tuna, avocado and bananas, that release sugars slowly.
Mind refuses to understand after a few rereadings.
Mind relieve toward a newsletter before enter catcher gloves.
Mind sees real cause for hope in many aspects of the announcement.
Mind sees the eye.
Mind sets in.
Mind speaks to mind with spoken or written words.
Mind speaks to mind.
Mind speaks with mind, and there is neither worry nor doubt.
Mind still boggles as to how they're gonna work a second pie into the equation though.
Mind still dwells on various thoughts about offering thoughts.
Mind stimulating tutorials let students practice using punnett squares to predict outcomes.
Mind suggests both the discernment and the inclination to discern.
Mind takes care of the details.
MIND takes no responsibility for the accuracy.
Mind takes over as shock sets in.
Mind there are screeds and screeds of gobbledegook between each paragraph.
Mind thine own concerns.
Mind turns on turbine above flame, Inhaled, then exhaled mist of dead restraint.
Mind wants compulsion to be restricted to people deemed a risk to others.
Mind wants patients to have increased rights to the most effective healthcare.
Mind works best when the body is still.
Mind works for a better life for everyone with experience of mental distress.
Mind works with thoughts.
Minds are ancient, ageless, and infinitely agile.
Minds are at peace, reflecting on all that has been encountered on the river.
Minds are blind.
Minds are both their causal powers, their thoughts and their perceptions.
Minds are closed, talents are limited.
Minds are closed.
Minds are cognition.
Minds are contemplative.
Minds are created by thoughts.
Minds are fast.
Minds are funny that way, they work on material unconsciously to try and make sense of it.
Minds are incredibly prone to travel in ruts.
Minds are indivisible, whereas bodies are infinitely divisible.
Minds are insecure.
Minds are intangibles.
Minds are intelligence.
Minds are irrelevant here.
Minds are like books, they only work when they are open.
Minds are like parachutes - they function only when open.
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open.
Minds are like parachutes They only function when open.
Minds are like parachutes, they only function when open.
Minds are like parachutes, they only function when they're open.
Minds are like parachutes, they only work when open.
Minds are like parachutes, useful only when they are open.
Minds are like parachutes.
Minds are like Parachutes.
Minds are like paragliders.
Minds are never to be sold.
Minds are notice.
Minds are part of people.
Minds are purposes.
Minds are recalls.
Minds are still very central.
Minds are such centres risen to consciousness, while matter is their unevolved state.
Minds are used for thinking.
Minds become capable as minds have never been capable before.
Minds become closed.
Minds become cluttered with alternating fantasies of revenge and reunion.
Minds become numb, begging the body to stop.
Minds build everything else.
Minds can discriminate between the useless and the valuable.
Minds can get cluttered.
Minds can look at death as some different type of vacation.
Minds choose what to do next.
Minds contain potential energy.
Minds contribute to development.
Minds copulate wherever they meet.
Minds create conditions.
Minds create ideas.
Minds create new ideas.
Minds develop awareness.
Minds develop mental awareness.
Minds differ greater still than faces.
Minds differ significantly.
Minds exist one to an individual.
Minds hate confusion.
Minds have mental or semantic contents.
Minds have power.
Minds have rules to protect their existence.
Minds have semantics.
Minds have thoughts.
Minds have visual impressions.
Minds identify obvious patterns.
Minds identify patterns.
Minds integrate realities, values and attitudes.
Minds interact through organized content.
Minds like to think they're in control, have everything sussed.
Minds lose focus.
Minds necessarily have semantics.
Minds never become old.
Minds occasionally drift, untoward thoughts occur.
Minds produce decisions, but the spirit produces deliverance.
Minds respond to approaches.
Minds seek truth.
Minds seem to drift toward plans for the weekend, leaving little interest for purchasing.
Minds seem to go blank.
Minds take hold of consciousness depending on the needs of the moment.
Minds Utimately Are Boring.
Minds wander in the ocean breezes.
Mind always runs to extremes, either to extreme depression or extreme joy.
All minds are capable minds.
All minds are elsewhere.
All minds assimilate, store and process information in different ways.
All minds now are occupied with social problems.
All minds quote.
Every mind is a room packed with archaic furniture.
Every mind is an inlet to the same and to all of the same.
Every mind is fascinating.
Every mind is filled with old furniture.
Every mind is in a peculiar state of suMeptibiiity to cer- tain impressions.
Every mind is like an entire living universe, a mother lode of information.
Every mind works slightly differently.
Many minds are always better than a few.
Many minds are better than one.
Many minds can make great things happen.
Many minds make light debugging.
Many minds think better than one.
Many minds working together can throw a great deal of light on an issue or problem.
Most minds contribute to development.
Most minds create conditions.
Most minds create ideas.
Most minds create new ideas.
Most minds develop awareness.
Most minds develop mental awareness.
Most minds have power.
Most minds have thoughts.
Most minds identify obvious patterns.
Most minds identify patterns.
Most minds respond to approaches.
Most minds seek truth.
Some minds are easily satisfied by their own stupidities.
Some minds are like concrete - thoroughly mixed and permanently set.
Some minds are like concrete, all mixed up and permanently set.
Some minds are like concrete, thoroughly mixed and permanently set.
Some minds are like concrete, thoroughly mixed up and permanently set.
Some minds become knowledge.
Some minds generate power.
Some minds go hungry all their life without knowing it.
Some minds have health outcomes.
Some minds have outcomes.
Some minds influence biological instinct.
Some minds lead to destruction.
Some minds never rest, even at play.
Some minds promote health.
Some minds promote whole body health.
Some minds require an element of mystery in their religion.
Some minds resemble a fertile but thin soil.
Some minds solve mysteries.
Some minds work off instincts and premonitions, while others tend to be structured and forthright.
Minder isa defender.
Minder isa guardian.
Minders have (part) arms.
Minders have (part) body substances.
Minders have (part) cell membranes.
Minders have (part) cells.
Minders have (part) corpi.
Minders have (part) cytoplasm.
Minders have (part) heads.
Minders have (part) human bodies.
Minders have (part) legs.
Minders have (part) material bodies.
Minders have (part) necks.
Minders have (part) nuclei.
Minders have (part) personality.
Minders have (part) plasma membranes.
Minders have (part) sections.
Minders have (part) vacuoles.
Mindful awareness includes being open and present, willing to learn.
Mindful consumption is a component of our path to happiness.
Mindful eating is another tool that can be used to help control calorie intake.
Mindful individuals are prepared to learn both more and better from their experiences.
Mindful meetings leave participants feeling respected, and respectful.
Mindful technology is better.
Mindful travel awakens the senses.
Mindful work is characterized by care, concern, attention, awareness, thoughtfulness.
Mindfullness meditation is conducted with the emphasis on integrating the practice in daily life.
Mindfulness meditation includes two forms of practice, termed formal and informal.
Mindfulness meditation is a fantastic stress reliever.
Mindfulness meditation is a skill to be learned like any other.
Mindfulness meditation is the core of the program.
Mindfulness of breathing is a present-time awareness.
Mindfulness practice involves repeatedly bringing one's awareness back to the present.
Mindfulness practice is a way to transform ill-being and suffering.
Mindfulness practice is simple and completely feasible.
Mindfulness practice is the habit of seeing things in an uncomplicated way.
Mindfulness practice quiets the mind, opens the heart, develops awareness and wisdom.
A mindfulness is a trait
Mindfulness actually is the line.
Mindfulness also has a quality of memory or recollection.
Mindfulness begins with awareness.
Mindfulness can also be the deciding factor between life and death.
Mindfulness can be so many things, but basically it is awareness of every moment.
Mindfulness can decrease our stress and improve our health.
Mindfulness can enhance the therapeutic relationship.
Mindfulness can examine the mechanics of selfishness and understand what it sees.
Mindfulness can offset a growing feeling of vulnerability.
Mindfulness can pierce the mystery of suffering and the mechanism of discomfort.
Mindfulness can transform pleasant, unpleasant, and neutral feelings into wisdom.
Mindfulness develops day by day, and consequently, meditators gain penetrating insight.
Mindfulness directs the power of concentration.
Mindfulness has an element of denial in it.
Mindfulness helps allow sequencing.
Mindfulness helps with emotion-driven behavior.
Mindfulness invites learning.
Mindfulness is a broader and larger function than concentration.
Mindfulness is a concept that is centuries old.
Mindfulness is a powerful technique for applying meditative insight to everyday life.
Mindfulness is a truly wonderful thing.
Mindfulness is about taking control of our thoughts, actions, and intentions.
Mindfulness is also a capacity of mind that everybody has.
Mindfulness is also fourfold.
Mindfulness is an ancient Buddhist practice which has profound relevance for out present-day lives.
Mindfulness is an interesting and unique way of living and dealing with stress.
Mindfulness is an opportunity to gain a better perspective and understanding.
Mindfulness is attunement to today's demand to avoid tomorrow's difficulties.
Mindfulness is awareness or attention, avoiding a distracted and clouded state of mind.
Mindfulness is based on working with the psychosomatic body.
Mindfulness is constant mindfulness with regard to body, feelings, thoughts, and mind-objects.
Mindfulness is cultivated by a gentle effort, by effortless effort.
Mindfulness is different from concentration.
Mindfulness is difficult to sustain, however.
Mindfulness is egoless awareness.
Mindfulness is encouraged through changing thinking patterns.
Mindfulness is enough.
Mindfulness is essential even in our daily life.
Mindfulness is exercised for in our mind.
Mindfulness is hard work.
Mindfulness is hunger in context.
Mindfulness is inclusive.
Mindfulness is infinitely more than sitting meditation.
Mindfulness is learned and practiced.
Mindfulness is like our watchdog.
Mindfulness is like that stone.
Mindfulness is mind open to the full body of experience each moment, the whole sphere.
Mindfulness is mind realizing mind embracing mind.
Mindfulness is more than just paying attention, although that is a big part of it.
Mindfulness is necessary to maintain the purity of mental states.
Mindfulness is no idea nor ideal .
Mindfulness is the ability to be present in the moment.
Mindfulness is the ability to see clearly the truth of one s inner and outer experience.
Mindfulness is the art of paying attention and bringing awareness to our experience.
Mindfulness is the capacity of being there body and mind united.
Mindfulness is the complete, spacious, attentive awareness of everything in the present moment.
Mindfulness is the essence of patience.
Mindfulness is the key to knowing the mind, and so it's the starting point.
Mindfulness is the key.
Mindfulness is the manager of the operation.
Mindfulness is the perfect tool for shaping the mind, and so it's the focal point.
Mindfulness is the ploughshare and the goad.
Mindfulness is the practice of finding that realm.
Mindfulness is the sensitive one.
Mindfulness is to be aware and alive to what is going on within and without.
Mindfulness is very powerful, it's like recollection or remembering.
Mindfulness is very simple on one level because it is simply being.
Mindfulness leads to higher wisdom and refined conduct.
Mindfulness leads to insight, understanding, compassion, and love.
Mindfulness leads to recognition of the energy essence of emotions.
Mindfulness leads to wisdom.
Mindfulness means being truly present with life and allowing it to unfold without judging it.
Mindfulness means fully experiencing what happens in the here and now.
Mindfulness means knowing.
Mindfulness means meritorious kamma and defilements mean unwholesome kamma.
Mindfulness means mind is full, therefore it includes everything.
Mindfulness means paying attention to the details of life, which always brings about new insights.
Mindfulness means simply being there without movement.
Mindfulness means to always be self aware and continually examine oneself.
Mindfulness perceives things deeply and with great clarity.
Mindfulness permits nonjudgmental attention to ones own mental and physical processes.
Mindfulness pervades sound and space.
Mindfulness picks the objects of attention, and notices when the attention has gone astray.
Mindfulness produces a calming, relaxing quality in our minds.
Mindfulness provides the needed foundation for the subsequent development of deeper concentration.
Mindfulness refers to keeping one's consciousness alive to the present reality.
Mindfulness relaxes the mind and the body relaxes as a result.
Mindfulness relieves suffering because it is filled with understanding and compassion.
Mindfulness requires continuous alertness and attention.
Mindfulness simply accepts whatever is there.
Mindfulness still is the more important of the two components.
Mindfulness then needs to be in the field of social as well as personal action.
Mindfulness zeroes in like a laser beam.
Mindings are treatments.
Mindless action is what it's all about.
Mindless commercialisation is the reason behind most of the psychological disorders in India.
Mindless conformity does tend to suffocate the self.
Mindless defiance needs the limitation that healthy fear alone can impart.
Mindless escapism has a lot going for it.
Mindless killing is so much more fun when it serves a purpose.
Mindless persons assume that they produce fact, while everyone else produces opinions.
Mindless repetition leads to very boring presentations.
Mindless urbanisation is the key cause.
Minds eye does the rest.
A mindset is attitude
Mindsets are the invisible compasses that guide all our daily actions.
Any mindset is the very thing which prevents enlightenment.
MindsEye curriculum has quite a track record in the area of recognition for excellence.
Mine activities have have effects.
Mine activities have have negative effects.
Mine engineers get permission.
Mine engineers get special permission.
Mine inspectors discover conditions.
Mine machinery has electric motors.
Mine machinery has motors.
Mine workers meet requirements.
Mine workers work in coal industries.
Mine workers work in industries.
Mine isa artifact.
Mines actually glossy black and really clean.
Mines also continue to hamper efforts to rehabilitate water systems in north-east Rwanda.
Mines also frustrate post-war reconstruction in a score of countries.
Mines also kill livestock.
Mines also slow down and hamper relief efforts.
Mines are a major consideration.
Mines are a way to blow up the enemy and really shock the enemy.
Mines are also devastating medically.
Mines are also good for isolating the battle area.
Mines are also popular because they're cheap.
Mines are an attractive option for many small powers for the following reasons.
Mines are an indiscriminate threat.
Mines are attacks.
Mines are blisters in which orange maggots feed.
Mines are bombs.
Mines are conventional weapons.
Mines are developed following the veins.
Mines are difficult to locate and sweep.
Mines are difficult to locate mainly because they're so plentiful.
Mines are effective.
Mines are equal opportunity weapons.
Mines are especially useful when combined with direct and indirect fires.
Mines are excavation.
Mines are extremely dangerous.
Mines are facilities.
Mines are formidable weapons.
Mines are in a semiarid environments where sediment yield is large and highly variable.
Mines are indiscriminate, making no distinction between civilian and combatant, friend and foe.
Mines are inexpensive weapons which are highly effective in the littoral environment.
Mines are interesting places, but they can be dangerous too.
Mines are located in deserts.
Mines are located in ground.
Mines are located in homes.
Mines are located in metal.
Mines are located in mountains.
Mines are man-made by blasting, which fractures and weakens the surrounding rocks.
Mines are mostly white and green in colour in the autumn, but they become more brown in the spring.
Mines are normally ineffective in water that deep.
Mines are now exhaustible.
Mines are 'obstacle' to state in South .
Mines are one thing, but close encounters of the hillbilly kind are quite another.
Mines are operationally extremely effective.
Mines are simple to put and they have little cost.
Mines are the begining of the nuclear cycle.
Mines are the greatest violators of international humanitarian law.
Mines are used for destruction.
Mines are used for explosions.
Mines are very cheap and effective.
Mines are very cheap weapons.
Mines are very dangerous places, often more unstable than caves and much more liable to 'bad air'.
Mines are weapons.
Mines become more dangerous over time, exploding more easily as they corrode.
Mines buried in farmlands and along roads prevent farming and the transport of food to market.
Mines can also detect targets by the wake they create in the water.
Mines can be inexpensive and therefore numerous.
Mines can collapse or gradually subside, affecting surface and subsurface water flows.
Mines can grow large enough to support towns, with schools, medical facilities and recreation areas.
Mines cause contact.
Mines cause damage.
Mines cause ecological damage.
Mines cause severe damage.
Mines cause severe ecological damage.
Mines change over years.
Mines come in a bewildering array of shapes and colours, all enticing to a child.
Mines come in a variety of warhead sizes, from a few hundred to a few thousand lbs. of explosive.
Mines come in two general varieties, contact and influence.
Mines continue on a weekly basis to kill or injure innocent civilians.
Mines continue to be a threat in area formerly a war-stricken part of Yugoslavia.
Mines continue to be dangerous even if they have been in the ground a long time.
Mines continue to pose a threat to the population.
Mines create a climate of fear and despair, preventing cultivation of rice on fertile land.
Mines deprive children of the chance to enjoy many of their basic rights.
Mines employ people.
Mines exist alongside tracks, some are well marked, others are unknown.
Mines explode, disabling some tanks.
Mines extend for two levels and provide the bridge to developing the subterranean levels.
Mines features great color graphics, multiple difficulty settings, high scores, and more.
Mines have (part) readsides.
Mines have (part) sections.
Mines have (part) shafts.
Mines have a poor track record in Wisconsin.
Mines have an average life span of fifty to one hundred years.
Mines have finite lives so as an ore is depleted, new operations spring up elsewhere.
Mines huddle during halftime.
Mines inflict ravaging wounds, usually resulting in traumatic or surgical amputation.
Mines is a school with some very deep-rooted traditions.
Mines is a specialist in pavement evaluations.
Mines is a very competitive ball club.
Mines is interested in computer applications for undergraduate teaching in physiology.
Mines kill and maim parents.
Mines kill, maim and mutilate tens of thousands of innocent civilians every year.
Mines make an awful mess.
Mines operate around the world so many mining engineers travel frequently or live overseas.
Mines produce each day, so every day is vital.
Mines provide employment only when they are in operation.
Mines recognize no cease-fire.
Mines remain throughout the country.
Mines represent environmental and public health hazards.
Mines represent the single most deadly heritage of the Bosnia war.
Mines returns all but three letterwinners in hopes of turning things around.
Mines round the bark, and feeds upon the wood.
Mines start near the end of a branchlet in the scale-like leaves and extend into other branchlets.
Mines there produce opals, silver, gold, lead, and copper.
Mines typically cover approximately half of the surface area of a normal-sized alfalfa leaf.
Mines typically give full-time workers a month's notice.
Mines typically give workers a month's notice.
Mines often begin reclaiming the land from the start of a mining operation.
All mines also produce large quantities of waste rock that are usually piled on the surface.
All mines apparently emit explosive molecules.
All mines laid are to be cleared in ten years.
Many mines are a hybrid of both types.
Many mines are extremely dangerous, especially if they have been closed for a while.
Many mines can use all three in any combination.
Many mines do nothing to control dust.
Many mines float so that after heavy rains they are found in unexpected locations.
Many mines lack adequate ventilation and safety equipment.
Many mines operate at much higher costs.
Many mines produced in Egypt are copies of mines designed in the United States, Italy and Russia.
More mines can mean more money from industrialized nations to clear mines.
More mines is good.
Most mines also produce some degree of dust and noise pollution.
Most mines cause damage.
Most mines cause ecological damage.
Most mines cause severe damage.
Most mines cause severe ecological damage.
Most mines change over years.
Most mines employ people.
Most mines have a high sulfur content, which produces high sulfur water, which is toxic to fish.
Most mines have a lifetime of a few decades or less.
Most mines have large herds of antelope, deer and elk.
Most mines occur on cotyledons and the first true leaves.
Most mines occur on the first true leaves.
Most mines operate in several seams, with each unit operating several faces.
Some mines affect areas.
Some mines affect biodiversity.
Some mines affect forest biodiversity.
Some mines are all the way underground.
Some mines are by appointment only.
Some mines are more visible when seen from the underside of the leaf.
Some mines are most obvious from the underside of the leaf.
Some mines are open to gem club member only.
Some mines contain heavy metal.
Some mines contain metal.
Some mines contain water.
Some mines create problems.
Some mines flare suddenly from the starting point and are trumpet-shaped.
Some mines have different lengths of time to stay in camp.
Some mines have heart problems.
Some mines have lobes.
Some mines have problems.
Some mines have rotation.
Some mines have same symptoms.
Some mines have symptoms.
Some mines have their own web pages.
Some mines have thousands of years of history, others are very new.
Some mines move more air, pound for pound, than they do ore.
Some mines show locations.
Some mines still operate from time to time.
Mined coal is delivered to coal-fired power plants, where electricity is generated.
Mined land is an excellent environment for integrating forests into multiple benefit systems.
Mined leaves have at first a translucent or straw color, later turning brown.
Mined needles turn red and drop off.
Mined ore is hauled to an underground crusher and then hoisted to the surface.
Mined roads fall into disuse, stopping commerce.
Mined roads make it impossible to transport goods.
Mined sulfur is heated into a liquid and used to protect wine from oxidizing.
A minefield is a tract
Minefields are another threat.
Minefields are tracts.
Minefields attack both friendly and enemy units alike.
Minefields continue to be a concern.
Minefields continue to pose a very great problem in the theatre.
Minefields pose a serious obstacle to passing troops.
MINEit software can also help e-businesses ensure that their marketing is effective.
A minelayer is a ship
Minelayers are much easier to use and automatically lay mines along waypoint paths.
Miner County is a wonderful place to live.
A miner is a laborer
Miner comes to the bench, a river of sweat looking for replenishment.
Miner didn t go for logos much.
Miner is a palomino with a blanket, both hind ankles and a blaze.
Miner is anything but retired.
Miner is only a problem if the leaves are to be used for greens.
Miner isa workman.
Miners also fear constantly about their jobs.
Miners also provide fertilizer for crops and sand for cement and fiber-optic cables.
Miners also suffer thousands of preventable injuries and job-related illnesses each year.
Miners apply mercury in the purification process that is left behind on the mining site.
Miners are a superstitious lot.
Miners are far from food sources and have been hunting gorillas.
Miners are laborers.
Miners are now technicians rather than laborers.
Miners are people.
Miners are skilled workers.
Miners begin their work shift after entering the tunnel through an access shaft.
Miners blow their paychecks to feed their addictions.
Miners cabins and a major stone and adobe residence, remnants of a mill and other structures.
Miners call it white gold.
Miners can request inspections, and State enforcement plans are discontinued.
Miners come and miners go.
Miners complain that safety standards are ignored in the pits and in the processing unit.
Miners continue to wrest silver ore using traditional methods.
Miners contribute to the economy as well.
Miners destroy spawning beds by dredging.
Miners dig diagonally downward, again creating usable tunnels to go under obstacles.
Miners dig in the rain forest to find diamonds and gold.
Miners dig under and install beams and plasterers plaster everything in place.
Miners do it with a bang.
Miners drill and charge blasting holes and perform other excavation work from the platforms.
Miners face environmental risks such as silicosis and exposure to mercury vapor.
Miners get little reward for their huge risks.
Miners have (part) arms.
Miners have (part) body substances.
Miners have (part) cell membranes.
Miners have (part) cells.
Miners have (part) corpi.
Miners have (part) cytoplasm.
Miners have (part) heads.
Miners have (part) human bodies.
Miners have (part) legs.
Miners have (part) material bodies.
Miners have (part) necks.
Miners have (part) nuclei.
Miners have (part) personality.
Miners have (part) plasma membranes.
Miners have (part) sections.
Miners have (part) vacuoles.
Miners have little to cheer about.
Miners have to be mobile so that when one pit closes they can move on to newer ones.
Miners have to go to some pretty ordinary places in the middle of nowhere.
Miners have to take a special type of elevator to get there.
Miners hold license.
Miners install initial supports to hold the tunnel open until final supports can be installed.
Miners live in houses.
Miners live in poverty in crowded singles hostels removed from family, culture, and community.
Miners load the holes with explosives and then set the explosives off.
Miners locate claims to acquire mineral rights.
Miners make better choices with more intent because they think better.
Miners reduce entire mountains to huge piles of crushed rock.
Miners refuse to work after death.
Miners Refuse to Work After Death.
Miners respect the earth from which they take the minerals necessary for everyone's lives.
Miners return to work, but violence continues.
Miners sink deeper shafts.
Miners still die in blasting accidents.
Miners still die in explosions.
Miners take an elevator down a mineshaft.
Miners tend to 'shop around' the various refineries in order to obtain the best price.
Miners threaten the environment of eastern lowland gorillas.
Miners threaten to burn themselves to death.
Miners trade gold dust for food and supplies.
Miners travel in the mines on electric jeeps or personnel carriers commonly known as mantrips.
Miners use hand-held pneumatic drills to bore holes which are then filled with explosive.
Miners use mechanical sluices to trap the mud that is rich in gold.
Miners use other machines to scale loose salt from roof and walls to prevent rock falls.
Miners use panning or sluicing techniques to extract placer gold.
Miners use the roads to explore for minerals.
Miners use the stuff as a primer to help blast away rock.
Miners work in coal industries.
Miners work in industries.
Miners work round the clock, day and night, in six-hour shifts.
Miners working on-site are in the best position for prevention and first response efforts.
Miners working without gloves or masks inhale the poisonous fumes.
Miners worldwide have a reputation for alcohol consumption.
Miners often have to walk to work for three miles in pitch black because of lack of flashlights.
Miners often lack basic safety equipment such as helmets and reliable lights.
Miners usually measure results after they finish drilling holes and reach the targeted depth.
All miners get a certain bonus from their leader.
All miners know there is a limit to every discovery.
All miners work with their hands as laborers.
Many miners believe that mining and blasting at the base of the mountain weakened the mountain.
Many miners have a similar dual identity.
Many miners think drywashers are only for use in the desert.
Most miners build a series of ponds.
Most miners live in houses.
Most miners live in single-sex hostels in or near South African cities.
Most miners tend to have some heavy equipment with sizable basis.
Most miners treat the mark to market value as an irrelevancy.
Most miners work in coal industries.
Most miners work in industries.
Some miners call opal, fire from the out back.
Some miners consider factors.
Some miners consider important factors.
Some miners consider other factors.
Some miners consider other important factors.
Some miners crush to death.
Some miners die in accidents.
Some miners eat leaves.
Some miners face danger.
Some miners find effects.
Some miners have nourishment.
Some miners have pyrites.
Some miners hire hunters.
Some miners kill flamingos.
Some miners rely on pans.
Some miners respond to emergencies.
Some miners share the senator's concern.
Some miners travel as far afield as Bo'ness and whitburn.
Some miners work exclusively two or three extended-length shifts per week.
Mineral acids remove oxidation.
Mineral balance is extremely complex, and professional guidance is often needed.
Mineral balance seems to influence cannabinoid production.
Mineral balances can cause disturbed cognitive processes and paranoia.
Mineral City is another large Ohio group.
Mineral coal is another source of electricity production which is available in large quantities.
Mineral collecting has many positive aspects.
Mineral collecting is a relatively inexpensive hobby that can be enjoyed by the whole family.
Mineral collecting is done by digging into the dirt filled veins, to find the loose lying minerals.
Mineral collecting is permitted.
Mineral color can vary from specimen to specimen.
Mineral colors are also the most opaque artists' colors.
Mineral colors are mostly opaque.
Mineral County has the worst schools in Nevada.
Mineral County is an Awesome place to retire or raise a family.
Mineral County is isolated and many conveniences and services are located over an hour away.
Mineral County is one of the counties that are giving up more than four bucks per square mile.
Mineral county is right for real family life.
Mineral cycles are a part of the dynamics of an ecosystem.
A mineral deficiency is lack
Mineral deficiencies are another factor.
Mineral deficiencies are classified as either primary or secondary deficiencies.
Mineral deficiencies are lack.
Mineral deficiencies are more likely to occur in swine than in other farm animals.
Mineral deficiencies are the main cause of all sickness, disease and chronic ailment.
Mineral deficiencies can also cause many health problems.
Mineral deficiencies cause stunted growth and reproductive problems.
Mineral deficiency causes problems in a wide variety of structures and processes i.
Mineral deposits are also a major feature of the town with fossiking being a major industry.
Mineral deposits are examples of finite, non-renewable resources.
Mineral deposits are large and include bauxite and petroleum.
Mineral deposits can build up inside the heat pump's heat exchanger.
Mineral deposits can build-up inside the heat pump's heat exchanger.
Mineral deposits can leave stains on fiberglass units.
Mineral deposits can settle on small-necked bottles and ice cub trays, making drinks taste funny.
Mineral deposits form deep in the Earth and are exposed after the volcano has gone long extinct.
Mineral deposits leave the honeycomb structure faster than they can be replaced.
Mineral dust is everywhere.
A mineral extraction is an extraction
Mineral extraction affects the environment, just as our houses, roads and sewer systems do.
Mineral extraction is a non-sustainable activity due to the finite nature of the resource.
Mineral extraction is an industry that has been on the public dole for more than a hundred years.
Mineral extraction is limited to limestone, gypsum, sea salt, and other construction materials.
Mineral extraction is much more complex and expensive.
Mineral extraction is small, the most important minerals being coal, rare earth metals and gold.
Mineral extraction is small, the most important minerals being rare earth metals and gold.
Mineral extractions are extractions.
Mineral fibers are produced in the same way, without binder.
Mineral ice is also great at soothing the pain and offering temporary relief.
Mineral inclusions give the fossil a golden tone which contrasts with the surrounding black shale.
Some mineral inclusions are opaque.
Mineral licks are ususally soils naturally rich on minerals.
Mineral nutrients are added to animal feed.
Mineral nutrients are critical for plant growth and reproduction.
Mineral nutrients include irons.
Mineral nutrients need for growth.
Mineral nutrients required by plants enter entirely or predominantly via roots.
Mineral oil acts as a lubricant for easier passing of the stool.
Mineral oil blocks the absorption of Natural Progesterone into the body.
Mineral oil can block absorption of Natural Progesterone.
Mineral oil can cause poor absorption of some vitamins.
Mineral oil can decrease absorption of fat-soluble vitamins.
Mineral oil can degrade latex condoms or diaphragms.
Mineral oil can interfere with vitamin D absorption.
Mineral oil coats the stool and helps it slide easily through the intestines.
Mineral oil destroys the black rubber on the plunger.
Mineral oil forms a film on the skin, blocking the pores and interfering with normal skin.
Mineral oil has a tendency to dissolve the skin's own natural oil and thereby increase dehydration.
Mineral oil has more than one use.
Mineral oil is a clear, odor free oil.
Mineral oil is a common ingredient in baby lotions, cold creams, ointments and cosmetics.
Mineral oil is a hazard if inhaled.
Mineral oil is a non- absorbable oil that is digested by bacteria living in the large intestine.
Mineral oil is a non-absorbable oil that is digested by bacteria living in the large intestine.
Mineral oil is a substance of relatively low value, and it is produced in very large quantities.
Mineral oil is a very effective stool softener.
Mineral oil is an alternative that works as a lubricant.
Mineral oil is applied with a cloth and is readily available in supermarkets and drug stores.
Mineral oil is available in light and heavy grades, and can often be found in drug stores.
Mineral oil is essentially inert, and in pharmaceutical purity is used to treat gastric distress.
Mineral oil is flammable.
Mineral oil is flushed through our systems without being absorbed.
Mineral oil is more appealing to some children when mixed with juice or ice cream.
Mineral oil is oil
Mineral oil is oil.
Mineral oil is one of the material components of the compound.
Mineral oil is one way to hightlight a shell's color without seriously damaging the shell.
Mineral oil is safe and effective.
Mineral oil is the major lubricant laxative.
Mineral oil is the most common lubricant.
Mineral oil is the most commonly used lubricant.
Mineral oil is used as a brake fluid in some cars and bicycle disc brakes.
Mineral oil is used in laxatives, lubricants, creams, and lotions.
Mineral oil is used in skin moisturizers.
Mineral oil is used to get the mottling effect.
Mineral oil leaves quite a residue and is hard to clean up, although it does soften the debris well.
Mineral oil prevents absorption of oil-soluble vitamins and drugs.
Mineral oil used in the processing can produce folliculitis and oil-acne.
Mineral oils are dead oils that diminish the positive effect of essential oils.
Mineral oils are quite different again.
Mineral oils can also be carcinogenic.
Mineral oils consist of napthenic and paraffinic carbon atoms in various proportions.
Some mineral oil is ural philosophy, engineering, and architecture.
A mineral processing is an extraction
Mineral processing takes place at several sites in Tasmania.
Some mineral references place it in the carbonates while others put it in with the sulfates.
Most mineral replacement takes place long after exercise.
Mineral resources are a case in point.
Mineral resources are abundant in the county.
Mineral resources are limited to coking-coal reserves in the north.
Mineral resources are meager, except for coal, which is an important source of industrial energy.
Mineral resources are meager.
Mineral resources are natural resources.
Mineral resources are non-renewable.
Mineral resources are peat and sand.
Mineral resources are plentiful with limestone, dolomite, quartzite and shale commercially mined.
Mineral resources are sand, gravel, stone, and natural gas.
Mineral resources are second only to agricultural resources.
Mineral resources are the property of the state.
Mineral resources occur in arid regions.
Mineral resources occur in regions.
All mineral resources are non-renewable.
All mineral resources belong to the State.
Most mineral resources occur in arid regions.
Most mineral resources occur in regions.
Mineral rights constitute one of the items in the bundle with which most people are aware.
Mineral salt dissolves in water.
Mineral salt is mined from thousands of feet below the surface in areas of old evaporated seas.
Mineral salts are also present in saliva.
Mineral salts are found to be of much value.
Mineral salts build up over time to higher levels of disolved solids.
Mineral salts can be both unsightly and damaging to plants.
Mineral sands contain zircon, ilmenite, and rutile, with xenotime and monazite.
Mineral soil exposed by uprooting and decaying fallen trees provide suitable seedbeds.
Mineral soil is an excellent seedbed for germination.
Mineral soil is the best seedbed.
Mineral soil is the light colored dirt that is found below the dark, rich, organic topsoil layer.
Mineral soil serves as a favorable seedbed enhancing germination and establishment.
Mineral soils are generally thin and poorly drained.
Mineral soils tend to have smaller particles.
Mineral spirits are flammable and can be a skin, eye, nose, throat and lung irritant.
Mineral spirits can be a skin, eye, nose, throat and lung irritant, as well as flammable.
Mineral spirits has a little better solvent action, evaporates somewhat faster.
Mineral spirits have none.
Mineral spirits is an oil based product.
Mineral springs abound in the neighbour- hood.
Mineral springs are good to visit, such as Saratoga, Hot Springs, Arkansas, etc.
Mineral springs provide the basis for numerous health resorts.
Some mineral springs emit xenon.
Mineral supplements are desirable.
Mineral supplements are feeds that contain key minerals needed by the cow.
Mineral supplements have greater toxicity potential than vitamins.
Mineral supplements make it especially easy to take too much without noticing.
Most mineral supplements have a feed tag that indicates their estimate of daily intake.
Mineral turpentine contains a high percentage of aromatic solvent, as does white spirit.
Mineral uptake seems also to be affected in plants grown in space.
Mineral varnish leaches through to paint the surface with lines and swirls of darkness.
Mineral water brings out a sweet, supple maltiness.
Mineral water brings out aromatic notes of light caramel, oak and malt.
Mineral water brings out exotic scents of banana-nut bread, nutmeg, allspice, butter and walnuts.
Mineral water contains amounts.
Mineral water contains carbon dioxide.
Mineral water contains dioxide.
Mineral water contains electrolytes, compounds needed for muscle function and energy.
Mineral water is a huge growth business.
Mineral water is always welcome at the table as well as wine.
Mineral water is available everywhere.
Mineral water is available in all lodges, hotels and tented camps.
Mineral water is available in most of the places.
Mineral water is available in most tourist centres.
Mineral water is available in the canteen.
Mineral water is available throughout the trip.
Mineral water is bottled here and stone quarried nearby.
Mineral water is carbonated water.
Mineral water is dead expensive.
Mineral water is drinking water
Mineral water is drinking water.
Mineral water is from a natural spring or underground source.
Mineral water is natural spring water.
Mineral water is provided at all times except at large city hotels.
Mineral water is readily available.
Mineral water is something entirely different.
Mineral water is taken from spas for curative purposes, then sold in bottles in pharmacies.
Mineral water is that which is mined from an underground, protected water supply.
Mineral water is very cheap.
Mineral water is water from a geologically and physically protected underground source.
Mineral water is water.
Mineral water is widely available to drink.
Mineral waters are very clean and have no germs in it .
Mineral waters are very clean and have no germs in it.
Mineral waters can be cold or hot, but their mineral composition is essential.
Mineral waters have very individual tastes.
Mineral waters play an important part in the complex of sanitary and spa treatment.
Mineral waters stand apart within the recreation natural resources base structure.
Most mineral water contains amounts.
Most mineral water contains carbon dioxide.
Most mineral water contains dioxide.
Mineral wealth includes deposits of gypsum, clays, glass, sand, petroleum, and natural gas.
Mineral wealth is often both the reason and the means for some of the long-running conflicts.
Mineral wealth makes Guinea potentially one of the strongest in Africa.
Mineral wool is a material
Most mineral wool made in the United States is actually slag wool.
Most mineral wool used in construction has a low melting temperature.
A mineral is a material
Mineral are also necessary for the utilisation of vitamins.
Mineral based oils break down in the presence of water.
Mineral based pigments have larger pigment sizes and lower tinting strengths than modern colors.
Mineral build up can reduce efficiency.
Mineral build up often kills the plant.
Mineral claims in.
Mineral collecting from scattered float in the pit is good and permitted.
Mineral deficiencies Poor confirmation.
Mineral gaining popularity post breakup is obviously due to a few things.
Mineral has directional hardness.
Mineral immerses a listener in the shelter of genuine self-indulgent sentimentalism.
Mineral is a wax free oil used for many years as a standard for refrigeration.
Mineral is shipped. . .
Mineral is the lightest, with a fresh, ethereal quality that borders on translucence.
Mineral isa material.
Mineral isa stuff.
Mineral Keep a piece of history.
Mineral needs Certain factors influence the mineral supplementation of beef cattle rations.
Mineral resource potential maps provide an overview of the mineral favorability of large regions.
Mineral resources an elusive target of variable dimensions.
Mineral see through back .
Mineral see through back.
Minerals abound on the island and can be seen with the naked eye.
Minerals abound with vibrant pigment colors.
Minerals absorb and emit thermal infrared radiation.
Minerals absorb best with food.
Minerals account for half of Botswana's revenue, with diamonds comprising the bulk.
Minerals act as Co-enzymes, amongst other functions, aiding body enzyme activity.
Minerals act as enzyme activators and vitamins act as coenzymes.
Minerals act as vital food for the body's cells.
Minerals act both individually and synergistically to perform hundreds of tasks in the human body.
Minerals actually make possible the manufacture of almost every product bought and sold today.
Minerals allow the body to build some structures and help trigger some bodily reactions.
Minerals also act as helpers in delivering nutrients and aiding in certain functions in the body.
Minerals also break without cleavage or across cleavage planes.
Minerals also can damage hot water heaters and make laundry detergents less effective.
Minerals also function as coenzymes.
Minerals also participate in antioxidation.
Minerals also play a role in exercise.
Minerals also play an important role in maintaining vital body functions.
Minerals also play an important role in the athletes performance.
Minerals also serve as excellent geologic time indicators for studying Earth's history.
Minerals are a function of remote miners and population.
Minerals are a fundamental component to the U.S. economy.
Minerals are a group of compounds that allow for endurance in an athletic competition.
Minerals are a non-renewable resource found in rocks, soil, or in the ocean water.
Minerals are a strong natural antihistamine.
Minerals are a vitally needed element in the treatment of diabetics.
Minerals are absolutely essential for good health.
Minerals are absolutely for health.
Minerals are absolutely necessary to sustain good health and life itself.
Minerals are absolutely vital to making the structure of bones firm.
Minerals are absolutelyessential for good health.
Minerals are also a source of food such as silicic acid, nitrate and phosphate.
Minerals are also beneficial.
Minerals are also essential components of respiratory pigments, enzymes, and enzyme systems.
Minerals are also important for healthy plant growth.
Minerals are also important in the production of hormones.
Minerals are also micronutrients, but they come from inorganic matter, primarily the earth.
Minerals are also more easily depleted during hot summer months.
Minerals are also nutritionally essential.
Minerals are always solid, with a definite volume and shape.
Minerals are an essential component in the diet of all animals.
Minerals are an important and often overlooked aspect of daily nutrition.
Minerals are an important source of raw materials for many of our modern day needs.
Minerals are an integral part of daily life.
Minerals are another important dietary factor.
Minerals are another item that can be found in supplements on feed and tack store shelves.
Minerals are any substance with all of four specific qualities.
Minerals are as valuable to our overall health and well-being as vitamins.
Minerals are available through kelp.
Minerals are basic elements of the earth and universe.
Minerals are basically, well, dirt, yeah dirt.
Minerals are beautiful to look at.
Minerals are chemical compounds composed of atoms of various elements.
Minerals are chemical compounds or elements found naturally in the crust of the earth.
Minerals are chemical compounds that occur in the Earth's crust.
Minerals are chemical compounds, and as such they can be described by fixed or a variable formula.
Minerals are chemical elements that are essential for life.
Minerals are chemicals.
Minerals are classified by variety, species, series and group, in order of increasing generality.
Minerals are classified on the basis of their chemical composition.
Minerals are complicated because there are so many and it is possible to overdose.
Minerals are components of growth and milk production, as well as several life sustaining processes.
Minerals are components of many body parts.
Minerals are composed of chemical elements.
Minerals are concentrated in bone as calcium and phosphorus.
Minerals ARE conductors of electricity.
Minerals are constituents of bones, teeth, soft tissue, muscles, blood and nerve cells.
Minerals are constituents of the bones, teeth, soft tissue, muscle, blood and nerve cells.
Minerals are constituents of the bones, teeth, soft tissue, muscle, blood, and nerve cells.
Minerals are contained in the bones and to a lesser degree in the body tissues.
Minerals are crystal.
Minerals are crystalline materials made of elements or groups of elements.
Minerals are crystalline solids.
Minerals are different from rocks .
Minerals are different from rocks.
Minerals are distinguished by various chemical and physical properties .
Minerals are easily visible and identifiable by eye or with a hand lens.
Minerals are either the source of, or are essential in the production of, all manufactured goods.
Minerals are elements and compounds.
Minerals are elements remaining after a food is burned completely to ash.
Minerals are especially important in aiding effectiveness of specific vitamins.
Minerals are essential for all living things.
Minerals are essential for good health.
Minerals are essential for life and health.
Minerals are essential for the prevention of muscle cramps.
Minerals are essential parts of all cells.
Minerals are essential to the body's function.
Minerals are essential to the growth and vitality of the human body.
Minerals are essential to the many activities involved in putting food on our tables.
Minerals are essentially pure chemical compounds.
Minerals are exactly what they did find.
Minerals are formed by natural processes .
Minerals are formed by natural processes.
Minerals are found in highest concentrations in the germ and outer layers of the grains.
Minerals are generally trace elements, salts, or ions such as copper and iron.
Minerals are good for strong bones and teeth as well as healthy blood and tissue.
Minerals are here, from gypsum to iron to molybdenum, undergirding a diverse industrial complex.
Minerals are homogeneous, naturally occurring, inorganic solids.
Minerals are identified by their color, luster, hardness, streak, and cleavage.
Minerals are important for good health.
Minerals are important for healthy joint function.
Minerals are important for lots of reasons.
Minerals are important in the quality test.
Minerals are important resource for every community.
Minerals are important to many parts of the body.
Minerals are important to neutralize the effects of acidity in the body fluids.
Minerals are in a less bioavailable form in their diet.
Minerals are in every cell of the body and are vital to overall mental and physical well being.
Minerals are in lots of foods but are especially in fresh fruit and vegetables.
Minerals are indestructible.
Minerals are ingredients of which rocks are made.
Minerals are inorganic and originally enter the biosphere primarily through plants.
Minerals are inorganic compounds that are required for certain metabolic processes.
Minerals are inorganic elements found in the body and food.
Minerals are inorganic elements necessary in the diet for normal body functions.
Minerals are inorganic elements that are found in both living and non-living things.
Minerals are inorganic materials forming naturally in the earth.
Minerals are inorganic molecules that are part of the earth.
Minerals are inorganic molecules that are required by the body.
Minerals are inorganic nutrients that are needed in relatively small quantities by the horse.
Minerals are inorganic substances essential for a host of vital processes within the body.
Minerals are inorganic substances that also perform important functions.
Minerals are inorganic substances which means that they exist in their simplest form.
Minerals are inorganic substances.
Minerals are Jamaica's chief exports.
Minerals are just as important to bodily functions as vitamins are.
Minerals are life sustaining.
Minerals are located in earth.
Minerals are located in multivitamins.
Minerals are located in ore.
Minerals are made by natural processes.
Minerals are materials that after millions of years take their most stable form.
Minerals are materials.
Minerals are matter.
Minerals are measured as ash and are grouped as major or macrominerals and minor or trace elements.
Minerals are metals and other inorganic compounds that work much like vitamins.
Minerals are more stable than vitamins.
Minerals are more yang than say, sugar or fruits.
Minerals are natural building blocks to our structure and are critical in many enzymatic reactions.
Minerals are natural compounds formed through geological processes.
Minerals are natural inorganic solid materials of the Earth arranged in a crystalline structure.
Minerals are natural materials found in the earth.
Minerals are natural solids formed through many geological processes under high pressures .
Minerals are natural solids formed through many geological processes under high pressures.
Minerals are natural substances found in the Earth.
Minerals are natural substances found in the earth's crust.
Minerals are natural, nonliving solid crystals that make up rocks.
Minerals are naturally-occurring inorganic solid with an orderly arrangement of atoms.
Minerals are necessary for all body systems to perform properly.
Minerals are necessary for proper muscle function and many other biological reactions in the body.
Minerals are necessary for the vitamins to function.
Minerals are necessary in very small amounts for the body to function properly.
Minerals are needed for all units and buildings, and come as blue crystals from the ground.
Minerals are neither animal nor vegetable.
Minerals are nogotiable with price.
Minerals are non-organic.
Minerals are nonrenewable resources that are often mined from the environment.
Minerals are nutrients that exist in the body and in organic and inorganic combinations .
Minerals are of lower rank than plants.
Minerals are of significance, as well.
Minerals are organic.
Minerals are part of nature too.
Minerals are plant derived.
Minerals are quite stable during cooking.
Minerals are required for maintenance and function of the skeleton , nerves , and muscles.
Minerals are rigid.
Minerals are similar, though a yellow tomato is higher in sodium.
Minerals are so important to our health.
Minerals are solids that are formed naturally through inorganic processes.
Minerals are solids.
Minerals are some of the most important nutrients the body needs, yet mineral deficiency is common.
Minerals are subject to availability and rare species are often out of stock.
Minerals are substances found in soil.
Minerals are substances that are formed naturally in the Earth.
Minerals are the basic building blocks of all rocks.
Minerals are the basic building blocks of all things, both living and non-living.
Minerals are the basic building blocks of geological materials.
Minerals are the basic building blocks of the earth.
Minerals are the basic building blocks of the human body.
Minerals are the basic components that make up the Earth's crust.
Minerals are the building blocks for bone and muscle.
Minerals are the building blocks for rocks and soils.
Minerals are the building blocks of rocks, and rocks are the building blocks of the Earth's crust.
Minerals are the building blocks of rocks.
Minerals are the building blocks of the earth.
Minerals are the building blocks that make up rocks.
Minerals are the constituents of rocks, sediments, and soils.
Minerals are the cornerstone of good health, all prevention and recovery programs .
Minerals are the cornerstone of good health, all prevention and recovery programs.
Minerals are the cornerstone of good health, as well as all prevention and recovery programs.
Minerals are the country's principle export.
Minerals are the electromagnetic means of communication between the soil and the plant kingdom.
Minerals are the fundamental unit for understanding rocks.
Minerals are the key to unlock the mysterious healing powers of the Dead Sea.
Minerals are the most important Indonesian exports.
Minerals are the most permanent part of living things.
Minerals are things that make rocks .
Minerals are things that make rocks.
Minerals are to be the treasure, but currently it's only useless waste.
Minerals are to rocks what vegetables are to a salad.
Minerals are typically very difficult for the body to absorb.
Minerals are uraninite and pitchblende.
Minerals are used for geologies.
Minerals are used for health.
Minerals are used for nutrition.
Minerals are usually pretty stable to most cooking methods.
Minerals are very essential to the proper functioning of a body.
Minerals are virtually indestructible.
Minerals are vital for absorption of food particles through the intestinal tract.
Minerals are vital for clearing up catarrh and congestion of the sinuses.
Minerals are vital for maintaining sexuality and libido.
Minerals are vital for many functions of the body to take place.
Minerals are vital for preventing varicose veins and spider veins on the legs and thighs.
Minerals are vital for reducing a double chin.
Minerals are vital for sleep regulation.
Minerals are vital for the creation of various enzymes found in our bodies.
Minerals are vital for the generation of hydroelectric energy in cells in the body.
Minerals are vital for the prevention of gout and gouty arthritis.
Minerals are vital to human life.
Minerals are what give rocks their color, shape, and hardness.
Minerals are what give vegetables the richness of their taste.
Minerals are what rocks are composed of.
Minerals are widespread in Alaska.
Minerals become increasingly locked up in biotic components.
Minerals bind together for several reasons like electrical charge and shared electrons.
Minerals buried in the earth are at elevated temperatures.
Minerals can affect one another and their ability to absorb a given mineral.
Minerals can also have two, three, four or six cleavage planes.
Minerals can appear glassy, pearly, dull, metallic, etc .
Minerals can be difficult for the body to properly absorb.
Minerals can be either chemical elements or chemical compounds.
Minerals can be either packaged organic or inorganic.
Minerals can compete with others for absorption and reduce bioavailability.
Minerals can dissolve in water like halite and calcite.
Minerals can have one cleavage direction, meaning they only break along one plane.
Minerals can have structural roles in the body.
Minerals can help control activities of cells and organs.
Minerals carried by drippings that reach the ground can build up into spires.
Minerals Click on the product link to see description and photo.
Minerals coalesce or change crystal structure.
Minerals combine to become the rocks that make up our planet.
Minerals combine to form rocks like granite, basalt, and sandstone.
Minerals combine with each other to form rocks.
Minerals come from many sources and provide lots of good things to make our bodies work well.
Minerals come from plants.
Minerals come from rocks.
Minerals come from the earth.
Minerals commercially produced on the national forests include nickel, cobalt, copper and uraniu.
Minerals composed of molecules containing varying amounts of silicon and oxygen are silicates.
Minerals consist of lifeless materials.
Minerals contain atoms.
Minerals contain bonds.
Minerals contain elements.
Minerals contain irons.
Minerals contain metallic bonds.
Minerals contain other elements.
Minerals contain silicon atoms.
Minerals contain sulfur atoms.
Minerals containing niobium usually contain tantalum as well.
Minerals control the body's ability to absorb and use vitamins.
Minerals control the body's ability to absorb, and use vitamins.
Minerals cover highly diverse groups of materials.
Minerals create an enzyme necessary for vitamins to function.
Minerals crystallise inside the mould and a cast is formed.
Minerals crystallize out at different temperatures.
Minerals Define a mineral.
Minerals dissolve in water.
Minerals distinguish Native American pipestone sources.
Minerals drop out of the river when the flow slows.
Minerals enhance ability.
Minerals eventually replace the organic parts of the plant or animal until it is formed into stone.
Minerals exert most or all of their biological effects while in the chelated state.
Minerals exist in abundance on large areas of the deep seafloor.
Minerals fall into one of the six basic crystal systems.
Minerals find in earth.
Minerals form as hot magma cools inside Earth., or as lava hardens on the surface.
Minerals form components.
Minerals form crystals with specific shapes when they have been able to grow without obstruction.
Minerals form from solutions, melts and vapors.
Minerals form in and on the Earth in a variety of ways.
Minerals form in igneous rock as magma or lava cools.
Minerals form in many ways.
Minerals fracture along planes of weak atomic bonds in their structures.
Minerals function in nerve impulse transmission and muscle contraction.
Minerals give the body skeletal structures and serves in all body functions.
Minerals have atomic structures.
Minerals have characteristics.
Minerals have chemical compositions.
Minerals have components.
Minerals have compositions.
Minerals have crystal structures.
Minerals have definite chemical composition or range of compositions.
Minerals have definite chemical compositions and physical properties.
Minerals have different densities.
Minerals have different pH levels at which they can be assimilated into the body.
Minerals have different physical properties, such as hardness, color, and texture.
Minerals have different properties such as color, scratchability, and luster.
Minerals have different properties.
Minerals have electrical charges attached to their smallest components, called ions.
Minerals have elements.
Minerals have important control functions.
Minerals have many and varied uses.
Minerals have metallic components.
Minerals have one plane of cleavage.
Minerals have orderly atomic structures.
Minerals have orderly structures.
Minerals have physical properties.
Minerals have properties.
Minerals have same chemical compositions.
Minerals have several different ways of being identified.
Minerals have several different ways of getting into the soil.
Minerals have specific chemical compositions, with a characteristic chemical structure.
Minerals have specific chemical compositions.
Minerals have structures.
Minerals have the same characteristics, no matter where on the earth they are found.
Minerals have their own lives, too.
Minerals have two functions.
Minerals have unique physical properties and are pure substances.
Minerals have unique properties.
Minerals have values.
Minerals help activate enzymes for optimal effect.
Minerals help in many specific ways.
Minerals help maintain acid-base balance, to keep our body pH neutral.
Minerals help maintain fluid levels in the body.
Minerals help regulate body processes, such as in enzyme systems.
Minerals help release energy from food.
Minerals help send nerve messages, carry oxygen to cells, and are important for muscle contraction.
Minerals Help the vital organs function properly, regulate water balance.
Minerals help to balance blood sugar.
Minerals help transport nutrients into cells.
Minerals improve quality.
Minerals include calcium.
Minerals include magnesium.
Minerals include quartz.
Minerals include zinc.
Minerals is long and fibrous.
Minerals keep the body pH balanced - alkaline instead of acid.
Minerals make components.
Minerals make different rocks look different.
Minerals make up structures.
Minerals make up the remaining weight along with other nutrients.
Minerals mostly fill amygdules, or are found in veins and along faults.
Minerals occur in abundances.
Minerals occur in amygdules, groundmass and veins of basalts.
Minerals occur in great abundances.
Minerals occur in ratios to each other.
Minerals occur naturally in food and are necessary for good health.
Minerals play a key part in cell regulation.
Minerals play a very important role in estrous cycle function and conception.
Minerals play an important role in dental care because they can make teeth harder than bones.
Minerals play an important role in performance.
Minerals play an important role in water conditioning.
Minerals play key roles in many biochemical processes in the body.
Minerals predominate in plugs.
Minerals produce effects.
Minerals produce responses.
Minerals produced are stone, sand, and gravel.
Minerals produced by plants, phytoliths provide a unique perspective on the archaeobotanical record.
Minerals produced in Oklahoma include helium, gypsum, zinc, cement, coal, copper, and silver.
Minerals produced in the county include clay, oil, gas, and lignite.
Minerals provide nutrients.
Minerals provide the color to eyes, cheeks, lips, and nails.
Minerals provide the handle so the body can use vitamins.
Minerals provided by burning cleared land have only temporary value.
Minerals react with remaining melt to produce the next mineral in the sequence.
Minerals regulate muscular and nervous tissue excitability, blood clotting, and normal heart rhythm.
Minerals remain our keystones of destiny.
Minerals rise from hunger riddled tang of acids.
Minerals rise up to coat the tar and creosote.
Minerals seep into the fossil replacing the organic matter and creating a replica in stone.
Minerals seep through the organic matter is an object, filling it completely.
Minerals serve different functions.
Minerals serve diverse functions.
Minerals serve functions.
Minerals strengthen hair inside, lipids protect it outside.
Minerals support the health of organs such as the heart.
Minerals trump everything else, no matter what or how valuable.
Minerals undergo oxidation.
Minerals undergoing metamorphism remain solid or partially melt.
Minerals Understand what a mineral is, and know the definition of a mineral.
Minerals work in combination with vitamins and affect vitamin uptake and absorption.
Minerals often occur in beautiful crystal forms.
Minerals often occur in geometrical forms bounded by plane surfaces.
Minerals usually have crystal structure and a hardness by chemicals.
Minerals usually occur naturally in the ground and are made of non-organic substances.
All mineral amounts shown are elemental.
All mineral is believed to be intact and included.
All minerals are a natural formation of the earth.
All minerals are anhydrous and the texture is granoblastic.
All minerals are anisotropic , meaning their hardness varies in different directions.
All minerals are crystalline solids.
All minerals are elemental or elements when looked at and analyzed individually.
All minerals are rare forms and are limited in quantity.
All minerals belong to a chemical group.
All minerals break when put under stress, some easier than others.
All minerals can be toxic in dose that are too high.
All minerals have a characteristic streak.
All minerals have a crystal form.
All minerals have the ability to reflect light.
All minerals possess such resistance to a greater or lesser degree.
All minerals support bone, so take one that has all the necessary requirements for solid bone.
All minerals used in nutrient manufacture are basically dirt.
Any mineral can be an electrolyte.
Every mineral contains one or more of the many naturally occurring chemical elements.
Every mineral has a crucial role to play in the human anatomy.
Every mineral has a particular specific gravity, or density.
Every mineral has a specific arrangement of atoms, or structure, unique to that mineral.
Every mineral has a unique crystal form.
Many minerals also require other minerals to be utilized fully in the body.
Many minerals are capable of forming solid crystalline deposits.
Many minerals are essential for proper heart functioning.
Many minerals are essential nutrients.
Many minerals are famous for their elemental structure due to an important element or compound.
Many minerals are found in small quantities, but little is worked save salt and building stone.
Many minerals are important in modern industry, health and political activities.
Many minerals are present in the body as electrolytes.
Many minerals are required by goats.
Many minerals come from the ocean.
Many minerals come in a great diversity of colors, and many different minerals have similar colors.
Many minerals contain radioactive isotopes.
Many minerals contain sulfur ions.
Many minerals contains small quantities of radioactive elements.
Many minerals exist as ions attached to clay particles, which have a net negative charge.
Many minerals exist as sulfides in ores, e.g. copper sulfide, iron sulfide.
Many minerals form crystals that are too small to see under the microscope.
Many minerals found in nature are naturally magnetic.
Many minerals have a distinctive color, however, many minerals can occur in several colors.
Many minerals have a tendency to break or split along preferred lines, known as cleavage .
Many minerals have economic value.
Many minerals have names with interesting histories.
Many minerals have no cleavage, and so break in an irregular pattern.
Many minerals incorporate water into their crystalline matrices.
Many minerals require other minerals to be utilized fully in the body.
Many minerals vary in composition, but the variation is within definite limits.
Most minerals are compounds, which means that they are combinations of elements .
Most minerals are easy to obtain in quantities required by the body.
Most minerals are extracted from solutes in rain or surface water flow.
Most minerals are salts of weak acids and strong bases.
Most minerals break along a certain plane.
Most minerals come from plants.
Most minerals contain atoms.
Most minerals contain bonds.
Most minerals contain elements.
Most minerals contain irons.
Most minerals contain metallic bonds.
Most minerals contain more than one element.
Most minerals contain other elements.
Most minerals contain silicon atoms.
Most minerals contain sulfur atoms.
Most minerals display some variability in composition.
Most minerals dissolve in water.
Most minerals enhance ability.
Most minerals find in earth.
Most minerals fluoresce a single color.
Most minerals form components.
Most minerals have a characteristic geometric shape.
Most minerals have a crystalline structure.
Most minerals have atomic structures.
Most minerals have characteristics.
Most minerals have chemical compositions.
Most minerals have components.
Most minerals have compositions.
Most minerals have crystal structures.
Most minerals have elements.
Most minerals have metallic components.
Most minerals have orderly atomic structures.
Most minerals have orderly structures.
Most minerals have physical properties.
Most minerals have properties.
Most minerals have same chemical compositions.
Most minerals have specific chemical compositions.
Most minerals have structures.
Most minerals have unique properties.
Most minerals have values.
Most minerals improve quality.
Most minerals make components.
Most minerals make up structures.
Most minerals occur as crystals when conditions are suitable.
Most minerals occur in abundances.
Most minerals occur in great abundances.
Most minerals occur naturally as crystals.
Most minerals occur with other minerals.
Most minerals produce effects.
Most minerals produce responses.
Most minerals provide nutrients.
Most minerals reflect visible and infrared light in unique ways.
Most minerals serve different functions.
Most minerals serve functions.
Most minerals show an uneven fracture.
Most minerals undergo oxidation.
Most minerals work as enzyme helpers during metabolism.
Some minerals absorb ultraviolet light and then release lower energy visible light.
Some minerals actually enhance the absorption of other minerals.
Some minerals affect growth.
Some minerals affect kids.
Some minerals affect newborn kids.
Some minerals affect plant growth.
Some minerals are absorbed much more readily in the ionic forms found in such sources.
Some minerals are an essential part of one's diet while others have an undetermined function.
Some minerals are colorless.
Some minerals are elements by themselves.
Some minerals are essential industrial resources.
Some minerals are fluorescent.
Some minerals are important elements in our structural material.
Some minerals are in too course a form to be used by the body.
Some minerals are known to exhibit multiple colors of fluorescence in a single specimen.
Some minerals are magnetic.
Some minerals are more ductile than others.
Some minerals are more susceptible to chemical weathering than others.
Some minerals are much more effective when taken in different segments of the day.
Some minerals are sensitive to light, dampness and heat so look each one up.
Some minerals are tested by taste.
Some minerals are valuable enough to be mined.
Some minerals are valuable for the useful elements they contain.
Some minerals are very important for hair growth.
Some minerals assist in the body's chemical reactions and others help form body structures.
Some minerals break easily into flat surfaces, like calcite .
Some minerals break only in one direction.
Some minerals can be both crystalline and amorphous.
Some minerals can have slightly different compositions within a specific range.
Some minerals cause bone deformities.
Some minerals cause damage.
Some minerals cause deformities.
Some minerals cause problems.
Some minerals cleave perfectly in one direction and poorly in others.
Some minerals completely dissolve in water.
Some minerals consist of ore.
Some minerals consist of quartz.
Some minerals contain beryllium.
Some minerals contain calcium.
Some minerals contain chemical compounds.
Some minerals contain chlorine.
Some minerals contain complex compounds.
Some minerals contain compounds.
Some minerals contain copper.
Some minerals contain earth.
Some minerals contain element chlorine.
Some minerals contain element fluorine.
Some minerals contain fibre.
Some minerals contain fluorine.
Some minerals contain magnesium.
Some minerals contain mercury.
Some minerals contain more complex chemical compounds.
Some minerals contain more complex compounds.
Some minerals contain oxygen.
Some minerals contain parallel fibre.
Some minerals contain proteins.
Some minerals contain silica.
Some minerals contain silicon.
Some minerals contain sulfur.
Some minerals contain uranium.
Some minerals contain zinc.
Some minerals continue to glow when the light is turned off, a condition called phosphorescence.
Some minerals develop an electrical charge when heated, others when cooled.
Some minerals find in flavor water.
Some minerals find in granite.
Some minerals find in himalayan salt.
Some minerals find in milk.
Some minerals find in salt.
Some minerals find in water.
Some minerals form a metal bead after being flamed, others give off fumes, and a few volatilize.
Some minerals give off a very shiny appearance, while others appear very dull.
Some minerals have a fixed chemical composition, while others are a series of related compounds.
Some minerals have a single color that is characteristic of that mineral.
Some minerals have a tendency to oxidize or corrode.
Some minerals have a tendency to split or crack along parallel or flat planes.
Some minerals have a unique texture, odor, or taste.
Some minerals have chemicals.
Some minerals have color.
Some minerals have common uses as drugs.
Some minerals have crystal.
Some minerals have effects.
Some minerals have enzymes.
Some minerals have gravity.
Some minerals have levels.
Some minerals have luster.
Some minerals have metallic luster.
Some minerals have more than one common name.
Some minerals have more than one direction of cleavage.
Some minerals have same chemistry but different lattices - polymorphs.
Some minerals have same color.
Some minerals have samples from several locations around the globe.
Some minerals have specific characteristics.
Some minerals have specific gravity.
Some minerals help bones.
Some minerals help insulin.
Some minerals including selenium and zinc also have an important role in antioxidant enzymes.
Some minerals kill plants.
Some minerals lead to diseases.
Some minerals lead to illnesses.
Some minerals lead to serious illnesses.
Some minerals look 'dull' in luster, and some look 'shiny', for example.
Some minerals make up bones.
Some minerals make up exoskeletons.
Some minerals occur in varieties with density ranges rather than a precise value.
Some minerals pass through fields.
Some minerals react when they are placed within a magnetic field.
Some minerals share a molecular structure but have different chemistry.
Some minerals show magnetism.
Some minerals stimulate excretion.
Some minerals undergo color changes when put under intense heat.
Some minerals work together well and some minerals prevent absorption of other minerals.
Mineralized bone is green and osteoid is orange.
A mineralocorticoid is a corticosteroid
Mineralocorticoids affect the rate at which the kidneys absorb certain minerals from the blood.
Mineralocorticoids are corticosteroids.
Mineralocorticoids have their major effects on salt and water balance.
Mineralocorticoids maintain electrolyte balance.
Mineralocorticoids regulate electrolyte balances.
Mineralocorticoids regulate fluid and electrolyte balance and help maintain blood pressure.
Mineralogical factors affect the biological activity of crystalline silica.
Mineralogical twins are analogous to monozygotic, Siamese twins.
A mineralogist is a scientist
Mineralogists also record what color minerals turn in a special light .
Mineralogists also record what color minerals turn in a special light.
Mineralogists are scientists.
Mineralogists can help find important minerals in the Earth using what they know and learn .
Mineralogists can help find important minerals in the Earth using what they know and learn.
Mineralogists study mineral formation, composition, and properties.
Mineralogists study minerals and precious stones.
Mineralogists study the formation, composition and properties of minerals.
Mineralogists study the formation, composition, structure, and properties of minerals.
Many mineralogists argue about certain minerals or substances.
A mineralogy is a geology
Mineralogies are geologies.
Mineralogy also has an integrated classroom-lab format.
Mineralogy forms the basis for the study of all rock types and rock-forming processes.
Mineralogy is a foundation course for geology.
Mineralogy is mixed.
Mineralogy is the study of the crystalline solids that make up the rocks in the Earth and planets.
Mineralogy Provides database of minerals with formula and system.
Mineralogy Provides two directories.
Mineralogy scratches new surfaces.
Minerals exploration is almost exclusively overseas.
Miners lettuce grows abundantly at Stunt Ranch.
A mineshaft is excavation
Mineshaft capping for access is another example.
Minesite reclamation is directed primarily at returning to agricultural land uses.
A minestrone is soup
Minestrone can be a meal in itself.
Minestrone is even better the second and third day.
Minestrone is made with local vegetables.
Minestrone is traditionally thick enough to hold a spoon upright.
Minestrones are food.
Minestrones are soup.
A minesweeper is a ship
Minesweeper also involves simultaneous pointing and clicking, an easier task with a mouse.
Minesweeper is a challenging game.
Minesweeper is a game of some chance, but mostly logic.
Minesweeper is a math game.
Minesweeper is always there.
Minesweeper is currently the top software used to train police bomb squad personnel.
Minesweeper is easy, fast, and fun.
Minesweeper is the holy grail of hacks.
Minesweepers are games.
Minesweepers are ships.
Mini ATMs are also significantly lower in costs than conventional ATMs.
Mini balls are smaller and more are needed if chosen as reactor media.
Mini bars are also available in most rooms.
Mini bars are available on request.
Mini bars are located in homes.
Mini bars are located in hotel rooms.
Mini bars are located in houses.
Mini bars are located in ships.
Mini bars are used for mixing drinks.
Mini bike plans.requires no welding.fun to ride and build.
Mini blinds come in a variety of colors.
Mini blinds stay.
Mini booms are most widley used at the base of and around machinery.
Mini booms are strapped into the walls and capture oil and chemicals.
Mini breaks are also available for a minimum stay of two nights.
Mini buses are also available for hire.
Mini buses go colectivo almost hourly.
Mini cabins are also available.
Mini camps are our most popular and successful programs.
Mini card shows, trading nights, guest speakers, how to collect, buy and display.
Mini carnations are a very popular flower.
Mini carnations are easy to grow in a garden.
Mini carnations feature the same great colors and fragrance of normal-sized carnations.
Mini carnations grow well in rock gardens.
Mini carnations have a sweet smell that is very pleasing and relaxing.
Mini cassette is included.
Mini clamps enable smooth wire mounting.
Mini clock is a little, digital-looking alarm clock.
Mini clutches are legal.
Mini computers share is small, while big companies build their information systems on mainframes.
Mini consultations are available here.
Mini courses emphasizing oral skills allow students to develop proficiency in conversation.
Most Mini days are as usual taken up by existing customers.
Mini descriptions are available for each of the cells.
Mini diffuser is adorable, adorned with star and moon patterned cut-outs, and made of soapstone.
Mini disc is a audio product that gives listeners digital sound with portable convience.
Mini discs abound.
Mini Discs are smaller versions of actual regular compact discs.
Mini dishes are wireless cable.
Mini dumplings saut ed in butter with nutmeg, pepper and parsley.
Mini energy is thought to be ghost .
Mini figurines add life and character.
Mini firewall provides basic protection.
Mini flashlight runs on watch batteries.
Mini flowers Find a few tiny white flowers, add a few drops of food coloring to the water.
Mini grants are available to teachers to initiate Internet connections.
Mini kits are for fifteen students.
Mini lamps are a special category.
Some mini laptops come close but are still too big.
Mini lessons teach important scientific principles.
Mini light are less common in homes.
Mini lights produce a minimum of heat release.
Mini macaws are primarily a bright green with a few color accents on their shoulders or tails.
Mini marshmallows work excellent are are easy to pack also.
Mini mealworms are just young mealworms harvested at a smaller size than the large common mealworms.
Mini motivator Ask students to remember the case study.
Mini mice are commonly black or black and white.
Mini orchids thrive in warm, humid conditions.
Mini Ornaments Bring back the memories of a simpler time.
Mini pacifiers are available to help decorate the baby shower pots.
Mini Parrots Live video and pic of cockatiels and parrotlets.
Mini pickups can handle a lot of battery weight, but tend to be rather heavy.
Mini pigs are very special and unique animals.
Mini profiles are news flashes.
Mini pumps offer performance similar to that of medium-sized frame pumps.
Mini pumpkins make adorable decoration.
Mini refrigerators are available upon request for an extra charge.
Mini reviews are forthcoming.
Mini rice cakes Individual sandwich bags of whole wheat, bite-size crackers .
Mini samples are available to the serious shopper.
Mini schnauzers are comfortable on a farm or at home in the city.
Mini skirts are great to have for the fall season and complement almost anything.
Mini skirts are still cool.
Mini sprints are chain driven making use of a motorcycle engine.
Mini strokes predict major problems.
Mini suite includes a coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, and alarm clock radio.
Mini suites are available with microwaves and refrigerators.
Mini summits are planned Within the summit, a series of minisummits is planned.
Mini taxis are plentiful in town.
Mini tech is less important in the beginning, but it becomes more important as the game goes on.
Mini train rides to the best of the festival and parking areas.
Mini treks are also available for children and beginners.
Mini tutorials explain the steps with useful illustrations to show the way.
Mini vacations are for accommodations only.
Mini wall hangings, quilts featuring photos or special themes are favorites.
Mini workouts are important for keeping stress levels in check.
Mini wrappers are available in gold or silver.
Mini wrappers come blank on the back of each.
A mini is a skirt
Minis are automobiles.
Minis are for laptop users or small hands.
Minis are very good with children, good watchdogs, and overall, excellent family pets.
Minis have regular training matches and occasional tournaments.
Minis tend to grow slower and mature faster.
Most minis are very friendly and outgoing animals and make great pets.
Some minis are so big they almost look like floribundas.
Miniature angel collectibles in polymer clay.
Miniature badges are also available for mothers, sisters, or for engagement purposes.
Miniature beauties catch the eye.
Miniature beds line the walls.
Miniature brasses are excellent condition .
Miniature bulbs come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and styles.
Miniature butterflyfish startle with their banana yellow.
Miniature carnations come in a variety of colors.
Miniature cattle are classified in three categories as measured by height at the hip.
Miniature characters prove illegible when the manuscript is reproduced on a copying machine.
Miniature clasps are available commercially.
Miniature climbers are also available.
Miniature components are always more expensive to build.
Miniature components minimize dead volume.
Miniature conch shells with incised decoration.
Miniature courses are basically a putting green with obstacles.
Miniature cultivars are more suitable for small ponds.
Miniature dioramas show Native subsistence lifestyles prior to European contact.
Miniature donkeys are affectionate, gentle, smart, quiet, and domesticated.
Miniature donkeys are docile and surprisingly intelligent.
Miniature donkeys are easy animals to work with.
Miniature donkeys are healthy animals but do require shelter from bad weather.
Miniature donkeys are much smaller than a regular donkey.
Miniature donkeys are native to the Mediterranean islands, Sicily and Sardinia.
Miniature donkeys are very kind, docile, lovable, hugable, easy going animals.
Miniature frames are available in most frame and art supply stores.
Miniature furniture adds the final touch and an inviting swing is easily made from a piece of wood.
Miniature furniture perfect for the mantel, bookshelf or even as a gift for that special someone.
Every miniature garden needs a snail or two.
Miniature golf courses -four spaces per hole.
Miniature golf is also available seasonally.
Miniature golf is always a family favorite.
Miniature golf is available along with Olympic style exercise center, and various retail shops.
Miniature golf is available as are several regulation golf courses in the area.
Miniature golf is family-oriented fun.
Miniature golf is golf
Miniature golf is golf.
Miniature golf is great fun for children or families.
Miniature golf is really a fun business.
Miniature golf seems to be a very desirable and exciting thing to do here.
Most miniature golf is played in the evening hours and on weekends.
Miniature golfing is also available for county residents.
Miniature horse rides, kid's games, art, crafts, food.
Miniature horses are a bit of a challenge to breed.
Miniature horses are even smaller than ponies.
Miniature horses are exceptionally affectionate and curious.
Miniature horses are found in many nations, particularly in Europe and the Americas.
Miniature horses are friendly and interact well with people.
Miniature horses enjoy being groomed, brushed, rubbed and scratched.
Miniature horses possess amazing vision.
Miniature horses tend to be around nine hands or less.
Miniature instruments can make things easier for smaller hands.
Miniature joints provide a low cost alternative for classroom use.
Miniature knives can be functional or just charms.
Miniature ladders provide access for the elusive occupants.
Miniature lamps have broad band emission which extends from the visible to the far infrared.
Miniature lampshades provide a perfect way to add color and charm to a chandelier.
Miniature lights are a better decoration choice than standard sized lights.
Miniature lights produce less heat and reduce the drying effect on the tree.
Miniature lights produce less heat and reduce the drying effect.
Miniature lights produce less heat than larger bulbs and reduce the drying effect.
Miniature macaroons make a great appearance.
Miniature mascots are also a great fundraising idea.
Miniature painting is a manifestation of graceful movement.
Miniature peep show with three hand-colored panels.
Miniature pellet allows easy monitoring of amount fed and eaten.
Miniature pieces woven of fine cotton on conventional treadle looms are still more time consuming.
A miniature pinscher is a guard dog
Miniature pinschers love to chew and are prone to choking on smaller items.
Miniature plates are specially popular.
Miniature pots are also available.
Miniature pumpkins are excellent table decorations.
Miniature quilts are beautiful and fun to stitch.
Miniature refrigerators chill microelectronics.
Miniature roses are a way to have a variety of blooms in a small space.
Miniature roses are also good.
Miniature roses are available as tree roses and as climbers.
Miniature roses are available in a wide range of colors.
Miniature roses are easy.
Miniature roses are fun to grow also.
Miniature roses are intricate and tiny, perfect for planting in a container.
Miniature roses are just as beautiful, fragrant and desirable as their full-sized counterparts.
Miniature roses are less than a foot tall and exhibit fine foliage and very small flowers.
Miniature roses have the same care requirements as standard roses, with the exception of water.
Miniature roses tend to grow in a tangle.
A miniature schnauzer is a schnauzer
Miniature schnauzers are our passion.
Miniature scores are preferred.
Miniature seats invite children to ponder the plant world.
Miniature size allows easy wall box or panel instal-lation.
Miniature skeletons sporting mohawks and big grins play in rock bands.
Miniature soldiers line up against each other.
Miniature spines are even able to penetrate through the upper layer of the humans' skin.
Miniature stars are great to use in jewelry or to decorate small packages.
Miniature sunflowers make lovely fresh bouquets also.
Miniature swine are also an excellent model for atherosclerosis and diabetes.
Miniature swine have a lot to offer to the field of osteoporosis.
Miniature swine is the species of choice for trans-dermal drug delivery.
Miniature swine present several attractive features to the osteoporotic scientist.
Miniature train is closed in the winter.
Miniature train rides available on weekends.
Miniature train rides weekends only.
Miniature trees grow, and clumps of grass called tussocks create little bumps all over the land.
Miniature vacuum pumps.
Miniature varieties are also available.
Miniature varieties are available for pots and planters.
Miniature varieties are best.
Miniature varieties can remain in the terrarium a little longer.
Miniature varieties yield beauty on a more delicate scale.
Miniature vegetables are also on display.
Miniature wildflowers speckle the sunny, alpine meadows like paint spattered from an artist's brush.
Miniature wildflowers turn brilliant blooms to the sun.
A miniature is a copy
Miniatures are addictive - but a LOT of fun.
Miniatures are available by raffle, auction, or purchase.
Miniatures are copies.
Miniatures are exact replicas of the real thing.
Miniatures are fine art that provide a message in form to study and endeavor.
Miniatures are good for memory boxes too.
Miniatures are paintings.
Miniatures are primarily decorative.
Miniatures are prone to overeating and can develop problems from excessive food intake.
Miniatures are reproductions of class rings made smaller to wear as engagement rings.
Miniatures are smalls.
Miniatures come in all colors and patterns with two basic body types - draft and refined.
Miniatures come unpainted.
Miniatures look very good.
Miniatures often require some assembly but look very nice when painted.
All miniatures are one twelfth scale.
Many miniature falls cascade along the solid rock streambed exposing interesting rock formations.
Some miniatures are smaller than a postage stamp.
A miniaturist is a painter
Miniaturists are painters.
Miniaturists just love to share.
Miniaturists often work with gouache.
Many miniaturists enjoy doing little bits at a time.
Many miniaturists enjoy making items from polymer clays.
Miniaturization dictates cramming more parts onto smaller boards.
Miniaturization hits a point of diminishing returns.
Miniaturization is a hot consumer area.
Miniaturization is a natural consequence of increased systems integration.
Miniaturization is a shrinking
Miniaturization is accompanied by allometric changes in many organ systems.
Miniaturization is accomplished by root-pruning and top pruning.
Miniaturization is also visibly at work for linear feedback devices.
Miniaturization is an attractive way to hold down material costs.
Miniaturization is required to allow more functionality in any given system form factor.
Miniaturization is required to help operators reduce space requirements at their central offices.
Miniaturization is the first concept.
Miniaturization reduces the amount of reagents required and decreases analysis times.
Miniaturized prokaryote is circled.
Miniaturized technologies miniaturize institutions.
A minibus is a bus
Minibuses are also common in bigger cities.
Minibuses are available for sightseeing.
Minibuses are buses.
Minibuses are cheaper but slower.
Minibuses are less crowded but more expensive.
Minibuses are slower, but cost about a quarter of the taxi rate.
Minibuses have forward facing seats with seat or lap belts.
Minibuses link the main bus station with the railway station.
Minibuses operate along shorter routes.
Minibuses operate more often, and generally cover shorter distances.
Minibuses run between Gaborone and Johannesburg.
Minibuses run regularly around the island and a taxi service is also available.
Minibuses often run between tourist hotels in the major towns.
All minibuses are lift equipped with space for three average-sized wheelchairs to be secured.
A minicab is a taxi
Minicabs are cabs.
Minicabs are usually cheaper than black cabs.
Minicabs basically consist a person and their car.
Minicabs can be good, cheap, safe alternative to underground travel late at night.
Minicabs charge less than the black cabs, and prices can be negotiated.
A minicomputer is a digital computer
Minicomputers are a bit larger than PCs.
Minicomputers are digital computers.
Minicomputers are smaller than mainframes, but larger than personal computes.
Minicomputers are smaller versions of mainframe computers.
Minicomputers are smaller, less powerful, and less expensive than mainframes.
Minigrant applications require six copies.
A minim is an unit
Minims are the smallest workers, and look after the growing brood or care for the fungus gardens.
Minimal absorption occurs after inhaled use.
Minimal age varies somewhat depending upon the specie.
Minimal area is correct.
Minimal artifact is seen uniformly around the periphery of the phantom.
Minimal assembly is required.
Minimal authentication is done through an initial email and a password.
Minimal bibliography is required.
Minimal camping is required.
Minimal capacity is required.
Minimal care is best.
Minimal care is needed for mint.
Minimal care is required prior to release and complete instructions are included.
Minimal care is required.
Minimal cast is four musicians.
Minimal changes occur in the sense of smell as one ages.
Minimal charges apply to extra photocoping and long distance faxing or telephone calls.
Minimal cleanup is required and parts fit is commendable.
Minimal clipping is required.
Minimal colors make the links stand out and are easy to follow.
Minimal components deliver smooth motion with every repetition.
Minimal consideration is given to humans and other primates.
Minimal contact is needed.
Minimal cooperation is needed from other parties involved in the exchange.
Minimal costs do apply to provide class materials, etc.
Minimal damage is done to building structures.
Minimal decency requires a certain level of remedy.
Minimal description is as efficient as a surgeon's precise incision.
Minimal direction is required.
Minimal discontinuity occurs when the volume approximates to a sphere.
Minimal displacement keeps the soil in place during installation resulting in a quality silt fence.
Minimal disruption means keeping the sample turnaround time within normal production schedules.
Minimal distortion is detected even at the highest setting.
Minimal documents contain only text.
Minimal documentation is provided to be downloaded with the program.
Minimal dollar amounts for scholarships seems to have become policy without senate approval.
Minimal downtime is a critical factor to be considered.
Minimal dues are symbolic, but also carry some legal weight.
Minimal effort gives maximum benefit.
Minimal effort is involved in learning Flexible Report Generator.
Minimal effort is required to hold tools down into working position.
Minimal effort results in a minimal score.
Minimal effort results in minimal credit.
Minimal emphasis is placed on retrospective collecting.
Minimal employees are defensive and shun responsibility.
Minimal employees are usually cheaper but deliver much less value.
Minimal energy is expended in a quick low drive.
Minimal enrollment is six semester hours per term.
Minimal equipment is necessary for the process.
Minimal equipment is necessary.
Minimal equipment is needed as the practitioner needs only the calipers and a tape measure.
Minimal equipment is required for small scale, intensive production.
Minimal equipment is required, only devotion and respect.
Minimal equipment is required.
Minimal error checking on the dates entered is performed.
Minimal erythema is seen in the surrounding skin.
Minimal exercise does help to stimulate an appetite.
Minimal exercise is needed.
Minimal exercise is required.
Minimal experience is acceptable.
Minimal files are to each client computer.
Minimal funds are available to support pilots.
Minimal furniture is available for sets.
Minimal gear includes a tent, sleeping pad and bag, plenty of water and a sweater or light jacket.
Minimal gear includes warm coat, hiking boots, rain jacket, water, food, and camera of course.
Minimal grooming is required.
Minimal hardware includes a single release knob for infeed table adjustment.
Minimal heating is provided using a voltage regulator connected to heat tape.
Minimal heating is provided, using a voltage regulator connected to heat tape.
Minimal homework is required.
Minimal human interference ensures animal behaviour.
Minimal human interference ensures behaviour.
Minimal hydronephrosis means that the interior of the kidney is mildly stretched.
Minimal impact is caused, and only when there are many floats in the water.
Minimal impact is the best that can be hoped for, with as much mitigation as is possible.
Minimal inconvenience is envisaged.
Minimal inflammation is seen in the lamina propria.
Minimal information is collected on subjects who refuse to participate.
Minimal information is currently available about possible delayed adverse effects of vaccination.
Minimal input is needed by the consumer to generate the correct taxation due.
Minimal installation consists of plugging in the cable and power cord and booting up.
Some minimal instructions are at the top of hpm-setup.
Minimal interaction occurs within the educational framework of the engineering or design curriculum.
Minimal interference ensures animal behaviour.
Minimal interference ensures behaviour.
Most minimal interference ensures animal behaviour.
Most minimal interference ensures behaviour.
Minimal intervention consists of slowing the gait, or commanding a leg to enter return stroke early.
Minimal intervention frees up staff time.
Minimal intervention is efficacious.
Minimal interventions appropriate for an entire population of smokers.
Minimal intrusion applies to the Preferred Position.
Minimal involvement is better than no involvement.
Minimal lightness makes no provisions for decline and decay.
Minimal logic differs from classical logic inasmuch as it precludes refutation proofs.
Minimal maintenance gives years of trouble free operation.
Minimal maintenance is required with only a short weekly tech-test required for optimal performance.
Minimal maintenance is required.
Minimal makeup is needed.
Minimal math is required, and no previous science background is assumed.
Minimal mathematics is used and no previous science is required.
Minimal mathematics is used.
Minimal media is made from ingredients readily available in any lab.
Minimal melodies flow through swell urban rhythms.
Minimal metal is implanted, and a smaller incision is used.
Minimal morbidity encourages early examination and detection of pathologic changes.
Minimal multiculturalism is the hard recognition of our small but disagreeable world.
Minimal music reading ability is required.
Minimal noise appears in the background while keeping the subject in proper exposure.
Minimal oversight is best, so our moderators work in concert with other online Fools.
Minimal pairs are especially important for establishing that a distinction is phonemic.
Minimal paperwork is required.
Minimal parking is available next to the church on New Street.
Minimal parking is encouraged in the core and if it is added, underground parking is preferred.
Minimal parking is located for disabled flats and for visitors.
Minimal pluralism is uncontroversial because all known moral theories are minimally pluralistic.
Minimal polynomial is computed using procedure climinpoly .
Minimal processing is used.
Minimal reading is required, so students can easily work independently or in small groups.
Minimal registration is required.
Minimal regulations are necessary to ensure respect for basic individual rights.
Minimal requirement is navigation of document structure.
Minimal requirements are a masters degree, teaching experience and an interest in research.
Minimal research leads to skepticism of the actual worth of the theory.
Minimal residency is two years.
Minimal response focuses on the topic, but has only barely apparent details.
Minimal rest is given after each.
Minimal retraction is placed on the surrounding brain.
Minimal salary increases for state employees.
Minimal scar has functional advantages.
Minimal seepage is a reality despite the strictest safety standards.
Minimal setup is required.
Minimal skill is required.
Minimal skill returns again at the longest leads.
Minimal staff is required.
Minimal stairs allow for easy access.
Minimal stick is a requirement to make the cast work.
Minimal supervision creates an opportunity for fraud.
Minimal surgery is done for minimal disease.
Minimal teamwork is involved with respect between members based on their expertise.
Minimal temperatures give good resolution, but increase elution times.
Minimal testing is applied to reblended paint.
Minimal testing is performed.
Minimal text is used, and the style is friendly and approachable.
Minimal therapy requires monthly administration of progesterone.
Minimal time is lost to traffic or transit to training areas.
Minimal time is needed for tremendous gains.
Minimal time is required for either setup or tear down.
Minimal toothpaste is needed or just a wet toothbrush is acceptable if the child tends to aspirate.
Minimal training is necessary, and all documentation is available within the help system.
Minimal training is required and includes mailed materials.
Minimal training is required and the tests take very little time.
Minimal training is required for group administrators.
Minimal training is required for users already familiar with email and Web navigation.
Minimal training is required to learn order entry.
Minimal training is required to obtain detailed optical measurement results.
Minimal training is required to prepare employees for the position.
Minimal training is required.
Minimal transportation is available.
Minimal trauma gives rise to hematomas due to a deficiency of procollagen peptinase.
Minimal travel is required.
Minimal trimming is preferred.
Minimal turnout is one.
Minimal upkeep is required to maintain a competitive team.
Minimal use is made of ditto sheets or individulized work.
Minimal vegetation is present on the steep bluff face.
Minimal voltage is current voltage.
Minimal water is used.
Minimal word counts.
A minimalism is art movement
Minimalism is a good practice in designing Web sites.
Minimalism is a very broad issue.
Minimalism is about making things pure.
Minimalism is always less than meets the eye.
Minimalism is based on the hypnotic repetition of small patterns over long periods.
Minimalism is beauty.
Minimalism is ghoulishly alive in our ranks today.
Minimalism is just a synonymn for pedagogical sloth.
Minimalism is magnificent.
Minimalism is minimalism.
Minimalism is out.
Minimalism is perhaps the hardest principle of the four.
Minimalism is the buzzword.
Minimalism is the key here.
Minimalism is the key to the decor here, and it's quiet, in spite of being near the rail tracks.
Minimalism is the rule of thumb in designing Web pages.
Minimalism is the rule when the movie shifts gears to terror, too.
Minimalism is very old.
Minimalism reflects a number of contemporary thoughts.
Minimalism stands as an alternative to such elementary programming.
Minimalism subsumes default logic and circumscription in stratified logic programming.
Minimalist design keeps weight to a minimum.
Minimalist music unfolds very slowly and usually repeats smell fragments over and over.
Minimalist site is innovative and ultra cool.
Minimalist text allows the pictures to tell the story.
Minimisation is a reduction
Minimisation Reduced and connected automata are minimal automata.
Minimization includes first defining the force field parameters for the atoms.
Minimization incorporates free market incentives against use and removes profits from sellers.
Minimization is a reduction
Minimization is decrease.
Minimization is evidence of shadow suppression at work.
Minimization is performed using the matlab function fminu.
Minimization is the expression used when a hazard is lessened by scaling down the hazardous process.
Minimization is the opposite of exaggeration.
Minimization occurs when a person is able to put aside superficial differences, like eating habits.
Minimization occurs with all behaviors, and fears of opening up about the behaviors are common.
Minimization requires that a baseline be removed before.
Minimize irrigation reduces problems.
Minimized application disappears.
Minimized window displays operational status at a glance.
Minimized windows become icons in the dock.
Minimum ability is high-intermediate.
Minimum access allows viewing information on youth demographics.
Minimum acreage is five acres, excluding the house site and one acre.
Minimum age considered is listed in parentheses.
Minimum age depends upon maturity of the child.
Minimum age is dependent upon the compulsory school attendance law of the state of residence.
Minimum age is eight and sometimes older for certain vessels and foreign navy.
Minimum age is eight years old.
Minimum age is eleven years old.
Minimum age is seven.
Minimum age is six.
Minimum age is sixteen years.
Minimum age is sixteen, ground floor rooms available.
Minimum age is sixteen.
Minimum age is ten, but there is no maximum age.
Minimum age is ten.
Minimum age is thirteen.
Minimum age is twelve.
Minimum age is twenty-one, minimum stay is one week.
Minimum age varies depending on the river.
Minimum age varies with water levels.
Minimum ages indicated are at time of employment.
Minimum agreement shows a good hand.
Minimum alcohol purchasing age laws work.
Minimum altitude gain snowshoe hike wherever the scenery is glorious and the snow is best.
Minimum amounts apply and proof of insurance is due before the event.
Minimum amounts are necessary to name other physical facilities.
Minimum application is for one bond.
Minimum assignment is six weeks because of remote location.
Minimum attendance is normally two weeks.
Minimum attendance is required.
Minimum attendance is three, including the leader.
Minimum attendance is two days.
Minimum balance is set to current balance at the end of the month.
Minimum behavior is a very subtle form of disobedience.
Minimum bet is one coin.
Minimum bid is ten dollars.
Minimum billing is for width of material.
Minimum booking applies.
Minimum bookings apply during peak periods for villas and cabins.
Minimum campaign durationis one month.
Minimum care is needed on groundcovers through the winter months.
Minimum care is needed.
Minimum charge applies to plans.
Minimum charge applies to wine tasting.
Minimum charge applies.
Minimum charge includes delivery, pickup and two months rental.
Minimum charge is for one day.
Minimum charge is nevertheless for one hour.
Minimum charge is one day.
Minimum charge is one hour.
Minimum charge is one minute.
Minimum charge is one page black and white rate.
Minimum charge is one-half hour.
Minimum charge is Rs.
Minimum charge is ten dollars.
Minimum charges apply.
Minimum charges are applicable for both rehearsals and performances.
Minimum charges are in effect throughout the year, even if there is no usage.
Minimum collateral is a lien on all business assets.
Minimum commitment Consider establishing a minimum commitment when taking on new clients.
Minimum commitment is equivalent to two full months.
Minimum commitment is for three months.
Minimum commitment is in addition to basic volunteer commitment.
Minimum commitment is one hour each week for at least one semester.
Minimum commitment is one survey every two weeks.
Minimum commitment is one year.
Minimum commitment is shown.
Minimum commitments vary.
Minimum competency is required in a number of basic areas.
Minimum compliance is quite reasonable really.
Minimum consciousness is required in class.
Minimum consideration is given to the learner or content.
Minimum consignment is five head, and there is no maximum.
Minimum contacts promotes federalism.
Minimum contract is for one year paid and is in advance.
Minimum contract is six months.
Minimum contract is sixty hours.
Minimum contract is three months.
Minimum contract is two months.
Minimum contracts are normally for a year.
Minimum cost flows.
Minimum cost includes food, beverage and bar cost.
Minimum cost is far more important than minimum weight.
Minimum coverage is to be no less that the mortgage amount.
Minimum coverage required is generally too low.
Minimum criteria are complicated.
Minimum criteria are necessary to insure the long-term performance of a quality product.
Minimum criteria follow.
Minimum cut is one-half yard.
Minimum delivery is four yards.
Minimum density is required on roadway prior to mixture with cement.
Minimum density is required on roadway prior to spreading cement.
Minimum deposit is one day's rent.
Minimum deposit is one night's rate, more for longer stays.
Minimum deposit is one night's rate.
Minimum deposit is the cost of the room.
Minimum deposit is the first night's rate.
Minimum deposits are non-negotiable.
Minimum deposits are usually low, access is easy, and the risk is minimal.
Minimum depth is one inch.
Minimum detail is four hours.
Minimum details are author, where applicable, title and classmark.
Minimum details required are the type of goods and their value.
Minimum dimensions require special insert information available from publisher.
Minimum distance is about half the screen, maximum is the full screen length.
Minimum documentation is encouraged to streamline the procurement process.
Minimum donation goes up at the door.
Minimum downtime can e asily amount to over an hour.
Minimum drag means Maximum performance.
Minimum education required is that of a high school graduate.
Minimum elevation is zero meters and maximum elevation is one hundred meters.
Minimum eligibility is waived for service-connected disability retirees.
Minimum energy is at , and is the minimal value of the energy.
Minimum engagement is for one day.
Minimum enrollment is designed to take advantage of each child's degree of readiness.
Minimum enrollment is five participants.
Minimum enrollment is four weeks.
Minimum enrollment is required for classes to start.
Minimum enrollment is required to offer a class.
Minimum enrollment is required.
Minimum enrollment is six, maximum, eight.
Minimum enrollment is three persons per session, or the fee equivalent for three persons.
Minimum enrollment is weeks.
Minimum enrollments apply.
Minimum entertainment is more like it.
Minimum entry can be as few as five licenses with no reorder minimums.
Minimum expectation is that each board member attends one alumni event within a twelve-month period.
Minimum experience required as a journalist is five years.
Minimum extension is a function of lens rear element size when using the wide angle bellows.
Minimum fee is accepted for double occupancy only.
Minimum fee is based on four hours of use.
Minimum fee is four hours plus a half hour traveling time.
Minimum fees apply to validate the college credits at time of enrollment.
Minimum files are the following packages.
Minimum flow is a myth.
Minimum flow is maintained at higher temperatures to provide energy for domestic hot water heating.
Minimum flows vary depending on the type of check valve, as shown.
Minimum force is needed to indicate to a follower which direction to go or which figure to execute.
Minimum frequency is daily for financial information.
Minimum growth temperature ranges from cs.
Minimum guarantees required, round table covering is an additional charge.
Minimum guest varies by distance from Maine.
Minimum guidelines suggest training in the following areas.
Minimum heights can ensure table homogeneity.
Minimum impact is urged.
Minimum impact means leaving no trace that humans have been present.
Minimum impact visiting is a requirement.
Minimum impedance happens on the center of bandwidth.
Minimum increase is fifty cents.
Minimum information required for most searches is full name, rank, and number.
Minimum input is required and help is right on the input screen.
Minimum installation requires the first two files listed below.
Minimum intervention is consistent with the principle of preserving and strengthening families.
Minimum investment is one million dollars.
Minimum investment is what it takes to open an account.
Minimum investment occurs when root growth has slowed or ceased.
Minimum investments are high, making it impossible for all but the most affluent to gain access.
Minimum investments depend on the fund family.
Minimum investments exist for most funds.
Minimum investments vary.
Minimum jitter means greater eye opening, which means further distance in a given medium.
Minimum length is about two pages or five hundred words.
Minimum length is eight pages and a maximum of ten.
Minimum length is one page.
Minimum length is six pages.
Minimum length is ten pages.
Minimum length is three pages.
Minimum length is three weeks of five days per week.
Minimum lengths are subject to change.
Minimum level represents a two-day supply for the system.
Minimum limits prevail by law.
Minimum loan is Rs.
Minimum maintenance is required compared to high speed disc decanter centrifuges.
Minimum maintenance is required.
Minimum match is permitted when expanding the template, another difference from file templates.
Minimum night stays applicable.
Minimum night stays during holiday periods.
Minimum nominations are five head per ranch.
Minimum notice is a copy of the rule analysis.
Minimum notice is one week.
Minimum number is one.
Minimum numbers apply .
Minimum numbers apply to delegate rates.
Minimum numbers apply. .
Minimum numbers apply.
Minimum numbers are available on request and depend on when the service is required.
Minimum numbers are fifteen persons.
Minimum order applies.
Minimum order depends on the item and delivery takes about a month.
Minimum order depends on the model.
Minimum order depends on type of card.
Minimum order is a single case pack.
Minimum order is eight per style.
Minimum order is five baskets.
Minimum order is five cartons for items in stock, with larger quantities required for custom orders.
Minimum order is five export cartons per item.
Minimum order is five units due to international shipping costs.
Minimum order is four assorted bronzes.
Minimum order is negotiable and delivery takes two weeks after order confirmation.
Minimum order is nine pints.
Minimum order is one box and turn around time is quick.
Minimum order is one box.
Minimum order is one boxes of cards.
Minimum order is one bundle.
Minimum order is one carton.
Minimum order is one case .
Minimum order is one case.
Minimum order is one device.
Minimum order is one dozen baseball jerseys.
Minimum order is one dozen of any one kind.
Minimum order is one dozen.
Minimum order is one full containerload.
Minimum order is one pound.
Minimum order is one sheet.
Minimum order is one spool.
Minimum order is one TEU per item.
Minimum order is one TEU, with delivery in two months.
Minimum order is one unit of any item.
Minimum order is one-half case of current releases or one case of futures.
Minimum order is per segment.
Minimum order is six desk set nameplates with custom logo panels.
Minimum order is six items.
Minimum order is six lines.
Minimum order is six plants of a variety.
Minimum order is six plants of any assortment of varieties.
Minimum order is six sets of cuttings.
Minimum order is six shirts of the same ink color.
Minimum order is ten covers.
Minimum order is ten servings.
Minimum order is ten.
Minimum order is three packets total .
Minimum order is three packets total.
Minimum order is twelve bottles.
Minimum order is twenty clocks of each design.
Minimum order is TWO canes.
Minimum order is two dozen.
Minimum order is usually one TEU, which can include various models.
Minimum order varies depending on the item, with delivery taking two weeks after order confirmation.
Minimum orders apply and vary by material selected.
Minimum orders apply.
Minimum orders Apply.
Minimum orders are for six or ten.
Minimum orders are large.
Minimum orders are negotiable, with delivery four weeks after confirmation.
Minimum orders are small making it ideal for the small retail owner .
Minimum orders can mix sizes and designs.
Minimum orders vary.
Minimum participation is six individuals.
Minimum payments are tiny little things.
Minimum period is one year, subject to three month' notice before end of the operating year.
Minimum placement is for one year.
Minimum power is required through keyboard port and no external power adaptor is needed.
Minimum power is required to produce a desired pattern.
Minimum precipitation is in autumn throughout the area.
Minimum preparedness consists of carrying a big plastic garbage bag, preferably orange or yellow.
Minimum prepayment is three months.
Minimum pressure is the lowest barometric pressure reading inthe center of the eye.
Minimum pressure required to penetrate dense material-web point begins penetration on contact.
All minimum prices are in U.S. dollars per unit of quantity.
Minimum proficiency is a requirement designed to maintain program diving safety.
Minimum program is PRWDs.
Minimum promoters are five.
Minimum protection consists of a mask in conjunction with goggles.
Minimum protection is what the law guarantees.
Minimum purchase is exclusive of taxes and other charges.
Minimum purchase is for six months.
Minimum purchase is one box.
Minimum purchase is one month.
Minimum purchase is two sets.
Minimum qualification is a completed PhD degree in socio-cultural anthropology.
Minimum qualification is a doctorate in chemical engineering or a related field.
Minimum qualification is an associate degree in a job related field.
Minimum qualifications are a bachelor's degree and experience in the language-teaching field.
Minimum qualifications are a master s degree with significant professional experience.
Minimum qualifications are a master's degree in Business or a related field.
Minimum qualifications are a master's degree in the subject.
Minimum qualifications are a part of that legal document.
Minimum qualifications are a Ph.D. or equivalent.
Minimum qualifications are a PhD in the area of crustacean physiology or related field.
Minimum qualifications are a university degree and relevant working experience.
Minimum qualifications are an earned doctorate in a relevant area.
Minimum qualifications are at least one semester of microbiology, cell biology or biochemistry.
Minimum qualifications are the ability to read, write, and follow oral and written instructions.
Minimum qualifications are the same for all positions within each classification.
Minimum qualifications are three years of litigation experience.
Minimum qualifications differ from discipline to discipline.
Minimum qualifications vary according to the position and are specified in the vacancy announcement.
Minimum quantities apply for custom solutions.
Minimum quantities apply for silkscreen printed products.
Minimum quantities apply to custom orders.
Minimum quantities apply.
Minimum quantities are generally low.
Minimum quantities are the default number listed next to the wholesale price within the web site.
Minimum quantities differ depending on the item ordered.
Minimum quantities DO apply depending on vender requirements.
Minimum quantities do apply of course.
Minimum quantities do apply.
Minimum quantities vary.
Minimum quantity is one spindle.
Minimum quantity is only two with a custom imprint.
Minimum quantity is three dozen.
Minimum quantity is two.
Minimum rates reflect midweek, non-holiday periods at most properties.
Minimum rates vary according to the issue dates of individual bonds.
Minimum registration consists of registration for a minimum of one credit.
Minimum registration is necessary for all programs.
Minimum registration is one week.
Minimum registration is three credits per term.
Minimum rental is a half day.
Minimum rental is one day.
Minimum rental is subject to change in other peak periods.
Minimum rental is two nights.
Minimum repairs have no warranty.
Minimum requirement is a bachelor s degree.
Minimum requirement is a bachelor's degree.
Minimum requirement is a credit average in the final year of the degree.
Minimum requirement is a high school diploma.
Minimum requirement is a Ph.D. in Biochemistry or related fields.
Minimum requirement is a ten-pound dry chemical extinguisher.
Minimum requirement is a three-point belt.
Minimum requirement is an email account.
Minimum requirement is provisional certification or a certificate of qualification.
Minimum requirement is regional accreditation.
Minimum requirement is thousands of colors, and that is what it reads - minimum requirement.
Minimum requirement is three point belts, but four point belts are recommended.
Minimum requirement is three years related experience.
Minimum requirements are a bachelor's degree in a science-based field of study.
Minimum requirements are a 'mega-pixel' CCD and a decent lens.
Minimum requirements are a mobile robot.
Minimum requirements are a Ph.D. in biology and at least one year of pre-college science teaching.
Minimum requirements are completion of junior year in anthropology with emphasis on archaeology.
Minimum requirements are daily minimum temperature, daily maximum temperatures, and precipitation.
Minimum requirements are five upper division courses with a C or better in each course.
Minimum requirements are for a locked setup.
Minimum requirements are for a program that can change file formats and image size.
Minimum requirements are good computer skills, good writing skills, and a positive attitude.
Minimum requirements are in bold print.
Minimum requirements are mandatory.
Minimum requirements are that students maintain a detailed journal and complete a term paper.
Minimum requirements are the person's name and WWII era hometown.
Minimum requirements are three porcelain jackets and three stained or personalized units.
Minimum requirements are wine and juice, and some sort of munchie food.
Minimum requirements call for correct grammar and spelling.
Minimum requirements include ability.
Minimum requirements vary by option.
All minimum requirements outlined in previous assignments are equally applicable here.
Minimum reservation is for two nights.
Minimum reserves restrict the credit-granting leeway of the banks and influence the money supply.
Minimum residence is one year of full-time study.
Minimum residency is four regular semesters.
Minimum residency is six months.
Minimum residency required is two weeks.
Minimum retrofit is required.
Minimum return is zero.
Minimum risk means guaranteed yield and quality.
Minimum run is one week.
Minimum run is three issues.
Minimum score is subject to change.
Minimum score is the same for each of the four categories of antlers.
Minimum score is the same for each of the four classifications of antlers.
Minimum score is zero.
Minimum scores are as stated above.
Minimum scores are subject to change at any time.
Minimum scores differ depending on the program.
Minimum scores required on standardized tests vary according to the degree program and major sought.
Minimum scores required on standardized tests vary according to the degree program sought.
Minimum scores vary depending on the department.
Minimum security consists of three barrack-like buildings and sits closest to the service road.
Minimum security inmates up to eight hours per week , excluding holidays.
Minimum security is if course a prerequisite.
Minimum security is provided.
Minimum service is one month.
Minimum service required to meet requirement for the Focus Series is four weeks.
Minimum shipment is ten pounds.
Minimum shipment is three bottles.
Minimum shipping applies to all orders.
Minimum size applies in all states.
Minimum size is one column inch.
Minimum size remains at seven inches.
Minimum size varies with individual figures.
Minimum skills are necessary for success in college.
Minimum sojourn is two weeks.
Minimum space is one column inch.
Minimum space is quarter page.
Minimum space required is six square meters.
Minimum speed gives maximum life.
Minimum standards are a powerful incentive to perform at a minimum level.
Minimum standards are essential, but they are only a foundation.
Minimum standards are important.
Minimum standards are necessary to keep the high costs of maintenance down whenever possible.
Minimum standards are simply that, minimum.
Minimum standards assure the best advisement and preparation for all students.
Minimum standards vary from state to state.
Minimum strength is required.
All minimum strengths shown are average roll minimum values in the weakest principal direction.
Minimum stresses are best determined from hydraulic fracture tests in a formation.
Minimum subscription is for three months .
Minimum subscription is three months.
Minimum surface are surfaces that connect given curves in space and has the least area.
Minimum suspension is one week.
Minimum tape stop time between scans.
Minimum temperature is at second stage with no external loads.
Minimum temperature limits distribution.
Minimum temperature ranges from cs.
Minimum temperature ranges from degrees.
Minimum temperatures are too warm, particularly over the plains when winds are present.
Most minimum temperature limits distribution.
Most minimum temperature ranges from degrees.
Minimum testing requires two test cases.
Minimum theory is discussed.
Minimum threads is the minimum number of threads the server uses to answer requests.
Minimum tillage allows farmers to increase machinery use efficiency, and control undesirable weeds.
Minimum time involved is five hours per month.
Minimum time is displaced further from the scatterer as offset increases.
Minimum time is generally one hour and maximum time, generally four hours.
Minimum time is on the high-velocity side of the point scatterer.
Minimum time is one day.
Minimum time spent on any project is eight hours.
Minimum times required to complete combined courses vary.
Minimum training is two sessions for two hours each.
Minimum trays are required under total reflux conditions, i.e. there is no withdrawal of distillate.
Minimum treatment ranges from four weeks to six months depending on the type of infection.
Minimum upkeep is required, even on high traffic areas.
Minimum use is made of graphics and sound clips.
Minimum values occur at the poles.
Minimum velocity is zero, which, of course, can occur in a severe traffic jam.
Minimum volume ellipsoid estimator Robust estimator of multivariate location and dispersion.
A minimum wage is a wage
Minimum wage causes unemployment.
Minimum wage hurts poor.
Minimum wage is a federal decision.
Minimum wage is a relative term .
Minimum wage is a relative term.
Minimum wage is a very important topic and effects everyone.
Minimum wage is an example.
Minimum wage is another hot issue for Iowa businesses.
Minimum wage is another issue in Houston that is very important to minority groups.
Minimum wage is below poverty level.
Minimum wage is federal law and the law of Illinois.
Minimum wage is for each hour worked.
Minimum wage is paid.
Minimum wage is pretty much a joke.
Minimum wage is required in most instances.
Minimum wage is set by state and federal laws.
Minimum wage is set by the prevailing U.S. rates.
Minimum wage is the lowest wage paid or permitted to be paid.
Minimum wage is the present pay scale for peer tutors.
Minimum wage minimizes jobs.
Minimum wage sucks ass people.
Minimum wages are anti-competitive.
Minimum wages are un-enforced.
Minimum wages are wages.
Minimum wages can cause some wages to fall.
Minimum wages cause unemployment.
Minimum wages is one subject that certainly falls into the 'ain't-so' category.
Minimum wages vary according to the type of job and locality.
Minimum wages vary according to types of job and locality.
Minimum wages vary in the Dominican Republic by sectors.
Minimum water temperature limits distribution.
Minimum water is expelled and osmotic concentration of the blood is maintained.
Minimum weekend stay at all vacation houses is two nights.
Minimum weight is based on actual displacement.
Minimum width is one column.
Minimum width is set by turning the potentiometer fully counter clockwise.
Minimum workshop is four sessions.
Minimum yield is set before each auction.
A minimum is a peak
Minimums apply for multicolor.
Minimums apply for number of enrollees.
Minimums apply to custom orders with additional fees for models, molds and art.
Minimums are flexible.
Minimums are high for new customers, but lower for long-time clients.
Minimums are limits.
Minimums are necessary for endowments in order to provide an appropriate level of future funding.
Minimums are project minimums.
Minimums remain unchanged.
Minimums vary according to season.
Minimums vary by department and according to the specific goal of the fund.
Minimums vary by process.
Minimums vary for pilots depending on which aircraft they are hired into.
Minimums vary from year to year depending upon the applicant pool.
Minimums vary per trunk.
Minimums vary with model and accessories.
Minimums vary, call for details.
Minimums vary, depending on the product.
All minimums are subject to change depending on the quality of the applicant pool.
All minimums are subject to weather changes such as high winds and severe storms.
Some minimums apply on first-time clients.
Some minimums apply.
A minimus is a member
Minimus is, yes, the smallest piece buried deep under the others.
Many mining accidents go unreported.
Mining areas are also areas of steel and other heavy industry, closely connected to mining.
All mining areas are private property.
A mining bee is a bee
Mining bees are usually darker in color and smaller than the honey bees.
Mining bees are valuable pollinators of spring crops.
Mining bees have one generation of adults per year in the spring.
Mining Claims are for acquiring locatable mineral rights which have been discovered.
Mining claims are simply another form of private property.
Mining claims continue to be explored resulting in numerous roads and activity.
Mining coal disrupts the land and often pollutes streams.
Mining coal is among the most unpleasant of occupations.
A mining company is a company
Mining companies are companies.
Mining companies are mostly Canadian.
Mining companies are producers.
Mining companies are typically conservative and fiscally prudent.
Mining companies based in Canada, U.S. and Australia are contenders.
Mining companies continue to operate illegally, without scrutiny.
Mining companies do have liability for their fair share of the cleanup and restoration costs.
Mining companies donate most of the mineral specimens.
Mining companies employ thousands of people and provide goods and services for millions more.
Mining companies face a similar problem when reclaiming strip-mined Western rangeland.
Mining companies have other options as well.
Mining companies know that.
Mining companies oppose the stricter standard.
Mining companies plan the reclamation process before digging even begins.
Mining companies plan the reclamation process before digging.
Mining companies reclaim land where lignite has been extracted.
Mining companies spray cyanide over huge heaps of low-grade ore to extract gold.
Mining companies use cyanide to extract gold and silver from metallic ore.
Mining companies use deadly cyanide to extract gold from ore.
Mining company disputes charges.
A mining engineer is an engineer
Mining engineers are engineers.
Mining engineers embrace the idea of preserving the environment while maintaining efficiency.
Mining engineers require excellent communcation and interpersonal skills.
Mining engineers work closely with geologists to locate and appraise deposits of minerals.
Some mining engineers work with geologists and metallurgical engineers to find new ore deposits.
Mining engineering is an exciting and challenging field.
Mining equipment can be custom built for specialized applications.
Mining equipment can generate considerable noise, putting workers at risk for hearing loss .
Mining equipment is demonstrated on the weekends during the summer months.
Mining equipment is very noisy and explosives are used.
All mining equipment uses hydraulics and electrical motors to operate.
Most mining equipment is owned.
Mining laws require that at least one inspection of an active site be conducted each month.
Mining operations are significant sources of water contamination.
Mining operations are similarly eligible for duty-free imports.
Mining operations can also threaten to compromise the values of certain sites.
Mining operations end on Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
Mining operations involve the production of both real and tangible personal property.
Mining operations leave deep ponds surrounded by piles of sand and gravel.
Mining operations open up opportunities for spontaneous and planned settlement and plantations.
Mining operations produce coal, copper, gold, natural gas, and petroleum.
Mining operations produce coal, salt, bauxite gemstones and marble.
Mining operations rely heavily on transportation.
All mining operations require periodic equipment maintenance.
Mining regulations require that all miners receive proper specialized training.
Mining towns are things of history.
Mining towns have high rates of unemployment, social problems, and taxes.
Mining wastes are a long-term threat to the future quality of both ground and surface waters.
A mining is production
Mining Abandoned mines are a major source of river pollution throughout the west.
Mining accounts for a large share of Canada's capital exports to developing countries.
Mining accounts for almost half of the country's exports.
Mining adds comfort to summer and makes vacations more memorable.
Mining also accounts for a large share of fixed capital expenditure in Queensland.
Mining also breaks the rocks above and below the coal.
Mining also has indirect environmental impacts.
Mining also leads to road building and surface mining, which destroy the surface ecosystem.
Mining also makes a significant indirect contribution to the canadian economy.
Mining also raises difficult economic, political and social questions.
Mining also ruins landscapes by contributing to deforestation, air and water pollution.
Mining also supports educational and cultural activities in the community.
Mining appears to have been given high priority in the zoning plan.
Mining are defense.
Mining are ore.
Mining are primary sectors.
Mining are production.
Mining attracts high male migration to the mines and associated industrial zones.
Mining begins in Grass Valley.
Mining begins on the coast of Nome, Alaska.
Mining can also add more arsenic to water sources.
Mining can also contaminate groundwater .
Mining can also include other things like oil and natural gas.
Mining can also release acid-causing minerals to a stream.
Mining can be a dangerous business.
Mining can be quite selective, and little waste rock is thrown on the surface dumps.
Mining can continue on sites that put the spoil into only wet weather streams.
Mining can expose workers to a variety of hazardous chemicals.
Mining can have devastating effects on the soils and vegetation of the area.
Mining causes a temporary disturbance of the land.
Mining contaminates the land and water.
Mining continues as a problem .
Mining continues in areas and is proposed for others.
Mining continues to be a weak link.
Mining continues to exhibit declining employment.
Mining continues to expand in importance.
Mining continues until early fall when it excavates a shallow cell in the sapwood.
Mining continues, but the Northern Rockies are now better known for recreational riches.
Mining contributes to West Virginia's local economies by increasing the area's tax base.
Mining creates an environment that is unlike any other.
Mining dominates the industrial production but other industries are steadily growing.
Mining drives the territory's economy.
Mining exists in many countries.
Mining features for sequence classification.
Mining Has a long history in the Strait-Highlands Region.
Mining has a rich tradition of concern for the quality of life in our community, state, and nation.
Mining has an important place in the history of Utah.
Mining has an undeniable environmental, social, and economic impact.
Mining has no place in protected areas.
Mining has serious environmental impacts.
Mining has to be in conformity with local eco-systems.
Mining includes bauxite, coal, copper, gold and iron ore.
Mining includes mining companies, mines, mining buildings and other property, and mining districts.
Mining Includes mining operation and related services.
Mining includes offshore drilling activity.
Mining includes sand, gravel and magnesium.
Mining involves the extraction of minerals and gases and the initial processing of such materials.
Mining involves the mountain top removal method.
Mining involves the removal of earth materials and ore-grade materials to generate economic benefit.
Mining involves the study of current technology and legacy systems.
Mining is a basic industry.
Mining is a capital-intensive industry with great rewards possible.
Mining is a critical industry to West Virginia s economic foundation.
Mining is a cyclical business.
Mining is a fundamental component of the American economy.
Mining is a global industry.
Mining is a growing industry, too.
Mining is a high wage industry that has a substantial economic impact on the region.
Mining is a main campaign focus for the organization.
Mining is a main job provider in Kentucky.
Mining is a major income-producing activity in the county.
Mining is a major industry in California.
Mining is a major source of wealth.
Mining is a minor activity compared to agriculture, when it comes to soil destruction.
Mining is a minor influence on the district now.
Mining is a necessary human activity.
Mining is a part of Pennsylvania's heritage, and it built much of our economy.
Mining is a relatively small sector, but does produce iron ore and cut diamonds for export.
Mining is a relatively small sector, but iron ore and cut diamonds are produced for export purposes.
Mining is a risky and unpredictable business.
Mining is a risky business, subject to the fluctuations of the global commodities market.
Mining is a sideline, extracting lime, silica and crushed stones.
Mining is a small but growing industry in Guatemala.
Mining is a source of additional pollutants.
Mining is a temporary use of the land.
Mining is a threatened occupation.
Mining is a unique and dangerous industry.
Mining is a very fast-paced, exciting career.
Mining is a very important industry in Chile.
Mining is also a big employer on the Coast.
Mining is also a highly significant activity.
Mining is also a major contributor.
Mining is also important, especially copper, coal, lead, zinc, and bauxite.
Mining is also of great importance and includes coal, gold and emeralds.
Mining is also small but is set to expand, with production of potash and bromine.
Mining is also small but set to expand, with production of potash and bromine.
Mining is also the only sector in which direct foreign investment is increasing.
Mining is an expensive venture requiring many steps.
Mining is an ideal application for fractal robots.
Mining is an important activity for Israeli economy, of which much is extracted from the Dead Sea.
Mining is an important aspect of both North America and other global economies.
Mining is an important industry in Idaho and in western Montana.
Mining is an intensive type of land use with potential for environmental impact over a limited area.
Mining is another area where there are some strange variations in practice.
Mining is another potential sector.
Mining is associated with the loss of top soil, vegetation and fauna.
Mining is at work in our gardens as well.
Mining is Australia's largest export earner.
Mining is authorized by a location or a mining lease.
Mining is by sub-level blasthole methods with remote control scooptrams.
Mining is capital intensive, energy intensive and jobs poor.
Mining is carried out with electric shovels, a hydraulic shovel and haul trucks.
Mining is central to the economy of Wales.
Mining is classified by the method needed to reach the coal seam.
Mining is conducted by conventional open-pit methods.
Mining is conducted on a combination of private, state, and federal coal leases.
Mining is conducted on owned property and under private leases.
Mining is conventional, using large shovels and haulers.
Mining is currently small but there are significant prospects for the future.
Mining is done by the open-cast method.
Mining is done on a modified longwall method.
Mining is done on a small scale with hand-operated machinery and small tools.
Mining is entirely by open cast methods.
Mining is everything to the town of Virginia, Minnesota.
Mining is exempted from clean groundwater standards.
Mining is extensively engaged in, and ore is shipped.
Mining is forecast to continue slowly paring jobs over the two-year horizon.
Mining is full of hazards.
Mining is full of interesting, diverse, and resourceful people.
Mining is hampered by harsh conditions and severe logistical problems.
Mining is hard work and requires constant effort and attention to detail to be successful.
Mining is important to Australia.
Mining is important to the country's export trade.
Mining is important, and there are significant deposits of lignite, iron ore, and copper.
Mining is important, especially in the north.
Mining is in total chaos.
Mining is insignificant in local employment.
Mining is labor intensive and frequently provides only bacon and beans for a family.
Mining is limited to predominantly limestone quarry operations in various sectors of the region.
Mining is limited to the commercial extraction of salt and gypsum.
Mining is mostly for construction materials such as limestone and marble.
Mining is no longer a pick and shovel affair.
Mining is no longer economically important on the island.
Mining is no longer terribly relevant to our economy.
Mining is no more essential an industry than many others, the bill sets a dangerous precedent.
Mining is Northern Minnesota's number one industry and responsible for thousands of jobs.
Mining is of negligible value.
Mining is of strategic importance to Britain.
Mining is one of the largest and most important sectors in the City of Thompson.
Mining is one of the most dangerous jobs in the world.
Mining is one of the oldest and largest industries in the province.
Mining is one of the oldest human activities.
Mining is one significant source of pollution.
Mining is part of the story.
Mining is performed by allocating colony spending for a given colony on mining.
Mining is rather difficult without a pick or shovel.
Mining is real tourism.
Mining is represented with a smelting furnace.
Mining is significant only in southwestern Virginia.
Mining is still a major activity in the area, with gold, manganese and copper mines.
Mining is still an important element in the towns success.
Mining is still important, although other industries have begun to predominate.
Mining is still very important.
Mining is strong, and all districts commenting on oil drilling report some increases in rig counts.
Mining is the basis for a major contribution from Northwest New Jersey to modern American society.
Mining is the bedrock of civilization.
Mining is the highest paying occupation in Montana and ranching or farming the lowest.
Mining is the leading industry as Yunnan has one of the world's largest tin deposits.
Mining is the most critical industry to the U.S. economy.
Mining is the most dangerous industry.
Mining is the most important economic activity.
Mining is the only traditional activity with a relatively favorable outlook.
Mining is the only way to extract coal, a vital source of energy.
Mining is the principal industry and lead, silver and iron ore is shipped. . .
Mining is the principal industry and ore is shipped.
Mining is the process of getting the coal out of the ground.
Mining is the province's third most important economic sector.
Mining is the state s primary economic activity.
Mining is the third basic resource industry.
Mining is their only means of subsistence.
Mining is to be scaled back because of unsafe working conditions there.
Mining is tough.
Mining is underway on the newly accessible body of ore.
Mining is unimportant in Paraguay, except that limestone deposits are used to make cement.
Mining is usually a small scale operation, with hand-operated machinery and tools.
Mining is very cost intensive and energy intensive.
Mining is very deleterious to the environment.
Mining is very harmful to the environment.
Mining is very important in Australia.
Mining is very important in Canadian life.
Mining is, after farming, the country's second largest industry.
Mining joins agriculture and forestry with low but constant earnings.
Mining leads to the alteration of landscapes and the geological environment.
Mining Lists a number of web sites which are directly related to the mining industry.
Mining lowers the groundwater level, leading to water scarcity.
Mining normally means an operation that involves the physical removal of rock and earth.
Mining now has an injury frequency rate lower than the average of all other industries in Ontario.
Mining occurs in a multi-seam operation extracting coal from two seams.
Mining occurs within a multi-seam operation consisting of two seams and an eight mile pit.
Mining offers one of the best opportunities for Inuit to create economic wealth.
Mining ores carves great open cast scars in the landscape.
Mining plays a diminishing role in the Colorado economy.
Mining plays a dominant role in central Chile.
Mining plays a significant role in South African economy.
Mining plays an important role in the town s economy.
Mining plays number three banana, a creme pie for foreign pirates.
Mining potentially offers the key to economic development in Africa.
Mining presents some unique situations for use of diesels.
Mining produces a major disturbance in the ecosystem.
Mining produces close to half of South Africa's exports.
Mining produces coal, natural gas, iron ore, copper, uranium, gold and opals.
Mining produces essential raw materials necessary to maintain and improve our standard of living.
Mining progressively spreads.
Mining promotes channel instability as the river diverts into pits during floods.
Mining provides critical raw materials and is a major source of jobs both here and around the world.
Mining provides much of Jamaica's income.
Mining pumps vast amounts of water from aquifers, depleting local water supplies.
Mining ranks as Namibia's most important economic activity.
Mining remains a major industry, along with logging, farming and factory work.
Mining remains are visible over most of the park today.
Mining remains the basis of the South African economy.
Mining remants, especially the mill foundations, next to a beautiful waterfall.
Mining removes gravel from rivers.
Mining represents the smallest number of jobs of any of the economic sectors.
Mining requires adits, drifts, shafts and narrow slopes.
Mining requires lots of machinery, fuel, and explosives and an immense amount of energy.
Mining requires optimum utilisation of capacity.
Mining ruins the environment by destroying forests which ruins the homes of animals.
Mining ruins, spectacular views of peaks, glaciers.
Mining sounds echo as a backdrop to the view of the intense green crystals.
Mining still occurs along the river.
Mining still remains a very old-fashioned industry in the way miners go about their work.
Mining still takes place by primitive methods.
Mining strikes a vital note in the music industry as well.
Mining takes great labor and exercise.
Mining touches every part of our lives.
Mining underground is expensive.
Mining wastes .
Mining wastes that have been used for sandlots, driveways, and roadbeds can also be sources of lead.
Mining works for America.
Mining often means moving mountains of rock to recover small amounts of metal.
Mining often releases poisonous wastes into rivers destroying the animal and plant life.
Any mining done is at the condition of refilling the land.
Much mining is done in order to fill the demands for energy.
Much mining is done in Peru.
Some mining also occurs.
Some mining is done under ground.
Some mining occurs in the Seward Peninsula's interior.
Some mining occurs.
A minion is a dependent
Minion is an assistant professor of mathematics.
Minions are capable of a far greater range of authority, self-determination, and responsibility.
Minions are dependants.
Minions are located in churchs.
Minions emerge from the first boss.
Minisatellite diversity supports a recent African origin for modern humans.
Minisattelite diversity supports a recent African origin for modern humans.
A miniskirt is a skirt
Miniskirts are every bit as dangerous.
Miniskirts are skirts.
Miniskirts are the rage.
Miniskirts are the result of the sexual revolution.
Minister of religion is a clergyman
Ministers of religion are eligible for permanent residency.
Ministers of religion conduct religious services and provide spiritual and moral guidance.
Ministers of religion toil away on pittances.
Ministers of science have to do something about cancer.
Ministers of worship help the clergy prepare for and lead worship services.
A minister is a clergyman
Minister isa leader.
Ministers acknowledge circumstances.
Ministers act on mental care.
Ministers adjust to the job of serving more than one congregation.
Ministers affirm new projects lead to modernizing, society, services.
Ministers agree on energy conservation and nuclear .
Ministers agree on energy conservation and nuclear.
Ministers agree to foster links between scientific research, development.
Ministers aim to establish a free-trade zone between the two trading blocks.
Ministers also believe it is better value for money than the existing system.
Ministers also commit to . . .
Ministers also decide collectively for very practical reasons.
Ministers also intend to collect and publish more cost information for all hospital procedures.
Ministers also meet once a month for prayer and further training.
Ministers also pledge to better coordinate their efforts to combat forest fires.
Ministers appear to be prepared to sacrifice children's lives to win motorists' votes.
Ministers approve items.
Ministers are afraid of censure and punishment but fond of encouragement and reward.
Ministers are all thumbs.
Ministers are already nervous that Britain has lost clout at European negotiating tables.
Ministers are also available for weddings and christenings.
Ministers are also mandated reporters.
Ministers are available for counseling by appointment.
Ministers are available for funerals, or for a personal visit of encouragement and prayer.
Ministers are available for spiritual direction.
Ministers are available to perform weddings, christenings.
Ministers are bridges of relationship, linking needs of people to resources.
Ministers are capable of marry couples.
Ministers are certainly responsible for what has happened.
Ministers are clergymans.
Ministers are committed to making such regulations.
Ministers are concerned that public sector management is irreparably inefficient.
Ministers are concerned that public-sector management is irreparably inefficient.
Ministers are diplomats.
Ministers are disregard as unable to help in such modern spiritual problems.
Ministers are due to meet that target, but have been attacked over rises in secondary class sizes.
Ministers are either extraordinary or ordinary.
Ministers are equal and responsible for the implementation of government policy.
Ministers are executives.
Ministers are grateful for all the work that the assessors do.
Ministers are greasers who lubricate the machinery of a group.
Ministers are here because their people decided so.
Ministers are humans.
Ministers are in a special manner called to the study of it.
Ministers are interested in ensuring that coroners provide a high quality service to the public.
Ministers are just as vulnerable as others.
Ministers are keen to keep the unions at arms length.
Ministers are likely to confirm the holiday next month, according to reports.
Ministers are located in funerals.
Ministers are located in parliaments.
Ministers are members of the presbytery.
Ministers are never above temptation to fall into traps.
Ministers are no exception.
Ministers are now anxious to see the countryside start returning to normal before the election.
Ministers are now number five.
Ministers are officers so to speak of the government.
Ministers are often ill equipped to lead congregations with such perplexity.
Ministers are often the first people approached in times of crisis and trauma.
Ministers are on call for any serious troubles or emergencies that affect members of their churches.
Ministers are open to persuasion.
Ministers are out of Delhi holidaying in India or abroad.
Ministers are part of cabinets.
Ministers are politicians.
Ministers are present, caring, ready to help.
Ministers are provosts.
Ministers are public services.
Ministers are qualified to officiate marriage ceremonies.
Ministers are religious leaders.
Ministers are responsible for substantiating their housing expenses.
Ministers are sheep and also shepherds at the same time.
Ministers are the heads of the departments for which they are responsible.
Ministers are there but no mention of a prime minister or cabinet.
Ministers are to attend conference sponsored activities.
Ministers are to discuss progress when they meet in Sweden next month.
Ministers are to refrain from performing marriage ceremonies where one or both parties are divorced.
Ministers are to stand firm and reprove and rebuke sin with all authority.
Ministers are under a duty to make efficient and cost-effective travel arrangements.
Ministers are unsalaried and chosen from the congregation by nomination and the use of the lot.
Ministers are used for ceremony.
Ministers are used for guidance.
Ministers are used for marrying people.
Ministers are used for people.
Ministers are used for perform services.
Ministers are used for teachs.
Ministers are very concerned at the growing shortage of GPs in deprived areas.
Ministers are welcome at any hour.
Ministers become a sort of miniature kings in their turn.
Ministers believe that it has unnecessarily alienated large numbers of older voters.
Ministers bemoan the proscription of religious values in the classroom.
Ministers breeze in unannounced for quick visits, showing an unusual familiarity and friendliness .
Ministers can also download credential renewal forms.
Ministers can but knock at the external door of the senses.
Ministers can have a transcript of what's said on-air within an hour of it being broadcast.
Ministers can instigate changes in the law.
Ministers can learn a lot from watching how a therapist talks to the alters.
Ministers can select either to attend.
Ministers can take another step by building a confidential partnership of accountability.
Ministers can then deny involvement in painful choices.
Ministers choose to seek a bishopric rather than relevancy.
Ministers cite issues.
Ministers claim it is the biggest ever drive to inform the public of the dangers of smoking.
Ministers claim to be reducing requirements in the traditional subjects for the benefit of teachers.
Ministers come to churches.
Ministers come to knowledge.
Ministers complain about having to take policy cues from vague hints and offhand comments.
Ministers concentrate on evangelism.
Ministers continue to be accountable for behavior and for the ministry to which they are called.
Ministers continue to touch lives of others at times of joy and at times of sorrow.
Ministers covet bigger churches with bigger budgets.
Ministers deserve more credit than their critics allow.
Ministers deserve time off.
Ministers direct the various divisions of the executive branch.
Ministers discuss upcoming outreaches, ministry needs, and strategies for community-wide outreaches.
Ministers do face temptations.
Ministers do it vicariously.
Ministers dodge around that, and prevaricate when asked to be precise.
Ministers eat bushmeat at official functions.
Ministers embrace the flummery with evident pleasure, but also with calculation.
Ministers entering a congregation often have a conscious or unconscious plan to change things.
Ministers exchange illustrations via email.
Ministers expect large numbers of older farmers to quit the land following the crisis.
Ministers expect to discuss wide ranging energy challenges and policies.
Ministers experience burnout at an almost frightening rate.
Ministers express their determination to resist protectionist pressures of all kinds.
Ministers fall in a different category.
Ministers feel impelled to do something in response to an outcry - often over a health scare.
Ministers gather to show commitment to reconciliation.
Ministers generally lack community.
Ministers get to work with people as they are preparing for marriage.
Ministers Give the knowledge of.
Ministers have (part) arms.
Ministers have (part) body substances.
Ministers have (part) cell membranes.
Ministers have (part) cells.
Ministers have (part) corpi.
Ministers have (part) cytoplasm.
Ministers have (part) heads.
Ministers have (part) human bodies.
Ministers have (part) legs.
Ministers have (part) material bodies.
Ministers have (part) necks.
Ministers have (part) nuclei.
Ministers have (part) personality.
Ministers have (part) plasma membranes.
Ministers have (part) sections.
Ministers have (part) vacuoles.
Ministers have a high position in their society.
Ministers have a tendency to focus on their work more than on their walk .
Ministers have but glimpses into the eternal world.
Ministers have frequent meetings on a bilateral basis with a range of industry figures.
Ministers have international commitments to tackle climate change.
Ministers have it hard enough.
Ministers have limited time and resources.
Ministers have little or no theological training and, typically, no salary.
Ministers have no direct control over police numbers.
Ministers have no involvement in the statutory approval process for track layout or safety rules.
Ministers have numerous initiations with strange names - valedictions, ordinations, inductions.
Ministers have offices and offices within offices.
Ministers have receptive audiences who often are looking for political guidance.
Ministers have to accept that reality.
Ministers have to be able to live without a sense of closure much of the time.
Ministers have yet to announce the commencement date.
Ministers have yet to decide on the possibility of a second wave of centres.
Ministers have yet to decide whether to extend the scheme by making tags a condition of bail.
Ministers have yet to give their decision.
Ministers head executive departments of the government.
Ministers host individual press interviews.
Ministers host individual press opportunities.
Ministers incorporate messages of healing in their church services.
Ministers insist there is no delay but the wrangling continues.
Ministers issue instruction.
Ministers just jabber away.
Ministers know examples.
Ministers like to help but they are driven by many conflicting pressures.
Ministers look positively high profile.
Ministers make a large number of appointments to regional and national bodies each year.
Ministers meet all sorts of people.
Ministers meet and discuss their work, with banal generalities about recent encouragements.
Ministers meet for a time of study, sharing and fellowship.
Ministers meet people at their most vulnerable.
Ministers meet together locally.
Ministers never have much money.
Ministers normally decide all matters within their responsibility.
Ministers now are sort of chairmen of the board of their department.
Ministers obtain wealth by means of kings.
Ministers openly take positions in diamond-mining joint ventures.
Ministers order red meat for anorexic girls.
Ministers ought to give counsel to the president.
Ministers owe allegiance first to their respective clans.
Ministers plan to identify and lock up social psychopaths but are vague on how to do it.
Ministers play an important role in the asking.
Ministers pontificate in response to inquiries nobody has put.
Ministers pray together.
Ministers preach equal parts tolerance and anger.
Ministers propose a series of tough new measures.
Ministers provide both spiritual and emotional counseling.
Ministers remain ever present in committees.
Ministers remit sins.
Ministers repeatedly try to sell a positive message on Europe.
Ministers report a renewed emphasis in their preaching against sin and compromise in their churches.
Ministers resign from governments all the time, often just before they re about to be dumped.
Ministers respond to criticism.
Ministers routinely call themselves and each other doctor, though many lack even an honorary degree.
Ministers routinely meet behind closed doors.
Ministers say it is establishing a principle.
Ministers Say PCBs To Be Phased Out In North America.
Ministers say that they have succeeded in attracting many new nurses to the profession.
Ministers say that they teach charity.
Ministers say the literacy hour is fully funded.
Ministers say they'll now appoint an outsider to review the project.
Ministers seek action plan for LDCs.
Ministers serve at the pleasure of the congregation.
Ministers serve their lords Children obey their guardians.
Ministers serving small congregations generally work personally with parishioners.
Ministers share both parliamentary time and the scarce financial resources of the budget.
Ministers still struggle with how to be big enough for the size of the liturgical situation.
Ministers stop bickering over gene files Bonn.
Ministers take advice from experts.
Ministers take concerns seriously.
Ministers take the decisions on whether to add new buildings of special architectural interest.
Ministers therefore have a very strong desire to enrich themselves quickly.
Ministers tighten law on sex offenders.
Ministers tithe to the district, because that is their authority of protection.
Ministers travel by public transport of all kinds on a regular basis on official visits.
Ministers travel to Sacramento from all parts of the world.
Ministers typically commit fewer sins than the average man or woman.
Ministers view the action for judicial review as no more than a publicity stunt.
Ministers often muse about where and to whom can they turn for advice and wisdom.
Ministers often overrule officials if there are wider considerations than just money.
Ministers often preach about the dangers of high-tech greed and materialism.
Ministers sometimes are full of themselves.
All Ministers are members.
All ministers are.
All Ministers have a key role in the budget process.
All ministers hold the Masters of Divinity degree from a fully accredited theological seminary.
Every minister can answer the argument of an opponent by attacking the character of the opponent.
Every minister gets money for the petrol they use at per km rate.
Every minister is called upon for a considerable amount of work on various committees of presbytery.
Every minister knows that the work is continuous.
Every minister says that they want their community flooded with the gospel message.
Many ministers are after gain.
Many ministers are hesitant to discuss their financial needs.
Many ministers are ill-prepared to lead a small rural or village church.
Many ministers are interested in writing their ideas and experiences for other believers.
Many ministers continue to report their income taxes as self-employed.
Many ministers don t officially charge a fee for their services, but accept gifts.
Many ministers make their parish calls by means of the bicycle.
Many ministers own one or more farms, either in whole or part.
Many ministers realize that.
Many ministers see themselves as the message, rather than being the messenger.
Many ministers serve more than one congregation.
Many ministers wince as they watch it.
Most ministers acknowledge circumstances.
Most ministers also head government ministries.
Most ministers appreciate a personal approach by relatives, and can be helpful in many ways.
Most ministers cite issues.
Most ministers come to churches.
Most ministers come to knowledge.
Most ministers elect the standard mileage rate.
Most ministers know examples.
Most ministers overpay their taxes, according to the author.
Most ministers respond to criticism.
Most ministers try to track a career that moves to ever-larger churches.
Some ministers admit villagers.
Some ministers also distribute the Holy Eucharist to the hospitalized and shut-in parishioners.
Some ministers also serve the sick and homebound of our community.
Some ministers are appointed by presidents.
Some ministers are enthusiastic.
Some ministers are nasty and homophobic, but they participate in the coalition with the left.
Some ministers are pastors - shepherds, leaders, mentors.
Some ministers are reluctant to speak about the tithe, Because they fear to appear money hungry.
Some ministers believe nothing except that nothing can be believed.
Some ministers challenge the intellect.
Some ministers die in crashes.
Some ministers die in plane crashes.
Some ministers die in small plane crashes.
Some ministers discuss circumstances.
Some ministers discuss own circumstances.
Some ministers feel stuck .
Some ministers know grandmas.
Some ministers lead meetings.
Some ministers lead prayer meetings.
Some ministers lose brothers.
Some ministers make references.
Some ministers make statements.
Some ministers move from post to post.
Some ministers perform services.
Some ministers sing or play instruments.
Some ministers still do.
Some ministers talk about a church as a family.
Some ministers validate themselves because of the huge crowds they attract.
Some ministers visit the homebound, nursing homes, and hospitals.
Some ministers wear a stole, a pectoral cross, and a clerical collar.
Some ministers work as counselors.
Some ministers work as employment counselors.
Some ministerial associations have lists.
Ministerial candidates can post their resume and search job openings.
Ministerial candidates integrate their academic program with a plethora of practicum experiences.
Any ministerial commentary is issued separately.
Ministerial departments employ public servants to undertake the day to day work of government.
Ministerial directions come in all shapes and sizes, and some are quite minor.
More Ministerial documents are available in the online documents database .
Ministerial duties are that which involve the execution of a specific duty.
Ministerial education is critically important to the church.
Ministerial generosity stems from ministerial unaccountability.
Ministerial inquiries re.
Most ministerial inquiries have public hearings.
Ministerial listing is renewed annually.
Ministerial meeting discuss the developments in the recent child adoption cases.
Ministerial meetings occur every two years.
Ministerial meetings take place annually and the chairmanship rotates among the members.
Ministerial orders have to be made to bring the various parts of the legislation into force.
Ministerial pragmatism is sad, but certain.
Ministerial recommendation is required.
Ministerial salaries are a different matter.
Most ministerial students enroll in the church planting course as well.
Ministerial study is a sine qua non of success.
Ministerial study is twofold special and general.
Ministerial visits are also frequent between the two countries.
Ministries are a mere click away.
Ministries are deductible as charitable contributions for federal income tax purposes.
Ministries are hard to sustain and momentum gained in the school year is lost.
Ministries are in a legal or constitutional sense indistinguishable from the state.
Ministries are tax deductible.
Ministries are tax-deductible.
Ministries are the front-line organizational structures for accomplishing our mission goals.
Ministries are usually subordinate to the cabinet , and prime minister , president or chancellor .
Ministries are usually subordinate to the cabinet, and prime minister, president or chancellor.
Ministries are wide reaching and multi-faceted.
Ministries can be very threatening to sick people.
Ministries can create as many groups as necessary.
Ministries can help.
Ministries can list current job openings and job hunters can post resumes.
Ministries change computer systems and software for a variety of reasons.
Ministries come in all sizes and with different goals and mission ideas.
Ministries continue to grow and expand both in Canada and around the world.
Ministries Find links, church directory, ministry directory and more.
Ministries Go into all the world and preach the good news to all creation.
Ministries has a growing product line to serve the needs of congregations and individuals.
Ministries has a heart for today's youth.
Ministries has an opening for the upcoming summer and fall terms.
Ministries has dynamic events geared toward men , couples and pastors .
Ministries has staff throughout the United States and around the world.
Ministries have different purposes.
Ministries have life cycles.
Ministries Help for parents and leaders in making Biblical decisions about entertainment.
Ministries helps parents raise godly children.
Ministries is a circle of leaders of women's organizations that meets twice a year.
Ministries is a non-profit ministry designed to assist the forgotten children around the globe.
Ministries is a non-profit organization and is operated by a volunteer board of directors.
Ministries is a non-profit organization.
Ministries is a tool to help fulfill biblical admonitions.
Ministries is all about reaching the unreached and telling the untold.
Ministries is interested in reaching people via the internet.
Ministries is strongly Christian evangelical with a major emphasis on prophecy.
Ministries Listen real audio messages in English and in Hindi.
Ministries make funding decisions in isolation from one another.
Ministries meet once a month.
Ministries offers a different approach to evangelization than most methods.
Ministries offers a variety of resources for small groups.
Ministries ought to be more mature and less fearful to take a look at where they are at.
Ministries play key roles in disseminating emissions data that are crucial inputs to global models.
Ministries provide involvement in church life and the community.
Ministries range from soup kitchens to shelters, and day-care centers to youth centers.
Ministries receive money.
Ministries receives no income from any church.
Ministries refer to the areas of service for that gift.
Ministries review their rules and regulations to do away with unnecessary procedures.
Ministries scratch where people itch, and they generate indigenous leaders and dollars.
Ministries start to grow.
Ministries supports spiritual leaders as they deal with both questions.
Ministries surface, fade away, and reappear.
Ministries wants to build a Bible school to train the uneducated church leaders.
Ministries Welcome to our homepage.
Ministry is a building
Ministry is buildings.
Ministry is employment.
Ministry is government departments.
Ministry is organizations.
Ministries often appoint one of their employees to represent a central agency.
All ministries are free of charge, most provide child care.
All ministries are open to both women and men.
All ministries are responsible for preparing draft budgets within their areas of respnsibility.
All ministries are strictly the responsibilities of the local church.
All ministries are ways to fully join in the life of the parish.
All ministries have regional offices.
All ministries listed here are independent of one another.
All ministries require five or more hours of service monthly.
All ministries take study, planning, and organization.
All ministry is entirely nonprofit, overseen by the board of directors.
All ministry is gift-based ministry.
All ministry is revived.
All ministry is service.
All ministry is supported by prayer.
All ministry is team-based ministry Life transformation happens best in small groups.
Any ministry has drop-outs.
Any ministry is only as good as the prayer support that is behind it.
Every ministry can use the program.
Every ministry has a quiet backbone.
Every ministry is important.
Every ministry is to be valued equally and none is esteemed above the other.
Every ministry requires a team effort and support.
Every ministry sending teams to the Olympics needs web support.
Many ministries compete with each other in attempts to outdistance the other.
Many ministries have volunteer opportunities specifically for the holidays.
Many ministries nationwide offer programs to help pastors.
Many Ministries now have an official nonprofit contact person.
Many ministries post statistical information about health and healthcare.
Many ministries sell products to raise much-needed funds.
Many ministries use our network.
More ministries appear inclined to accommodate than to protest too openly.
Most Ministries have to function with volunteers.
Most ministries have too much to do and too little time.
Some ministries are formal and some informal, some official and some unofficial.
Some ministries are simply concerned with appearance and nothing more.
Some ministries focus on educating the larger Catholic community about relevant issues.
Some ministries have differing financial requirements.
Some ministries have toll-free telephone lines that truckers can call for prayer or counseling.
Some ministries just dump all the new names into their regular monthly mailings to their supporters.
Some ministries require only the basic gift of time and a willingness to serve.
Some ministries send out petitions or surveys with virtually all of their letters.
Minitab commands are in boldface.
Minitab filenames are case sensitive with uppercase extensions.
Minitab work is organized in different windows.
Minitrack chair sends notice of accepted papers to authors.
A minium is oxide
Minium is more well known to the makers of pigments than it is to mineral collectors.
A minivan is a car
Most minivans require the user to unlatch and lift a heavy, bulky seat.
Some minivans are sluggish.
Mink frogs have diets.
Most mink frogs have diets.
Mink fur has quality.
Mink fur has superior quality.
Mink furs are duty free.
Most mink fur has quality.
Most mink fur has superior quality.
Mink hunting is inefficient and totally disrupts the countryside.
Mink oil is a byproduct of the fur and pet food industry.
Some mink oil contains acid.
Some mink oil has properties.
A mink is a carnivore
Mink are by nature semi-aquatic animals who can travel long distances each day.
Mink are common where abundant downfall and debris creates cover for foraging.
Mink are dark chocolate-brown.
Mink communicate using odors, visual signals, and sounds.
Mink depend heavily on aquatic areas.
Mink depend heavily on wetlands.
Mink have bullet heads, cartridge bodies, and smoky tails.
Mink have excellent senses of vision, smell, and hearing.
Mink have few natural enemies.
Mink inhabiting the prairie sloughs primarily target frogs , tadpoles , and mice .
Mink isa mammal.
Mink live in dens under tree roots, bridge crossings, and rock piles, and in holes in stream banks.
Mink maintain hunting territories by marking an area with a strong odor from their scent glands.
Mink molt twice a year.
Mink recalls being immediately intrigued by the prospect of such a major undertaking.
Mink run wild after attack on fur farm.
Mink start life hairless and helpless, but they learn to hunt within two months.
Mink tend to eat more fish in winter when fish are more accessible.
Mink turns out to be the favorite fur.
Minks are animals.
Minks are carnivorous animals.
Minks are carnivorous.
Minks are fur.
Minks are mammals.
Minks are nocturnal creatures, so the best time to check for their capture is in the morning.
Minks are people.
Minks are polygamous, and courtship is aggressive and sometimes vicious.
Minks are protected in most states and can only be caught during the designated seasons.
Minks are small, short-legged members of the weasel family.
Minks are solitary, territorial animals and are intolerant of other minks.
Minks are truly carnivores.
Minks are very interesting creatures.
Minks can cause heavy mortality among juvenile muskrats.
Minks depend on aquatic habitat.
Minks develop glands.
Minks differ from other animals in that the actual act of mating is what initiates ovulation.
Minks eat fish.
Minks feed on voles.
Minks grow on farms.
Minks have (part) brains.
Minks have (part) breasts.
Minks have (part) cell membranes.
Minks have (part) cells.
Minks have (part) chest cavities.
Minks have (part) chests.
Minks have (part) corpi.
Minks have (part) cytoplasm.
Minks have (part) ears.
Minks have (part) faces.
Minks have (part) heads.
Minks have (part) nuclei.
Minks have (part) pedal extremities.
Minks have (part) piluses.
Minks have (part) plasma membranes.
Minks have (part) rib cages.
Minks have (part) sections.
Minks have (part) skulls.
Minks have (part) sterna.
Minks have (part) vacuoles.
Minks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Minks have a very strong sense of smell.
Minks have excellent hearing and sight, and a good sense of smell.
Minks have experience.
Minks have eyes.
Minks have forceful personalities but are powerful allies in gaining good fortune.
Minks have hand experience.
Minks have long tails.
Minks have many different personality traits, habits, and capabitilites.
Minks have noses.
Minks have tails.
Minks have teeth.
Minks have very unique physical features.
Minks have whiskers, but they are difficult to see.
Minks live for periods.
Minks live in North America.
Minks live longer on fur farms than they do in the wild.
Minks occasionally are prey for owls, bobcats, foxes, and domestic dogs.
Minks occasionally kill more than they can eat.
Minks pose problems.
Minks prefer to tackle young or sick 'rats, because a mature adult puts up a brisk defense.
Minks prey on many different animals that live near the water.
Minks reach maturity.
Minks reach sexual maturity.
Minks receive diets.
Minks travel more than most furbearers, covering up to ten miles a night.
Minks always have a white spot ont heir chest and under their chin.
Minks frequently carry or drag prey to their dens before consuming it.
Most minks develop glands.
Most minks eat fish.
Most minks feed on voles.
Most minks grow on farms.
Most minks have experience.
Most minks have eyes.
Most minks have hand experience.
Most minks have long tails.
Most minks have noses.
Most minks have teeth.
Most minks live for periods.
Most minks reach maturity.
Most minks reach sexual maturity.
Most minks receive diets.
Some minks avoid contact.
Some minks belong to families.
Some minks can have impact.
Some minks can have large impact.
Some minks can have serious impact.
Some minks cause damage.
Some minks cause significant damage.
Some minks die of diseases.
Some minks dig own burrows.
Some minks eat frogs.
Some minks eat mice.
Some minks emerge from dens.
Some minks escape from farms.
Some minks escape from fur farms.
Some minks establish dens.
Some minks excavate own burrows.
Some minks feed diets.
Some minks feed experimental diets.
Some minks have cousins.
Some minks have distribution.
Some minks have enemies.
Some minks have european cousins.
Some minks have few natural enemies.
Some minks have natural enemies.
Some minks have short legs.
Some minks kill birds.
Some minks kill food.
Some minks kill prey.
Some minks kill turkeys.
Some minks occupy ranges.
Some minks prefer water.
Some minks remain in dens.
Some minks survive years.
Minkowski operators consist of a type of addition and a type of subtraction.
Minneapolis nights sparkle.
Minneapolis police have no suspects in either theft.
Minneapolis police have no suspects in the robbery.
Minneapolis police say they receive an average of two reports a week of similar incidents.
Minneapolis rivers are popular too.
Minneapolis winters are longer and colder.
Minnesota zoos support conservation.
Minnesota is part of America.
Minnesota isa thing.
Minnetonka soils have thinner mollic epipedons and have a wetter soil moisture control section.
Minnewaukan students gather around the tree, a green ash.
Minnow control is an important aspect of float fishing.
Minnow plugs are good here, as are shallow-running crankbaits and lipless crankbaits.
Minnow plugs can work especially well after stocking has occurred.
Minnow species are notorious for being difficult to identify.
Minnow traps are another great way to catch crayfish.
Minnow traps are great devices for catching small animals in wetlands.
Minnow is a bony fish
Minnow is fish.
Minnows also have scaleless heads.
Minnows are a good bait, and so are plastic worms and flukes.
Minnows are a good choice for bigger trout.
Minnows are a productive bait for big bass, and so are plastic lures.
Minnows are a reliable year-round bait.
Minnows are also a good choice, as well as, corn, cheese and macroinvertebrates.
Minnows are also tough to keep alive during the summer.
Minnows are available all summer.
Minnows are best.
Minnows are excellent mosquito larva eaters.
Minnows are extremely adaptable and thrive in many different habitats.
Minnows are good-sized food for young, which also eat insects occasionally.
Minnows are great fish-getters.
Minnows are important food items for other fish species in most of the state's waters.
Minnows are interesting creatures to observe.
Minnows are it s favorite food to eat.
Minnows are number one.
Minnows are often best in spring and fall with larger ones the choice later in the calendar.
Minnows are polyandrous and true cuckoos are the same, the female doing all the courting.
Minnows are preferred bait for walleye.
Minnows are probably the most misunderstood of all fishes.
Minnows are productive.
Minnows are small fish that can be seen darting around in streams that are only a few feet wide.
Minnows are small.
Minnows are the bait of choice.
Minnows are the best bait for shoreline-oriented fish.
Minnows are the best bait.
Minnows are the best baits to use for smallmouth and walleye.
Minnows are the best bet.
Minnows are the most abundant of British freshwater fishes.
Minnows are the preferred live bait.
Minnows become nocturnal at low temperatures.
Minnows belong to a group of fish that has the most diversity of any group of vertebrates.
Minnows can acclimate to total residual chlorine.
Minnows come by spontaneous generation.
Minnows dart through the shallows.
Minnows die when concrete hardens.
Minnows enter from both ends.
Minnows have a clever survival strategy.
Minnows move quickly to escape their attacker so strip retrieves are the way to go.
Minnows replace crabs as the best live bait, and shallow-running crankbaits replace the deep divers.
Minnows seem to be the best bait.
Minnows seem to produce the best along the drops in the bays.
Minnows seem to work best in spring and fall.
Minnows work .
Minnows work best but jigs and pieces of nightcrawlers are also effective.
Minnows work well in spring and fall, but there are better choices during the summer.
Minnows work well with slip bobber.
Many minnows reproduce in groups.
Minoan architecture is less massive and more open.
Minoan art is entirely different from that of any other culture.
Minoan traders are wily businessmen and they have almost no competition, accept among themselves.
Minor abnormalities are common.
Minor accidents can become major accidents.
Minor accidents cause little damage and major accidents are less often fatal.
All minor accidents are to be investigated by supervisors.
Minor accomplishments follow later.
Minor accumulation can occur, leaving ill-equipped residents at a standstill.
Minor achievements become major accomplishments.
Minor achievements deserve a special treat as much as major ones.
Minor acreage is cultivated to small grains, grain sorghum, or tame pasture.
Minor acreage is cultivated to small grains, soybeans, grain sorghum, or tame pasture.
Minor acreage is in grass.
Minor activities continue including well abandonment and improvements to existing systems.
Minor adaptations are acceptable.
Minor adjustments are sometimes necessary after shipping.
Minor adjustments can make a big difference.
Minor adjustments permit continuation of elective classes and extracurricular activities.
Some minor adjustments are therefore necessary once satellites are being observed.
Minor age soiling from dust, minor surface wear to red silkscreening.
Minor age wear to the brass ring along the bottom base, but no chips or damage of any kind.
Some minor age wear.
Minor alarms affect a single or small number of subscribers who connect to the reporting node.
Minor alarms can foretell larger failures in the future and as such are important to know about.
Minor alarms remain lit until cleared with the history button.
Minor alterations are usual during the process of carving.
Minor analgesics are important in chronic pain.
Minor appearance fixes to the preferences window.
Minor areas are in hardwood forest of water oak, willow oak and sweetgum.
Any minor argument is likely to flare up into a huge one.
Minor arts are more difficult to learn by cross-focus disciples, but it is possible.
Minor assembly is required and can be done with a screwdriver, wrench and pliers.
Minor assembly is required on the pedals, handlebars, seat and front wheel.
Minor assembly is required on the pedals, seat, handlebars and front wheel.
Minor assembly is required.
Some minor assembly is required.
Minor assignments are available on the class web page.
Minor assignments consist of one or two sentences.
Minor assignments receive check, check plus or check minus and are balanced into the final grade.
Some minor associations let all the children play all positions as well as goal.
Minor body wear middle upper back, left side and left heel.
Minor branches correspond to more detailed causal factors.
Minor brawls happen.
Minor bug fixes .
Minor bug fixes here and there.
Minor bug fixes in the code and documentation for csokoban.
Minor bug fixes only.
Minor bug fixes throughout.
Minor bug fixes to bridge engine.
Minor bug fixes to do with the high scores, playback and taking over.
Minor bug fixes to optimize code.
Minor bug fixes with the mounting features.
Minor bug fixes.
Minor bugs fix.
Minor bugs fixes too numerous to mention here.
More minor bug fixes in how netCDF files are interpreted.
Some minor bug fixes as well.
Some minor bug fixes in output formatting.
Some minor bugs fixes.
Minor burns Stop the source of the burn.
Minor cases abbreviate excessively.
Minor cell changes unlikely to progress to cancer.
Minor change can make a big difference.
Minor changes are always free of charge.
Minor changes are likely, but no major ones.
Minor changes are likely.
Minor changes are okay.
Minor changes can help.
Minor Changes Can now print messages from the message or draft windows.
Minor changes have little effect.
Minor changes involve a word here and there.
Minor changes reflecting new interests on the part of the student are always possible.
Minor changes result from the new station coordinates and traveltime corrections.
Minor changes streamline the process and new people are involved, but the core idea remains.
Minor characters are an important part of the Mitford books.
Minor characters are often as interesting as major characters.
Minor characters die more often .
Minor characters die more often.
Minor characters receive as much description as major ones.
Every minor character has a story, every picture tells a million tales.
Some minor characters smoke.
Minor children are no exception.
Minor children are the sole responsibility of their parents.
Minor children become wards of the state until guardians and trustees are appointed.
Minor children can have stock and family members can easily transfer stock among themselves.
Minor children have a cause of action for loss of parental consortium due to another's negligence.
Minor children have parents.
Minor children pose special consideration.
Most minor children have parents.
Minor claims are best again.
Minor claims are best.
Most minor claims take three or more years to resolve.
Some minor cleanup is needed.
Minor cloth wear, some discolor at spine and covers.
Some minor cloth wear.
Minor code changes in one batch program.
Minor code clean up.
Minor code fixes to antenna flagging.
Minor code fixes.
Minor collections occur relatively frequently but are very fast.
Minor collectors Serve smaller places and towns and connect locally important traffic generators.
Minor collisions happen all the time.
Minor color rings around the eyes and small masks are acceptable.
Minor combat occurs between adjacent enemy units.
Some minor components are also present.
All minor concentrations require a grade of 'C' or better in every economics course.
Minor concussions are very hard to diagnose and often go unreported and undetected.
Minor contamination can cause tool misalignment, out of balance, tool slip and poor quality cuts.
Minor contours show elevation between index contours.
Minor corruption is visible in a Windows application.
Minor coursework is determined by the offering department.
Minor crime is prevalent in cities, especially in the vicinity of hotels and airports.
Minor crimes are often punishable on the streets.
Minor crimes can lead to major facilitation forfeitures.
Minor crops are high value fruits, vegetables and nursery plants.
Minor crops have a major impact on U.S. agriculture.
Minor damage is caused.
Minor damage is handled by powerful digital error-correction circuitry.
Minor damage is usually the loss of one or two serial ports.
Minor damages begin.
Some minor damage is reparable by library staff.
Minor deficiencies remain.
Some minor deficiencies cause cessations.
Minor delays are possible.
Minor dents are common place and most saxophone repairs require some dent removal.
Minor dents bounce back.
Some minor departments require that a representative from their department serve on the committee.
Minor depression can be episodic but tends to be more chronic.
Minor depression has the same causes and treatment as major depression.
Minor depression occurs in episodes with fewer symptoms and less impairment than major depression.
Minor depression occurs later in life and is often linked with medical illness.
Minor descriptors are secondary topics.
Minor details appear to be the problem.
Minor details are harder to confirm.
Minor details are just in the mechanics of getting the story down in print.
Minor details Let's talk center fielders.
Some minor details look a little better when viewed in Netscape Navigator.
Minor deviations are acceptable.
Minor deviations are OK but there are lots of other lists out there for discussions on other topics.
Minor devices are only necessary if there are multiple minor devices for a major device.
Minor devils are larger and more deadly than demons.
Minor differences are in the opening titles and a couple of the intertitles.
Minor differences arise between individuals in a species through natural processes of mutation.
Minor differences exist in the two courts.
Any minor differences are legally insignificant.
Some minor differences are likely to appear.
Some minor differences lead to separation.
Minor dirt marks with one nick of paper small and one small oil spot.
Minor disadvantage is that special edging is required to keep out birds, squirrels, etc.
Minor disasters happen every day.
Minor discharges continue.
Some minor discomforts go away once the muscles warm up.
Minor discrepancies are due to rounding.
Any minor dissent is treason deserving of the ultimate penalty.
Minor disturbances can easily dislodge the root from the mold.
Minor dynamics continue within the trailing portion of the region.
Minor earthquakes occur every day and hour.
Minor earthwork is required to facilitate drainage.
Minor edge creases with a couple of tiny holes on cover.
Minor edge wear on cover.
Some minor edge wear to dust jacket.
Minor elements are critical for citrus health.
Minor emergencies are welcome.
Minor emphasis is on audiovbisual materials and microcomputer disks.
Minor emphasis is on audiovisual materials and microcomputer disks.
Minor emphasis is placed on quizzes and library assignments.
Minor employment keeps expanding at the previous pace.
Minor enamel wear.
Minor enhancements are any other transit enhancement projects.
Minor equipment excludes any property listed on the capitalized equipment inventory.
Minor errors are evident.
Minor errors arise from non-reporting, but amount to less than one percent of all passenger miles.
Minor errors can result in vast reductions in profit.
Minor errors occur but the writing is clear.
More minor errors are incorrect page citations in the Table of Contents for pp.
Minor eruptions are frequent and lava flow has been observed in recent years.
Minor eruptions can occur an hour or two after the major eruption.
Minor eruptions occur after shorter intervals.
Some minor events have only a single turn, and the winner is the player with the highest percentage.
Minor factions are difficult to keep up with because they come and go.
Minor faults are in general primarily faults of detail.
Minor faults occur through the cores to the base of the section.
Minor feature added to socket command so they handle errors during async connections.
Minor features provide evidence.
Many minor features help to make it as car-like and convenient as possible.
Most minor features provide evidence.
Minor fees apply to wire transfer.
Some minor fields require a written comprehensive examination.
Minor fills add no more than four inches of fill.
Minor flares are usually ok.
Minor flares occur regularly on the Sun and give rise to auroras when they reach the Earth.
Some minor flare ups years ago.
Minor flaws suggest neglect to the prospect.
Every minor flaw gets magnified and many even develop a complex about it.
Minor flooding begins.
Minor flooding continues along many stretches of the Lower Ohio River.
Minor flooding continues along other rivers in the Carolinas.
Minor flooding continues along portions of the Roseau River where channel ice is still in place.
Minor flooding continues along several areas, particularly in Illinois and Missouri.
Minor flooding continues along several points on the river.
Minor flooding continues along some rivers in Arkansas, Minnesota and North Dakota.
Minor flooding continues along the lower Ouachita River in south Arkansas.
Minor flooding continues along the river from Iowa to Missouri.
Minor flooding continues along the river from Nebraska to Missouri.
Minor flooding continues along the river, mainly at several locations in Missouri.
Minor flooding continues at several locations along the Ohio River.
Minor flooding continues at some locations along the Lower Ohio River.
Minor flooding continues from Natchez, Mississippi, to Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
Minor flooding continues in some areas along the Mississippi River.
Minor flooding continues on the Huron river near Hamburg.
Minor flooding is forecast.
Minor flooding is forecasted.
Minor flooding is limited to only a few rivers in Texas and Arkansas.
Minor flooding means minimal or no property damage, but possibly some public inconvenience.
Some minor flooding continues along the river, particularly in Nebraska.
Some minor flooding continues at several locations in Kansas and Missouri.
Some minor flooding continues in Kansas and Missouri.
Some minor flooding continues in Missouri.
Minor forgetfulness is part of being human.
Minor forms are available in departmental offices.
Minor format changes to the site.
Every minor frame is associated with a queue of processes to be run within that frame.
Minor functions are rotary in nature.
Minor funding comes from various other sources.
Minor furniture is rendered major, associated with the exterior.
Minor gallery tweaks to include location under peoples photos.
Minor glaze scratches.
Minor graphics fixes.
Minor grooming is permissable.
Minor histocompatibility antigens stimulate chronic, slow, less intense reactions.
Minor histocompatibility antigens.
Minor hockey is for children.
Minor hockey owes the child a chance to achieve the goal and also enjoy playing a game.
Minor improvements are likely to occur regularly.
Minor improvements are such things as wells and septic systems.
Minor improvements can change cultural attitudes and set the stage for later advances down the road.
Some minor improvements can greatly improve accessibility.
Minor impurities can have dynamic effects.
Minor impurities can have effects.
Most minor impurities can have dynamic effects.
Most minor impurities can have effects.
Minor incidents can be the predecessor of juvenile delinquency.
Minor incidents escalate into big battles.
Minor incidents happen almost daily, usually from pyramid marketing schemes or chain letters.
Minor incidents occur that the woman tries to deny or minimize, sometimes by accepting blame.
Every minor incident is a crisis of earth-shattering proportions.
Minor infection is common and largely unrecognised.
Minor infection is the second most common problem.
Minor infections cause little harm to the seedling.
Minor infections cause little harm, but midsummer defoliation can occur when infections are severe.
Minor infractions result in probation and alcohol education programs.
Minor injuries are a possibility.
Minor injuries are common.
Minor injuries are inevitable.
Minor injuries are less expesive to treat than major ones.
Minor injuries are part of exploring the world.
Minor injuries can cause lots of bleeding here because of the rich blood supply.
Minor injuries can quickly become infected and, if left untreated, can lead to amputation.
Minor injuries cause pain.
Minor injuries consist of renal contusions or shallow cortical lacerations.
Minor injuries require special treatments.
Minor injuries require treatments.
Minor injury helps spread the virus, especially into the skin.
Most minor injuries cause pain.
Most minor injuries heal on their own.
Most minor injuries require special treatments.
Most minor injuries require treatments.
Some minor injuries are caused by grass seeds.
Some minor injuries are caused by seeds.
Minor interests consist of women's health, gastroenterology, and chronic pain.
Minor interface refinements.
Minor interface tweaks to clean and speed it up.
Many minor interventions happen in hospitals because it's easy and available.
Minor irritations can provoke rage.
Minor issues become major.
Minor issues continue to be discovered and resolved.
Minor items remain.
Every minor job is a further commitment toward the major goal.
Some minor jobs are a photographer, a writer, a high school teacher, and a few others.
Minor lacerations make up the largest number of hand injuries.
Most minor lacerations have minimal bleeding, minimal pain and no numbness or tingling at the site.
Minor lateness does less harm than an absence.
Minor leaf veins without phloem transfer cells.
A minor league is a league
Minor leagues are in trouble.
Minor leagues are more affordable, causing the common fan to turn away from major league sports.
Minor lights are red, green, or white.
Some minor limitations do exist on the freedom of persons to exercise their beliefs fully.
Minor lint fixes.
Minor lithologies are rare.
Minor lithologies vary with depth and include ash layers, turbidites, and green clay layers.
Minor maintenance ends up being major repair or replacement expenditures.
Minor maintenance is permitted.
Minor markets are in France, Denmark, Italy and Portugal.
Minor mat burn in wide margins with a couple of repaired tears.
Minor medications are free.
Minor mention is made of more than two variable functions.
Minor mergers induce star formation in the larger galaxy, and usually canibalize the smaller galaxy.
Minor millets account for less than one percent of the foodgrains produced in the world today.
Minor misbehavior is dealt with in a fair manner by the teacher in the classroom.
Minor mistakes can cause big headaches.
Minor mistakes can lead to findings and fines, and sometimes lawsuits and shutdowns.
Minor mistakes can result in long delays, or worse.
A minor mode is a key
Minor modes bubble up the surface.
Minor modes can also have local keymaps.
All minor modes are independent of each other and the selected major mode.
Many minor modes can be active at a given time.
Many minor modes can be active at the same time.
Minor modifications are likely.
Minor modifications are more than changes in style and less than major changes in the thesis.
Minor modifications are possible until that time.
Minor modifications can make it blindingly so.
Minor modifications can require extensive re-writing.
Minor music is minor music.
Minor nature goddesses.
Minor numbers are identical for both types of serial devices.
Minor numbers are identical for both types.
Minor nutrients include vitamins.
Most minor offenders walk away with a small fine.
Minor oil is derived from seed like mango kernel, mahua, dhupa, neem, kusum karanja, thumba etc.
Minor olivine is present.
Minor ones have short timed lights.
Minor output fixes.
Minor oversights abound.
Minor oxidation is visible in some areas.
Minor pain can eventually lead to something more serious and chronic.
Minor pain is a relative term.
Minor paint wear on a few charms, but otherwise excellent.
Minor paint wear on figure.
Minor paint wear on helmit.
Minor paint wear to edge of tongue and eyebrow.
Minor paint wear to tip of nose.
Some minor painting remains to be done.
Minor parents have the same rights and responsibilities as adult parents.
Minor part is exhibition collection.
Minor parties are exempt from the donation controls relating to registered political parties.
Minor parties have a tough time recruiting and financing high-quality candidates.
Minor pen scratches to pictorial cover.
Minor penalties carry a penalty of two minutes.
Some minor pencil marks front and back.
Minor periods are times with brief activity between the major times.
Minor pests are grape root borers and European red mite.
Minor phyla have larvae.
Most minor phyla have larvae.
A minor planet is a heavenly body
Minor planet is near center of images.
Minor planets ephemerides improvement.
Minor ports are also available along the river.
Minor portability fixes in several other libraries.
Minor pressure is applied to seat the well firmly in the bottom of the hole.
Minor problems are conditions which are a nuisance to the quality of the residential premises.
Minor problems are to be solved by the teacher.
Minor problems do appear throughout the game.
Minor problems exist, but in no way ruin the experience.
Minor problems pop up in all walks of life all the time.
Some minor problems exist, but much effort and care has been taken by the student.
Some minor problems remain with some of the accents.
Minor procedures are more simple experimental techniques and demonstrations.
Minor processing is ignored.
Minor profanity is present along with a few colorful phrases.
Minor programs are also available in both communication studies and theatre.
Minor programs are available for doctoral students.
Minor programs are available in art.
Minor programs are available in French and Spanish.
Minor programs are available in most departments.
Minor programs are available in the fields listed below.
Minor programs are available.
Minor programs consist of five to seven subjects, generally six.
Minor progressions move along at a faster rate than tertiary progressions.
Some minor projects are exempt from the permit requirement.
Minor publications come from Germany, France, Japan, India and Russia.
Minor quakes leave offices able to operate normally upon completion of safety checks.
Minor questions open the door to new questions.
Minor reasons are fear, cost, and difficulty of access.
Minor recommendations involve signal changes and installing pedestrian crossings.
Minor redness is experienced immediately post-treatment, but subsides within a few hours.
Some minor reflections give the project an air of reality.
Minor releases are cumulative and include the contents of previously released updates.
Minor releases are generally maintenance release within a major release.
All minor releases are available free of charge electronically.
Minor relief is evident.
Minor repairs are easier and less expensive to fix.
Minor repairs are no longer effective.
Minor repairs are possible, but the club is short on storage space.
Minor repairs can make major differences.
Minor repairs exclude any street curb cut work.
Minor requests require less lead time.
Minor requirements are sixteen hours of chemistry.
Minor requirements combine easily with many majors, each complementing the other.
Minor requirements includethree lower and five upper division courses.
Minor revisions can appear anytime.
Minor rotations are optional and are tailored to meet the individual intern's needs.
Minor routes bear the prefix 'N'.
A minor scale is musical notation
Minor scales are also popular and essential in Jazz.
Minor scales are modes.
Minor scales are more introspective and mysterious.
Minor scales are scales.
Minor scales are the same as the relative major scales, except that they start on a different note.
Minor scrape is from actual use.
Minor scratches turn into life threatening infections.
All minor sequences consist of twenty-one credit hours.
Minor series have less information.
Minor setbacks are a timid grillmaster and overcooked rice.
Minor setbacks can unnecessarily spoil a day.
Any minor setback sets off a crise de nerfs, a fit of the vapours turning any mishap into a crisis.
Some minor setbacks are likely to slow the progress during the third and fourth years.
Minor shares rise abruptly, keep doubling.
Minor shocks occur much more frequently.
Minor skin injuries require special treatments.
Minor skin injuries require treatments.
Minor soccer continues to grow.
Minor soccer has some special rules.
Minor spoilers follow.
Minor sports are racquetball, tennis, golf and bowling.
Minor squabbles can turn into arguments through nothing more than sheer pigheadedness.
Many minor stresses add up.
Minor students choose three classes.
Minor students create portfolios of their leadership assessments and accomplishments.
Minor studies cover computing mathematics.
Minor studies involve computing mathematics.
Minor study includes seminars and recital participation and attendance only.
Minor study is offered in performance, music history , church music, and jazz studies.
Minor style tweaks.
Minor subjects are e.g. education, special education, sociology, philosophy and social policy.
Minor suggestions become scathing criticism.
Minor sunburn is a first-degree burn that turns the skin pink or red.
Minor sunburn is a first-degree burn which turns the skin pink or red.
Minor sunburn turns the skin pink or red.
Minor support is defined as the general price area of the peak in the last rally.
Minor surface blems.
Minor surface scratches on case itself.
Minor surface scratches to metal.
Minor surface scratches.
Minor surface wear.
Minor surgery can fix both.
Minor surgery can remove small areas where cells are abnormal.
Minor surgery is an operation
Minor surgery is needed for both procedures.
Minor surgery is operations.
Minor surgery is performed and routine laboratory procedures can be completed on site.
Minor surgery is performed to join an artery to a vein under the skin to make a larger vessel.
Minor surgery is required to insert or remove capsules.
Minor surgery is the only effective way to remove a mole.
Minor surgery is the usual method of treatment.
Minor surgery is what other people have.
Minor surgical procedures require expertise.
Minor surveys offer a full blood count and differential.
Minor tasks remain such as curbing, hazmat shed pads, and finish work for surfaces.
Minor tasks remain, such as moving telephone wires and installing light fixtures.
Minor temples are hard to find.
Minor testing shows no operational problems.
Minor things become great mountains.
Minor things can become moments of great revelation when encountered for the first time.
Minor thirds are a bit of a stretch in a bass side voicing.
Minor totals are to be printed for each class of customer, reflecting the total room rental revenue.
Minor tranquilizer is tranquilizer
Minor tranquilizers are depressant drugs.
Minor tranquilizers relax the muscles.
A minor tranquilliser is tranquilizer
Minor tranquillisers are currently one of the most commonly prescribed drugs in Australia.
Minor trauma can lead to extensive bruising.
Minor trauma induces ecchymoses, usually on the dorsum of the hands and forearms.
Minor travel is required.
Minor tremors are more likely than a severe earthquake.
Minor tremors can happen without warning.
Minor tremors occur frequently and there is a possibility of a major one in the near future.
Minor trends are short-term movements lasting from one day to three weeks.
Minor trimming is needed for shifters and the gas tank switch.
Minor typo fixes in templates, some internal code restructuring.
Minor typos appear here and there.
Minor undercuts are possible with no draft angles required.
Minor undulations are normal for the skull.
Minor updates are free.
Minor updates brings new grille, new aluminum wheels, instrument panel and keyless entry system.
Minor updates continue to be done on a regular basis.
Minor updates occur weekly, such as additional links, traders, and stadium information.
All minor updates are free to registered users.
Minor upgrades are bug fixes and minor feature enhancements.
Minor upgrades are free and can be downloaded from the users' page .
Minor upgrades are free if downloaded from our web site.
Minor upgrades are free, major upgrades cost less than initial purchase.
All minor upgrades are free.
Some minor uses are in lasers, semiconductor devices, and phosphorous in colour television tubes.
Many minor utilities are also available.
Minor variants exist of the basic design of recovery vehicle.
Minor variations are acceptable.
Minor variations develop where lava enters the sea.
Minor variations exist from brooch to brooch since they are hand-painted.
Minor variations occur, so it is critical to read the state laws applicable to the case at hand.
Some minor variation includes amino acid deletions.
Some minor variation includes deletions.
Some minor variations are possible, depending upon just where the blocks are attached.
Some minor varieties are quite rare but low demand makes most reasonably priced.
Minor vendors complicit in harm fall into the conscience clause .
Minor versions are usually free upgrades and work with the same password.
Minor violations are subject to large fines.
Minor walkways utilize the same standard.
Minor website changes including a 'Tell a Friend' link on the main page.
Minor wives have a really good life.
Minor work is needed on the bronze state seal, repointing of bedding joints.
Minor work is offered for students with majors in other departments.
Minor work is offered to students taking major work in other departments.
Minor workers tend to the young and maintain the nest.
A minor is a person
Minors accompanied by a parent or guardian are eligible.
Minors also are available in each area.
Minors also risk indefinite detention in juvenile facilities.
Minors also warrant special protection from society.
Minors are absolutely forbidden.
Minors are also available in all three areas of study.
Minors are also available in both areas.
Minors are also available in both fields.
Minors are also available in both tracks.
Minors are also available in classical studies, women's studies, air force studies, and Russian.
Minors are also available in many fields.
Minors are also available in most fields.
Minors are also available in most of the areas listed above.
Minors are also available in other programs, like ag business and entomology.
Minors are also available in political science and sociology.
Minors are also available in sociology and political science.
Minors are also available.
Minors are also eligible to receive a library card.
Minors are also great add-ons to other majors as well.
Minors are also subject to additional requirements .
Minors are an easy way to utilize elective hours and strengthen employment opportunities.
Minors are automatically detected and items can be restricted from minors.
Minors are available emphasizing watershed management.
Minors are available emphasizing wildlife and fisheries science.
Minors are available for all three, and are open to all Western Michigan students.
Minors are available in a large number of disciplines as well as several interdisciplinary programs.
Minors are available in accounting and business administration.
Minors are available in all the programs listed above.
Minors are available in biology, general science, mathematics, and chemistry.
Minors are available in both degree programs.
Minors are available in both programs.
Minors are available in both social work and sociology.
Minors are available in both.
Minors are available in business, management, and marketing.
Minors are available in ceramics, crafts, painting, printmaking and sculpture.
Minors are available in cognate fields.
Minors are available in computer science and statistics.
Minors are available in creative writing and writing.
Minors are available in dance and drama.
Minors are available in economics, international business, marketing, and human resource management.
Minors are available in English or journalism.
Minors are available in finance, general business, insurance, law, and real estate.
Minors are available in French, German and Spanish.
Minors are available in French, German, Italian, Latin, Russian, and Spanish.
Minors are available in general business, insurance, real estate, and legal studies.
Minors are available in history, psychology, sociology and economics.
Minors are available in journalism or in any of the four major areas.
Minors are available in many areas and are required in certain programs.
Minors are available in many of the majors listed.
Minors are available in music, musical theatre, speech, and theatre.
Minors are available in psychology or sociology.
Minors are available in psychology, mental health, and organizational psychology.
Minors are available in several areas.
Minors are available in several programs.
Minors are available in six subfields designed to complement study in other majors.
Minors are available in sociology and criminology.
Minors are available in speech communication.
Minors are available in teaching and management.
Minors are available in theatre and musical theatre.
Minors are available in watershed management, range management, and wildlife and fisheries science.
Minors are available on the Undergraduate Plan of Study.
Minors are available only to undergraduate students.
Minors are available through a number of different departments on campus.
Minors are available.
Minors are coherent courses of study, usually involving far fewer courses than a major.
Minors are determined in consultation with the students' advisors.
Minors are encourage to take it as well.
Minors are exempt from maintenance fee and minimum balance to open requirements upon request.
Minors are one and two point shows.
Minors are only able to convince to a point.
Minors are optional but, if selected, require a minimum of nine credit hours.
Minors are optional, academically approved and officially recognized secondary specializations.
Minors are optional.
Minors are persons under eighteen years of age.
Minors are possible and encouraged.
Minors are possible in Chinese, French, German, Japanese, Russian, and Spanish.
Minors are possible in French, German, Japanese, Russian, and Spanish.
Minors are responsible for the reasonable value of necessities.
Minors are responsible for the repayment of their court ordered obligations.
Minors are to be completed at the same time as the student s primary major.
Minors are to be completed at the same time as the student's primary major.
Minors are to be supervised by their parents.
Minors are to get the consent of parents or guardians prior to marriage.
Minors are to participate for a total of four semesters.
Minors are undecided, but studying spanish and sociology.
Minors are under development by other area centers and programs.
Minors are usually optional.
Minors are welcome when eating.
Minors are welcome.
Minors arrested in Mexico often serve a year in juvenile detention.
Minors can also apply for an individual passport.
Minors can also can be a wonderful complement to an academic major and reflect a personal interest.
Minors can also consent to labor and delivery services.
Minors can become intimidated if two adults are present during the interview.
Minors can benefit greatly from the same period of study abroad.
Minors can borrow books providing they present an identity card and are accompanied by a parent.
Minors can buy cannabis as easily as adults on the uncontrolled black market.
Minors can have IRAs managed by a parent as long as the child has earned income.
Minors can only enter with their original birth certificate.
Minors can only go with majors.
Minors can receive services and supplies without parental consent.
Minors can visit and view our other web pages.
Minors choose at least three additional hours in philosophy.
Minors come from many different areas of study.
Minors complete a service learning project.
Minors consist of six courses and are supervised by one faculty adviser.
Minors derive residence from their parents.
Minors deserve a response to their grievance.
Minors face being charged with a misdemeanor if found with any alcohol in their system.
Minors follow either a consulting or an entrepreneurship sequence.
Minors generally require about half the credit hours required for a major.
Minors give students an incentive to use their distribution requirements in a positive way.
Minors have a constitutional right to unimpeded access to attorneys and legal representation.
Minors have a special section where they can sit and read the walls.
Minors have access to full health-care facilities.
Minors have an overnight adventure on either Skull Island or the campground.
Minors have freedom of religion too.
Minors have no rights.
Minors have the same rights as any other customer in regards to returning an item at a store.
Minors have to obtain special certificates that state certain restrictions according to age.
Minors hold more weight in the real world.
Minors includes courses in nutrition, management and disease management.
Minors involve one department, one area of study.
Minors is even more competitive.
Minors lack the legal capacity to execute the release.
Minors leave here .
Minors like to share in the fun with friends.
Minors living in a group home can qualify as separate food stamp households.
Minors provide contrasting and parallel study to the major.
Minors receive one credit for one hour lesson per week.
Minors represent significant coursework completed in an area related to the student's speciality.
Minors require about one-half as many credit hours as a major.
Minors require additional attention simply by virtue of their age.
Minors require at least twelve semester hours for completion.
Minors require fewer credit hours to complete than majors.
Minors require parental consent.
Minors require parental or legal guardian permission for admission.
Minors risk indefinite detention in juvenile facilities.
Minors take one quarter and write a shorter essay.
Minors tend to be more prone to suicide than adults.
Minors thus range from scientific writing to language studies to gender studies.
Minors traveling alone or with only one parent require notarized letter from other parent.
Minors traveling without parents require additional documentation besides passport.
Minors traveling without their parents require additional documentation besides a passport.
Minors vary from five to nine required courses.
Minors welcome in tasting room when eating.
Minors frequently complain of being cold during the night.
Minors often complement a given major, and generally vary from fifteen to twenty-one credits.
Minors often have their own telephone numbers.
All minors also require a C or better in each course.
All minors are open to all students, regardless of the student s degree programs.
All minors are subject to guardianship.
All minors can enter into binding apprenticeship and life insurance contracts.
All minors require a different teaching major .
All minors require a different teaching major.
All minors require five courses for completion.
All minors take the core courses listed below.
Any minor chosen by a student is subject to approval by the department offering the minor.
Many minors are available in various undergraduate programs.
Many minors enjoy organized sports and activities.
Most minors communicate with their families about a pregnancy.
Some minors also require one or more prerequisite courses.
Some minors can be returned to the home under supervision, others require long-term foster care.
Some minors have further restrictions.
Some minors have legitimate fears of physical and emotional abuse if their parents are consulted.
Some minors require a final clearance as well.
Some minors require special prerequisites.
Minority businesses are the fastest-growing sector of that community.
Minority businesses are the reason our economy is so strong and prosperous.
Minority businesses obtain business opportunities.
Many minority businesses have difficult times accessing capital.
Minority cancer patients obtain accurate information.
Minority cancer patients obtain information.
Minority cultures make up a considerable proportion of the population.
Minority ethnic is preferred to ethnic minority as everyone belongs to an ethnic group.
Minority government presents new opportunities for pioneering laws.
Minority governments are extremly rare in German history.
Minority groups are grossly underrepresented in the field.
Minority groups are highly conscious of their own group existence.
Minority groups are more likely to be plugged in than whites.
Minority groups are under-represented among professional educators.
Minority groups are visible.
Minority groups do have less access to computors in their homes.
Minority groups fear their numbers going down.
Minority groups have difficulties in turning out highly educated and motivated students.
Minority groups have investigators working everywhere.
Minority groups have real problems many of which are difficult to address.
Minority groups is a principal area of concentration within the discipline of sociology.
Minority groups own a wide variety of businesses and are leaders in economic development.
Minority groups say it's the only way to address persistent racism.
Minority groups support vouchers.
All minority groups are well represented.
Many minority groups are armed and already govern themselves with varying autonomy.
Many minority groups have shorter life spans and higher rates of infant mortality.
Many minority groups have such a thing on large and small scales.
Many minority groups portray themselves as wanting to assimilate and integrate into society.
Many minority groups suffer disproportionately from cancer.
Some minority groups are less likely than others to run their own businesses.
Minority interest is considered neither a liability or a part of shareholder's equity.
Minority interest refers to the ownership of a part of a company by a separate legal entity.
A minority leader is a legislator
Minority leaders address a broad range of business, career development, and diversity issues.
Minority leaders are legislators.
Minority Leaders move to take off in Cyberspace.
Some minority leaders propose solutions.
Minority majority is when a group of minorities gathered together out number the majorities.
Minority reports are also available.
Minority rights are also crucial in a legitimate democracy.
Minority rights mean civil and cultural rights.
Minority shareholders have rights, with other stakeholders.
Minority students pursue advance degrees.
Minority students pursue degrees.
Minority students to pursue careers.
A minority is a social group
Minorities abound, and, for the most part, opportunity and harmony reign.
Minorities actually have a greater chance of getting an abortion.
Minorities also are underrepresented.
Minorities also face special challenges for retirement savings.
Minorities also give more than is commonly believed.
Minorities also have little political representation in East County.
Minorities also play an increasingly important economic role as business owners.
Minorities also suffer.
Minorities also tend to be overrepresented in service sector positions.
Minorities appear to be more concerned about secularization than whites in general.
Minorities are a favourite target.
Minorities are a part of Kosovo.
Minorities are a significant presence in many of the nation's largest metropolitan areas.
Minorities are active participants in the political and professional life of the city.
Minorities are ages.
Minorities are already greatly underrepresented in science and engineering.
Minorities are also less likely to have private coverage than their white counterparts.
Minorities are also more supportive of the library's role to provide access to on-line resources.
Minorities are always the easiest targets of discrimination.
Minorities are another tobacco-marketing target.
Minorities are at higher risk than whites.
Minorities are aware of affirmative action's connoitations, and often act accordingly.
Minorities are aware of experiencing relative deprivation and oppression.
Minorities are disproportionately homeless and have significantly poorer housing options.
Minorities are disproportionately low wage workers.
Minorities are disproportionately underrepresented in the public work force.
Minorities are disproportionately without health care.
Minorities are dramatically underrepresented in academic cardiology.
Minorities are dramatically under-represented in science professions.
Minorities are drastically underrepresented in the optometric profession at present.
Minorities are egregiously underrepresented in the human factors and cognitive science communities.
Minorities are encourag ed to apply.
Minorities are especially at risk.
Minorities are fewer than one percent.
Minorities are in the majority.
Minorities are individual or groups of individuals especially qualified.
Minorities are legal status.
Minorities are less informed about the availability of services provided by shelters and safe homes.
Minorities are like animals.
Minorities are likely to become an increasing percentage of means-tested public benefits.
Minorities are more concentrated in the south side and downtown area.
Minorities are more likely to be arrested, but no more likely than whites to use drugs.
Minorities are more likely to be uninsured.
Minorities are more prominent than at many firms.
Minorities are no less fearful of becoming a crime victim than are whites.
Minorities are no less likely than whites to suffer from illnesses that cause great pain.
Minorities are numbers.
Minorities are often the targets of scapegoating.
Minorities are poor.
Minorities are severely underrepresented in the registry.
Minorities are social groups.
Minorities are still severely under-represented in selective schools and in certain professions.
Minorities are still the last to be hired and the first to be asked to leave.
Minorities are still underrepresented among elected officials.
Minorities are taxpayers too.
Minorities are the emerging majority in Houston's population.
Minorities are the number one movie-goers.
Minorities are the token characters that are tossed in.
Minorities are underrepresented at every level from elementary to graduate school.
Minorities are underrepresented in leadership positions in the corporate and non-profit sectors.
Minorities are underrepresented in medical education and in the health care delivery system.
Minorities are underrepresented in the engineering workforce.
Minorities are under-represented nationally in the teaching profession.
Minorities are worried too.
Minorities are, by definition, different.
Minorities become city's new majority.
Minorities benefit most from opportunity.
Minorities can find economic opportunities in the telecommunications and information industries.
Minorities can make a difference, and the timing is right.
Minorities can practise their foreign national cultures in a private capacity.
Minorities can reach for the ceiling but still have difficulty actually trying to touch it.
Minorities can speak to issues of the economy, education, the environment, gender and politics.
Minorities can test for free, however.
Minorities come to the university and are immediately told that they are oppressed and vulnerable.
Minorities comprise only five percent of the population.
Minorities continue to be heavily represented among the uninsured population.
Minorities continue to be persecuted in Iran.
Minorities continue to be underrepresented in particular occupational groups and agencies.
Minorities continue to face other types of harassment and discrimination as well.
Minorities continue to lag.
Minorities convert through validating their position.
Minorities count .
Minorities deserve the same rights as everyone else.
Minorities do in fact tend to support affirmative action more than whites.
Minorities dominate five of the city's eight political districts.
Minorities encourage other people to resist comformity and practice more individuation.
Minorities face a greater disparity.
Minorities face a tougher climb.
Minorities face discrimination every day of their lives.
Minorities feel insecure.
Minorities generally are more likely to give if asked but are asked less often than whites.
Minorities generally serve more time until first release than do whites, for all types of offenses.
Minorities get more loans but more rejections, too.
Minorities gradually follow patterns, norms, and values of American culture.
Minorities have a double disadvantage when poor.
Minorities have a harder time being hired because of affirmative action.
Minorities have a higher incidence of diabetes-related complications.
Minorities have a higher incidence of obesity and late onset diabetes.
Minorities have a longer lag between abnormal mammogram and followup tests.
Minorities have a much higher death rate.
Minorities have an opportunity to advancement for advancement .
Minorities have different ways of telling the story.
Minorities have several variants.
Minorities have the right to safeguard their entity and their heritage.
Minorities have the right to safeguard their entity and their hetritage.
Minorities have their own newspapers and radio stations subsidized by the Yugoslav government.
Minorities help fuel area growth.
Minorities includes only self-identified U.S. minority students.
Minorities know that censorship is very much a matter of demographics.
Minorities know that.
Minorities leave if they see more opportunity for advancement elsewhere.
Minorities list connected with .
Minorities make up a large portion of rural and other underserved populations.
Minorities make up a larger portion of the bottom half.
Minorities make up a slightly larger percentage of inattentive swing voters, as do unmarried people.
Minorities make up an increasing share of the population.
Minorities make up much of the population.
Minorities make up the majority.
Minorities now account for just one percent of pilots and flight engineers.
Minorities now comprise one-fourth of the U.S. population.
Minorities occupy a disadvantaged position as a result of prejudice and discrimination.
Minorities outnumber whites in New York City, yet even the extras are devoid of any color.
Minorities receive too much attention and consideration for equivalent positions and abilities.
Minorities represent a smaller percentage of the veteran population.
Minorities represent growing share of tomorrow's work force.
Minorities represent more than a quarter of the nation's population.
Minorities search out the security of ethnic identification.
Minorities seek greater pol influence commensurate with numbers.
Minorities still are underrepresented in higher education.
Minorities still have to break that racial barrier to compete on the same level as whites do.
Minorities still lag far behind whites in terms of net savings and accumulated or inherited assets.
Minorities stimulate a greater consideration of other alternatives.
Minorities suffer because our society believes some lives are expendable.
Minorities suffer more from downsizing than do whites.
Minorities tend to be concentrated in larger markets.
Minorities tend to be the victims of the most grievous police crimes.
Minorities tend to be underrepresented in political and economic elites.
Minorities tend to concentrate and disrupt the continuity of otherwise homogenous states.
Minorities tend to score below white students on traditional IQ tests.
Minorities tend to vote heavily Democratic.
Minorities typically fare far worse.
Minorities wait to see what is going to happen instead of making it happen themselves.
Minority cartoonists also speak to students.
Minority clearly defies overwhelming the majority in mass numbers by way of victory by protest.
Minority Discounts Probably the most controversial discount is for a lack of control.
Minority forges secondary and primary relationships with the majority group.
Minority is a relatively new term that encompasses both race and ethnicity.
Minority is inferiority while majority is superiority in so much evangelical thinking.
Minority isa social group.
Minority reports on both issues failed by somewhat larger margins.
Minority serving institutions are encourage to apply during the next funding cycle.
Minority show especially welcomes Dems and candidates, hits the issues.
Minority sounds a little out of place.
Minority still wishes to tape meetings to verify accuracy of proceedings.
Minorities always experience more or less pressure from the majority.
Minorities frequently change old slanderous labels into names reflecting their new sense of power.
Minorities frequently delay seeking health-related treatments.
Minorities often perceive the most racist law of all as the best legislation ever passed.
All minorities are worse at everything that all whites and all whites deserve to get promoted.
All minorities combined have federal licenses for less than three percent of TV stations.
Any minority can now make trouble and try to provoke government repression.
Every minority is mocked and the bad taste factor wears thin after five minutes.
Many minorities are as vehemently prejudiced against whites.
Many minorities are unemployed and live below the poverty level.
Many minorities come into the business to cover certain kinds of stories.
Many minorities favor school choice, especially younger ones.
Many minorities seem to be caught in the industrial age mentioned in Raw Materials.
Many minorities work for the government.
More minorities are now officers, they say, and more community outreach efforts are underway.
More minorities are now part of the legal profession than in the past, but more are needed.
More minorities are teachers, but the majority are still white females.
Most minorities enjoy today many more rights than ever before.
Most minorities have the support of being just like everyone else in their family.
Most minorities see a different picture.
Some minorities are apparently more equal than others.
Some minorities are so small as to be invisible.
Some minorities follow own tradition.
Some minorities follow tradition.
Some minorities have style.
Some minorities own communities.
Some minorities own outlets.
Some minorities raise pigs.
Some minorities show discharge.
A minster is a cathedral
Minster notes that everyone has something to give.
All minstrel banjos are made to order.
A minstrel is a singer
Minstrel isa singer.
Minstrel simply means a servant or minister.
Minstrel supports payment systems as one example of an extension module.
Minstrels are performers.
Minstrels have (part) arms.
Minstrels have (part) body substances.
Minstrels have (part) cell membranes.
Minstrels have (part) cells.
Minstrels have (part) corpi.
Minstrels have (part) cytoplasm.
Minstrels have (part) heads.
Minstrels have (part) human bodies.
Minstrels have (part) legs.
Minstrels have (part) material bodies.
Minstrels have (part) necks.
Minstrels have (part) nuclei.
Minstrels have (part) personality.
Minstrels have (part) plasma membranes.
Minstrels have (part) sections.
Minstrels have (part) vacuoles.
Minstrels jump on the buses, whip off a few songs and ask for pesos.
Minstrels sing, play upon the lute, and tell stories and the news of the day.
Some minstrels enjoy diets.
Some minstrels enjoy natural diets.
Some minstrels enjoy natural raw diets.
Some minstrels enjoy raw diets.
Mint bushes are often short lived on their own roots but are very reliable as grafted species.
Mint condition appear to have never been used.
Mint condition means that even the box containing the action figure is that way.
Mint errors are relatively common in ancient coins.
Mint flavor is available upon request.
Mint Hill is protective and serious about smart growth.
Some mint leaves are also nice.
Mint leaves are good.
Mint leaves are very good for removing ark circles, pimple marks, scars, etc.
Mint plants are popular as ornamentals, often cultivated as fragrant herb garden plants.
Mint plants are the perfect starting point for a herb garden.
Mint plants cross pollinate easily, so hybrids abound.
Mint plants like to grow in moist conditions such as along a river bank.
Mint plants prefer moist, partial shade .
Mint tea contains sugar.
Mint tea has delicate flavor.
Mint tea has flavor.
Mint tea makes from peppermints.
Most mint tea contains sugar.
Most mint tea has delicate flavor.
Most mint tea has flavor.
Most mint tea makes from peppermints.
Mint aids digestion.
Mint has (part) cell membranes.
Mint has (part) cells.
Mint has (part) corpi.
Mint has (part) cytoplasm.
Mint has (part) nuclei.
Mint has (part) plasma membranes.
Mint has (part) sections.
Mint has (part) vacuoles.
Mint has (part) vegetables.
Mint has aroma.
Mint has delicate flavor.
Mint has edible flowers.
Mint has flavor.
Mint has flowers.
Mint has leaves.
Mint helps nausea.
Mint is an amount
Mint is candy.
Mint is herbaceous plants.
Mint is herbs.
Mint is leafs.
Mint is located in refrigerators.
Mint is part of mint.
Mint is plants.
Mint isa candy.
Mint isa herb.
Mint offers benefits.
Mint Produces U.S. coins.
Mint sprigs, twists of lemon rind.
Mint tastes better than blood or infected teeth.
Mint thrives well in deep loam soil.
Mint trolls with hang tags.
Mint works as well.
Mints adapt to a wide range of soils.
Mints are a perennial and grow quickly and easily.
Mints are as aggressive in a communal pot as they are outside and try to crowd out their neighbors.
Mints are at their best before flowering, so pick then.
Mints are commercially important as sources of flavor and menthol.
Mints are generally perennial plants, though a few species are annual and some are grown as annuals.
Mints are great to use in cooking and for other herbal uses, of course.
Mints are probably the most accessible and used flavoring agents for smoking mixtures.
Mints are stimulant, aiding digestion and reduce flatulence.
Mints are very rich in menthol, a component with anticongestive and diaphoretic properties.
Mints are worth a mint when it comes to their health benefits.
Mints benefit from picking and pruning.
Mints can be a welcome addition to the supply of small gifts.
Mints generally produce aromatic oils.
Mints grow in meadows and beside creeks.
Mints have a square stem and opposite leaves.
Mints have square stems and opposite aromatic leaves .
Mints hybridize readily, so it's often difficult to identify the many variations.
Mints make good landscape ground covers but they spread aggressively.
Mints prefer moist soil so they require more frequent watering.
Mints relax the esophageal muscle and can worsen symptoms.
Mints type deductive calculi for logic programming.
All mint can spread rather quickly by runners.
All mints appreciate moisture and do best where they get afternoon shade.
All mints are good as cut flowers and foliage for indoor arrangements.
All mints have square stems and sharp scents, which vary from pungent to sweetly fruity.
All mints spread by stolons and can become weedy in home gardens.
All mints thrive near pools of water, lakes, rivers, and cool moist spots in partial shade.
Every mint has a fairly noticeable smell, some delightful and some less so.
Many mints work well in herbal lawns.
Most mint has aroma.
Most mint has delicate flavor.
Most mint has edible flowers.
Most mint has flavor.
Most mint has flowers.
Most mint helps nausea.
Most mint offers benefits.
Most mints are upright perennials that grow two to three feet tall.
Most mints spread very quickly.
Most mints thrive as house plants as well.
Some mint appears on the nose, along with plums and a bit of tobacco.
Some mint becomes nuisances.
Some mint has cool effects.
Some mint has effects.
Some mint makes dessert.
Some mint reduces production.
Some mints have medicinal uses.
A minter is a skilled worker
Minter learns names.
Mintings is making.
Mintubi opal is really gem material.
A minus sign is a sign
Minus signs indicate that no information was available.
A minus is an arithmetic operation
Minus isa calculation.
Minus isa computation.
Minus refers to the operation of subtraction.
Minuscule midges are especially important.
Minuscule spiders nestle happily in their lairs.
A minuscule is a graphic symbol
Minuscules are lower case Greek letters.
Minuscules are lowercase Greek letters.
A minute hand is a hand
Minute hand has a square hole, the Oblong hole hand as in the pic is sold out. . .
Minute information assumes card used for single call.
Minute information assumes the entire card in use on a single call.
Every minute man seeks joy from a forked road situation.
Minutes of meetings are also available.
Minutes of meetings are available at the Naples office .
Minutes of meetings are available in the school library.
Minutes of meetings are available to members.
Minutes of meetings are available upon request.
Minutes of meetings are available.
Minutes of meetings are on file in the rectory office.
Minutes of meetings give future club members reference material.
Minutes of meetings reveal concerns beyond tea and needlepoint.
Minute particles carry charge.
Minute particles carry electrical charge.
Minute particles carry small electrical charge.
Minute particles suspend in air.
Minute rice is easy to make in the microwave - add equal parts of rice and water and heat.
Minute takers are a way to free up the rest of the class to participate in the discussions.
Minute ventilation is the total amount of gas moved into and out of the lung in a minute.
Minute volume is increased, corresponding with the increased cardiac output.
A minute is unit of time
Minute domes light the triangular spaces between large and small domes.
Minute is very small.
Minute isa quantity.
Minute provides against a stomach instead run Volunteers jerseys.
Minute remain through that madam and leave baseball gloves olds.
Minute scratches on the surface and minor factory peppering is acceptable.
Minutes also come in different varieties.
Minutes appear below in reverse order by date.
Minutes apply to calls made or received within local calling area.
Minutes are a legal record, and accuracy is of utmost importance.
Minutes are a precious resource.
Minutes are a public record.
Minutes are a record of action taken or assignments made by the committee or board.
Minutes are a record of the proceedings of the meeting.
Minutes are a written record of a meeting.
Minutes are accessible to internal browsers only.
Minutes are also available for most committee meetings.
Minutes are also available on the chapter website.
Minutes are also online once they are approved by the council.
Minutes are also valuable when it comes to making the next agenda.
Minutes are an office record of the proceedings of an organization's meeting.
Minutes are an open record.
Minutes are another key part of any organization, as they are the official record of that group.
Minutes are approximations based on the assumption that the entire card is used for one call.
Minutes are available .
Minutes are available as paper copies from the secretariat .
Minutes are available at the link to the left.
Minutes are available for all league meetings.
Minutes are available for public distribution.
Minutes are available here .
Minutes are available on the CSLP homepage.
Minutes are available on the internet.
Minutes are available on the web site approximately two days after the meeting.
Minutes are available on the web site within one week following the meeting.
Minutes are available on the web.
Minutes are available online.
Minutes are available upon request to properly authorized recipients.
Minutes are available upon request.
Minutes are available where indicated.
Minutes are available with details of the meeting.
Minutes are available.
Minutes are availble in the local library.
Minutes are chronological by numbered days.
Minutes are complete and concise.
Minutes are complete from last week.
Minutes are critical.
Minutes are crucial to the survival of people with the sudden onset of serious cardiac problems.
Minutes are currently available online for the following board meetings.
Minutes are currently outstanding.
Minutes are for the previous month's meeting.
Minutes are forthcoming and reflect full agendas for both meetings.
Minutes are forthcoming.
Minutes are generally available on the web site within one week following the meeting .
Minutes are generally available on the web site within one week following the meeting.
Minutes are generally available within one week of the meeting date .
Minutes are greater than hours.
Minutes are important for two reasons.
Minutes are important to keep everyone in sync.
Minutes are in a separate document.
Minutes are in italics.
Minutes are in the packet.
Minutes are king.
Minutes are located in meetings.
Minutes are meant to record basic information such as the actions assigned and decisions made.
Minutes are mostly from whole council and from steering committee.
Minutes are notes.
Minutes are now available on the CHS website after they have been approved.
Minutes are now available.
Minutes are now on the web.
Minutes are official upon approval.
Minutes are on the web, and cancelling office hours next week.
Minutes are on the web.
Minutes are optional.
Minutes are part of degrees.
Minutes are part of hours.
Minutes are precious.
Minutes are prepared for each meeting held and are also available for public review.
Minutes are public records within the meaning of the Public Records Law.
Minutes are quicksand.
Minutes are simply a formal record of the proceedings of a meeting.
Minutes are subject to approval.
Minutes are the official record of board actions.
Minutes are the official record of the meeting.
Minutes are the official written record of the meetings of an organization or group.
Minutes are time units.
Minutes are to be handled by the members, alphabetically.
Minutes are to be taken at meetings to assure proper documentation.
Minutes are to be taken on everything discussed.
Minutes are to follow the agenda format.
Minutes are vital.
Minutes are yet to come.
Minutes away are dorado, yellowtail, sailfish, and marlin fishing.
Minutes away are five world class golf courses, dining and shopping.
Minutes away are golf, tennis, bicycling and horseback riding.
Minutes away are shops, restaurants, wilderness trails, and fishing spots.
Minutes away are the Great Valley, Marsh Creek and Oaklands business centers.
Minutes away is a botanical garden park of sculpture, fountains, and foliage-covered walkways.
Minutes away is a modern marina.
Minutes away pages vacation designs web tubs, and more.
Minutes Be sure to take and record the minutes at every official meeting.
Minutes become hours, hours smear together, a single second sometimes lasts a day.
Minutes become hours.
Minutes can be critical.
Minutes can define the difference between life and death.
Minutes Check out exactly what happened at our last meeting.
Minutes Check out what has been going on at the last couple of meetings.
Minutes Check out what's been happening.
Minutes click here .
Minutes contain the action of the meeting rather than a running dialogue of every comment.
Minutes corrections .
Minutes cover entire time of incorporation.
Minutes determine a vast influence upon the survival of the victim.
Minutes discuss the purchase of land, fund-raising, school regulations, and the teaching staff.
Minutes do mean lives.
Minutes document the results of project meetings.
Minutes drag by.
Minutes drain away slowly as merchandise is checked.
Minutes drive from Charlottetown with ocean view.
Minutes drive to campus.
Minutes drive to ski lifts, world famous trout fishing, recreational lakes, golf and tennis courts.
Minutes expire within six months of activation.
Minutes fade into hours as profundity pours forth onto the page.
Minutes filling days disappear.
Minutes form a meeting are available.
Minutes form central business district.
Minutes form white-water rafting hiking, fishing, golfing and skiing.
Minutes generate a written history for the group.
Minutes Get the lateset minutes.
Minutes go by as they watch, mesmerized by the activity.
Minutes go by, and they're still there, still combing.
Minutes go by.
Minutes have (part) s.
Minutes have (part) seconds.
Minutes have (part) secs.
Minutes have to be kept, and information has to be distributed before and after meetings.
Minutes holds the elapsed number of minutes.
Minutes just drift by.
Minutes keep piling.
Minutes make hours. .
Minutes now are worth hours at other times.
Minutes pass and the wind blows.
Minutes pass and then the bell rings.
Minutes pass but all of a sudden checking shows it's liquid.
Minutes pass like hours.
Minutes pass quietly.
Minutes pass, and another, larger ambulance shows.
Minutes pool together for both cellular and direct connect.
Minutes provide the most complete record of the actions of a committee.
Minutes read and accepted.
Minutes read and approved.
Minutes read Matters arising, including brief mention of three main forthcoming events.
Minutes read silently.
Minutes Read the latest approved minutes and get a printable version.
Minutes read, with many interruptions.
Minutes reports from the frontiers of reproductive medicine.
Minutes roll by and they play . .
Minutes roll by lazily.
Minutes roll into hours and then into days and then into months, and years.
Minutes See also participants , agenda , and recommendations .
Minutes See the minutes below for more information.
Minutes seem like an eternity.
Minutes seem like hours in anticipation of the first coated test panels to emerge from the system.
Minutes seem like hours.
Minutes show date of session, location of court, officer present, and case actions.
Minutes show date, motions, actions taken, and members present.
Minutes shows the guidelines.
Minutes south is Miami Beach's neon wonderland - the trendy Art Deco District.
Minutes Specify the amount of idle time before timeout occurs, in minutes.
Minutes stand approved as corrected.
Minutes stand approved as submitted.
Minutes stand approved as written.
Minutes stand as read.
Minutes stand as written.
Minutes stretch forward and then back again and sometimes they completely stand still.
Minutes threaten through the years.
Minutes tick away.
Minutes tick by, then hours.
Minutes tick by.
Minutes turn into hours.
Minutes unanimously acceptance.
Minutes walk from reef pools and local restaurant.
Minutes walk from the conference hotels.
Minutes walk to harbour.
Minutes walk to Lost Lake and the Village trail system.
Minutes walk to nightclubs, pubs, restaurants and Perth City.
Minutes walk to sea shore, cafes and shops.
Minutes walk to shops and restaurants.
Minutes walk to the beach or steps to the private pool.
Minutes walk to the very best restaurants.
Minutes walk to village.
Minutes Welcome to the library's electronic reserves.
All minutes are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All minutes are in draft form.
All minutes are in HTML format.
All minutes are on the Web.
All minutes are unapproved until the following meeting date unless otherwise noted.
All minutes reflect computing only.
Every minute can be critical in a medical emergency.
Every minute counts Clot-busting drugs give heart attack victims a second chance.
Every minute counts from here on out.
Every minute counts in an emergency.
Every minute counts when a child is abducted.
Every minute counts when a stroke strikes.
Every minute counts where a fire is concerned.
Every minute counts with a heart attack.
Every minute goes.
Every minute has to be filled.
Every minute is a century.
Every minute is a choice.
Every minute is a life or death challenge.
Every minute is a personal hot insult.
Every minute is a sharing experience.
Every minute is an opportunity lost.
Every minute is an opportunity to see, to learn, to enjoy.
Every minute is crucial when a medical emergency arises.
Every minute is different.
Every minute is filled with memories.
Every minute is forever.
Every minute is full of excitement, friends and challenging activities.
Every minute is liable to be critical.
Every minute is precious and every step dangerous.
Every minute is precious on an organized tour.
Every minute is precious when fire breaks out.
Every minute is valuable on our way to Amsterdam.
Every minute is valuable.
Every minute is vital in cases of suspected heart attack.
Every minute is vital, and an unfamiliar address over the radio can mean delays.
Every minute is vital.
Every minute saved is a minute applied to releasing a new or updated warning.
Every minute seems like a year.
Every minute seems like an hour as the drama unfolds.
Every minute spent in line at a government agency is one less minute of productivity.
Every minute spent in the car is time spent away from the family.
Every minute spent waiting is a minute squandered.
Every minute spent with a child is a chance to demonstrate how to use words.
Every minute spent with a patient is a minute spent marketing.
Every minute there is another death from cancer in the United States.
Every minute wasted due to production downtime means thousands of dollars in lost profits.
Every minutes counts, no matter the time of day.
More minutes is what it comes down to.
More minutes pass.
Some minutes are part of dates.
Some minutes are part of days.
Some minutes are part of eves.
Some minutes are part of hours.
Some minutes are part of tomorrows.
Some minutes are part of yesterdays.
Some minutes make reference to attachments.
Some minutes seem so much longer than others.
A minx is a woman
Minx is moved to tears by the verdict.
Minx is the more cautious and pensive of the twins.
Minx is the trouble-maker of the bunch.
Minx is true Arabian type in miniature and is producing show quality foals.
Minyan services are open to all who wish to attend.
Miosis is cellular division
Miosis is present in mild and severe cases.
A miotic is a drug
Miotics increase the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eye.
Miracle cures are by their nature exceptional.
Any miracle cure is invalid.
Miracle drugs are readily available to the general public.
Miracle fruit is a marvelous conversation plant that does well in a container.
Miracle fruit produces small red fruits several times each year.
A miracle is an occurrence
Miracle aims at providing high quality software development on a fixed price basis.
Miracle becomes a kind of sanitized theological word for magic.
Miracle can convert any document of all formats into highly structured informative data.
Miracle can maintain a distribution database to track who got what and when.
Miracle deals with love, fulfillment, and redemption.
Miracle deals with love, fulfillment, and transformation.
Miracle ends on a fail, or if faith worker breaks concentration.
Miracle ends on a fail, or if priest or breaks concentration.
Miracle happen all the time in the church.
Miracle happen in our daily lives .
Miracle is a marketer of Brewer Wet Grains and commodities in the U.S. and Canada.
Miracle is a relative term.
Miracle is considered a top franchise by all industry publications.
Miracle is gentle enough to use in future programs with small children or the elderly.
Miracle is monster.
Miracle is specific to time, space, and situation.
Miracle is the word.
Miracle isa happening.
Miracle isa occurrence.
Miracle knows how to find the best locations and has proved it store after store.
Miracle knows the auto painting business like no other auto painting company.
Miracle relates to the collective power of the holy spirit.
Miracle wishes to serve good food, information and peace to the world.
Miracles abound in war torn Central Africa . . .
Miracles abound in war torn Central Africa.
Miracles are a good drawing card.
Miracles are a good way to quickly meet the needs of many villagers.
Miracles are a kind of exchange.
Miracles are a means of communication, and communication requires two sides.
Miracles are a way of earning release from fear.
Miracles are also signs of the faith of man.
Miracles are always accidental.
Miracles are anomalies.
Miracles are both possible and actual.
Miracles are but rare, in respect of the common operations of providence.
Miracles are by definition unique and without precedent.
Miracles are commonplace, brothers and sisters.
Miracles are events outside of normal events.
Miracles are events.
Miracles are ever-present in many ways in our lives.
Miracles are everyone's right, but purification is necessary first.
Miracles are everywhere.
Miracles are Everywhere.
Miracles are for the ignorant.
Miracles are for the living.
Miracles are for today.
Miracles are good news.
Miracles are great but they are so unpredictable.
Miracles are great, but they are so damned unpredictable.
Miracles are great, but they are so unpredictable.
Miracles are happening.
Miracles are in the cards.
Miracles are indeed possible.
Miracles are interesting happenings.
Miracles are just distractions.
Miracles are like love.
Miracles are like smoke.
Miracles are like Tootsie-roll pops because there is always a surprise on the inside.
Miracles are located in universes.
Miracles are many.
Miracles are more likely to happen in dreams than in reality.
Miracles are natural signs of forgiveness.
Miracles are natural.
Miracles are nice.
Miracles are no more.
Miracles are normal.
Miracles are one of the chief points of contention between religion and science.
Miracles are one of the most interesting and spectacular aspects of the game.
Miracles are only operative within the realm of religion.
Miracles are our business.
Miracles are possible precisely because the world is illusion.
Miracles are possible.
Miracles are pretty much the same.
Miracles are rare and precious to see.
Miracles are real.
Miracles are seals of a divine mission.
Miracles are signs that point in two directions.
Miracles are situations.
Miracles are so damned unpredictable.
Miracles are something almost everyone believes to be a reality.
Miracles are still possible.
Miracles are temporary, but blessings are eternal.
Miracles are the concentration of human relations in the political realm.
Miracles are the fruits of faith.
Miracles are the great equalizer.
Miracles are the poetry in the prose of life.
Miracles are the result of hard work.
Miracles are the stuff of dreams and the makings for fairy tales.
Miracles are thoughts.
Miracles are thus a means and revelation is an end.
Miracles are to come.
Miracles are transcendental.
Miracles are wonderful things.
Miracles are wrought, the sick are healed, and signs and wonders follow the believers.
Miracles are, in essence, divine intervention in human affairs.
Miracles are, therefore, impossible.
Miracles arise from a miraculous state of mind, or a state of miracle-readiness.
Miracles bear witness to truth.
Miracles become integral parts of their messages or of their personal experiences.
Miracles begin to take place.
Miracles belong to the exterior plane.
Miracles belong to the upside of life.
Miracles bring hope to mankind, stirring up the heart of man to repentance, or the new birth.
Miracles can abound.
Miracles can and do happen everyday.
Miracles can and do happen.
Miracles can freely manifest.
Miracles CAN happen and sometimes even the toughest of odds can be beaten.
Miracles can happen if capable people are excited about their work.
Miracles can happen in life.
Miracles can happen when a woman prays.
Miracles can happen.
Miracles CAN happen.
Miracles can occur through righteous prayer.
Miracles can occur with proper treatement.
Miracles cause people to be saved.
Miracles come after a lot of hard work. . . .
Miracles come after a lot of hard work.
Miracles come from leading a life of tears for the public.
Miracles come from our own inner strength.
Miracles come in a crisis, but blessings keep the crisis from coming.
Miracles come in all sizes and shapes.
Miracles come in many forms, in many ways.
Miracles come in small amounts, but blessings come in great abundance.
Miracles confirm revelation.
Miracles do exist in football.
Miracles do happen and one day it was returned.
Miracles do happen and they do exist.
Miracles do happen every day.
Miracles do happen here.
Miracles do happen today.
Miracles do happen, as seen when an individual comes through with favors owed.
Miracles do happen, the film concludes, but there is always a price.
Miracles do happen.
Miracles DO happen.
Miracles do indeed happen.
Miracles do occur in the modern age.
Miracles do occur many without any kind of scientific explanation.
Miracles do occur.
Miracles DO still happen.
Miracles don t happen.
Miracles fit into a different pattern of intelligibility than that provided by modern science.
Miracles get our attention.
Miracles give witness to the power of the holy to break into our regular, everyday world.
Miracles go dramatically against our expectations.
Miracles happen all the time though.
Miracles happen all the time.
Miracles happen all year long.
Miracles happen even when unexpected.
Miracles happen every day because of blood donors and blood drive sponsors.
Miracles happen every day with love.
Miracles happen every day.
Miracles happen everyday.
Miracles happen in our lives on a regular basis it seems.
Miracles happen in the most unexpected places.
Miracles happen over there, to other people.
Miracles happen today as well.
Miracles happen when people do whatever it takes.
Miracles happen when people feel successful and worthy.
Miracles happen, but they happen for a specific reason - to build our faith.
Miracles happen, plant the seeds of one today.
Miracles has to do with to what degree one is present with the self in living each moment.
Miracles have no power in themselves to make people believe.
Miracles have to be caused by power.
Miracles involving forces are nearly impossible to deny.
Miracles leave room for doubt.
Miracles lie beyond the reach of scientific enquiry.
Miracles love the mud, for in mud anything can happen.
Miracles manifest in many forms.
Miracles never cease.
Miracles Never Cease.
Miracles occur daily.
Miracles occur frequently.
Miracles occur in a framework of reason and logic.
Miracles occur in all the Methodist churches in Cuba.
Miracles occur in the flow of creation, where anything can happen.
Miracles occur naturally as expressions of love.
Miracles probably do happen.
Miracles really do exist.
Miracles really do happen.
Miracles really happen, or they are impossible.
Miracles rearrange perception and place all levels in true perspective.
Miracles represent freedom from fear.
Miracles seem to be all over the place, like ticks on a summer cow.
Miracles seem to be more frequent in people who relatively free from disbelief.
Miracles show who's really in charge.
Miracles still do happen.
Miracles still happen.
Miracles Still Happen.
Miracles still occur every day.
Miracles still seem to occur in medicine.
Miracles take a while.
Miracles take place and lives change forever.
Miracles take place in complete accord with the higher laws of the spirit.
Miracles take place in Mystic.
Miracles take place in our everyday lives.
Miracles take place in people's lives often through the vehicle of another person.
Miracles take places.
Miracles tend to draw attention to the person who is doing the miracle.
Miracles transcend the body.
Miracles violate natural law and so are impossible.
Miracles violate the laws of nature.
Miracles work according to laws of meaning.
Miracles yet happen.
Miracles often accompany or follow the testing and resistance.
All miracles are for a purpose, and the purpose is to extend the message of the gospel to others.
All miracles continue to occur today.
All miracles occur through the agency of a mundane thing.
All miracles start in the mind.
Many miracles are stories from long ago, others are our own personal miracles.
Many miracles fall.
Many miracles happen here time to time.
Many miracles take place in the countryside and there are healings there after people pray.
Most miracles are natural phenomena with awesomely good timing.
Most miracles are similar to normal things.
Most miracles come with some strings attached.
Most miracles take places.
Some miracles are miracles of timing.
Some miracles are small.
Some miracles have an instant birth and others take time.
Some miracles provide opportunity.
Some miracles take longer than others.
Miraculous apparitions materialize in scenes of everyday life.
Miraculous awakenings are few and far between.
Miraculous claims assert that a violation of the laws of nature has occurred.
Miraculous conversions are the basis of new church plants in village after village.
Miraculous healing is seen as having ended in the first century.
Miraculous healings do occur but the biggest miracle is often overlooked.
Every miraculous moment is experienced and seen through the eyes of the children.
Miraculous narratives abound amongst 'primitive and barbarous people'.
Miraculous prophecy is a fairy-tale.
Miraculous Stories Read real miraculous stories that have happened to ordinary people.
Miraculous Unity Look again at unity and catholicity, which can be considered together.
Miraflex fiber offers several important environmental benefits.
Mirage resorts is one of the most politically active casino companies.
Mirage is available as a four-door sedan or as a coupe, in either baseic DE or uplevel LS trim.
Mirage is fighter planes.
Mirage is illusion.
Mirage is imagery.
Mirage is misconception
Mirage is misconception.
Mirage is now in.
Mirage is optical illusion.
Mirage is well known for their bipolar speakers.
Mirage looks nice in robot mode and has nice posability.
Mirage trounces it.
Mirages affect radar.
Mirages appear under certain weather conditions.
Mirages appear, shimmer on the horizon, vanish into the merciless midday heat.
Mirages are caused by the way in which light passes through air layers of different densities.
Mirages are of pleasant things.
Mirages come in a wide variety, from lakes to ships floating in the air.
Mirages come in different types.
Mirages have nothing to do with spiritual development.
Mirages make land navigation difficult because they obscure natural features.
Mirages occur when two air masses of different temperatures are up against each other.
Miramichi summers are magic.
Miranu physicians are well known for being some of the best in the known galaxy.
A mirasol is a flower
Mirasol is committed to helping women completely recover from disordered eating.
A mire is a bog
Mires are bogs.
Mires are difficulty.
Mires are mud.
Mires are wetland.
Mires are wetlands with a vegetation which is usually peat-forming.
Mires can form in two general ways.
Mires come in two general types, minerotrophic and ombrotrophic.
Mires notes that in other criminal cases, perpetrators have buried victims in garbage pits.
Mires now uses a post office box to correspond with a variety of psychopaths.
Mires takes a soil sample to test for human remains.
A miro is a coniferous tree
MIRO is a research and information organisation for the international minerals industry.
MIRO monitor technical specs and information.
Mirror blanks are inexpensive and readily available.
Mirror doors come in a framed or frameless configuration.
A mirror image is similarity
Mirror images are acceptable for complete blocks and random formations.
Mirror Lake has many strengths.
Mirror Lake is a fine lunch spot on the hike itself.
Mirror Lake is a mill pond that was formed by a stone dam on the spring branch.
Mirror Lake is a popular spot.
Mirror Lake is an underground waterpool that reflects the beautiful overhead formations.
Mirror Lake is dredged for the last time.
Mirror Lake is especially attractive, shaded by fir trees in a beautiful meadow.
Mirror Lake is inhabited by large catfish and many species of pond life.
Mirror Lake is one block on the left-hand side.
Mirror lake is one of the most beautiful and peaceful spots on campus.
Mirror neurons are believed to mediate the understanding of other animals' behaviour .
Mirror neurons are thus the missing link in the evolution of language.
Mirror neurons are what create the empathetic response.
Mirror planes bisect reflection space - distinction.
Mirror reflection is a special case of glide reflection .
Mirror reflection is glide reflection with zero glide, as translation is a special case of rotation.
Mirror reflection occurs when light strikes surfaces that are smooth or glossy.
Mirror site downloads available.
Mirror site is here .
Mirror site is here.
Mirror site is now on line.
Mirror sites are also an example of non-perceived delocalisation.
Mirror sites are always welcome.
Mirror sites are another way to take advantage of low traffic times.
Mirror sites are available in China and the Netherlands.
Mirror sites are available in Japan, Australia, and the Netherlands.
Mirror sites are available world-wide.
Mirror sites are now available all over the world.
Mirror sites are occasionally busy or unreliable.
Mirror sites are replica versions of an original site located on different servers.
Mirror sites are replicas of already existing sites, designed to balance network traffic.
Mirror sites are still welcome.
Mirror sites are the easiest to manage and control.
Mirror sites are welcome.
Mirror sites contain an exact replica of the directory structure of another computer.
Mirror sites contain the exact same directories and files, but have different entry points.
Mirror sites divert some of the traffic from the original site.
Mirror sites help distribute the load from a single popular site.
Mirror sites maintain exact copies of all the information maintained on the original computer.
All mirror sites contain the same software.
Many mirror sites are available.
More mirror sites are here.
Some mirror sites are available.
Some mirror sites are now available.
A mirror is a reflector
Mirror adjusts outward from wall and up and down.
Mirror admins can use it to give their mirrors their own unique look.
Mirror angles from encoder data.
Mirror array display technology Electrostatic - structural coupling.
Mirror buy honda accord price.
Mirror changes all incidences of one or more code values from positive to negative, and vise versa.
Mirror cover and cleaning An ABS plastic mirror cover fits snugly over the mirror.
Mirror cover automation, install new louvers for pit, counterweights for mirror covers.
Mirror designs and handmade in mosaic, recycle materials and paint effects.
Mirror designs only.
Mirror domains .
Mirror encodes a novel pbx-class homeoprotein which defines developmental borders.
Mirror finish aluminum on all topside parts, end plates and pedal bar.
Mirror finish stainless steel cabinet.
Mirror finish stainless steel with removable whistle.
Mirror helps baby practice expressions and discover sense of self.
Mirror isa reflector.
Mirror removes for easy cleaning.
Mirror shows age.
Mirror sites all over the globe.
Mirror sites all over the world are available as well.
Mirror sites all over the world.
Mirror sites Online as above.
Mirror sliders on the master bedroom closet.
Mirror wielu emulator w, wiele informacji nt.
Mirror wills .
Mirrors activate the chi.
Mirrors add drama, double the size of a room, and bring in the outdoors.
Mirrors add magic to a room.
Mirrors adjust for persons of any height.
Mirrors also help by reflecting light and limiting the appearance of shadows.
Mirrors also serve to 'rob the soul' according to old tradition.
Mirrors are a nice addition to any room in the house.
Mirrors are a special case as well.
Mirrors are almost always less crowded.
Mirrors are also available as are glass shelves.
Mirrors are also available that are fully detailed, and the level of detail is adjustable.
Mirrors are also effective stimulants because they give a baby an ever-changing view of the world.
Mirrors are always the final frontier on a cruiser, they make it or brake it.
Mirrors are an easy and beautiful way to add light and space to a room.
Mirrors are available for a minimal fee for standard units.
Mirrors are available for faster access from other contries.
Mirrors are available in a wide range of styles and materials.
Mirrors are available in France and Denmark .
Mirrors are available.
Mirrors are but a single issue among hundreds.
Mirrors are cheaper than photo cells.
Mirrors are cool too.
Mirrors are cool.
Mirrors are easier to support since they can be supported across the whole back of the mirror.
Mirrors are especially elegant in dining rooms.
Mirrors are essential for safe travel on public roads.
Mirrors are essentially duplicate copies of the original publications housed on alternate servers.
Mirrors are everywhere to promote the most eye contact as possible.
Mirrors are everywhere.
Mirrors are file system independent.
Mirrors are for cutting.
Mirrors are fun.
Mirrors are glass.
Mirrors are good places to find character.
Mirrors are good places to practice in front of.
Mirrors are good.
Mirrors are great fun for kids.
Mirrors are high-relfection dielectric type and usually transparent to visible light.
Mirrors are illegal.
Mirrors are just one of the many types of appliques used to decorate garments and accessories.
Mirrors are located in bedrooms.
Mirrors are located in cars.
Mirrors are located in closets.
Mirrors are located in gyms.
Mirrors are located in houses.
Mirrors are located in purses.
Mirrors are located in walls.
Mirrors are much neglected part of the tow-package and it is very wrong to do so.
Mirrors are one of the absolute proofs that foresight is best.
Mirrors are particularly fascinating.
Mirrors are perhaps the easiest features to pick out by eye.
Mirrors are plate glass.
Mirrors are polished, silverware gleams, servers work the room with a practised glide.
Mirrors are reflectors.
Mirrors are securely packed and shipped anywhere in North America by mail.
Mirrors are specular devices that can change the direction a light beam.
Mirrors are steady and clear.
Mirrors are surfaces.
Mirrors are televisions, cars drive themselves and the labs are filled with neat little goodies.
Mirrors are the doors by which Death comes and goes.
Mirrors are the easiest RAID configuration to setup and maintain.
Mirrors are the instruments of vanity.
Mirrors are the usual fairing-mounted joke.
Mirrors are the way into other worlds.
Mirrors are there, surrounded by lights and suffused by incense.
Mirrors are to be treated with even more care, and less often.
Mirrors are used for light reflection.
Mirrors are used for reflection.
Mirrors are used for spectators.
Mirrors are usually heavier than pictures or paintings of equal size.
Mirrors are very efficient.
Mirrors are very important, and storage is too.
Mirrors are very smooth and shiny.
Mirrors are wonderful to expand space and direct energy, but never have it face the front door.
Mirrors attached to the helmet allow the cyclist to see to the sides, rear, and front.
Mirrors attempts to deal with complicated and tragic events faced by a New Orleans family.
Mirrors avoid the problem of chromatic aberration.
Mirrors bend light.
Mirrors can also magnify objects.
Mirrors can be as beautiful as they are functional, but they also can be cliches.
Mirrors can be deceptive.
Mirrors can be great fun for pets, who often think their reflections are other animals.
Mirrors can break, or they can deteriorate over time.
Mirrors can enable a bus driver to observe vulnerable areas of the vehicle.
Mirrors can instantly turn cramped, unattractive areas into spacious interiors.
Mirrors can play a vital part in creating the impression of extra space.
Mirrors can replace artwork on walls to make small spaces look bigger.
Mirrors can signify the dual nature of the characters, both the duplicitous and the wistful.
Mirrors can trigger delusional behavior in some.
Mirrors captivate babies and offer hours of giggling delight.
Mirrors capture light.
Mirrors change if the loginid exists in the mirrored domain.
Mirrors collect light better than lenses.
Mirrors come in a wide variety of frames that can suit the most traditional or modern decors.
Mirrors come in several different varieties.
Mirrors come in two basic varieties.
Mirrors concentrate the light into a laser beam.
Mirrors cover one wall in the living room and in both bedrooms to reflect the ocean.
Mirrors create images.
Mirrors create the illusion of space.
Mirrors exchange the front and back of a scene.
Mirrors experience chromatic aberration.
Mirrors fit any decor and provide an alternative to painting.
Mirrors focus sunlight on a boiler, which generates steam and then electricity.
Mirrors fold on impact or for getting into close quarters.
Mirrors form the tops of the sinks to the ceiling open up the interior.
Mirrors give a sense of spaciousness and reflect the variety of colors in the room.
Mirrors go upright.
Mirrors greet glances in every direction, lit by soft lights at pastel display tables.
Mirrors hang vertically or horizontally.
Mirrors have (part) sections.
Mirrors have no time to waste on reflection.
Mirrors have some de-silvering on the outer edges due to salt water intrusion.
Mirrors have symmetry.
Mirrors have the added advantage of enlarging and brightening an entry hall.
Mirrors help share the load and offer faster downloads for users in different locations.
Mirrors Here is a list of PuTTY web site mirrors.
Mirrors increase the sense of spatial illusion.
Mirrors Install full-length mirrors.
Mirrors Just grab the proper file from the directory.
Mirrors line one wall for monitoring form and following the instructor.
Mirrors line one wall.
Mirrors line the walls in addition to the sprung floors and rehearsal bars.
Mirrors locate on the front face against nylon washers and are held by two nylon fittings.
Mirrors made to size are always very popular.
Mirrors make a room seem larger then it really is.
Mirrors make great toys.
Mirrors multiply the dazzling effect.
Mirrors mysteriously transform the size of the room.
Mirrors never lie, they say.
Mirrors occur in fish scales, butterfly wings, and in eye designs in various forms of life.
Mirrors only have to be smoother than the light wavelength, so radio dishes can be quite rough.
Mirrors paradise Aggressive music for either feeling aggressive or depressed.
Mirrors placed in different arrangements produce dramatically different images.
Mirrors placed in the right area can increase the feeling of space.
Mirrors pop up in almost every scene.
Mirrors pop up in more than one place.
Mirrors present a whole new cavalcade of scientific challenges.
Mirrors Presents a selection of the best educational content available on the Web.
Mirrors preserve the phase of reflected light.
Mirrors provide additional light and the illusion of space to a shady garden setting.
Mirrors reflect bad sha and circulate good ch'i.
Mirrors reflect images and the polygonal figures move very well.
Mirrors reflect light.
Mirrors reflect spells.
Mirrors reflect the morbid consciousness of the Ballerina.
Mirrors require periodic alignment which can be complicated and time consuming for a novice.
Mirrors reverse one dimension at a time.
Mirrors rotate around the entrance optical axis.
Mirrors rotate to create multiple beams that scan across the floor.
Mirrors seem to have been common items of commerce during the Middle Ages.
Mirrors show our reflections, but backwards.
Mirrors spread the load for more popular sites.
Mirrors Syndicate our content through the appwatch.rdf or appwatch.txt files.
Mirrors Transform the egg into a baby-chick.
Mirrors vary slightly in design.
Mirrors work by reflecting light.
Mirrors always reflect laser beams at right angles.
Mirrors often are difficult to get close to, especially for people who use a wheelchair.
All mirrors are in place and aligned.
All mirrors are magic mirrors.
All mirrors are of pyrex glass.
All mirrors are ready to hang.
All mirrors are, to a certain extent, linked, and get or give services from or to other mirrors.
All mirrors fail such a harsh inspection.
All mirrors feature our exclusive stainless steel pivot that rides in a unique nylon bushing.
All mirrors reflect the same view.
All mirrors stand upright with either the mirroring surface or the image side displayed.
Many mirrors are too, indeed.
Most mirrors are made of glass.
Most mirrors bend light.
Most mirrors capture light.
Most mirrors create images.
Most mirrors have symmetry.
Some mirrors appear to be very much out of date.
Some mirrors are available for downloading.
Some mirrors create beams.
Some mirrors create laser beams.
Some mirrors create red beams.
Some mirrors create red laser beams.
Some mirrors display fancy etching or engraving.
Some mirrors have defects.
Some mirrors have holders.
Some mirrors have major defects.
Mirrored ceilings can be another way to create drama and add illusionary levels.
Mirrored characters have no real depth.
Mirrored copies are usually older than the official updated version.
Mirrored display stands, stark and rectangular, present a few related items.
Mirrored doors conceal a drop down bed and storage area.
Mirrored furniture is a hot retro look that adds glamour to an interior.
Mirrored lenses reflect light and are good for water and snow sports.
Mirrored reflections demonstrate how light travels, and how our eyes can be fooled.
Mirrored sites provide highly reliable access and availability to a rapidly growing user base.
Mirrored systems require at least two drives, higher .RAID levels require more than two.
Mirrored tint is illegal.
Mirrored walls reflect the black granite vanity and oversized shower.
Mirrored windows provide privacy at active beach location.
Mirroreds are albums.
A mirth is happiness
Mirth can be a powerful experience for eliminating unhealthy feelings.
Mirth fills the room.
Mirth is a formal or literary term meaning fun and enjoyment as shown by laughter.
Mirth is better than fun, and happiness is better than mirth.
Mirth is necessary to wisdom, to comfort, above all to happiness.
Mirth is reverence.
Mirth is the sweet wine of human life.
Mirth outpaces the courtside action, but large doses of both keep the film chugging along.
Mirthful laughter is a particular experience within the paratelic state.
MIRV grenades have more sub-munitions and pipe jumping is very possible.
Misadventure paiute locator prankster percentile retiree mosaicist southeastward .
Misaligned bones cause run -over heels.
Misaligned data is handled explicitly with the data manipulation instructions.
Misaligned rotors reduce turbine output and increase the risk of breakdown.
Misaligned teeth can result in pain that worsens over time, rather than subsiding.
Misaligned valves can cause some notes to sound sharp, thin, or non-resonant.
Misalignment increases drive noise level and also increases chain and sprocket wear.
A misanthrope is a person
Misanthropes tend to be for involuntary human extinction.
Many misanthropes are labeled as hermits and loners .
Many misanthropes are labeled as hermits and loners.
Misappropriation of assets accounts for four out of five reported crimes against business.
Misappropriation of funds exists.
Misappropriation consists only of the improper disclosure or acquisition of the trade secret.
Misappropriation involves the taking of a property right.
Misappropriation is a borrowing
Misawa student receives national recognition.
Misbehaviour is an activity
Most misbehaviour is merely inappropriate for the time and place.
All misbranded product is under recall.
Misc things are always good.
Miscarriages of justice are too common in today's America.
Miscarriage risk increases with amount of coffee consumed.
Miscarriage also occurs more frequently with increased maternal age in fertile women.
Miscarriage becomes inevitable if the bleeding and cramping continue and the cervix begins to open.
Miscarriage can be devastating, even in the case of an unexpected pregnancy.
Miscarriage can occur at any time during the childbearing years.
Miscarriage following infertility treatment tends to complicate the process even more.
Miscarriage is a bitter pill to swallow, but things happen for a reason.
Miscarriage is a common complication of pregnancy.
Miscarriage is a common occurrence.
Miscarriage is a devastating situation that is only made worse by unecessary guilt.
Miscarriage is a devastating situation that is only made worse by unnecessary guilt.
Miscarriage is a loss, regardless of when it occurs, whether it happens once or recurrently.
Miscarriage is a natural body reaction.
Miscarriage is a newly explored trauma as it has only been recognized recently.
Miscarriage is a surprisingly frequent aspect of many couples' journey to parenthood.
Miscarriage is a terrible thing for any parent to go through.
Miscarriage is a very difficult event to deal with.
Miscarriage is a very emotional experience.
Miscarriage is an abortion
Miscarriage is an emotionally difficult event to all.
Miscarriage is diseases.
Miscarriage is extremely common, yet still a very traumatic experience.
Miscarriage is failure.
Miscarriage is far commoner than realised.
Miscarriage is far more common than most women realize.
Miscarriage is harder to measure epidemiologically and has many causes.
Miscarriage is many deaths.
Miscarriage is never easy.
Miscarriage is now very unlikely.
Miscarriage is synonymous with abortion.
Miscarriage is the body's natural response to a pregnancy in trouble.
Miscarriage is the most common complication of early pregnancy .
Miscarriage is the most common complication of pregnancy.
Miscarriage is the term popularly used for the accidental loss of the products of conception.
Miscarriage is usually a single occurrence, and often followed by successful pregnancy.
Miscarriage occurs at approximately a three times greater rate with multiple fetuses.
Miscarriage occurs in the first six months of the pregnancy.
Miscarriage poses a very high risk for depression, particularly in the first month after the loss.
Miscarriage soon follows.
Miscarriages are a natural mechanism that protects against abnormal embryonic development.
Miscarriages are alarmingly frequent.
Miscarriages are also common among women who get rubella while they are pregnant.
Miscarriages are also more common among cocaine users.
Miscarriages are amazingly common.
Miscarriages are an unexplained thing.
Miscarriages are brutal and sad.
Miscarriages are common.
Miscarriages are extremely common and are nearly impossible to trace to any one factor.
Miscarriages are extremely common.
Miscarriages are fairly common.
Miscarriages are much less common in the third trimester.
Miscarriages are never intentional.
Miscarriages are unfortunately very common.
Miscarriages become more common.
Miscarriages can feel like an indictment of our very womanhood.
Miscarriages generally take place in the first two trimesters.
Miscarriages happen to at least one of every five pregnant women.
Miscarriages normally occur after the mother's body's accommodations have started to break down.
Any miscarriage is a loss, often seemingly unacknowledged by the outside world.
Most miscarriages are due to a problem with egg quality.
Most miscarriages are due to the fetus itself being an abnormal one.
Most miscarriages go unnoticed because they occur so early in pregnancy.
Most miscarriages occur during the first three months of pregnancy.
Most miscarriages occur during the first trimester.
Most miscarriages occur in the first three months of pregnancy.
Most miscarriages occur in the first trimester for women of all ages.
Most miscarriages occur in the first trimester.
Most miscarriages occur very early .
Most miscarriages occur very early.
Most miscarriages occur within the first eight weeks after the last menstrual period.
Some miscarriages occur when the cervix is weak and opens too early.
Some miscarriages occur without the knowledge of the prospective mother.
Miscarried babies are able to appear as babies in the afterlife.
A miscegenation is procreation
Miscegenation appears to have been a popular activity of all men throughout all ages.
Miscegenation is the only hope the film has to offer.
Miscegenation leads to mixed marriages and mixed marriages lead to mongrelization of the human race.
Miscegenations are reproduction.
Miscellanea is a collection
Miscellanea There is a wisdom of the body that our minds tend to ignore.
Miscellanea Writing a musical is a challenging yet rewarding experience.
Miscellaneous activities Have the child lie down on a piece of butcher paper.
Miscellaneous advice Bring light clothing, including shorts and swimwear.
Miscellaneous Archives ca.
Miscellaneous areas have essentially no soil and support little or no vegetation.
Miscellaneous books aboout Iceland.
Miscellaneous bug fixes and platform updates.
Miscellaneous bug fixes involving category and private functions.
Miscellaneous bug fixes, cleanups, etc.
Miscellaneous bug fixes, enhancements and preparation for multi-user network version.
Miscellaneous bug fixes.
Miscellaneous bugs fixes and documentation cleanups.
Miscellaneous bugs fixes.
Miscellaneous characters smoke in several scenes.
Miscellaneous Closing Welcome Back issues are available here .
Miscellaneous command are sometimes useful.
Miscellaneous commands have operation codes only.
Miscellaneous comments go here.
Miscellaneous contributions welcome, as long as they're relevant.
Miscellaneous correspondence follows, in chronological order.
Miscellaneous correspondence is arranged by date.
Miscellaneous correspondence is grouped last.
Miscellaneous deductions supporting the generation of income are also phony preferences.
Miscellaneous devices Identify and describe various other devices used in motor control circuits.
Miscellaneous disorders Know the causes and signs of hydronephrosis.
Miscellaneous Effects -Can cause significant nausea and vomiting even in small doses.
Miscellaneous expenses vary with each student's lifestyle.
Miscellaneous fees vary depending on the course of enrolment.
Some miscellaneous fees are non-refundable.
Miscellaneous files ca.
Miscellaneous funds comprise the small remaining amount.
Miscellaneous income is from interest earned, impact fees, property leases and sales, etc.
Miscellaneous indexes ca.
Miscellaneous information follows the backcountry sites list.
Miscellaneous information includes federal tax liability and total compensation amounts.
Miscellaneous information is available here.
Miscellaneous items are at the bottom.
Miscellaneous items can be the most important and the easiest to forget.
Miscellaneous links Check out an extensive Spanish language list of windmill links .
Miscellaneous Links Play on-line role playing games in real time, and best of all it's free.
Miscellaneous Material Ca.
Miscellaneous material includes radio programmes, lectures and poetry readings.
Miscellaneous materials ca.
Miscellaneous messages go in the upper left.
Miscellaneous microphone stands, cables, DI boxes, etc.
Miscellaneous organizers expenses, including secretarial support.
Miscellaneous papers are all other submissions.
Miscellaneous papers ca.
Miscellaneous parts fill about two dozen boxes lining the side of the hangar.
Some miscellaneous parts are still available.
Miscellaneous payments are adjustments or additions to the employee regular wages.
Miscellaneous People Click on an image to enlarge it.
Miscellaneous people drink in a club.
Miscellaneous people drink.
Some miscellaneous people drink at a dogfight.
Some miscellaneous people drink beer.
Some miscellaneous people drink in a bar.
Miscellaneous photos Click on any image for a larger view .
Some miscellaneous photos are now on the web site on the photos page.
Miscellaneous Prices are subject to change without notice.
Miscellaneous Prices are subject to change.
Miscellaneous process vents .
Many miscellaneous properties are of interest for specific applications.
Some miscellaneous record exists for most stations before the period of record.
Miscellaneous reports follow.
Miscellaneous Reports Go to . . .
Miscellaneous requests click here.
Miscellaneous revenue includes money from rentals, interest earned, contributions, etc.
Miscellaneous revenues supplement sales and income taxes.
Miscellaneous rides are here or here .
Miscellaneous services are taxable on the same basis as computer-related services.
Miscellaneous signs indicate that the area is used by local hunting club.
Miscellaneous Structures Click the picture for closeup views and construction information.
Miscellaneous Students appreciate the availability of slides and handouts.
Miscellaneous Students are responsible for transportation to all work experiences.
Miscellaneous style Use a simple, direct style.
Miscellaneous Supplies Click on an item to see a picture and description.
Miscellaneous tapes are of varying quality.
Miscellaneous text fixes.
Some miscellaneous thugs drink.
Miscellaneous Tidbits Call Schedules Call in our department is handled in a unique way.
Miscellaneous Tips Have nametags and pens available.
Miscellaneous transactions require additional information relating to the nature of the disposal.
Miscellaneous typo fixes.
Miscellaneous volumes ca.
Miscellaneous world atlases.
Miscellanious fees incurred by the town are additional.
Miscellanous information is in the Other section.
A miscellany is an anthology
Miscellany Make non-leaf classes abstract.
Many miscelleneous bug fixes.
Mischief is an activity
Mischief isa activity.
Mischief ranges from talking back to parents to setting the house on fire.
Much mischief is done in the world with very little interest or design.
Mischievous angels painted on the walls are satires on the baroque.
Mischievous behavior appears to have been a family trait.
Many mischievous insects are daily at work to make men of merit smpiamus of each other.
Mischievous lizards stand out boldly as they wiggle their way across a pristine surface.
Miscible liquids are separated based on boiling point.
Misclassified workers lose major benefits and protections, both financial and otherwise.
Misconception comes from facts.
Misconception comes from ideas.
Misconception is an idea
Misconception is ideas.
Misconception isa idea.
Misconception isa thought.
Misconception leads to consequences.
Misconception leads to term consequences.
Misconceptions abound about summer camp and what goes into choosing the best one for each child.
Misconceptions abound about the field.
Misconceptions abound as to the capacity of children to enter contracts and to enforce their rights.
Misconceptions abound in our world relative to the basic nature of man.
Misconceptions abound over the care of silver.
Misconceptions abound regarding allergy to food additives and preservatives.
Misconceptions abound regarding young men and women.
Misconceptions abound, but accurate and interesting information is available.
Misconceptions also abound about community-college faculty members.
Misconceptions also abound around love spells.
Misconceptions also reduce patient participation in clinical trials.
Misconceptions appear to exist both about and among the study populations.
Misconceptions are a problem for two reasons.
Misconceptions are also a matter for public attitude change and professional training.
Misconceptions are certainly widespread.
Misconceptions are difficult to replace.
Misconceptions are unnecessary, and there are factual errors and misconceptions on both sides.
Misconceptions can arise, too, when two or more learned concepts get mixed up with one another.
Misconceptions can be a useful educational tool.
Misconceptions can occur.
Misconceptions can undermine the best intentions of a parent.
Misconceptions destroy the unity of the church.
Misconceptions exist about the cost of preserving open space.
Misconceptions exist in all the science areas.
Misconceptions exist regarding on-line participation.
Misconceptions regarding it arise when applied into a dwelling or structure in the wrong way.
Misconceptions often arise, causing learners to become discouraged and disinterested.
Many misconceptions abound as to the significance of the sunseting of the law.
Many misconceptions exist about asylum seekers.
Many misconceptions exist about electronic organs.
Many misconceptions exist about the institution of slavery in North Georgia.
Many misconceptions exist about what can happen during the final days and weeks of a person s life.
Many misconceptions exist about what impism is and what it is to be an imp.
Many misconceptions exist regarding older siblings' reactions to such changes.
Many misconceptions persist about even relatively well-publicised environmental problems.
Many misconceptions still exist and are even perpetrated by some mental health professionals.
Many misconceptions surround competitive benchmarking.
Many misconceptions surround holistic health care.
Many misconceptions surround the subject of ringworm.
Most misconception comes from facts.
Most misconception comes from ideas.
Most misconception leads to consequences.
Most misconception leads to term consequences.
Some misconception affects aspects.
Some misconception includes strikes.
Some misconception leads to truth.
Some misconception provides benefits.
Some misconception provides little real benefits.
Some misconception provides real benefits.
Some misconception relates to college students.
Some misconception relates to evolution.
Some misconception relates to students.
Some misconceptions exist regarding glaucoma.
Misconduct is management
Misconducts result from unsportsmanlike behavior or when a player commits a second major in a game.
Misconfigured firewalls can be the perfect security filter where nothing gets in or out.
Misconfigured routers can cause severe problems for all users on a network segment.
A miscreant is an offender
Miscreants can hide behind E-mail accounts and false names and addresses.
Miscreants scheme to epic backdrop.
Miscreants transfer whole zones of data from name servers to plot their next targets.
Miscue analysis focuses observation on the extent of a reader's use of cues to make sense of text.
Miscue analysis gives teachers an excellent view into the reading processes of an individual reader.
Miscue analysis is a means of observing and evaluating a person's oral reading.
Misdemeanor assaults are one of the most common crimes in the county.
A misdemeanor is crime
Misdemeanors are aggravated misdemeanors, serious misdemeanors, or simple misdemeanors.
Misdemeanors are crime.
Misdemeanors are crimes generally punishable by less than one year's imprisonment.
Misdemeanors are crimes punishable by less than one year, usually in a county jail.
Misdemeanors are just as much against the law as felonies.
Misdemeanors are less serious crimes that still can lead to imprisonment for up to one year.
Misdemeanors are less serious crimes.
Misdemeanors are less serious offenses which are normally nor punishable by prison sentence.
Misdemeanors are less serious offenses, although they are still against the law.
Misdemeanors are less serious than felonies.
Misdemeanors are less-serious crimes.
Misdemeanors are lower level crimes such as assault or traffic crimes.
Misdemeanors are minor legal violations, while felonies are more serious criminal offenses.
Misdemeanors are more complex now than ever before and require more time than in the past.
Misdemeanors are normally punishable by a fine or a jail sentence of less than a year.
Misdemeanors are offenses punishable by a sentence of one year or less.
Misdemeanors are offenses that have a penalty that can include up to one year in jail.
Misdemeanors are the only cases heard by youth peer juries.
Misdemeanors can result in punishments of up to a year in jail and thousands of dollars in fines.
Misdemeanors carry sentences less than a year, felonies, more than a year.
Misdemeanors have juries of six persons, while felonies have twelve.
Misdemeanors remain in municipal court through trial.
Some misdemeanors are only eli-gible for a bench trial before a judge.
Some misdemeanors are punishable by only a fine.
Misdemeanour is crime
Misdemeanours are less serious offences which can lead to imprisonment for up to three months.
Misdemeanours make life.
Any misdemeanours have to be reported to the public prosecutor.
Misdescriptive marks are equally weak.
Misdirected light is useless and wasteful.
Misdirected mail costs money and customers.
Misdirection is also very important in magic.
Misdirection is commissions.
Misdirection is direction.
Misdirection is management
Misdirection is to direct audience eyes and minds to one place or trail.
Misdirections prides itself on being a family-owned business with experience and service.
A miser is a hoarder
Miser experience a plus for all positions.
Misers are hard to live with but they make great ancestors.
Misers are hoarders.
Misers are no fun to live with, but they make great ancestors.
Misers are play.
Misers don t go to restaurants.
Misers make wonderful ancestors.
Misers totally obliterate the Vikings.
Miserable animals are often aggressive.
Miserable comforters are they all.
Miserable comforters are ye all.
Miserable diversity permits a dogma with a single interpretation.
Some miserable people die young but live old.
Many miserable souls wake up with no recollection of what they did the night before.
Miserly alumni giving is another.
Miserly crows are said to be able to count thirty and to drill and talk to their young.
Misery Bay is a popular fishing spot.
Miseries are the unavoidable portion of fallen man.
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows.
Misery acquaints men with strange bedfellows.
Misery beats loneliness.
Misery can get a little relief from knowing it has company.
Misery clearly does love company.
Misery desires companies.
Misery does enjoy company.
Misery does love company.
Misery follows misery.
Misery generally makes some pretty good creative company.
Misery has a name.
Misery has enough company already.
Misery indeed loves company.
Misery inwardly ceases.
Misery is a certain shriveller.
Misery is a choice, an addictive, deadly choice, but the only choice spiritually blind ones can see.
Misery is a choice.
Misery is a potent emotion in both fiction and film.
Misery is a state of mind, our response to situations.
Misery is always wrong.
Misery is an option.
Misery is books.
Misery is due to the perception of objects.
Misery is everywhere but the sun was shining today.
Misery is flexible.
Misery is fun.
Misery is grief.
Misery is hardship
Misery is in fact the sole real property of the unhappy public.
Misery is inevitable.
Misery is located in jails.
Misery is madness.
Misery is miserable enough without an announcement about it.
Misery is movies.
Misery is negative victory points.
Misery is often the parent of the most affecting touches in poetry.
Misery is optional.
Misery is place no one wants to dwell in.
Misery is read on the faces, in clothing, the absence of dental care, damaged hands.
Misery is sadness.
Misery is sadness.
Misery is the flip side of the same coin.
Misery is the hankering after sense-pleasures.
Misery is the only violence.
Misery is too much work.
Misery is universal.
Misery is why do little boys and girls have to eat from the garbage.
Misery knows no bounds in Afghanistan.
Misery leaves scant room for sovereignty.
Misery likes company.
Misery loves companions.
Misery loves company - and finds it, in support groups created on the Internet by fellow sufferers.
Misery loves company . .
Misery loves company after all.
Misery loves company and everybody loves money.
Misery loves company and hiking while soaking wet is a great way to get to know people.
Misery loves company and that is a shame.
Misery loves company, after all, and so does stupidity.
Misery loves company, and it appears that there are a lot of intranet web folks in the same boat.
Misery loves company, and there's plenty of it for the jobless.
Misery loves company, as they say.
Misery loves company, but happiness throws parties.
Misery loves company, but it is still hell, and it is still delusional.
Misery loves company, especially when the company brings over a twelve-pack.
Misery loves company, even twenty years later.
Misery loves company, so does joy.
Misery loves company, so teaming up with some one to train abs is a perfect solution.
Misery loves company.
Misery lurks beneath happiness.
Misery needs no company.
Misery only loves company among countrymen.
Misery really does love company .
Misery really does love company.
Misery reigns on Earth from the weakness in the skies carried by the fearful souls below.
Misery seeks company .
Misery seeks company and they have begun to find it.
Misery seems to be piling on at the Indian bourses.
Much misery comes from the futile longing for a life without challenge or strife.
A misfeasance is an activity
Misfeasance is defined as improperly doing an act which the official is otherwise authorized to do.
Misfiled records can be difficult to locate.
A misfire is failure
Misfires are common in extremely cold weather.
A misfit is a person
Misfits archives Misfits.
Misfits are especially welcome.
Misfits are generally easy to solve once they are identified.
Misfits are people.
Misfits confront a Seattle serial killer.
Misfits is a zany parade of bizarre characters and offbeat situations.
Misfits look ahead for a better week next week against the bottom team in the league, the Yahoos.
Misfits make the best heroes.
Misfits struggle through a hostile alien jungle on a survey mission.
Misfolded proteins are usually insoluble and useless to a cell.
Misfortune is fortune.
Misfortune is situations.
Misfortune is trouble
Misfortune is trouble.
Misfortune isa happening.
Misfortune isa occurrence.
Misfortune now is play, And night is bright as day.
Misfortunes are progressively greater if the index gets lower and lower negative value.
Misfortunes experienced by our country negatively influence Bible work.
Misfortunes flow around the dreamers.
Misfortunes hasten age.
Misfortunes have an expiatory and purificatory effect.
Misfortunes have their life and their limits, their sickness and their health.
Misfortunes never come alone.
Misfortunes occur only when a man is false. . . .
Misfortunes test the soul.
Misfortunes always come in threes.
All misfortune holds the seed of fortune.
Any misfortunes are tragic for any athlete.
Most misfortunes are the result of lack of ability, ignorance, laziness, or all three.
A misgiving is anxiety
Misgivings also remain about the cost of the emergency credits.
Misguided censorship driven by faulty software is nothing new.
Misguided enthusiasts can be as menacing as non-believers.
Misguided goals lead to insensitivity to the needs of the individuals.
Misguided perceptions abound concerning China's potential as a market.
Misguided sincerity is one of the most dangerous things in the world.
Some misguided soul nails blue can to a canvas, calls the damned thing art.
Misguided students are ill-prepared to obtain an academic degree.
Misguided tactics damage a good cause.
Mishap is films.
Mishap is misfortune
Mishap is misfortune.
Mishap isa fortune.
Mishap reports and investigations.
Mishaps are a part of hunting.
Mishaps are a statistical certainty.
Mishaps are likely.
Mishaps are rare.
Mishaps can happen and they can be very costly.
Mishaps can occur with even the most reliable movers.
Mishaps come with the territory.
Mishaps always occur.
Any mishap takes minutes to fix.
Most mishaps occur at home.
Most mishaps take place outside the bus.
Misidentified gulls are common on lists from pelagic trips as well.
Misimprinted birds mate according to song type rather than morphology.
Misinformation adds a level of confusion that is an annoyance at best and deadly at worst.
Misinformation also abounds.
Misinformation are common tactics used to sell and promote products.
Misinformation can be a major cause for alarm.
Misinformation can be intentional or unintentional.
Misinformation can be worse than no information.
Misinformation can cause greater problems.
Misinformation can create more harm than good.
Misinformation can hurt students.
Misinformation can result in l ost opportunities.
Misinformation clouds the issue for many.
Misinformation continues to swirl around the whale hunt.
Misinformation contributes to misunderstanding.
Misinformation denies older relatives the chance to provide support when it is needed.
Misinformation harms the community and the readers who consume it by fostering ignorance.
Misinformation has a long life.
Misinformation is a leading cause of the stigma associated with mental illness.
Misinformation is a rewarding art.
Misinformation is a truth told as a lie or a fiction.
Misinformation is abundant, emotions are raw, and children are paying the price.
Misinformation is an Ottawa art.
Misinformation is another peril to consider.
Misinformation is as dangerous as no information.
Misinformation is factually wrong.
Misinformation is hard to critic or correct.
Misinformation is information
Misinformation is information.
Misinformation is like a magician's sleight of hand trick.
Misinformation is often very stubborn and reconstruction is very difficult.
Misinformation is one thing, but technically incorrect misinformation is another.
Misinformation is out there, just as misinformation is in any other kind of media.
Misinformation is perhaps the most difficult information lookalike to diagnose.
Misinformation is power.
Misinformation is rife.
Misinformation is the basis of hate.
Misinformation is the norm, even for most of the name-brand vendors.
Misinformation is to no one's benefit.
Misinformation is worse than no information.
Misinformation is worse than non-information or superficial information .
Misinformation isa information.
Misinformation leads to poor decision-making.
Misinformation leads to problems.
Misinformation makes for misreporting and for ineffective politics.
Misinformation regarding mixed classes does exist.
Misinformation results in fear and irrational behavior.
Misinformation spreads quickly.
Misinformation always seems to drive up prices.
Most misinformation leads to problems.
Much misinformation exists as to the myth of the problems of the addict.
Some misinformation is given by friends.
Misinformed governments make bad laws .
Misinformed objections are a different story.
Most misinformed people fear change.
A misinterpretation is an interpretation
Misinterpretation can cause the loss of a client.
Misinterpretation can have disastrous consequences.
Misinterpretation is all too easy.
Misinterpretation is also a common problem.
Misinterpretation is covered up with humour, distractions and assumptions.
Misinterpretation is the most dealy of human sins.
Misinterpretation is truely a bitch.
Misinterpretation needs to be avoided.
Misinterpretations are interpretations.
Misinterpretations automatically class persons as exemplary icons of discontented wishful believers.
Misinterpretations bonding with premature conclusions Only combine to form misunderstandings.
Miskito towns dot the northern coast.
Most misleading information is uncovered during reference checks.
Misleading rhetoric is routine.
Misleading titles are extremely frustrating.
Mismanged anger poses a threat to recovery for the newcomer and the oldtimer.
Mismatch negativity indicates vowel discrimination in newborns.
Mismatch repair is the process for fixing mistakes during replication.
Mismatch repair occurs soon after the DNA is replicated.
A mismatch is a counterpart
Mismatches are common and a general lack of polish and experience are evident in many bouts.
Mismatches can lead to significant problems and frustration.
Mismatches delay processing including payment of tax refunds.
Mismatches lead to the automatic detection of new devices.
Mismatches often occur between adult learners and the programs in which they choose to enroll.
Any mismatch is cause for concern.
Mismatched files are one of the most common cause of cluster problems.
Mismatched operation loses the damping of helicity correlated motion.
Mismatched paint is a sign the boat has been in an accident.
Some mismatched properties have great potential.
Mismatched weapons sparring is another excellent method.
A misnomer is a name
Misnomers fly when discussing Western tea rituals.
A misogynism is hatred
Misogynism is alive and well in senior high school.
Misogynistic rhetoric is prevalent online and has grown rhetorically more aggressive.
Misoprostal dosage varies based on pill strength.
Misplaced books cause others a great inconvinience.
Misplaced buoys cause the ship to run aground and sink.
Misplaced entries appear at the end of the book.
Misplaced forms can create havoc.
Misplaced graphics keep changing where they are misplaced.
Misplaced guilt is a downer.
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races.
Misplaced loyalty is a primary culprit.
A misplaced modifier is a modifier
Misplaced modifiers are in italics.
Misplaced modifiers are very common.
Misplaced modifiers can lead to misunderstandings - some of which are unintentionally humorous.
Misplaced monitors can bring on eyestrain and stiff necks.
Misplaced nostalgia brings TV 'toon to the big screen.
Misplaced outrage is a function of a distorted reality.
Misplaced professionalism is an enduring, ineradicable temptation.
Misplaced trust is formed in the human heart.
A misprint is a mistake
Misprints also seem to appear often.
Misprints are errors.
Misprints are laudably few.
Misprints are one danger - few magazines send out proofs.
Any misprints are unintentional.
A mispronunciation is pronunciation
Mispronunciation is one of the most common causes of misspelling.
Mispronunciations interfere with the listener's understanding of the message.
Misquotation is a quotation
Misquotation is quotations.
Misquotation is. . .
Misquotations are the only quotations that are never misquoted.
Misquoted scientists respond.
Misrepresentation allows rescission.
Misrepresentation allows the other party to rescind in some circumstances.
Misrepresentation can also be illegal.
Misrepresentation can be intentional or unintentional.
Misrepresentation can indeed hurt our credibility.
Misrepresentation can lead to disqualification.
Misrepresentation can result in loss of customers and, therefore.
Misrepresentation causes monetary loss as a result of a recipient's action or inaction.
Misrepresentation comes in many forms.
Misrepresentation constitutes falsification of application.
Misrepresentation is a state law claim.
Misrepresentation is a violation of the law.
Misrepresentation is by far the lawsuit that members face the most.
Misrepresentation is distortion.
Misrepresentation is falsehood.
Misrepresentation is one form of impersonation .
Misrepresentation is self-defeating.
Misrepresentation is taboo .
Misrepresentation is untruth
Misrepresentation means no valid contract and no protection from suits.
Misrepresentation requires too much work.
Misrepresentation undermines the school's integrity.
Misrepresentations also apply to attorneys.
Misrepresentations can also occur by failure to act.
Misrepresentations concerning coverage are common and claims handling practices vary widely.
Misrepresentations lead to misunderstandings and deficient policy prescriptions.
Misrepresentation often occurs in the visual display of information.
Any misrepresentation is considered fraud.
Any misrepresentation is purely unintentional.
Any misrepresentation subjects the registration to cancellation.
Miss values use similar techniques.
Miss values use techniques.
Most miss values use similar techniques.
Most miss values use techniques.
A miss is a woman
Miss isa happening.
Miss isa occurrence.
Misses are actions.
Misses are bands.
Misses are costly.
Misses are failure.
Misses are titles.
Misses drop under pressure.
Misses occur at the beginning and at the end of iteration doubling number of misses.
Misses result in a try being taken away.
Every miss introduces a delay, or latency, as the processor tries a slower level.
More misses hit hard when several tie at the same height.
Missed opportunities are self explanatory.
Missed sessions are missed sessions.
Missed sessions have to be made up during one of the other lab sessions.
Missed words show up as pop quizzes later.
Missense mutations alter the amino acid sequence.
Missiar marriage reduces marriage down to just the act of having sex.
Missile attacks phase.
Missile attacks strike the front row of the opposing force.
Missile badge is centered on the left coat pocket.
Missile defence is a direct response to the ever-increasing threat posed by missile proliferation.
Missile defence is a totem for the American right, even after the end of the cold war.
Missile defence poses a direct threat to Canadian security.
Missile defences jeopardize both.
Missile defense can work.
Missile defense goes global .
Missile defense is a great idea.
Missile defense is a last ditch answer to an unlikely threat.
Missile defense is a moral imperative.
Missile defense is a tough issue.
Missile defense is a waste of money, creates enemies.
Missile defense is an absolute imperative for our countries today.
Missile defense is an absolute imperative for our country today.
Missile defense is an urgent national priority.
Missile defense is another sticking point.
Missile defense is easy for people to understand.
Missile defense is just the latest.
Missile defense is likely to be a central issue.
Missile defense is needed now.
Missile defense is no new idea.
Missile defense is now a national necessity, and an inevitability.
Missile defense is rocket science.
Missile defense is the most politically charged national security topic.
Missile defense is very popular, too.
Missile defense remains a mirage.
Missile defense seems to be a substitute for diplomacy and real peacekeeping efforts.
Missile defense sounds great, but it's a fool's paradise.
Missile defenses are a logical adjunct to our traditional policy.
Missile defenses encourage offensive force increases.
Missile defenses have to be highly reliable to be effective.
Some missile defenses are easier to make succeed than others.
Missile guidance is initially by area correlation around the target, then by centroid tracking.
Missile guidance is provided by an inertial navigation system, supported by stellar navigation.
Missile launcher works fine.
Missile locks become much more effective underwater and in low gravity levels.
Missile tanks have moderate attack and defense with moderate range and low speed.
Missile tests prove ability.
Missile turrets are the pilots nightmare.
Missile weapon does the same for missile attacks.
Missile weapons are unknown.
Missile weapons calculate their aspect's impact differently, and are based on range.
A missile is a rocket
A missile is a weapon
Missile firing submarines are in use tonight.
Missile hits Japanese equipment in Utah.
Missile initially draws the objects pointing east.
Missile intercept tests as soon as possible against longer-range missiles.
Missile isa rocket.
Missile isa weapon.
Missile stays near or at the front.
Missile targeting also depends on the platforms from which they are launched.
Missiles are a major threat to life.
Missiles are also less expensive to maintain and operate than aircraft.
Missiles are another weapon that can be fired while either cloaked or just too far away to be seen.
Missiles are at the centre of China's ambitious military modernisation.
Missiles are back in style.
Missiles are bombs.
Missiles are control of the air-lanes.
Missiles are definitely on the world market.
Missiles are especially nasty on the straight and narrow.
Missiles are first of all a deterrent.
Missiles are important.
Missiles are launched.
Missiles are located in war.
Missiles are rockets.
Missiles are the only viable military threat for Japan.
Missiles are used in war to destroy military targets .
Missiles are used in war to destroy military targets.
Missiles are usually on square tips.
Missiles are weapons.
Missiles attack the station from every direction.
Missiles behave exactly according to their descriptions.
Missiles carry nuclear weapons.
Missiles carry weapons.
Missiles come factory packed in containers which are loaded directly onto the launcher.
Missiles enable a hostile country to attack from a great distance.
Missiles explode when they hit the target and their blast is also effective against enemies.
Missiles fire away with authority and make good impact fx.
Missiles fly off in flocks, leaving smoky trails as they go.
Missiles fly, bombs fall.
Missiles have (part) power trains.
Missiles have (part) rocket engines.
Missiles have (part) sections.
Missiles have a lock circle that starts out large and decreases in size as the lock firms up.
Missiles heavily damage four of the five barracks.
Missiles leave a trail but covert means avoid retaliation .
Missiles mean aggression.
Missiles move much faster horizontally than vertically.
Missiles rely on targeting information provided by satellites.
Missiles shoot upward from surface vehicles and downward from flying vehicles.
Missiles work better in larger arenas because they can track without hitting a wall.
Missiles work in a similar manner.
All missiles cease.
Most missiles carry nuclear weapons.
Most missiles carry weapons.
Most missing adults are people who just left.
Most missing items arise from borrowers forgetting to return stock to the library after use.
Mission Bay has extensive, free parking lots, particularly adjacent to most of the swimming beaches.
Mission Bay is a case in point.
Mission Bay is already too polluted to support it's designated and existing uses.
Mission Bay is located just south of Pacific Beach and east of Mission Beach.
Mission Bay is to the left.
Mission Bay offers outstanding value in both of our distinctive Flathead Lake communities.
Mission Bay represents a sea change.
Mission Beach feels like a resort with nice sandy beaches and busy boardwalks on both sides.
Mission Beach is a good place to see the cassowary, an endangered flightless bird.
Mission Beach is also good for surfing, swimming, boogie boarding and people watching.
Mission Beach is for the younger generation.
Mission Beach offers top -quality tourist attractions.
Mission control sends another command in the same manner.
Mission control supports the New England dance culture with up to the minute info.
Mission Creek has pesticides from farming.
Mission Creek is a walking park that was built several years ago.
Mission creep is mission death.
Mission doctors are concerned with healing, though of course they work to cure the body also.
Some mission fields are close home and are less costly to visit.
Mission furniture is bound by straight lines.
Mission grass is a large, tough, perennial, bunched grass.
Mission organizations are always happy to talk with parents and answer questions.
Mission organizations sponsor our workshops in various locations in the U.S. and other countries.
Many mission organizations are at a crossroads.
Mission Praise is a very mixed bag.
Mission Ridge appears to be rapidly lifting along the Mission fault.
Mission schools play an important role in education and are partly subsidized by the government.
Mission specialists are often more skilled than their secular counterparts.
Mission specialists fly four hours each month.
Mission specialists follow the flight on their monitors.
Mission specialists perform on-board experiments, space walks, and handle the payload.
Mission specialists work with pilots to maintain spacecraft and the equipment aboard.
Mission statement addresses customer satisfaction as top priority.
Mission statement changes, if any.
Mission statement is modified when necessary.
Mission statement is posted and practiced.
Mission statement needs to be short and simple.
Mission statement Promote clean air, safety and mobility through transit.
Mission statement sets out the organization's basic purpose for being.
Mission statements are also very personal and unique.
Mission statements are always in draft form.
Mission statements are an important consideration in approving budgets.
Mission statements are deliberately broad and all-encompassing.
Mission statements are like directional arrows.
Mission statements are like goals, ready for revision when necessary.
Mission statements are multifarious euphemisms for lack of focus.
Mission statements are subject to regular review, and sometimes they are changed or modified.
Mission statements are totally boring.
Mission statements are under review.
Mission statements are, by design, non-transitory.
Mission statements begin to define and narrow the activities of a department, unit, or institution.
Mission statements can also affect company strategies and tactics.
Mission statements define the values and philosophy of colleges, schools, departments, programs.
Mission statements define values, direction and standards for organizations.
Mission statements differ from goal statements because goals set rather specific directions. .
Mission statements differ from philosophy statements, goal statements or the lists of objectives.
Mission Statements Examine the following two examples of church mission statements.
Mission statements give mental, emotional, and spiritual clarity.
Mission statements have a powerful focusing aspect.
Mission statements have to be one of the most annoying things on the web.
Mission statements help group's of people clarify their purpose for working together.
Mission statements speak to more than values.
All mission statements require review to determine their continued validity and pertinence.
Every mission statement promises great customer service.
Most mission statements describe how the library can serve the users.
Most mission statements tell very little about what an organization is all about.
Some mission statements are short and sweet.
Some mission statements are very broad.
Mission trips are a life changing experience.
Mission trips are a unique forum to share faith journeys.
Mission trips are good for the soul.
Mission trips are self-funded and organized.
Mission trips are something the whole church participates and shares in.
Mission trips can be for a more extended period, like the three months of summer.
Mission trips give everyone who goes a jolt to the heart.
Mission trips happen for both middle and high school students each summer.
Mission trips take the mission outside of our nation.
Mission trips vary in destination and duration.
All mission trips are student or staff-led.
Mission Valley is for singles and couples.
Mission Valley is otherwise mostly condominiums and apartment complexes.
Mission work is a priority of the church.
Mission work is hard and demanding.
Mission work is possible with our cooperative network and volunteers.
Mission work takes years to get to know people and build relationships.
A mission is an organization
Mission accomplished - see how .
Mission also has many other Internet projects both complete and in progress.
Mission also is available to consult with charities for evaluation of a specific donor's needs.
Mission also is the North boundary.
Mission assignments pending completion of training program.
Mission based management goes beyond budgeting or managing any single mission, such as education.
Mission becomes real to church members as they get to know about the work of the missionary.
Mission becomes the hostage of financial development.
Mission begets mission.
Mission begins at home.
Mission begins at the doorstep of local congregations.
Mission boasts a highly successful running team as well as dominating boys and girl's tennis team.
Mission Build our community by helping people improve their lives and care for one another.
Mission can change.
Mission can take place in New York as well as Nairobi.
Mission conferences all over the country .
Mission covers everything the church is sent into the world to do.
Mission defines and determines our lives.
Mission demands prayer and concrete commitment.
Mission describes what business the company is in.
Mission describes what the organization does.
Mission determines the destination of the vision.
Mission encompasses the entire history of mankind and culture around the world.
Mission ends - no one gets the money.
Mission excludes assimilation, reduction to uniformity, ghettoization, or indifference.
Mission explains some of outreach activities.
Mission finds purpose in the Word.
Mission flows from contemplation.
Mission focuses on here and now.
Mission Get information and photos of the company's line of home theatre loudspeakers.
Mission goes on.
Mission grows out of worship.
Mission has a lasting quality to it.
Mission has consistently qualified players for post conference play in singles and doubles.
Mission has no boundaries.
Mission has no electricity in the courtyard area.
Mission has quite a specific meaning.
Mission has same voting rights as other churches.
Mission has two new developments.
Mission have a variety of objectives, but they are usually bomb disposal or hostage rescue.
Mission implies challenge to the status quo and invites change.
Mission includes goals and routine operational tasks.
Mission includes materials.
Mission includes peace and evangelism.
Mission includes support ofwar mobilization plans and worldwide requirements.
Mission involves contributing to economic and social growth and development in Portugal.
Mission is a basic task of the church.
Mission is a call to testify to the light that is already in the world and illuminating every heart.
Mission is a deep underlying belief that students can grow and attain self-actualization.
Mission is a familiar theme in True Light's history.
Mission is a focal point to guide action for future years.
Mission is a good word because the job does require almost a missionary zeal.
Mission is a matter of proclaiming in word and action the offer of new life.
Mission is a medicine for the West, over-fed and dispirited.
Mission is a northbound one-way street.
Mission is a partnership.
Mission is a recurring theme throughout the course.
Mission is a two way street.
Mission is about being free - in a different way.
Mission is advancement of the visual arts through grants to cultural institutions.
Mission is all about the activity of sending.
Mission is always long range.
Mission is an awesome invitation and responsibility, and an endeavor that can never be exhausted.
Mission is an important means of service rather than evangelizing.
Mission is an important part of our faith statement.
Mission is an intrinsically translational task.
Mission is an organization's purpose or reason for existing.
Mission is at our doorsteps.
Mission is avowedly both pubic and private, but as defined by faculty.
Mission is central feature of youth ministry.
Mission is completed when the angler releases steelhead.
Mission is determined by position.
Mission is essential to the life of the church .
Mission is first.
Mission is focused through observation and obedience.
Mission is for the preservation of all government and official records.
Mission is from the inside out.
Mission is fulfilled through partnership.
Mission is in Johnson County Kansas.
Mission is intangible.
Mission is liberation.
Mission is mainly to respond to student's private interests, mainly vocational.
Mission is ministry of the local church.
Mission is more important than money .
Mission is more varied with better views.
Mission is multidirectional.
Mission is multifaceted.
Mission is no exception.
Mission is Now.
Mission is on left.
Mission is on our door step.
Mission is on our doorstep.
Mission is one of the most controversial international issues facing churches today.
Mission is our response to the fact that the fields are ripe for harvesting.
Mission is over.
Mission is realized through the very life of Christian communities.
Mission is seen as something added on to the church, rather than emanating from it.
Mission is substantially movement.
Mission is the central work required to accomplish the goal of vision.
Mission is the consequence of Jubilee.
Mission is the focus.
Mission is the heart of Texas.
Mission is the infrastructure of worship with eternal quality.
Mission is the internally defined statement that documents the vision of the institution.
Mission is 'the mother of theology'.
Mission is the organization's purpose for existing.
Mission is the purpose of learning.
Mission is the recovery and protection of missing, abused and exploited children.
Mission is the strategy for achieving the vision.
Mission is the total task of the church.
Mission is the traditional two piece cap and pan tile.
Mission is the very lifeblood of the church.
Mission is their motivation.
Mission is to advance economic development opportunities.
Mission is 'to advance knowledge, understanding and policy-making about drugs'.
Mission is to advance the skills and education of service technicians.
Mission is to assist young artists gain recognition.
Mission is to be nation's upscale specialty retailer of home-centered products and services.
Mission is to be the pre-eminent resource for water efficiency and water conservation information.
Mission is to become the fastest customer response company on the Internet.
Mission is to conserve, protect, and enhance fish and wildlife habitats.
Mission is to create web sites that produce results.
Mission is to define, promote, and advocate the agenda of the Valley's business community.
Mission is to destroy armor and mechanized targets with mobility, firepower and shock effect.
Mission is to develop a format for sharing schedules and programs.
Mission is to develop healthcare products and systems.
Mission is to disperse our knowledge, share the good, share the bad and promote our coping.
Mission is to educate others about the many Pagan faiths and paths.
Mission is to educate the public about various dispute resolution procedures.
Mission is to empower women to reach out to their families, their communities and the world.
Mission is to establish a comprehensive education and research information service network.
Mission is to facilitate and increase community involvement via the Internet.
Mission is to fight child abuse and neglect.
Mission is to fulfill dream wish of a child with a life-threatening illness.
Mission is to fund creative and innovative brain tumor research.
Mission is to gather and disseminate information such as diet, medications, supplements and testing.
Mission is to help clients produce results under conditions of rapid change and complexity.
Mission is to help golfers play more, play better and have more fun.
Mission is to help individuals and families affected by problem gambling disorders.
Mission is to help members anticipate and respond to the increasingly changing global economy.
Mission is to help people build wealth, honestly, systemattically and safely.
Mission is to implement quality computer systems.
Mission is to improve professional skills as businesspersons and genealogists.
Mission is to improve the quality of life of myeloma patients while working toward a cure.
Mission is to instill understanding of coastal habitats and human interactions.
Mission is to make accessible the tools, techniques and strategies developed to manage growth.
Mission is to make legal information on the Internet easy to find doing a good job.
Mission is to measure Internet performance.
Mission is to prevent youth violence and generate youth leadership in California communities.
Mission is to promote and ensure the just and kind treatment of animals as sentient beings.
Mission is to promote awareness of electronic media as a fine art.
Mission is to promote communication and cooperation among members.
Mission is to promote environmentally sound and sustainable development in China.
Mission is to promote inclusive communities where all people belong.
Mission is to promote physical fitness in the northern suburbs.
Mission is to promote Polish culture and customs.
Mission is to promote safe and efficient pupil transportation.
Mission is to promote the great state of New Mexico.
Mission is to protect and restore America's river systems and to foster a river stewardship ethic.
Mission is to protect, sustain and rehabilitate the Huron River system in Michigan.
Mission is to provide data to requestors.
Mission is to provide excellent and economical public library services to residents of the District.
Mission is to provide non-proprietary open ended software.
Mission is to provide successful, honest efforts towards achieving their clients real estate goals.
Mission is to provide support to the training site.
Mission is to recognize, maintain, communicate and celebrate the cultural richness of our community.
Mission is to remove obstacles and time consuming tasks for new and existing recruiter businesses.
Mission is to save lives, prevent injuries and protect the health of America s workers.
Mission is to shape policy and educate citizens.
Mission is to shoot the UFOs by left mouse click.
Mission is to stop drunken driving and to support victims.
Mission is to stop invasive plant entry and their spread.
Mission is to stop the killings in our schools, our families and communities.
Mission is to support educators through quality research, resources, and information.
Mission is to teach senios to use computers.
Mission is to teach the children of the community to swim.
Mission is to the rest of the world.
Mission is today younger than ever.
Mission is transition.
Mission is unclear here more info is needed.
Mission is understood in personal terms .
Mission is very important to the church.
Mission is well-planned . .
Mission is what moves to give life to the church everywhere.
Mission is where the future begins and the past lives on.
Mission is why the church exists The first value is that mission is why the church exists.
Mission isa organization.
Mission Learn about the district's mission statement and goals.
Mission lies it anymore.
Mission means proclaiming the Gospel of freedom.
Mission means sending.
Mission needs financial support.
Mission needs stewardship.
Mission now depends on lay persons rather than clergy.
Mission now goes in both directions.
Mission objectives in each of the levels are fairly simple.
Mission offers everything from music to political power.
Mission offers the mix of students, proffesionals, artist, dining, cafes, hotels and entertainment.
Mission projects Fellowship and recreational activities.
Mission Promote an ideal business environment which supports growth and total community development.
Mission Promote the ecological and economic values of longleaf pine ecosystems.
Mission really contains three elements.
Mission Refers to the business purpose of an organization or team.
Mission refers to the transforming of the world for justice.
Mission reports and microfiche.
Mission reports to Bangladesh, Bhutan, Lao People's Democratic Republic and Nepal.
Mission reports, microfiche, and cartographic material.
Mission Serve clients in their best interests.
Mission serves private interests of students, clients, and owners.
Mission stand on water reservoir.
Mission start and stop time.
Mission starts here.
Mission starts with the Great Commandment.
Mission statements for college libraries.
Mission statements for our current print publications.
Mission takes the vague sense of fellowship and transforms it into action and wider purpose.
Mission technicians suspect random radiation caused the glitch.
Mission Trips annual mission trips offer the opportunity for hands-on work outside of Omaha.
Mission trips reaching out to other areas.
Mission trips to England, Japan, Brazil, Mexico, Yugoslavia, Romania.
Mission trips to Old Mexico and Samara, Russia.
Mission trips to Poland.
Mission trips to Russia occur each summer.
Mission work among indigenous people, women, children, and youth.
Mission work both home and overseas was at a passionate intensity.
Missions allow incredible discoveries.
Missions also come readily to mind for our students.
Missions are a bit simple though.
Missions are a good thing, for they are an evidence of spiritual life.
Missions are a way to connect and build a bridge of understanding to our history and to our people.
Missions are action packed, with a lot of varied alien craft involved.
Missions are albums.
Missions are assignments.
Missions are at the heart of our church ministry.
Missions are at the heart of our ministry goals.
Missions are basic, and the game suffers from some bad slowdown and awful horizon pop-up.
Missions are collections of corporate purposes usually gathered into a single statement.
Missions are critical.
Missions are extensively coordinated and any delay has serious effect on mission support.
Missions are extremely hard to debug, especially with lots of triggers.
Missions are extremely long.
Missions are fast-paced and enemies are plentiful.
Missions are fast-paced and varied.
Missions are for people of all ages and all interests.
Missions are global.
Missions are just hard enough to be believable.
Missions are largely combat oriented.
Missions are likely to emerge that are best suited for space.
Missions are long and the cutscenes are very entertaining.
Missions are more integrated and sophisticated than simply annihilating the enemy terminators.
Missions are nongovernmental organizations.
Missions are often similar from year to year.
Missions are operations.
Missions are photo stories involving our troops.
Missions are playable in either daylight or at night.
Missions are plug-ins.
Missions are relatively short, normally lasting one hour or less.
Missions are religious groups.
Missions are rewarding and challenging photographic opportunities.
Missions are smaller and more numerous.
Missions are some sort of simulation battles in deserted training camp.
Missions are soundtracks.
Missions are the lungs of the church.
Missions are tiny orgs.
Missions are too hard.
Missions are tourist attraction.
Missions are useful things but they are just words.
Missions are very similar to all the other action shooters out there.
Missions are wildly varied in objectives, from simple to needlessly complex.
Missions are wolfs.
Missions are work.
Missions assumes a whole new way of looking at the world.
Missions become repetitive.
Missions become viable goals that teams and individuals work to meet.
Missions begin in our homes and community.
Missions begin selling deer to Natives for cash payment.
Missions begins at home - make sure it finishes there too.
Missions begins at home.
Missions begins locally, builds momentum and ripples outward.
Missions can also be more flexible.
Missions can also fail following an action that irrevocably prevents the completion of an objective.
Missions can be across the street or on the other side of the world.
Missions can be as short as four days or as long as a month.
Missions can be historical or they can design their own missions to fly.
Missions can be quite long and involve a lot of battles.
Missions can be strange.
Missions can be very long and satisfying, and an excellent save feature has been implemented.
Missions can last from one to two weeks.
Missions can take place at morning, day, or night, and even in rain.
Missions carrying nuclear material undergo extensive safety reviews.
Missions Catch a vision for the world.
Missions causes outside our church are included within the church budget.
Missions challenge many to adapt to new flavors as well as new cultures.
Missions challenge math success through mastering essential skills, geometry, and word problems.
Missions come in a wide variety of types and objectives.
Missions come in via secured computer link or encrypted message.
Missions consist of rescuing a few hostages, and all around kicking terrorist ass.
Missions consist of search and destroy, protect targets, kill everything, and rescue missions.
Missions differ in terms of people and planes, duration and location.
Missions encourages and supports our missionaries at home and abroad.
Missions encourages Gathering through serving the local churches.
Missions experience, either on the field or in the local church, is desirable.
Missions find evidence.
Missions flourish, both at home and abroad, and churches move ahead spiritually.
Missions focus on awareness.
Missions get old after a while.
Missions Go to the links page.
Missions go wrong and enemies are sometimes underestimated.
Missions has a high public profile.
Missions have interesting concepts.
Missions have to be delayed while the required information or specialist is called upon.
Missions have various tasks to accomplish.
Missions includes church planting.
Missions includes cross-cultural evangelism.
Missions interns welcome.
Missions involve many twists and many turns.
Missions involves the ability to relate to people interpersonally.
Missions is a comprehensive work including preaching, teaching, and healing.
Missions is a joy.
Missions is a mindset, as much as a geographical location.
Missions is a necessity for religious faith.
Missions is a temporary necessity but worship abides forever.
Missions is a temporary necessity but worship goes on forever.
Missions is about loving.
Missions is an all-inclusive word.
Missions is an excellent place to start.
Missions is an important part of our church life.
Missions is as comprehensive as it is a glorious task.
Missions is hard work.
Missions is like good deeds.
Missions is our purpose, our focus, our specialty.
Missions is the coordinating committee of our many outreach ministries to the community.
Missions is the partnering of many different facets.
Missions is very rewarding and at times can be lonely and discouraging.
Missions is word far out of context for most churches and believers.
Missions is worth shouting about.
Missions Learn more about the mission activities both locally and abroad.
Missions never get too complex, although later missions have more-involved mission goals.
Missions now emphasize rapid deployment and multimission flexibility.
Missions NOW is our full color corporate magazine.
Missions now start in a new paused mode.
Missions outreach in Guatemala, El Salvador and Mexico.
Missions perform exploration.
Missions provide contexts.
Missions provide information.
Missions provide input.
Missions provide power.
Missions Provides meals and lodgings to many homeless and needy people throughout the world.
Missions range from a very simple single, mission to complex multiple missions.
Missions range from air-superiority activities to strikes deep behind enemy lines.
Missions range from bank heists to stealing cars and transporting wanted thugs.
Missions range from rescue and defensive types to capture and conquest.
Missions range from simple infiltrations to hostage rescues.
Missions reach conclusions.
Missions reach explosive conclusions.
Missions reach virtually every region of the world.
Missions really is about serving.
Missions require the highest altitude possible.
Missions run the world.
Missions See how our church is bringing hope to victims of war and disaster.
Missions seem to be scripted, at least at the very beginning.
Missions seems to have be the top rung of a ladder, especially foreign missions.
Missions Select one or more missions with which to cross-correlate the selected catalog.
Missions starts within our own backyards.
Missions suffer from other deployment problems.
Missions take place in six different locales throughout Europe.
Missions take place in six different localities.
Missions take place on the beach, mountainside, the air, the city and beneath the oceans depths.
Missions tend to be very linear, but do include primary and secondary objectives.
Missions trip to the Ivory Coast, West Africa.
Missions Try some out.
Missions use technology.
Missions vary between simple dogfights, stunt flying and attacking a Zeppelin.
Missions vary from cargo runs to escort missions, and more.
Missions vary widely in objectives and terrain.
Missions vary with objectives such as attack, defend or even inspection.
Missions View and sign up for available missions.
Missions work in Haiti and Guyana for one year and a half.
Missions work is often a very difficult concept for a non-Christian to grasp.
Missions work, denominational ministries, links to local churches.
Mission always encompasses some service or benefit to the planet.
Missions always needs fuel.
Missions usually consist of seizing enemy territory and grabbing new technology.
All mission alumni pages require an e-mail address section.
All missions are possible.
All missions are scary, just some more than others.
All missions are tentative and subject to change.
All missions begin with a brief briefing concerning objectives, and then it's on to craft selection.
All missions have a main objective.
All missions have been play tested and work.
All missions show the wear and tear of normal aging.
Every mission has a very basic, minimal validation program, but none are global in scope.
Every mission has several goals and victory conditions.
Every mission is a dangerous mission.
Every mission is a mix of action, puzzle and reaction game.
Every mission is different because the needs of people are always different.
Every mission is pretty much the same, namely seek, destroy, protect by destroying.
Every mission is totally different with different objectives and different environment.
Every mission is truly unique, because of the random element to the game.
Every mission takes a lot of people working together as a team.
Every mission works as if there is no other mission present in the area.
Many missions are also different when played by a different character.
Many missions are, in fact, impossible without some form of cryogenic cooling.
Many missions feature hostile mercenary fighters.
Many missions provide an observation index which includes direct pointers to the observation data.
Many missions require players to die two or three times just to figure out the lay of the land.
Many missions require very low flight altitude.
Most missions allow more than one solution.
Most missions are about a week.
Most missions are combat missions.
Most missions are larger in size and complexity.
Most missions are residential with students billeted in local homes.
Most missions center on the production of spice or the destruction of an enemy base.
Most missions find evidence.
Most missions focus on awareness.
Most missions focus on people groups, and send adults to reach other adults.
Most missions involve building one base while attacking another.
Most missions occur on weekend nights.
Most missions perform exploration.
Most missions provide contexts.
Most missions provide information.
Most missions provide input.
Most missions provide power.
Most missions reach conclusions.
Most missions reach explosive conclusions.
Most missions take a year or more.
Most missions use technology.
Some missions are a doddle, easily completed at the first attempt.
Some missions are in the desert, some in the city.
Some missions are in the yard, others are in the living room and even in around the bathtub.
Some missions are interesting and even humorous, but only the first time.
Some missions are just too hard Taking a pot shot at a flyer.
Some missions are mainly slug fests, where fast aiming is crucial.
Some missions are quite a pig.
Some missions are quite unique though.
Some missions are really hard.
Some missions are really, really hard.
Some missions become emphasis.
Some missions become increase emphasis.
Some missions can take a long time to complete and become tedious after a while.
Some missions combine the two elements in surprising ways.
Some missions demonstrate capability.
Some missions even attempt to add a bit of variety in the mix.
Some missions focus on ministering in the inner cities.
Some missions given to robot teams include several activities to be carried on concurrently.
Some missions go back and forth between flying and shooting two or three times.
Some missions have information.
Some missions have no people.
Some missions have separate catalogs for each instrument.
Some missions have statistical information.
Some missions have to be delayed or canceled.
Some missions involve few possessions.
Some missions involve possessions.
Some missions kill explorers.
Some missions make observations.
Some missions offer opportunities to collect loot, or provide caves to explore.
Some missions provide care.
Some missions provide measurements.
Some missions provide proof.
Some missions receive attention.
Some missions require culture.
Some missions require more aircraft, some require fewer.
Some missions require players to meet face to face in public or arrange a drop.
Some missions require speed - finishing in a predefined time limit, or running all over the place.
Some missions run for years, some last only a few weeks.
Some missions take measurements.
Some missions take places.
Missional churches come in all sizes from the smallest to the largest.
Missional churches love the world . . .
Missional churches view their task the same way . . .
Missional statements are the order of the day for all kinds of organisations.
Missionary children are the same as our children.
Missionary education is a part of the work of some of the other church program organizations.
Missionary endeavor requires patience.
Missionary furloughs can benefit both missionary families and supporting the local churches.
Missionary group reveals Peru flight plan.
Missionary groups operate freely throughout the country.
Missionary groups operate hospitals, orphanages, schools, and clinics throughout the country.
Missionary ladies come to the door.
Missionary life can be an enriching and rewarding sojourn.
Missionary life demands no physical impediments.
Missionary majors do a six-week internship.
Most missionary organizations require a two or three year commitment.
Missionary personnel report that material donations have reached their capacity for delivery.
A missionary position is a position
Missionary position is out .
Missionary priests are most common in the United States and several Western European countries.
Every missionary project is inspired by the Holy Spirit, who brings it to fulfilment.
Missionary schedules are often hectic, the working environment inhospitable.
Missionary seminaries exist in Paris, Lyons, Milan, Verona and Rome.
Missionary service is a work of faith.
Missionary service is coordinated with military service as required.
Missionary settlement follows, bringing disease and disruption to traditional lifestyles.
Missionary support is primarily a family responsibility.
Missionary theology devalues and denigrates individuals and groups.
Missionary wives join in women's teas.
Missionary work continues to move forward.
Missionary work helps people to be saved on an individual basis.
Missionary work is addictive.
Missionary work is bigger than ever, and growing at an astounding rate.
Missionary work is complex.
Missionary work is conducted by everyone in society.
Missionary work is essentially tragic.
Missionary work is never the work of priests and religious alone.
Missionary work is one of their main activities.
Missionary work is restricted and visas difficult to obtain.
Missionary work is the principal aim of the church on earth.
Missionary work is work
Missionary work requires a team working together.
Missionary work results in many rejections.
Missionary zeal seems to bear an inverse ratio to religious enlightenment.
A missionary is a teacher
Missionaries also adjust to a set of rules.
Missionaries are a poor choice for kidnappers.
Missionaries are accountable to sending churches.
Missionaries are busy and often struggle to find time to answer their correspondence.
Missionaries are busy people.
Missionaries are everywhere in the world.
Missionaries are familiar with what to do about sin, but here is a review of the steps.
Missionaries are free to conduct missionary activities and are active in the enclave.
Missionaries are free to seek converts.
Missionaries are free to translate it into any language.
Missionaries are good at recruiting missionaries.
Missionaries are human.
Missionaries are kind of like deep sea divers.
Missionaries are no exception.
Missionaries are only able to minister to tribal people if they have a proper support network.
Missionaries are part of a very unique family, one that stretches literally around the globe.
Missionaries are people who are, first and always, evangelistic witnesses.
Missionaries are preachers.
Missionaries are religionists.
Missionaries are similarly hard pressed.
Missionaries are such reapers who harvest the crop.
Missionaries are teachers.
Missionaries are the primary people to educate.
Missionaries are transparent with their ministry finances, including resources, needs and expenses.
Missionaries are unique in some respects.
Missionaries are workers.
Missionaries can accomplish more in less time with motorcycles for transportation.
Missionaries can be fascinating to chat with around the dinner table.
Missionaries can begin on a minimum salary once adequate funds are coming in.
Missionaries can gather information at their convenience.
Missionaries can help local churches in many ways.
Missionaries can now submit an on-line request for travel, by clicking here.
Missionaries can sometimes be stubborn.
Missionaries can spend many years raising money for their field work.
Missionaries can thus teach others how to labor.
Missionaries can vote by absentee ballot.
Missionaries challenge people to serve abroad.
Missionaries circle the globe presenting the gospel through apportionments.
Missionaries come through occasionally.
Missionaries come through other sending agencies.
Missionaries currently serve three-year terms.
Missionaries do with members.
Missionaries face a variety of barriers on the field.
Missionaries face no special requirements or restrictions.
Missionaries feel a similar kinship with their pilots.
Missionaries feel fortunate to win a few souls in three or four years.
Missionaries find themselves eager to go back to work.
Missionaries give their services away in return for a loyal fellowship.
Missionaries have a form for collecting information.
Missionaries have no power to make their listeners repent and be saved.
Missionaries have to be prayed for knowledgeably, consistently, intimately, and scripturally.
Missionaries help displaced families by supplying food, clothing, bedding and basic household items.
Missionaries impersonating tribal people, complete with native dress, interact with the campers.
Missionaries know it well.
Missionaries know that the world is a dangerous place.
Missionaries learn to serve and care for others in a spiritual way.
Missionaries leave West Timor because of safety concerns.
Missionaries like to answer questions, so never be afraid to ask.
Missionaries live in houses next to the roundhouse.
Missionaries live in sparse conditions and pay for everything themselves throughout their missions.
Missionaries make the choice regarding their children's education.
Missionaries miss their homes and their native culture and climate while in the field.
Missionaries offer suggestions on evangelism tools best used on their mission field.
Missionaries only have prayer.
Missionaries openly promote their religious beliefs.
Missionaries plan their days around the people they serve.
Missionaries practice without special restrictions.
Missionaries preach against it.
Missionaries provide leadership in everything from outreach to discipleship.
Missionaries really enjoy getting mail and gifts.
Missionaries receive a special discount off the already pleasing prices.
Missionaries report that hundreds of people scattered in the panic and fighting that ensued.
Missionaries report that pressure on their activities has decreased.
Missionaries return on furloughs and eventually come home.
Missionaries serve an average of seven years.
Missionaries serve gladly, participate fully, pray sincerely, and act wisely.
Missionaries serve in companionships for protection.
Missionaries spend less time raising funds and more time in ministry.
Missionaries submit projects to be included throughout the year.
Missionaries suffer unnecessarily.
Missionaries teach truth.
Missionaries tell of the paralysis which grips superstition ridden pagan societies.
Missionaries tend to be people of great vision.
Missionaries too show that love.
Missionaries travel with fur traders to Oregon.
Missionaries travel without Sudanese visas and work under the protection of the rebels.
Missionaries typically receive the temple blessings prior to their service.
Missionaries undergo hardships to evangelize the world.
Missionaries use the same leadership rules as other explorers.
Missionaries work at being bridge-builders and networkers, sharing materials, resources, and ideas.
Missionaries work best in teams and in partnership with other believers.
Missionaries work in medical, educational, and community development ministries.
Missionaries worldwide proclaim the same dynamic message today.
Missionaries often have great difficulty when obtaining long-term visas.
Missionaries often help with restoration of houses, schools and neighborhoods.
Missionaries usually travel by bus to zone conferences and on transfers.
All missionaries are part of a larger community.
All missionaries are quietly heroic.
All missionaries are responsible for their own transportation costs.
All missionaries are safe and accounted for.
All missionaries serve without pay during their two-year mission period.
Every missionary is a teacher.
Many missionaries are very isolated.
Many missionaries dislike furlough.
Many missionaries do.
Many missionaries find it tough to go through language school.
Many missionaries go out without adequate training and recreate transplanted churches.
Many missionaries go to the field with the idea of working themselves out of a job.
Many missionaries have ham radio contacts in the United States.
Many missionaries hesitate to reject the help of sincere volunteers.
Many missionaries lack reliable and inexpensive Internet service.
Many missionaries live and work in difficult climates and where various diseases are prevalent.
Many missionaries live under the constant stress of threats, kidnappings, and murder.
Many missionaries never return to the field after their first term.
Many missionaries now have Internet and e-mail access.
Many missionaries relish such an opportunity to teach and reach back home to their base of support.
Many missionaries serve in areas of the world where safe, sanitary, dental care is unavailable.
Many missionaries struggle with how to combat the increasing influence of evolution.
Many missionaries suffer much today.
Many missionaries take only part-time jobs so they can devote more time to their evangelizing work.
Many missionaries take only part-time jobs so they can devote more time to their religious work.
Many missionaries travel frequently and the mode of transportation varies.
Many missionaries use personal computers.
Many missionaries visit sharing their work, fanning the flame for world evangelization.
Many missionaries visit the campus throughout the school year and speak in chapel and classes.
Most missionaries are extremely overworked.
Most missionaries are under-supported.
Most missionaries do normal parish duties and also work with health care and education.
Most missionaries feel pretty isolated, at least part of the time.
Most missionaries highly value their own library.
Most missionaries resist the urge to retreat.
Some missionaries have a library service.
Some missionaries minister primarily out of ego.
Some missionaries serve in large cities, while others are in rural areas.
Some missionaries spend their lives and only plant one church on the field.
Many missions churches are like potted plants.
Many missions organizations target the larger unreached people groups.
Most missions organizations send people out in teams now.
Missions trips can succeed and fail at the same time.
Missions trips provide construction opportunities adults often enjoy.
Missisquoi soils have more gravel in the substratum.
Mississauga restaurants are also smoke free.
Mississippi isa thing.
Mississippian bedrock is primarily limestone and gypsum.
Mississippian sandstone is exposed in the north, along Lake Huron.
Missoulian carriers deliver to most roads in rural areas.
Missouri is part of America.
Missouri isa thing.
Missourian policy is to check our local stories for accuracy before publication.
Misspelled names are wrong.
Misspelled words annul the whole search.
Misspelled words are also good.
Misspelled words are close to the actual spelling.
Misspelled words are completely unacceptable.
Misspelled words are most common, as are unnecessary commas.
Misspelled words are par for the course.
Misspelled words are the only bothersome element.
Misspelled words are unacceptable.
Misspelled words become spelling words.
Misspelled words can be a symbols of carelessness.
Misspelled words can be costly.
Misspelled words count as wrong answers.
Misspelled words make searches unsuccessful.
Any misspelled words become spelling words for the day.
Every misspelled word is an opportunity missed if someone is searching on that word.
Every misspelled word makes many readers wince.
A misspelling is a spelling
Misspelling are spelling.
Misspellings also devalue a domain.
Misspellings are a good example.
Misspellings are a possibility here.
Misspellings are a serious distraction to the reader.
Misspellings are almost exclusively of the phonetically accurate variety.
Misspellings are common use the errors as handles on what to teach.
Misspellings are common.
Misspellings are consistent throughout the piece.
Misspellings are errors.
Misspellings are the original text.
Misspellings are very common even on the smallest web sites.
Misspellings are very common.
Misspellings bring into question the quality of the document content.
Misspellings can be also be useful.
Misspellings can change search results.
Misspellings can reveal puns, and often dream items suffer from meaningful mistaken identities.
Misspellings can throw off a search, and omissions are a very real possibility.
Misspellings cause even more complications.
Misspellings trigger alternate search strategies.
Misspellings often involve confusion of homonyms.
Misspellings usually abound, and there can be a sense of time pressure.
All misspellings are intentional.
Misspent time is wasted time.
A missy is a woman
Missy begins the story as an independent young lady ready to experience life at the fullest.
Missy brings all that to the table.
Missy can also sing, and quite well.
Missy does that.
Missy has quite a personality.
Missy has some dietary needs.
Missy has Southern Illinois roots and incredible enthusiasm for the job.
Missy is a beautiful little girl with tons of kisses to give and a wonderful personality.
Missy is a cat, a little cat who grew up in Singapore.
Missy is a fierce competitor.
Missy is a five year old black lab mix who has an incredible spirit.
Missy is a good person.
Missy is a great addition for any webmaster novice to experienced.
Missy is a people dog.
Missy is a pretty green eyed, gray tabby kitty with white trimmings.
Missy is a true hitter.
Missy is a two year old spayed female looking for a great home.
Missy is also a hunter.
Missy is another of the tri-captains.
Missy is approx.
Missy is back on stage.
Missy is different.
Missy is extremely talented.
Missy is French, and that's about it.
Missy is from the Meridian chapter.
Missy is home to stay.
Missy is housebroken and crate-trained.
Missy is instructed to avoid eating for at least four hours before exercise.
Missy is just sooo enthralled with looking like a dame-again.
Missy is more animated, more friendly and still our favorite.
Missy is one of our strongest hitters and can hit the long ball.
Missy is originally from Galveston, Texas.
Missy is our best all around athletic player.
Missy is ready for adoption now.
Missy is really student-centered, and really cares about individuals and how they are doing.
Missy is shy.
Missy is still one of the kind.
Missy is the cutest thing in life.
Missy is the oldest of the group and also the mother of two of the other survivors.
Missy is the other dog.
Missy is very energetic and sweet.
Missy is very versatile.
Missy is wonderful indoors.
Missy likes to play in the snow in the winter.
Missy loves to make eye contact with people, and attempt to understand their true nature.
Missy redeems the generally flat SoCal purity of the rest of the cast.
Missy sighs quietly and returns to the real world.
Missy smiles on as Art makes another embarrasing comment.
Missy wants to become a model Never been in front of a camera.
Missy's a great singer, writer and piano player.
Mist dragons are also able to use cloud or water based spells.
Mist dragons resemble gold dragons in body form.
Mist nets are finely woven nets strung between poles along hedgerows.
Mist can be as high as mountain tops when extreme temperatures are low.
Mist comes out of the mouth in a fierce cold of dawn.
Mist covers areas.
Mist covers mirrors, walls, and ceiling.
Mist covers nursery areas.
Mist covers the landscape.
Mist creates water.
Mist curls through the canopies, and a fine rain soaks the undergrowth.
MIST datalink antenna.
Mist descends from the tree canopy as visitors make their way along the path.
Mist drapes the dawn as morning fog is capped by a veil of sun.
Mist drifts upwards and the view of the ocean through the vegetation is beautiful.
Mist encourages growth.
Mist fills the middle ground, and the background mountains appear to be far in the distance.
Mist floats through the open door and through the loosely chinked walls.
Mist flows densely.
Mist forms over the surrounding valleys and floats right across the resort.
Mist habitat at least once weekly.
Mist hangs over downtown intersections, condensing like wasted ambition in puddles on the pavement.
Mist is clouds.
Mist is fog
Mist is fog.
Mist is located in waterfalls.
Mist isa fog.
Mist juveniles around three times a day, when feeding.
Mist leaves as well as watering the soil.
Mist leaves daily to counteract the drying influence of artificial heat.
Mist leaves during the summer months to boost the humidity levels.
Mist leaves frequently.
Mist leaves occasionally.
Mist leaves regularly, but never use a coarse spray.
Mist lies low in the passing front.
Mist lies on the grass and behind the stage-flat trees.
Mist lingers over the neatly planted rows.
Mist loaves with water and turn occasionally while they bake.
Mist melts away revealing an orange after-glow of sunset.
Mist moisten keeping surface moist.
Mist plate back lightly with spray adhesive.
Mist plumes up from the grasses in the clearings, the sun encouraging steam to rise from wet ground.
Mist rios no mar dos A ores .
Mist rises and rolls along the shores of Wickiup Lake.
Mist rises from the forest as the morning heat builds.
Mist rises from the trees, from the roadways.
Mist rises from the water.
Mist rises from the wet pavement evoking a prehistoric, archetypal mood.
Mist rises off the half frozen lake on which ducks are doing a careful ballet.
Mist rises off the lake on a cool morning.
Mist rises off the water almost every winter morning causing a white-out effect.
Mist rises over sparkling canals.
Mist rising from tiny creeks make the forests vague and enticing.
Mist rolls along the ground.
Mist settles in and makes a home of eyeglasses and windshields and camera lenses.
Mist settles in, and the attack is called off.
Mist shrouds the trees which tower around the village clearing and the air feels damp and chilly.
Mist spills off dark cliffs.
Mist swirls around, the air is cold and clammy.
Mist throws a candy into the church's pipe organ.
Mist veils the campfires' gleam.
MIST works with groups seeking to protect our food systems.
Mists are a quick way to smell good and moisturize for any girl on the go.
Mists are tiny droplets of liquid suspended in the air.
Mists are tiny liquid droplets usually created by spraying, mixing, or cleaning activities.
Mists are very small droplets of liquids that are inhaled.
Mists catch small bronze girls at the knee.
Mists commonly shroud the hills during the monsoons.
Mists descend quickly and the temperature can drop dramatically.
Mists fade away and the sun shines bright through a clear blue sky.
Mists lick the prince's hem, even here.
Mists lie over the fields and the sky is tender blue.
Mists randomly appear and can shift one scenic vista into another.
Mists swirl, raindrops snake down, and the wind hits the ridge in chilly blasts.
Mists sometimes obscure the views.
More mist is required in the hot summer months than in the winter time.
Most mist covers areas.
Most mist covers nursery areas.
Most mist creates water.
Most mist encourages growth.
Some mist comes from weapons.
Some mist is caused by heat.
Some mist surrounds edges.
A mistake is an act
Mistake isa event.
Mistakes abound everywhere in movies, TV, books, etc.
Mistakes activate learning and success.
Mistakes also mark a beginning point for renewal, a chance to break with the past.
Mistakes are a big part of it.
Mistakes are a challenge to a good manager's sense of order.
Mistakes are a daily part of any startup.
Mistakes are a fact of life in law school.
Mistakes are a fact of life.
Mistakes are a great way to learn and improve.
Mistakes are a natural part of learning at any age.
Mistakes are a natural part of the learning process.
Mistakes are a natural part of the process.
Mistakes are a necessary part of learning.
Mistakes are a necessary part of the developmental process.
Mistakes are a part of business.
Mistakes are a part of growth.
Mistakes are a part of life.
Mistakes are a part of the learning curve.
Mistakes are a sign of growth.
Mistakes are a stepping stone to becoming a better web page designer.
Mistakes are a valuable part of the learning process.
Mistakes are acceptable.
Mistakes are actions.
Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature.
Mistakes are alright.
Mistakes are also fair game.
Mistakes are an acceptable part of being human.
Mistakes are an important part of any learning process.
Mistakes are an important part of the learning process.
Mistakes are an inevitable part of the wiki process.
Mistakes are as common in business as they are in life.
Mistakes are as integral to parenting as are children.
Mistakes are as much a part of health care as they are in the rest of life.
Mistakes are attributable mainly to bad, literal translation.
Mistakes are basically untrue thoughts.
Mistakes are being made, they say.
Mistakes are blessings dressed in black, a necessity to any form of government.
Mistakes are common and the consequences of inaccuracies can be serious.
Mistakes are common to the human condition.
Mistakes are common.
Mistakes are costly and can be avoided.
Mistakes are costly in both time and money, two commodities that are always in short supply.
Mistakes are costly.
Mistakes are created by people.
Mistakes are critical building blocks in the problem-solving process.
Mistakes are difficult to avoid and take years to correct.
Mistakes are difficult to change.
Mistakes are disastrous.
Mistakes are doorways to discovery.
Mistakes are down.
Mistakes are easily corrected, just reverse the piece and bend it back in a second.
Mistakes are easy to correct by wiping off paint with a rag dipped in paint thinner.
Mistakes are easy to correct.
Mistakes are easy to fix because the parts can be readily separated with a razor blade.
Mistakes are easy to forget.
Mistakes are easy to make.
Mistakes are everywhere.
Mistakes are exceedingly costly either in terms of dollars or customer satisfaction.
Mistakes are excellent teachers.
Mistakes are expensive in terms of time and money.
Mistakes are expensive.
Mistakes are extremely rare but can occur.
Mistakes are far less costly when made on paper than with actual dollars.
Mistakes are fatal.
Mistakes are for learning.
Mistakes are global and remembered forever.
Mistakes are golden.
Mistakes are good, admire advertising, and other heresies.
Mistakes are great teachers.
Mistakes are growth opportunities.
Mistakes are half the fun.
Mistakes are hard to put right once the concrete has set.
Mistakes are healthy ways to show a child that no one is perfect.
Mistakes are highly probable.
Mistakes are human experience.
Mistakes are human.
Mistakes are inevitable and evidence learning is in progress.
Mistakes are inevitable and they are valuable ways to learn.
Mistakes are inevitable in a business that processes millions of words and pictures each day.
Mistakes are inevitable in human affairs.
Mistakes are inevitable in life.
Mistakes are inevitable in the publishing business.
Mistakes are inevitable in war.
Mistakes are inevitable, and there s an individual psychology involved.
Mistakes are inevitable, but how they are fixed is a key factor in maintaining customer loyalty.
Mistakes are inevitable.
Mistakes are inherent in human endeavors.
Mistakes are integral to learning the limits of how things work.
Mistakes are lessons of wisdom.
Mistakes are lessons too.
Mistakes are lessons.
Mistakes are like buried treasure .
Mistakes are like knives.
Mistakes are like little lessons all in themselves.
Mistakes are made, people stumble and sometimes things move with an agonizing slowness.
Mistakes are misconception.
Mistakes are mistakes, choices are choices.
Mistakes are more like opportunities for improvement in disguise.
Mistakes are most likely to occur when entering numerical values.
Mistakes are natural and necessary in language learning.
Mistakes are natural steps in learning and can point the way to success.
Mistakes are natural.
Mistakes are negative only if they go uncorrected .
Mistakes are no longer disasters.
Mistakes are nothing more than a learning opportunity.
Mistakes are of course inevitable, given the huge volume of material.
Mistakes are of course irretrievable.
Mistakes are often obvious.
Mistakes are often the best teachers.
Mistakes are often the result.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to success.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistakes are OK on the Maryland field.
Mistakes are ok.
Mistakes are okay.
Mistakes Are Okay.
Mistakes are one of the best ways to learn.
Mistakes are one.
Mistakes are only opportunities to begin again more intelligently.
Mistakes are only part of the board's concerns, however.
Mistakes are opportunities for learning.
Mistakes are opportunities for real learning and personal growth.
Mistakes are opportunities.
Mistakes are our best teachers.
Mistakes are part of being human.
Mistakes are part of football, or any sport for that matter.
Mistakes are part of growth.
Mistakes are part of learning, they said, and things fell into place as the program went on.
Mistakes are part of learning.
Mistakes are part of life.
Mistakes are part of living.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for a full life.
Mistakes are part of the game and no one wants to lose.
Mistakes are part of the game.
Mistakes are part of the learning experience.
Mistakes are part of the plan.
Mistakes are part of the process and are learning opportunities.
Mistakes are part of the project and part of the process.
Mistakes are perfect, like spilling water or a shot to the head.
Mistakes are permanent.
Mistakes are plentiful.
Mistakes are possable.
Mistakes are possible as well as miscommunication, however.
Mistakes are possible.
Mistakes are possibly the world's best learning tool.
Mistakes are potentially deadly, and constant, quick thinking is essential.
Mistakes are rampant.
Mistakes are rare, but they do happen.
Mistakes are rare, but they happen.
Mistakes are rare, very minor, and have to be forced.
Mistakes are reality checks on the road of life.
Mistakes are regrettable but possible.
Mistakes are relatively infrequent, but they do occur.
Mistakes are results of wrong decisions that people make, due to a temporary lack of information.
Mistakes are slips, performance errors.
Mistakes are sometimes difficult to correct.
Mistakes are superb teachers.
Mistakes are sure to be made in giving work to millions of unemployed people.
Mistakes are the doorway to learning.
Mistakes are the essense.
Mistakes are the fuel of creativity.
Mistakes are the genesis of mortality.
Mistakes are the guaranteed outcome of wild abandon.
Mistakes are the one thing they all have in common.
Mistakes are the only way to really learn really new things.
Mistakes are the physician's responsibility.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Mistakes are the problem.
Mistakes are the raw material of learning.
Mistakes are the result of bad decisions.
Mistakes are the stepping stones to success.
Mistakes are the steppingstones to failure.
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
Mistakes are their own instructors.
Mistakes are there to be made and to learn from.
Mistakes are to be corrected and handed in again by the following class period.
Mistakes are to be corrected more through restitution than through retribution.
Mistakes are to be learned from and corrected until mastery is achieved.
Mistakes are to be learnt from.
Mistakes are to be lined out.
Mistakes are to be neatly crossed out once.
Mistakes are to life what shadows are to light'.
Mistakes are too costly to repeat.
Mistakes are too easy to make.
Mistakes are too painful to tolerate.
Mistakes are unacceptable.
Mistakes are unaccepTable.
Mistakes are unavoidable.
Mistakes are understandable - from the doctor's point of view.
Mistakes are unforgivable.
Mistakes are usually powerful learning experiences.
Mistakes are valuable for learning.
Mistakes are very costly.
Mistakes are very persistent teachers.
Mistakes are ways of doing something different, perhaps creatively new.
Mistakes begin when the action heads south to Mexico for a desperately protracted finale.
Mistakes Beginning Writers make.
Mistakes can abound Think about it.
Mistakes can and do happen and when that occurs, there is no cover up.
Mistakes can and do happen.
Mistakes can and do occur during the DNA replication process.
Mistakes can and do occur, and they often take time, sometimes many months, to correct.
Mistakes can and do occur.
Mistakes can be costlier.
Mistakes can be costly and can add to further losses.
Mistakes can be costly and frustrating.
Mistakes can be costly for both parties.
Mistakes can be costly for business.
Mistakes can be costly for fiber companies.
Mistakes can be costly in material, time and money.
Mistakes can be costly in our industry.
Mistakes can be costly when alone in the wilderness.
Mistakes can be costly when designing such an expensive item.
Mistakes can be costly.
Mistakes can be dangerous.
Mistakes can be disastrous.
Mistakes can be due to a lack of maturity or something that has been improperly learned.
Mistakes can be embarrassing and even costly.
Mistakes can be embarrassing.
Mistakes can be expensive and frustrating.
Mistakes can be expensive.
Mistakes can be fatal.
Mistakes can be good teachers, but only the successful learn the lesson.
Mistakes can be great teachers.
Mistakes can be serious in the security department.
Mistakes can be the best teachers.
Mistakes can be valuable lessons.
Mistakes can be very costly.
Mistakes can be very expensive.
Mistakes can bring disaster Or cause growth.
Mistakes can cause delays.
Mistakes can cause things to get very bad very fast.
Mistakes can cause unit disruption and have adverse impact on external agencies.
Mistakes can cost a lot.
Mistakes can cost lives so plan ahead.
Mistakes can cost tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands, of dollars to rectify.
Mistakes can crop up again.
Mistakes can easily occur.
Mistakes can easily result in lengthy prison terms.
Mistakes can easily upset the delicate balance of life in the aquarium.
Mistakes can happen anywhere and at any time.
Mistakes can happen during exploration.
Mistakes can happen in any hospital.
Mistakes can happen in the gene for the enzyme which is missing in galactosaemia.
Mistakes can happen, and cards get switched.
Mistakes can happen, especially when proposals are brought in with minimal lead time.
Mistakes can happen.
Mistakes can have unpleasant consequences, but fear of making mistakes is worse.
Mistakes can lead to new inventions, new technology.
Mistakes can lead to ruptures, tears, or other disfiguring and disabling results.
Mistakes can lead to serious infections.
Mistakes can lead to unexpected recoveries and incomplete settlements.
Mistakes can mean costly delays and possible lost goods.
Mistakes can mean someone's life.
Mistakes can occur and circumstances do change.
Mistakes can occur and systems do change.
Mistakes can occur in the performance of tests to identify the presence of genetic disorders.
Mistakes can occur when people enter programs or data into a computer.
Mistakes can occur.
Mistakes can play an important roll in our natural learning process.
Mistakes can prove costly.
Mistakes can result.
Mistakes can sometimes be too big to be compensated for.
Mistakes can wind up being very comical, though.
Mistakes cause a desire to lies.
Mistakes cause accidents.
Mistakes cause mutations and, in certain genes, can lead to cancer.
Mistakes come from making too long of a pull, really ripping at it.
Mistakes come from poor calibration.
Mistakes cost money and cause headaches and can be minimized by thorough good planing.
Mistakes cost money.
Mistakes cost more, even when the overall percentage of mistakes remains the same.
Mistakes cost valuable time and money.
Mistakes crack the faade.
Mistakes creep in only when our deductions become so long that they rest on memory.
Mistakes dealing with nitrogen can have serious consequences.
Mistakes decrease quality, reduce effectiveness, and lower the institution's value to society.
Mistakes do count.
Mistakes do happen and players and coaches ought to be prepared and understanding.
Mistakes do happen and some get past quality control.
Mistakes do happen in negotiating and signing contracts.
Mistakes do happen in wartime.
Mistakes do happen on occasion, and what gets weeded is also often a matter of opinion.
Mistakes do happen, and some get past quality control.
Mistakes do happen, and sometimes another story pre-empts the space.
Mistakes do happen.
Mistakes do occur in life, after all.
Mistakes do occur.
Mistakes do, however, go to professional competence.
Mistakes don t get any more costly than that.
Mistakes go in the other direction, too.
Mistakes happen all the time.
Mistakes happen and innocent people are sentenced to death.
Mistakes happen and it has nothing to do with level of intelligence.
Mistakes happen and it is a part of human life.
Mistakes happen and nothing terrible results.
Mistakes happen and unfortunately too often with credit reports.
Mistakes happen as part of the learning process.
Mistakes happen at every level of expertise.
Mistakes happen because the children have nobody to turn to.
Mistakes happen in journalism all the time.
Mistakes happen in the best families.
Mistakes happen in the heat of battle.
Mistakes happen too often.
Mistakes happen, both online and offline.
Mistakes happen, but cell surveillance systems usually catch.
Mistakes happen, but they can very easily be prevented here.
Mistakes happen, but usually it's a machine miscount.
Mistakes happen, but usually it's due to a machine miscount.
Mistakes happen, double check the content, wording and answers of ALL practice items.
Mistakes happen, even to people with the best training and intentions.
Mistakes happen, however, but they are prevented with the aid of constant video surveillance.
Mistakes happen, however.
Mistakes happen, problems pop up.
Mistakes have consequences.
Mistakes have long-term and often fatal consequences.
Mistakes have to be made sometimes, for the sake of the future of the wrestling industry.
Mistakes help the teacher to know what material needs to be reviewed or even re-taught.
Mistakes here are death.
Mistakes here can become a real nightmare.
Mistakes here result in learning.
Mistakes involve a processing error, which results in choosing the wrong goal.
Mistakes involve action and action contains risk.
Mistakes involving medications are a significant and often preventable cause of adverse drug events.
Mistakes involving stolen art can be very costly to art institutions.
Mistakes lead to a deeper understanding of what is right and what is wrong.
Mistakes lead to early screening rejections.
Mistakes lead to losses.
Mistakes lead to pages providing additional help.
Mistakes made by a judge are generally easier to attack on appeal than mistakes made by a jury.
Mistakes made by men are more tolerated while women's slip-ups are exaggerated and made fun of.
Mistakes make a few sentences confusing.
Mistakes make a person wiser, and more able to deal with the world.
Mistakes make essay difficult to understand.
Mistakes make some sentences confusing.
Mistakes make the report difficult to understand.
Mistakes make the report hard to read.
Mistakes make the report hard to understand.
Mistakes make the story confusing in some places.
Mistakes make the story very difficult to read.
Mistakes make wonderful opportunities for learning.
Mistakes mean more than losing the game.
Mistakes means delays.
Mistakes occasionally happen.
Mistakes occur all the time in the classroom, especially a lab period.
Mistakes occur at the time of decision.
Mistakes occur when a job is done in a hurry.
Mistakes outweigh gains.
Mistakes pass down the line.
Mistakes provide good practice for dealing with life's setbacks.
Mistakes range in complexity and severity.
Mistakes really do pave the road to achievement.
Mistakes represent a documentation, development, and support burden for a long time.
Mistakes result in aneuploidy, which is frequently lethal.
Mistakes resulting from sloppy research are so annoying.
Mistakes show that an author is brave enough to try something new.
Mistakes simply represent feedback and are a necessary part of learning anything well.
Mistakes still get through the system.
Mistakes tend to get larger as a fencer becomes less comfortable.
Mistakes tend to get replicated.
Mistakes truly are wonderful opportunities to learn.
Mistakes unfortunately do happen during war time.
Mistakes unfortunately happen.
Mistakes always occur.
Mistakes always seem to wind up as touchdowns.
Mistakes frequently lead to accidents.
Mistakes often appear to be embezzlements.
Mistakes often happen when things are going well.
Mistakes often make new tricks.
Mistakes often occur when data are being entered or copied.
Mistakes often seem to have a way of being useful in some other way.
Mistakes often start out as the simplest of errors.
Mistakes often take months to correct.
Mistakes sometimes happen.
Mistakes sometimes make the story hard to read.
Mistakes Sometimes occur in the transcription of The code.
Mistakes sometimes occur.
All mistakes are dumb, but some mistakes are dumber than others.
All mistakes are intentional.
All mistakes are repeatable.
All mistakes are, however, the author s alone.
Any mistake concerning it makes the answer impossible to be received.
Any mistake is a potential career-killer.
Any mistakes are attributable only to the author.
Any mistakes are difficult to fix.
Any mistakes are entirely our own.
Any mistakes are inherent from their sources.
Any mistakes are likely to be slips of the pen rather than demonstrating lack of understanding.
Any mistakes are purely unintentional.
Any mistakes are the responsibility of the original contributor.
Any mistakes are unacceptable to employers.
Any mistakes are unintentional.
Any mistakes are, of course, our own.
Any mistakes can be easliy wiped off with a clean rag.
Any mistakes remain in the responsibility of the authors.
Any mistakes results in that person drinking a fine and starting at the beginning.
Every mistake can be a good teacher, though.
Every mistake has a reason.
Every mistake is a crisis.
Every mistake is a learning experience.
Every mistake is a lesson and an opportunity.
Every mistake is a lesson learned.
Every mistake is a training program.
Every mistake is an accident.
Every mistake is an opportunity to improve our system.
Every mistake made now is a potential mistake to be made again.
Many mistakes are correctable.
Many mistakes are possible in replication.
Many mistakes can happen due to all sorts of circumstances.
Many mistakes make the story very difficult to follow.
Many mistakes make the story very difficult to read.
Many mistakes occur because people read questions too quickly.
Many mistakes occur.
Most mistakes are disasters - the organism dies.
Most mistakes are misidentified countries and they just require an update.
Most mistakes are simple and harmless.
Most mistakes come from incorrect information provided on the form.
Most mistakes happen in film processing and they are generally irreparable.
Some mistakes are big and some mistakes are small.
Some mistakes are common even among relatively knowledgeable hikers.
Some mistakes are excusable.
Some mistakes are fatal, irreversible, and hard to recover from.
Some mistakes are intentional, and actually very ingenious.
Some mistakes are just annoying but some can be fatal.
Some mistakes are just mistakes.
Some mistakes are so frequent that regulatory agencies develop lists of common violations.
Some mistakes are stupid and serve as learning tools.
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
Some mistakes have no effect on the bacterial cell.
Some mistakes have to be repeated.
Some mistakes remain hidden until the system is used.
Some mistakes result in permanent, heritable, changes in the genome.
Some mistakes seem to stand forever.
Mistaken convictions occur.
Mistaken identities abound, sexual and otherwise.
Mistaken identity becomes a metaphor for distinguishing what is true and false.
Mistaken identity can be catastrophic.
Mistaken identity can land innocent people in jail.
Mistaken identity is a favorite gimmick.
Mistaken identity leads to false accusations .
Mistaken identity occurs when the wrong party is named and served.
Mistaken information leads to a witness to one of the contracts.
Mistaken interpretations are frequent but maliciousness is rare.
Mistaken keystrokes are common to most computer users.
Mistaken logic starts by assuming that physical time exists.
Many mistaken notions exist concerning the Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist.
A mistflower is a flower
Mistflowers do best in full sun but tolerate a little shade.
Misting systems are available although they are quite expensive.
Misting systems can help with the maintenance of frog-keeping.
Misting systems provide outdoor cooling through evaporation.
Most mistletoe berries contain toxic compounds poisonous to animals and to humans.
Mistletoe birds play roles.
Most mistletoe birds play roles.
Mistletoe fruit is high in protein, carbohydrates and lipids.
Mistletoe injections have effects.
Mistletoe injections have side effects.
Most mistletoe injections have effects.
Most mistletoe injections have side effects.
Mistletoe plants are male or female with tiny yellow-green flowers with four petals.
Some mistletoe plants grow on ranges.
Mistletoe seed is spread to other branches and more mistletoe clusters grow into the tree.
Mistletoe seeds are covered with a glue-like substance that sticks to the bills of birds.
Mistletoe seeds are disseminated by birds in several ways, depending on bird species.
Mistletoe seeds are explosive.
Mistletoe seeds are spread mostly by birds.
Mistletoe seeds need light.
A mistletoe is a parasitic plant
Mistletoe isa parasite.
Mistletoes are bushs.
Mistletoes contain chlorophyll.
Mistletoes grow on host plants.
Mistletoes grow on plants.
Mistletoes grow on trees.
Mistletoes have (part) cell membranes.
Mistletoes have (part) cells.
Mistletoes have (part) corpi.
Mistletoes have (part) cytoplasm.
Mistletoes have (part) nuclei.
Mistletoes have (part) plasma membranes.
Mistletoes have (part) sections.
Mistletoes have (part) vacuoles.
Mistletoes have berries.
Mistletoes have flowers.
Mistletoes have fragrant flowers.
Mistletoes have genus.
Mistletoes have green leaves.
Mistletoes have leaves.
Mistletoes have shape leaves.
Mistletoes have structures.
Mistletoes occur in localities.
Mistletoes show effects.
Most mistletoe is harvested in Oklahoma and Texas.
Most mistletoes contain chlorophyll.
Most mistletoes grow on host plants.
Most mistletoes grow on plants.
Most mistletoes grow on trees.
Most mistletoes have berries.
Most mistletoes have flowers.
Most mistletoes have fragrant flowers.
Most mistletoes have genus.
Most mistletoes have green leaves.
Most mistletoes have leaves.
Most mistletoes have shape leaves.
Most mistletoes have structures.
Most mistletoes occur in localities.
Most mistletoes show effects.
Some mistletoe can be poisonous.
Some mistletoes cause deformities.
Some mistletoes cause inflammatory reaction.
Some mistletoes cause mortality.
Some mistletoes cause reaction.
Some mistletoes grow as parasites on other parasitic mistletoes.
Some mistletoes have adverse effects.
Some mistletoes have chlorophyll.
Some mistletoes have effects.
Some mistletoes have few disease problems.
Some mistletoes have few problems.
Some mistletoes have fruit.
Some mistletoes have plants.
Some mistletoes have problems.
Some mistletoes have roots.
Some mistletoes have serious adverse effects.
Some mistletoes have serious effects.
Some mistletoes have use.
Some mistletoes make food.
Mistral sailors are still beach bums at heart.
A mistral is wind
Most Mistrals last one to three days, sometimes extending to a full week.
Mistranslation is a translation
Any mistranslations are unintentional and regretted.
Mistreatment continues even today.
Mistreatment is practice
Some mistreatment is only illegal if it is discriminatory.
Mistress of ceremonies asks the blessing.
A mistress is a lover
A mistress is a woman
Mistress can seduce a submissive to stretch limits, and never has to coerce.
Mistress is a courtesy title, as in concertmistress for the first violinist if a woman.
Mistress is as welcome now as it was then.
Mistress is petite but doesn t come across as such.
Mistress plays active role in beheading.
Mistresses are a job perk.
Mistresses are employers.
Mistresses are lovers.
Mistresses are women.
Mistresses is very wide.
Mistresses learn to head off that sort of attention.
Mistrust attracts mistrusts.
Mistrust breeds desperation.
Mistrust builds within the family and relationships become strained, eventually breaking down.
Mistrust is a trait
Mistrust is emotion.
Mistrust reduces the probability of reporting income, whether exactly or approximately.
Mistrust stiffens organisations.
Misty eyes bring springtime showers, The mighty rivers run . . .
Misty fjords slash the land like giant knife wounds.
Misty Isle is the Internet's largest skin care site.
Misty mornings are also a popular feature with visitors.
Misty Mountain is a natural stone and woodhouse with a two story glass atrium.
Misty Mountain is set in a country atmosphere that is peaceful and relaxing.
Misty Mountain manufactures two bouldering pad models.
Misty mountains tower over pristine lakes, and sheep dot the hillsides.
Misty River creates a sound that is both traditional-based and all their own.
Misty River is a quartet of musicians whose prowess as singers shines with radiance.
Misty thicket is also quite a bit less confusing.
Misty thicket is one of the best newbie places to hunt in.
Misuse of antibiotics can occur in several scenarios in the veterinary profession.
Misuse of antibiotics can prolong symptoms.
Misuse of drugs is simply another top level symptom of the bugs in the human condition.
Misuse of pesticides can lead to the development of chemical resistance in the target pest.
Misuse of pesticides can result in illness and death.
Misuse of pesticides has a number of adverse effects.
Misuse of statistics is unethical.
Misuse applies to equipment that is used improperly or for purposes other than originally intended.
Misuse can actually cause chronic daily headaches known as rebound headaches.
Misuse can be as fatal to a mark as mistakes during registration.
Misuse can cause breakage.
Misuse can cause serious eye irritation.
Misuse can cause serious financial problems.
Misuse can cause serious injury or death even in shallow water.
Misuse can cause the striking face to chip, possibly causing a serious injury.
Misuse can certainly appear at the application protocol level.
Misuse can crush it contents and reduce buoyancy.
Misuse can harm a great many people.
Misuse can lead to temporary and even permanent damage to the cornea.
Misuse can result in sudden and permanent hearing loss.
Misuse comes from ignorance, while abuse comes from the wrong attitude and motive.
Misuse includes selling the data to stalkers and abusive spouses.
Misuse is a defense recognized in strict liability.
Misuse is a serious problem.
Misuse is categorized by child passenger safety experts as gross, serious and minor.
Misuse is cause for prosecution.
Misuse is common.
Misuse is defined as either departmental misuse or operator misuse .
Misuse is defined as intoxication, illegal use, rowdiness, or destructiveness.
Misuse is extremely dangerous and can easily lead to death.
Misuse is highly uncommon.
Misuse is probably easier to find out about, and stop, than in other countries.
Misuse is subject to penalty.
Misuse is the problem.
Misuse is use
Misuse is use.
Misuse Outlined below are inappropriate uses for web server accounts.
Misuse suggests negligent variation from defined procedures.
Misuse suggests that the past is instrumentalized and distorted for political and other purposes.
Misuse voids any warranty, expressed or implied.
Misuses appear in movies, on television, and in computer software and games.
Misuse usually occurs in one of two areas.
Misuse usually refers to use that creates problems or harm, either for the individual or others.
Any misuse can be toxic, especially in children.
Any misuse is subject to disciplinary action.
Misused color detracts from an otherwise excellent map.
Misused pesticides can harm both aquatic and land species.
Misused preservatives can adversely affect a broad range of organisms.
Every misused word revenges itself forever upon a writer's reputation.
Misusing religion is a big mistake, but common.
Miswired outlets look exactly the same as the normal ones.
MIT freshman dies of alcohol poisoning.
Mite activity continues until mid-summer when it starts to decline.
Mite activity increases as skin is warmed by fever or high environmental temperature.
Some mite allergies lead to asthma.
Some mite allergies lead to severe asthma.
Mite damage is usually more apparent than the mites themselves.
Mite eggs are very small and spherical.
Most mite genera are oviparous, meaning they are laying eggs after insemination.
Mite infestations can leave leaves yellowed, speckled, bronzed and covered in webs.
Mite injury is first visible as light speckled areas on leaf surfaces.
Mite injury is most likely to be significant in the weeks following petal fall.
Mite invasion reduces the time interval between treatments.
Mite levels are usually highest in the fall.
Mite management remains to be a common concern to apple growers across Pennsylvania.
Mite numbers can also decrease quickly with rainfall or predator activity.
Mite numbers increase on the plant and they being to move upward to the newest growth.
Mite particles suspend in air.
Most mite particles suspend in air.
Mite pests seem to be found on every hand.
Mite predators play roles.
Mite predators play significant roles.
Most mite predators play roles.
Most mite predators play significant roles.
Mite pressure is low and is monitored by field monitoring.
Mite signs depend greatly on the species of mite.
Mite spiders go through development.
Mite spiders have ranges.
Most mite spiders go through development.
Most mite spiders have ranges.
Some mite spiders cause injuries.
Some mite spiders cause visible injuries.
Some mite spiders develop resistance.
Some mite spiders have life stages.
Some mite spiders have stages.
Some mite spiders reach full maturity.
Some mite spiders reach maturity.
Some mite spiders result in damage.
A mite is an amount
Mite isa arthropod.
Mites adapt to environments.
Mites adapt to host plants.
Mites adapt to novel host plants.
Mites adapt to plants.
Mites also can be parasitic on warm-blooded animals, including humans.
Mites also form fine webs on the undersides of leaves where they feed.
Mites also hate baths.
Mites also infest grain products.
Mites also love heat and reproduce much more slowly in cool temperatures.
Mites also move into soybean fields as grain and other crops mature.
Mites also suck plant juices.
Mites appear to be more numerous about the warmer, sunny south side of homes.
Mites are a common inhabitant of the bee colony.
Mites are a diverse group of animals.
Mites are a drag, plain and simple.
Mites are a frequent topic of discussion on the Internet forums.
Mites are a lot like ticks.
Mites are a member of the arachnid family that includes spiders, chiggers, and ticks.
Mites are a member of the arachnid family, which includes spiders, chiggers, and ticks.
Mites are a serious problem in Western Australian pastures.
Mites are a sign of poor environmental conditions.
Mites are a tiny, almost invisible parasite that can infest a hedgehog's quills and skin.
Mites are a very important part of the animal kingdom.
Mites are almost microscopic and best seen with a hand lens or magnifying glass.
Mites are almost transparent to cream in color with two dark spots on a side.
Mites are also in carpeting and furniture.
Mites are also parasites that cause dogs to scratch.
Mites are also subject to fungal disease.
Mites are among the most diverse and successful of all the invertebrate groups.
Mites are an external parasite and can cause systemic illness.
Mites are another story.
Mites are another type.
Mites are arachnids that can be either beneficial or a pest, depending on the species.
Mites are arachnids that live on the outer surfaces of plants and animals.
Mites are arachnids, like spider and scorpions, and are closely related to ticks.
Mites are arachnids, so they have eight legs.
Mites are aracnids.
Mites are arthropods, just like spiders.
Mites are arthropods.
Mites are both destructive and beneficial.
Mites are capable of explosive population growth.
Mites are common ectoparasites of many animals, including humans, mice, and herps.
Mites are common on citrus, crotons, avocados, copperleaf and mango.
Mites are common parasites on all kinds of arthropods, including many insect and spider species.
Mites are delicate and susceptible to dehydration.
Mites are difficult to control.
Mites are difficult to eliminate.
Mites are eight legged tiny creatures related to other arachnids like spiders.
Mites are eight-legged parasites that live in and around cats' ears.
Mites are everywhere people breed birds.
Mites are everywhere.
Mites are external parasites that can be easily treated with the right care.
Mites are external parasites that can infest a variety of reptiles.
Mites are external parasites.
Mites are extremely difficult to treat.
Mites are extremely resistant to even the harshest disinfectants.
Mites are extremely small and can barely be seen without a magnifying lens.
Mites are found in burrows in the skin.
Mites are generally an indication of either poor hygiene or poorly controlled environmental factors.
Mites are generally too small to be seen without a magnifying glass.
Mites are generally very troublesome storage pests, because they are so small and hard to see.
Mites are hard to detect and look like small dots on the backside of the leaves.
Mites are hard to find.
Mites are harder to eradicate.
Mites are hot weather pests that thrive on the dusty undersides of leaves.
Mites are however, known to be susceptible to a range of fungi and bacteria.
Mites are hugely important in a wide range of areas, from agriculture to forensics.
Mites are less likely to develop resistance to oil than to other insecticides.
Mites are located in beds.
Mites are located in carpets.
Mites are located in rugs.
Mites are microscopic and they cause ear disease and skin irritation.
Mites are microscopic parasites found in the air and on all surfaces.
Mites are microscopic, spider-like organisms that live within the outer layers of the skin.
Mites are minute arachnids requiring magnification for identification.
Mites are more closely related to spiders than to insects.
Mites are more closely related to ticks and spiders than to insects.
Mites are more difficult to kill.
Mites are most active in the winter months.
Mites are most damaging during the summer months since they favor hot, dry weather.
Mites are most frequently ectoparasites of the skin, mucous membranes and feathers.
Mites are most visible and active on overcast or cloudy days.
Mites are much more active than ticks, and appear to be tiny, moving specks.
Mites are no reason to reject a snake, but are definitely something to look out for.
Mites are often a problem in the home because of low humidity and warm temperatures.
Mites are one of the major indoor triggers for people with allergies and asthma.
Mites are one of the major triggers for people with allergies and asthma.
Mites are one of the most species-rich groups of arthropods that inhabit pitchers.
Mites are one of the oldest of all land animals.
Mites are one type of microscopic animal that can live on our bodies.
Mites are only a possible cause.
Mites are only aquatic arachnids.
Mites are parasitic pests, much like lice, which infest sparrows.
Mites are pinhead-sized, blood sucking arthropods closely related to ticks.
Mites are primitive creatures that have no developed respiratory system and no eyes.
Mites are reddish brown and stand out against the white baby drone.
Mites are reddish in color and uniformly shaped.
Mites are sensitive to the reproductive cycle of the female dog.
Mites are small and are thus difficult to identify.
Mites are small and difficult to see with the naked eye.
Mites are small blood sucking ecto parasites, which are irritating to snakes.
Mites are small blood sucking ectoparasites, which are irritating to snakes.
Mites are small parasites that attach themselves to the adults and young and feed on blood.
Mites are small spiders that attack the undersides of the leaves, new growth, and flowers.
Mites are so small that they're almost impossible to see without a magnifying glass.
Mites are so tiny that they pass through the vacuum cleaner bag.
Mites are teeny-tiny white bugs and are difficult to see without a magnifying glass or earscope.
Mites are the most common.
Mites are the most frequent pest on marigolds especially during hot weather.
Mites are the only other group that bears comparison.
Mites are the root cause of scabies.
Mites are the second most common invertebrate found in compost.
Mites are the smallest chelicerates.
Mites are therefore dependent on the mutualistic interaction between birds and plants.
Mites are tiny and sometimes microscopic parasites that can reside on humans and animals.
Mites are tiny arthropods, related to ticks.
Mites are tiny eight-legged animals that are closely related to ticks.
Mites are tiny little bugs that burrow in the skin.
Mites are tiny parasites that infect many animals, including rabbits.
Mites are tiny relatives of spiders.
Mites are tiny, and difficult to see with the unaided eye.
Mites are tiny, sap-feeding arachnids that are difficult to see with the naked eye.
Mites are tiny, spiderlike creatures that are typically found on the underside of leaves.
Mites are too small for the human eye to notice, but their dropping leave a white film on reptiles.
Mites are too small to detect, but symptoms include frantic scratching, biting, and chewing.
Mites are too small to see but are equally common.
Mites are truly ubiquitous.
Mites are usually more of a problem in hot dry climates or seasons.
Mites are very difficult to control.
Mites are very small and are hard to see without a magnifying glass.
Mites are very small and difficult to see.
Mites are very small and usually feed on the undersides of leaves.
Mites are very susceptible to environmental conditions, particularly temperature and rainfall.
Mites are very tine arthropods which occasionally infest structures and bite people.
Mites are very tiny arthropods closely related to insects.
Mites are virtually impossible to eradicate.
Mites are whitish and about the size of a pinhead.
Mites are wingless and usually pale yellow to red in color.
Mites attack almost all trees and shrubs.
Mites begin laying overwintering eggs on twigs as summer ends.
Mites begin to feed and oviposit as buds swell in the spring.
Mites begin to feed at the base of the tiny new needles at the tip of the expanding bud.
Mites belong to the arachnid group.
Mites bite occupants.
Mites burrow immediately after transmission but time to skin lesions is very variable.
Mites burrow into feathers.
Mites burrow into the skin or hair follicles, some burrowing deeper than others.
Mites burrow into the skin within one hour of transfer.
Mites burrow into the stratum corneum of the skin, depositing faeces as they burrow.
Mites can affect a plant by fading color and brown growing tips.
Mites can affect all animals including hamsters.
Mites can and often do kill plants over time.
Mites can be a problem during hot weather.
Mites can be a problem in our climate.
Mites can be a problem when the plants are grown indoors and out.
Mites can be a problem.
Mites can be a vector for the spread of diseases.
Mites can be even harder to see.
Mites can be good or bad.
Mites can be hard to get rid of due to the number of hiding places available in the habitat.
Mites can be particularly difficult to eradicate.
Mites can build up at different times in different blocks or years.
Mites can cause allergies in people.
Mites can cause injury when plants are in full sun and get dried out.
Mites can cause lesions.
Mites can cause severe foliage damage to plants.
Mites can complete their life cycle in five to eight days depending on temperature.
Mites can easily spread between members of a family.
Mites can escape from the bag in the sweeper.
Mites can injure tomatoes, beans, muskmelons, watermelons, and sweet corn.
Mites can live as parasites on other animals such as cats, birds, etc.
Mites can live for awhile in clothing and other items such as bedding and towels.
Mites can live on body parts where ever there is hair roots and sebaceous glands.
Mites can reside very deep in the ear canals.
Mites can serve as vectors for disease.
Mites can survive off the body for up to five days.
Mites can survive vacuuming because they stick to surfaces.
Mites carry pathogen.
Mites carry the wheat streak mosaic virus.
Mites cause a bronzed or stippled appearance on the foliage, especially in hot weather.
Mites cause a fading of green leaf color making the leaves look dusty or yellowed.
Mites cause a fading of green leaf color, making the leaves look dusty or yellowed.
Mites cause bronzing of the foliage and loss of green color.
Mites cause deformation of flowers and leaves.
Mites cause ear irritation.
Mites cause great economic losses in stored grain, other food and organic products.
Mites cause irritation.
Mites cause leaf discoloration.
Mites cause loss of green leaf color.
Mites cause mange.
Mites cause medical problems.
Mites cause mottling of the leaves and eventually drying of the foliage.
Mites cause older needles to become yellowed or stippled.
Mites cause paling of the leaves.
Mites cause problems.
Mites cause respiratory problems.
Mites cause speckling and yellowing of the leaves.
Mites cause the leaves to be grayish.
Mites cause the leaves to be spotted and dried out.
Mites cause the leaves to fade from green to yellow.
Mites cause the leaves to lose their good green color.
Mites cause the leaves to turn yellow and have a dusty appearance.
Mites cause the plants to lose their good green color and appear stippled.
Mites cause yellowed foliage.
Mites cause yellowing and speckling of the foliage.
Mites cause yellowing of the leaves.
Mites causes damage to foliage and in some cases to fruit.
Mites depend on atmospheric moisture and human dander for survival.
Mites destroy leaflet tissue by their feeding, causing leaflets to have a scorched appearance.
Mites develop on the bee brood.
Mites discolor the leaves.
Mites drink blood.
Mites drop from their host after each blood meal and can survive several days without feeding.
Mites eat particles of skin and dander, so they thrive in places where there are people.
Mites end up being moved in spite of everything.
Mites even invade the internal organs of humans, other vertebrates and invertebrates.
Mites feed along the midrib, causing the leaves to fold or twist upward to form the gall.
Mites feed by piercing tissue with their mouthparts and extracting cell contents.
Mites feed by sucking on the underside of leaves and often spin fine webs between leaves and limbs.
Mites feed by sucking sap from the plant.
Mites feed externally on conifer tree needles.
Mites feed off the blood of the ears of cats.
Mites feed on birds.
Mites feed on cloudy days or at night.
Mites feed on crop weeds.
Mites feed on dead skin but their faeces are highly allergenic.
Mites feed on dead skin.
Mites feed on foliage.
Mites feed on host pulmonary epithelial cells, erythrocytes and lymph.
Mites feed on mango leaves, flowers and young fruits.
Mites feed on needle sap and cause a small white or yellow spot at the feeding site.
Mites feed on plants.
Mites feed on shed human skin, and the bedroom is most often where they make their home.
Mites feed on shed skin.
Mites feed on skin.
Mites feed on substances.
Mites feed on the body fluids of the bee from the inside of the trachea and can be very numerous.
Mites feed on the undersides of young leaves.
Mites feed on weeds.
Mites feed only in daylight.
Mites feed primarily on the undersides of leaves, out of sight and away from direct sunlight.
Mites feed year-round in greenhouses.
Mites feed, multiply, and produce more fecal matter at higher RHs than at lower ones.
Mites feeding near the leaf margins causes the leaves to curl upward and toward the midvein.
Mites feeding on leaves cause injury to the tree by removing leaf tissue.
Mites feeding on the interior of the bud cause it to become distorted.
Mites go through a larval and nymph stage before becoming adults.
Mites go through life stages.
Mites go through major life stages.
Mites go through stages.
Mites grasp prey.
Mites hatching from the eggs soon begin to wander about, feeding and laying eggs.
Mites have (part) brains.
Mites have (part) carapaces.
Mites have (part) cell membranes.
Mites have (part) cells.
Mites have (part) corpi.
Mites have (part) cytoplasm.
Mites have (part) ears.
Mites have (part) faces.
Mites have (part) heads.
Mites have (part) nuclei.
Mites have (part) plasma membranes.
Mites have (part) sections.
Mites have (part) shells.
Mites have (part) skulls.
Mites have (part) thoraxes.
Mites have (part) vacuoles.
Mites have a six legged nymph stage and an eight legged adult stage.
Mites have an average lifespan of three months but in that short time span they set to work fast.
Mites have diets.
Mites have legs.
Mites have only one body part.
Mites have only one noticeable body region .
Mites have similar effects, except they turn leaves and fruits rusty-brown.
Mites have two or four eyes depending on type or species.
Mites help to keep fly larvae reduced in numbers.
Mites hide in cracks.
Mites increase rapidly because conditions under the scab are ideal for their development.
Mites infect humans.
Mites infest follicles.
Mites infest hair follicles.
Mites infest human follicles.
Mites infest human hair follicles.
Mites infest plants.
Mites inhabit surfaces.
Mites invade structures.
Mites lack chewing mouth parts, but use chelicerae to suck out cell contents.
Mites leave foliage speckled and yellow.
Mites leave the trachea after the death of the bee.
Mites leave the tracheae after the death of the bee.
Mites like to live in box springs, mattresses, pillows, and carpets.
Mites live in carpet, bedding, etc., and consume skin particles from humans.
Mites live in follicles.
Mites live in hair follicles.
Mites live in the warm space between a rug and concrete.
Mites live on surfaces.
Mites live on the skin of the birds.
Mites live permanently on humans and animals.
Mites live routinely in the ear canal.
Mites living within galls are much more difficult to control.
Mites love citrus plants but hate high humidity.
Mites love warmth, unpainted woodwork, and the more crevices the better.
Mites move into cotton from border vegetation, often after mowing.
Mites move to the emerging wheat by wind.
Mites multiply rapidly during hot dry weather.
Mites obtain water from air to survive.
Mites occupy a wide range of ecological niches .
Mites occur under the dead body in the soil, during the later stages of decay.
Mites only become a problem when their populations explode.
Mites only live on the host.
Mites pass through larval stages.
Mites pass through stages.
Mites peak in the winter and spring months.
Mites penetrate leaf surfaces with their sharp, slender mouthparts and remove cell contents.
Mites penetrate the breathing tube walls with their mouthparts and feed on blood.
Mites penetrate the breathing tubes with their mouthparts and feed on blood.
Mites pierce the skin to feed on tissue fluids.
Mites prefer adult bees less than four days old.
Mites prefer conditions.
Mites prefer dry conditions.
Mites prefer the ears, elbows, hocks, and face.
Mites prefer warm, moist surroundings such as the inside of a mattress when someone is on it.
Mites prey on insects.
Mites prey upon nematodes.
Mites primarily feed on lower leaf surfaces.
Mites proliferate in hot, dry weather.
Mites reach maturity very quickly and live for one or two weeks.
Mites reproduce within the tracheae, generally increasing in number as bees age.
Mites require honey bees to survive.
Mites seem to be deterred by sunlight reflecting off aluminum foil onto the underside of leaves.
Mites spin very fine webs over the places where they are feeding.
Mites strike most often when the air is hot and dry.
Mites stunt the new growth and discolor the foliage.
Mites suck blood.
Mites suck out plant juices and cause leaves to become mottled and eventually drop.
Mites suck plant juices and leave foliage speckled and yellow.
Mites suck plant juices, causing whitish or yellowish speckled areas on tops of leaves.
Mites survive on diets.
Mites tend to be more of a problem during hot, dry periods.
Mites tend to be more of a problem in areas with high amounts of dust.
Mites tend to build up around field margins during hot, dry weather.
Mites thrive in any humid place in the home.
Mites thrive in conditions.
Mites thrive in dry conditions.
Mites thrive on dead human skin cells in bedding, carpeting and upholstery.
Mites thrive on humidity.
Mites transmit Asiatic scrub typhus to humans.
Mites travel around within houses and between houses very easily.
Mites typically have two body segments, four pairs of legs and an exoskeleton.
Mites typically live in colonies and produce a thin web on lower leaf surfaces.
Mites typically live in colonies producing a thin web on lower leaf surfaces.
Mites undergo incomplete metamorphosis.
Mites undergo metamorphosis.
Mites vary greatly in appearance and habits.
Mites vary in color from white and pale yellow, gray or green to brilliant red or orange.
Mites vary in color from yellowish, greenish, orange to reddish or red.
Mites frequently pass between plants by crawling or ballooning from one plant to another.
Mites often infest chestnut leaves, causing a rusty brown appearance.
Mites often make a very fine webbing, while slugs leave slime trails.
Mites often reach damaging numbers during the winter months.
Mites sometimes come in via wood shavings and require treatment.
Mites usually feed on the bird at night and retreat to cage corners and seams during the day.
All mites are very tiny and almost microscopic.
Many mites are parasitic on other arthropods, on mollusks, or on vertebrates.
Many mites feeding give the needle a stippled or rusted appearance.
Many mites have complex symbiotic associations with the larger organisms on which they live.
Many mites possess extremely intricate life styles in close association with plant and animal hosts.
Most mites adapt to environments.
Most mites adapt to host plants.
Most mites adapt to novel host plants.
Most mites adapt to plants.
Most mites are beneficial, feeding on microorganisms or on other small animals.
Most mites are difficult to see clearly without magnification.
Most mites are external parasites, particularly in larval stages.
Most mites are harmless predators of insects, or feeders on decaying plant material.
Most mites are microscopic.
Most mites are minute free-living or parasitic arthropods in terrestrial or aquatic environments.
Most mites are round or oval in shape with head, thorax, and abdo- men fused.
Most mites carry pathogen.
Most mites cause ear irritation.
Most mites cause irritation.
Most mites cause medical problems.
Most mites cause problems.
Most mites cause respiratory problems.
Most mites drink blood.
Most mites eat plants or other insects.
Most mites feed on birds.
Most mites feed on crop weeds.
Most mites feed on dead skin.
Most mites feed on foliage.
Most mites feed on plants.
Most mites feed on shed skin.
Most mites feed on skin.
Most mites feed on substances.
Most mites feed on weeds.
Most mites go through life stages.
Most mites go through major life stages.
Most mites go through stages.
Most mites grasp prey.
Most mites have diets.
Most mites have legs.
Most mites hide in cracks.
Most mites inhabit the superficial portion of the skin, leading to thickening and flaking.
Most mites invade structures.
Most mites live in follicles.
Most mites live in hair follicles.
Most mites live on surfaces.
Most mites pass through larval stages.
Most mites pass through stages.
Most mites prefer dry conditions.
Most mites suck blood.
Most mites survive on diets.
Most mites thrive in conditions.
Most mites thrive in dry conditions.
Most mites undergo incomplete metamorphosis.
Most mites undergo metamorphosis.
Some mites are beneficial because they feed on plant mites.
Some mites are beneficial predators that eat other mites.
Some mites are free-living scavengers or predators.
Some mites are parasites.
Some mites are predators.
Some mites are predominately found on or in the ears, others commonly affect the elbows or feet.
Some mites are so well hidden that even with a microscope, they elude detection.
Some mites become adults.
Some mites become problems.
Some mites become real problems.
Some mites belong to families.
Some mites burrow into skin.
Some mites burrow into the skin and cause a condition called scabies .
Some mites carry viruses.
Some mites cause anemia.
Some mites cause damage.
Some mites cause diseases.
Some mites cause extensive damage.
Some mites cause infection.
Some mites cause injuries.
Some mites cause intense itching, while others cause hair loss.
Some mites cause serious diseases.
Some mites cause skin infection.
Some mites consume blood.
Some mites destroy gardens.
Some mites develop feed habits.
Some mites develop habits.
Some mites die within weeks.
Some mites eat detrituses.
Some mites eat fungi.
Some mites enter buildings.
Some mites enter houses.
Some mites feed on bees.
Some mites feed on fluid.
Some mites feed on sides.
Some mites feed on springtails.
Some mites feed on tissue fluid.
Some mites go into hibernation.
Some mites go into summer hibernation.
Some mites go through phases.
Some mites harbor diseases like the red spider.
Some mites have antennas.
Some mites have areas.
Some mites have expectancy.
Some mites have eyes, but many are blind.
Some mites have eyes.
Some mites have life expectancy.
Some mites have needles.
Some mites have no heart at all.
Some mites have predators.
Some mites hitch a ride on other arthropods.
Some mites infect dogs.
Some mites invade homes.
Some mites invade skin.
Some mites kill canaries.
Some mites kill larvae.
Some mites kill plants.
Some mites kill wort plants.
Some mites leave burrows.
Some mites live entirely in the water, and many are parasitic on insects.
Some mites live for months.
Some mites live in bedrooms.
Some mites live in colonies.
Some mites live in curtains.
Some mites live in grass.
Some mites live in green grass.
Some mites live in homes.
Some mites live in sea.
Some mites live in towels.
Some mites live on or in insects.
Some mites move patches.
Some mites prefer environments.
Some mites prefer humid environments.
Some mites produce substances.
Some mites show cost.
Some mites spin silken thread.
Some mites survive months.
Some mites survive several months.
Some mites survive years.
Some mites take up residences.
Some mites thrive in environments.
Some mites transmit bacteria.
Some mites transmit diseases.
Some mites transmit viruses.
Some mites travel up to cms.
Some mites use methods.
Mitec customers agree that our service and technical support are unbeatable.
Mitered corners are a sign of quality work.
Mitered corners are available with all bindings, except the narrow cotton.
Mitered corners provide a smooth transition from face to face.
Mitered joins are sharp, rounded joins are round, and beveled joins are squared off.
Mitered joints are stronger and look better than butt joints.
Mitigating factors can save one's life.
Mitigation banks can expedite permit review.
Mitigation banks work in other places, and they usually make money in the long run.
Mitigation banking can have several advantages over traditional compensatory mitigation.
Mitigation banking is also cost-efficient for land management needs, particularly prescribed fire.
Mitigation banking is an approved and accepted method for compensating for unavoidable impacts.
Mitigation of damages is encouraged.
Mitigation begins the process of healing and replacing that world.
Mitigation can be a strategy for avoiding extinction or endangerment.
Mitigation can be in the form of wetland restoration, creation, enhancement, or preservation.
Mitigation can include refresher training for both the animal and the tenant.
Mitigation can take a number of forms .
Mitigation can take any number of forms.
Mitigation can take place before and after emergencies.
Mitigation currently meets affordable housing criteria.
Mitigation emerges as major strategy for reducing losses caused by natural disasters.
Mitigation Fails to Adequately Replace Lost Wetlands.
Mitigation focuses on internal and global management of the problem.
Mitigation includes everything from wise land use and safe home construction to disaster plans.
Mitigation involves taking steps to reduce the amount of damage from rising water.
Mitigation is a concept that involves taking measures to protect property.
Mitigation is a key component of emergency management.
Mitigation is a local issue.
Mitigation is a proven, cost-effective option, for businesses to reduce their expose to damages.
Mitigation is a proven, cost-effective option, for businesses to reduce their exposure to damages.
Mitigation is a reduction
Mitigation is a step in the right direction, but it's no panacea.
Mitigation is a wise investment, while the consequences of doing nothing are severe.
Mitigation is action taken now to prevent damage in the future.
Mitigation is all about replacing functions.
Mitigation is an important part of emergency management.
Mitigation is controversial with environmentalists and popular with agencies.
Mitigation is cost effective.
Mitigation is critical.
Mitigation is everyone's business, and it needs to be met through specific objectives.
Mitigation is necessarily the sum of many individual actions.
Mitigation is necessary to avoid or reduce the causes of adverse climate change.
Mitigation is often the most cost-effective, environmentally sound approach to reducing losses.
Mitigation is one side of the story.
Mitigation is proposed for consumptive use.
Mitigation is required whenever intertidal dredge or fill is permitted.
Mitigation is specified by special conditions of the permit.
Mitigation is that which tends to soften, temper, or make less harsh or severe.
Mitigation is the cornerstone of emergency management.
Mitigation is the effort to reduce loss of life and property by lessening the impact of disasters.
Mitigation is the key to reducing the human and economic consequences.
Mitigation is the key to survival in every natural hazard situation.
Mitigation is the ongoing effort to lessen the impact disasters have on people and property.
Mitigation is the ongoing effort to lessen the impact of natural disasters on people and property.
Mitigation looks good on paper but there are some issues that are hard to resolve.
Mitigation means capitulation.
Mitigation means to lessen the effects of or prevent an emergency or a disaster.
Mitigation needs to be revisited.
Mitigation pays .
Mitigation requires cooperation among nations.
Mitigation saves money and it saves lives.
Mitochodrial diseases are quite variable in their features.
Mitochondria affect all aspects of mammalian reproduction.
Mitochondria aggregrate about axoneme fusing into mitochondrial matrix.
Mitochondria also contain a bit of DNA which controls how they work.
Mitochondria also derive from symbiosis , but chloroplasts are found only in plants and protista .
Mitochondria also derive from symbiosis, but chloroplasts are found only in plants and protista.
Mitochondria also differ in the fuels they can bum.
Mitochondria also have their own DNA , remnants of a bacterial chromosome.
Mitochondria are a part of eukaryotic cells.
Mitochondria are a part of the cell that is responsible for energy production.
Mitochondria are a third-partner in photorespiration.
Mitochondria are a typical example.
Mitochondria are about the size of an average bacterium.
Mitochondria are actually the fat-burning chambers within the body's cells.
Mitochondria are also a site of free radical production.
Mitochondria are also difficult to detect.
Mitochondria are another source of free radicals in the eye.
Mitochondria are bacteria that became specialized as energy producers.
Mitochondria are bounded by two membranes, and usually contain a small genome.
Mitochondria are brown.
Mitochondria are cellular organelles that are required for energy production.
Mitochondria are critical components of cellular energy balance, calcium dynamics, and apoptosis.
Mitochondria are crucial for maintaining cardiac function.
Mitochondria are double-membraned.
Mitochondria are energy factories deep inside each cell.
Mitochondria are energy producers inside cells and contain DNA for limited protein construction.
Mitochondria are energy-generators.
Mitochondria are essential for oxidative phosphorylation.
Mitochondria are essential organelles for all eukaryotic cells that use oxygen.
Mitochondria are essential organelles that can arise only from pre-existing mitochondria.
Mitochondria are essential to the regulation of energy production and metabolic rate.
Mitochondria are exceedingly important as storage tanks for calcium ions.
Mitochondria are found in almost all eukaryotic cells.
Mitochondria are found in animal, human, plant, protist and fungi cells.
Mitochondria are found in both plant and animal cells and are the site of cellular respiration.
Mitochondria are frequently ellipsoid and can be branched, cell nuclei are frequently ellipsoid.
Mitochondria are highly susceptible to oxidative stress, which reinforces the other factors.
Mitochondria are important organelles for cellular energy.
Mitochondria are known as the powerhouses of the cell.
Mitochondria are maternally inherited, so genetic variation arises largely from mutation alone.
Mitochondria are membrane-bound organelles, and like the nucleus have a double membrane.
Mitochondria are membranous organelles in which aerobic cellular respiration occurs.
Mitochondria are microscopic energy factories housed inside the body's cells.
Mitochondria are microscopic organelles that are scattered throughout the cytoplasm of all cells.
Mitochondria are minute energy boosters that fuel our very life.
Mitochondria are more numerous.
Mitochondria are numerous and have flattened mitochondrial cristae.
Mitochondria are of the discoidal cristae type.
Mitochondria are of the flattened christae type.
Mitochondria are of the tubular cristae type.
Mitochondria are often difficult to see in living cells.
Mitochondria are one organelle.
Mitochondria are organelles bounded by a double membrane.
Mitochondria are organelles of eukaryote cells.
Mitochondria are organelles that provide much of the energy cells use for the work they do.
Mitochondria are organelles that release energy to be used by the cell.
Mitochondria are organelles that serve as power sources to the cell.
Mitochondria are organelles within cell that when damaged, can have devastating effects on the body.
Mitochondria are outside the cell kernel and provide the necessary energy it needs to survive.
Mitochondria are packed in the distal portion of the cell near the contractile fibrils.
Mitochondria are parts of human cells that provide energy for the cell.
Mitochondria are power generators in the cytoplasm of the cell.
Mitochondria are present in both animals and plants.
Mitochondria are present to varying degrees in different eukaryotic cells.
Mitochondria are pseudocolored in red.
Mitochondria are responsible for aerobic cellular respiration.
Mitochondria are responsible for converting glucose to energy.
Mitochondria are responsible for producing cellular energy.
Mitochondria are rodshaped structures scattered through the cytoplasm.
Mitochondria are self sufficient with regard to cardiolipin biosynthesis.
Mitochondria are self-replicating and bound by membranes.
Mitochondria are shaped perfectly to maximize their productivity.
Mitochondria are small organelles floating free throughout the cell.
Mitochondria are small organelles that function as the biological powerhouses of the cell.
Mitochondria are small, oval bodies that provide energy for cell growth.
Mitochondria are small, oval shaped organelles surrounded by two highly specialized membranes.
Mitochondria are small, threadlike particles in the cytoplasm, the fluid inside the cell walls.
Mitochondria are some of the most important structures in the cell.
Mitochondria are somewhat like cells within cells.
Mitochondria are special because they have their own ribosomes and DNA floating in the matrix.
Mitochondria are specialized parts of cells largely responsible for generating energy.
Mitochondria are structures essential for many cellular functions including energy production.
Mitochondria are subcellular organelles present in all cells except erythrocytes.
Mitochondria are the batteries of the cells that provide usable energy.
Mitochondria are the cell's energy factories.
Mitochondria are the cell's power plant.
Mitochondria are the cell's power producers.
Mitochondria are the cellular organelles responsible for the life-sustaining process of respiration.
Mitochondria are the center of cellular enzyme activity.
Mitochondria are the energy packs within cells.
Mitochondria are the energy producing organelles of the cell.
Mitochondria are the energy sources for cells.
Mitochondria are the energy sources within cells.
Mitochondria are the energy-processing machinery in cells.
Mitochondria are the energy-producing powerhouses of the cell.
Mitochondria are the main source of energy in cells.
Mitochondria are the main source of energy within the cell and are essential for multicelluar life.
Mitochondria are the organelle in the cell that manage energy consumption.
Mitochondria are the organelles that convert energy to forms that cells can use for work.
Mitochondria are the part of cells that convert pyruvate into energy.
Mitochondria are the part of cells that turn fats and sugars into energy.
Mitochondria are the power plants of the cell that use oxygen to create energy.
Mitochondria are the power plants of the cell.
Mitochondria are the power plants of the cells, where energy for all life processes is generated.
Mitochondria are the powerhouse of our bodies' cells.
Mitochondria are the powerhouses of the cell, producing usable energy.
Mitochondria are the primary energy producers in cells.
Mitochondria are the site of energy production for cells.
Mitochondria are the sites where cellular respiration takes place.
Mitochondria are the source of energy production by oxidative phosphorylation.
Mitochondria are the tiny powerhouses of the cell.
Mitochondria are the working organelles that keep the cell full of energy.
Mitochondria are thought to be the descendants of certain alpha proteobacteria.
Mitochondria are thought to be the descendants of certain alpha-proteobacteria.
Mitochondria are tiny powerhouses within cells intimately involved in energy production.
Mitochondria are tiny rods found inside all human cells.
Mitochondria are tiny sac-like structures found near the nucleus.
Mitochondria are unique in having their own sets of DNA, separate from the nucleus .
Mitochondria are useful in tracking kinship.
Mitochondria are very abundant in cells that require lots of energy.
Mitochondria are very efficient at generating proton gradient.
Mitochondria are very small structures that are present within every cell in the body.
Mitochondria are vital structures within the cells of the human body.
Mitochondria become concentrated into the sheath of the middle piece.
Mitochondria become filiform.
Mitochondria carry their own genes.
Mitochondria contain a complete genetic system.
Mitochondria contain DNA and are capable of self-replication.
Mitochondria contain DNA in the form of a ring.
Mitochondria contain enzymes that convert food into energy.
Mitochondria contain inner membranes called cristae.
Mitochondria contain the only DNA outside the nucleus in mammalian cells.
Mitochondria contain their own DNA, and a single cell can have hundreds of individual mitochondria.
Mitochondria contain their own genome and are capable of transcription and translation.
Mitochondria contain working parts that are very much like the ones in bacteria.
Mitochondria contains DNA for self replication.
Mitochondria cover the nuclear surface at specific developmental stages.
Mitochondria develop by division, too.
Mitochondria divide by binary fission , similar to bacterial cell division.
Mitochondria divide by binary fission similar to bacterial cell division .
Mitochondria divide by binary fission similar to bacterial cell division.
Mitochondria divide on their own by a process that resembles binary fission in prokaryotes.
Mitochondria exist in very few numbers during the early stages of oogenesis.
Mitochondria has a inner and outer membranes, the inner one with shelves called cristae.
Mitochondria have a double membrane structure, with the inner membrane being highly folded.
Mitochondria have a fluid-filled space called the matrix.
Mitochondria have a negative charge inside to help import positively charged proteins.
Mitochondria have a several dozen genes, mostly specialized in aerobic cellular respiration.
Mitochondria have a unique behavior during development.
Mitochondria have about as much in common with bacteria as apples do with oranges.
Mitochondria have an inner membrane and an outer membrane.
Mitochondria have an inner membrane system called thylakoid membranes.
Mitochondria have diverse metabolic functions, which vary from tissue to tissue.
Mitochondria have double membranes, consistent with the engulfing mechanism.
Mitochondria have their own circular chromosomes, with a small number of genes.
Mitochondria have their own DNA, and new mitochondria arise only when existing ones grow and divide.
Mitochondria have their own genetic code and protein-building parts.
Mitochondria have their own genetic material.
Mitochondria have tubular cristae.
Mitochondria is found in all animal cells that convert the energy in food into fuel for the cells.
Mitochondria is more of a eukaryotic thing.
Mitochondria Is the powerhouse for our body.
Mitochondria is very abundant in muscle cells distributed along the myofibrils.
Mitochondria live inside the cells of all animals, plants, and fungi.
Mitochondria make usable energy from glucose.
Mitochondria manufacture crystals of hydroxylapatite.
Mitochondria metabolize nutrients to generate usable energy.
Mitochondria move around the cell along microtubules.
Mitochondria occur both in animal and plant cells, plastids only in the latter.
Mitochondria occur in animal as well as in plant cells, plastids only in plants.
Mitochondria oxidize food to water, carbon dioxide, and energy.
Mitochondria perform cellular respiration.
Mitochondria play a crucial role in the metabolism of mammalian cells.
Mitochondria play a pivotal role in cell death.
Mitochondria play a vital role in cell function.
Mitochondria play an important role in cell proliferation and metabolism.
Mitochondria plays a crucial role in oxidative metabolism.
Mitochondria posses their own DNA and ribosomes.
Mitochondria possess two membranes each, with the inner membrane folding into cristae.
Mitochondria produce enzymes that convert food to energy.
Mitochondria produce the energy necessary for the cell to function.
Mitochondria proliferate and form long chains and rings.
Mitochondria provide the cell with energy through metabolism.
Mitochondria provide the energy that drives that cell.
Mitochondria replicate much like bacterial cells.
Mitochondria replicate within the cell and have their own DNA and ribosomes.
Mitochondria replicates independently from the rest of the cell.
Mitochondria reproduce by binary fission.
Mitochondria require large amounts of oxygen to support energy metabolism.
Mitochondria resemble bacteria in several other respects.
Mitochondria serve as the major sites for energy production within the cell.
Mitochondria supply the cell with energy by hosting the reaction between glucose and oxygen.
Mitochondria surround the photocytes.
Mitochondria synthesize protein using biochemical pathways similar to prokaryotes.
Mitochondria tell cells when to live and die, and control cell growth.
Mitochondria then insert iron into heme, which is later turned into hemoglobin.
Mitochondria use oxygen and glucose to produce most of the cell's energy.
Mitochondria utilize a slightly different genetic code than does the nucleus.
Mitochondria vary in number and location according to cell type.
Many mitochondria are present, along with abundant endoplasmic reticulum.
Most mitochondria have cell membranes.
Most mitochondria have membranes.
Most mitochondria have outer membranes.
Some mitochondria are located in mammals.
Mitochondrial activity is required for the passage through the insect vector.
Mitochondrial antibodies are negative.
Mitochondrial damage can seal the cell's fate by activating caspases, the death enzymes.
Mitochondrial disease can also mask itself to look like a spinocerebellar ataxia.
Mitochondrial disease can pass to a progeny only through mothers in human beings.
Mitochondrial disease is incurable and there are few treatments.
Mitochondrial diseases are very variable in their features so called clinical heterogeneity.
Mitochondrial diseases can affect any organ in the body and at any age.
Mitochondrial diseases can sometimes increase the risk of a stroke.
Mitochondrial diseases compromise their lives and can be fatal.
Many mitochondrial diseases result in the accumulation of organic acids in the body.
Mitochondrial dysfunction can cause many of the common side effects attributed to NRTIs.
Mitochondrial dysfunction is a primary event in glutamate neurotoxicity.
Mitochondrial dysfunctions lies at the heart of the sideroblastic anemias.
Mitochondrial function declines with age.
Mitochondrial function depends upon the coordinate action of two genomes.
Mitochondrial function is greatly impaired during apoptosis.
Mitochondrial function is therefore detrimental to the fidelity of mitochondrial replication.
Some mitochondrial functions are performed only in specific types of cells.
Mitochondrial genes help shape basic metabolic functions.
Mitochondrial genome reflects geographic differences.
Mitochondrial genomes are remarkably diverse.
Most mitochondrial genomes are circular, although exceptions have been reported.
Mitochondrial genomics flies high.
Mitochondrial matrix is the innermost compartment of the mitochondria.
Mitochondrial myopathies affect people in many ways.
Mitochondrial myopathies are typically inherited disorders.
Mitochondrial organelles are functionally and genomically diverse.
Mitochondrial perturbations define lymphocytes undergoing apoptotic depletion in vivo.
Mitochondrial proteins are the targets of oxidative damage due to dopamine.
Mitochondrial proteins vary depending on the tissue and the species.
Many mitochondrial proteins are part of a complex.
Mitochondrial ribosomes are similar to bacterial ribosomes.
Mitochondrial ribosomes resemble prokaryotic ribosomes.
Mitochondrial ribosomes vary, but are also more similar to prokaryotic ribosomes.
Mitochondrial sequences show diverse evolutionary histories of African hominids.
Mitochondrial sequences show diverse evolutionary histories of African hominoids.
Mitochondrial sequences show diverse evolutionary histories of African homonoids.
Mitochondrial sequences show diverse histories of African hominoids.
Mitochondrial studies divide the western, central, and eastern chimps into discrete groups.
Mitochondrial toxicity is one of the class warnings for side effects for nucleoside analog RTIs.
Mitochondrial transcription is subject to glucose repression.
Mitochondrial variables Am.
Mitochondria have (part) corpi.
Mitochondria have (part) lobes.
Mitochondria have cell membranes.
Mitochondria have membranes.
Mitochondria have outer membranes.
Mitochondria replicate by fission, as do bacteria.
Mitochondrion also play a pivotal role in programmed cell death.
Mitochondrion has a double membrane system.
Mitochondrion has double membrane with an intermembrane space between outer and inner membrane.
Mitochondrion isa organelle.
Mitochondrions are located in cells.
Mitochondrions are organelles.
Mitogenic activity is enhanced by simultaneous inhibition of apoptosis.
Mitosis activates transgene expression of plasmid delivered by cationic liposomes.
Mitosis allows for growth and development to adulthood.
Mitosis also is the process lead- ing to cell increase and to growth in multicellular life.
Mitosis are frequently present and occasionally bizarre.
Mitosis begins in ernest now.
Mitosis begins in the hyphae, which helps with the development of the asci.
Mitosis begins with prophase.
Mitosis begins with the stage metaphase.
Mitosis brings about an equal distribution of DNA to daughter cells.
Mitosis can occur in haploid cells as well as diploid ones.
Mitosis can occur in the absence of cytokinesis because cytokinesis occurs after mitosis.
Mitosis check pint gives the clear for the cell to divide.
Mitosis consists of four phases.
Mitosis consists of four stages.
Mitosis continue the growth of the organism after fertilization.
Mitosis deals only with the segregation of the chromosomes and organelles into daughter cells.
Mitosis depends on the mitotic spindle, a structure built largely from microtubules.
Mitosis divides the chromosomes in a cell nucleus .
Mitosis divides the zygote and daughter cells, forming the cells of the adult.
Mitosis enables growth and repair to occur.
Mitosis ends when a B spermatogonium yields two primary spermatocytes.
Mitosis ensures that chromosomal DNA and protein are equally distributed to the offspring cells.
Mitosis ensures that each daughter cell gets a copy of every chromosome.
Mitosis follows fertilization and egg laying.
Mitosis follows with migration of one nucleus to the new cell.
Mitosis happens for asexual reproduction.
Mitosis happens in all types of cells in the human body except with sperm and ova cells .
Mitosis happens in all types of cells in the human body except with sperm and ova cells.
Mitosis happens in every organism, while meiosis only occurs in humans, animals, plants and fungi.
Mitosis has (part) cytokinesis.
Mitosis has six distinct steps in which the cell organizes and copies the DNA in the nucleus.
Mitosis involves a single division of the nucleus after chromosome replication.
Mitosis involves division.
Mitosis involves replication of the genetic material, followed by a single round of cell division.
Mitosis involves replication.
Mitosis is a cinch to grasp, and meiosis is pretty good too.
Mitosis is a continuous process which has been broken down into five stages.
Mitosis is a continuum of changes.
Mitosis is a dynamic process that is process that is best viewed in living cells.
Mitosis is a process by which cells divide.
Mitosis is a process that creates a nearly exact copy of the original cell.
Mitosis is a process that occurs over time.
Mitosis is a process that separates the two identical sets of chromosomes.
Mitosis is a simple, single cell division .
Mitosis is a special kind of cell division used by eukaryote cells.
Mitosis is a very accurate process.
Mitosis is a virulent information usurpation.
Mitosis is an all or none event.
Mitosis is an integral part of asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is arrested at metaphase.
Mitosis is asexual reproduction and meiosis is sexual reproduction.
Mitosis is cell division which results in two identical cells.
Mitosis is cell division.
Mitosis is cellular division
Mitosis is characterized by one division and no reduction division.
Mitosis is closed, with an extranuclear mitotic spindle .
Mitosis is complete.
Mitosis is completed.
Mitosis is considered nuclear division, since the focus is upon the genetic material of the cell.
Mitosis is described as prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase.
Mitosis is diagrammed here.
Mitosis is essential for growth and repair.
Mitosis is followed by cytokinesis, the splitting of the cytoplasm .
Mitosis is followed by cytokinesis, when the cytoplasm divides, resulting in two cells.
Mitosis is followed by cytokinesis.
Mitosis is how individual cells reproduce and it works fine for that.
Mitosis is in essence the division of the nucleus to generate two genetically identical nuclei.
Mitosis is in the anaphase.
Mitosis is involved in somatic cell reproduction.
Mitosis is involved in the growth of a child and repair of tissues during life.
Mitosis is just one stage in the life of the cell.
Mitosis is less complicated than meiosis because it carries out less complicated functions.
Mitosis is like the first step of meiosis.
Mitosis is more or less simultaneous throughout an anther.
Mitosis is much shorter than interphase, lasting perhaps only one to two hours.
Mitosis is necessary for asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is needed for mutation to occur.
Mitosis is needed in order for mutation to happen.
Mitosis is now complete, and the cells reenter interphase.
Mitosis is now nearly complete.
Mitosis is observedin embryonic, or developing, cells.
Mitosis is one process which is absolutely dependent on the function of kinesin related proteins.
Mitosis is only a part of the cell cycle, a sequence of events in the life of a dividing cell.
Mitosis is part of a larger process called the cell cycle.
Mitosis is part of the cell cycle.
Mitosis is really a division of the nucleus into two identical nuclei.
Mitosis is replication and division of the nucleus.
Mitosis is required for multicellular organisms to grow.
Mitosis is situations.
Mitosis is subdivided into four phases.
Mitosis is termed to be open as the nuclear membrane disappears during mitosis.
Mitosis is the actual splitting of the original cell into two new cells.
Mitosis is the basis of asexual reproduction and is involved only in the somatic cells.
Mitosis is the division of body cells which results in results in two daughter diploid cells.
Mitosis is the division of one cell into two cells.
Mitosis is the division of the cell into identical daughter cells.
Mitosis is the division of the nucleus stage.
Mitosis is the duplication of a cell, a process which allows for all asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is the most dramatic event in a cell's life.
Mitosis is the part of cell division in which the nucleus divides into two identical nuclei.
Mitosis is the part of the cell cycle during which the nucleus divides.
Mitosis is the phase at which the daughter chromosomes separate and in which cell division occurs.
Mitosis is the process in which the nucleus of the cell divides.
Mitosis is the process in which two daughter cells are formed from one parent asexually.
Mitosis is the process of asexual reproduction of cells.
Mitosis is the process of asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is the process of cell division in a-sexual reproduction.
Mitosis is the process of cell division in which a cells divides into two identical daughter cells.
Mitosis is the process of cell division that produces two exact copies of a cell.
Mitosis is the process of dividing chromosomes during cell division in eukaryotic cells .
Mitosis is the process of 'divvying up' the genome between dividing cells.
Mitosis is the process that reduces the chromosome number in half.
Mitosis is the process when a cell divides into an exact replica of the other.
Mitosis is the replication of the chromosomes and the production of two nuclei in one cell.
Mitosis is the reproduction of skin, heart, stomach, cheek, hair etc. cells.
Mitosis is the stage during which the cell separates into two new cells.
Mitosis is the technical term for the division of the chromosomes.
Mitosis is the type of cell division used for growth and repair, as well as embryonic development.
Mitosis is the type of cell division used for growth, repair and asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is to have been an archeological revelation.
Mitosis is uncommon.
Mitosis is used for repair, growth, and maintenance.
Mitosis is used for the growth of tissue, fibers and membranes.
Mitosis is used in asexual reproduction.
Mitosis is used to repair damaged cells and for organism growth.
Mitosis is used to reproduce dead skin cells, and many other cells.
Mitosis is very similar yet very different then meiosis.
Mitosis is when the cell is divided into two daughter cells.
Mitosis is where the DNA is duplicated to form homologous pairs of chromosomes.
Mitosis isa process.
Mitosis maintains a constant amount of genetic material from cell generation to cell generation.
Mitosis maintains ploidy level, while meiosis reduces it.
Mitosis makes new cells that are identical, like skin cells and makes an exact copy of the cells.
Mitosis makes sure of that.
Mitosis means the division of the nucleus.
Mitosis normally takes one to three hours to complete.
Mitosis occupies only a relatively small part of the cell cycle.
Mitosis occurs after DNA replication.
Mitosis occurs during asexual cell division. .
Mitosis occurs exclusively in eukaryotic cells, but occurs in different ways in different species.
Mitosis occurs exclusively in eukaryotic cells.
Mitosis occurs in all organisms and is used mainly to grow and repair the body.
Mitosis occurs in all organisms.
Mitosis occurs in almost all protists, but there are many variations in the process.
Mitosis occurs in both asexual and sexual organisms.
Mitosis occurs in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells.
Mitosis occurs in four phases, called prophase, metaphase, anaphase, and telophase.
Mitosis occurs in gametophytes to produce gametes.
Mitosis occurs in germ cells and meiosis occurs in somatic cells.
Mitosis occurs in germ cells throughout life.
Mitosis Occurs in growth and asexual reproduction.
Mitosis occurs in most animals and plants during the normal growth and repair of tissues.
Mitosis occurs in nuclei.
Mitosis occurs in order organisms to grow.
Mitosis occurs in organisms.
Mitosis occurs in phases.
Mitosis occurs in somatic cells.
Mitosis occurs in the inner layer of the neural tube, next to the lumen.
Mitosis occurs more consistently during the life cycle.
Mitosis occurs only in eukaryotes .
Mitosis occurs only in eukaryotic cells and the process varies in different organisms.
Mitosis occurs only in gametes.
Mitosis occurs wherever new cells are needed.
Mitosis occurs without a spindle and there is apparently no sexual reproduction.
Mitosis plays an important part in the life cycle of most living things, though to varying extents.
Mitosis plays an important role in growth.
Mitosis produces daughter cells that are genetically identical to the parent and to each other.
Mitosis produces diploid cells.
Mitosis produces gametes.
Mitosis produces hundreds of haploid spores that are dispersed through the air.
Mitosis produces identical daughter cells.
Mitosis produces the embryo sac, the female gametophyte.
Mitosis produces two daughter cells genetically identical to the parent cell and to each other.
Mitosis produces two daughter cells which are genetically identical.
Mitosis produces two daughter cells while meiosis produces four daughter cells.
Mitosis provides growth, tissue repair, and asexual reproduction.
Mitosis refers to nuclear division.
Mitosis requires dynamic attachment of chromosomes to spindle microtubules.
Mitosis requires microtubule assembly.
Mitosis results in haploid cells while meiosis results in diploid cells.
Mitosis results in identical daughter cells.
Mitosis results in two cells and meiosis results in four cells.
Mitosis results in two cells that are genetically identical to the parent cell.
Mitosis results in two genetically identical daughter cells,which are identical to the parent.
Mitosis separates sister chromatids of individual chromosomes.
Mitosis starts with prophase, where the DNA is duplicated.
Mitosis takes a diploid cell and creates a nearly exact copy.
Mitosis takes place when an organism grows or reproduces asexually.
Mitosis then becomes a weapon turned against the body, spurring the growth of invasive tumors.
Mitosis then brings about the development of the diploid cell into an organism.
Mitosis then transmits the abnormality to all embryonic cells.
Mitosis usually has a result of two genetically identical child cells.
Most mitosis involves division.
Most mitosis occurs in nuclei.
Most mitosis occurs in organisms.
Most mitosis occurs in phases.
Some mitosis has differences.
Some mitosis has key differences.
Some mitosis has several key differences.
Some mitosis occurs in spores.
Some mitosis precedes cytokinesis.
Some mitosis promotes factors.
Mitotic activity is abundant, and abnormal mitoses are present.
Mitotic activity is increased.
Mitotic activity is infrequent.
Mitotic activity is more obvious in carcinomas than in adenomas, but there are exceptions.
Mitotic activity is the main criterion.
Mitotic activity is unusual.
Mitotic activity is usually minimal and there is no necrosis or vascular invasion.
Mitotic activity varies.
Mitotic cells synthesize DNA rapidly.
Mitotic chromosomes are hypercondensed in length, but display an aberrant fuzzy appearance.
Mitotic competence is lost as cells differentiate.
Mitotic count is the single best indicator.
Mitotic divisions are synchronous during the cleavage and syncytial blastoderm stages.
Mitotic divisions occur in the cells giving rise to schizonts.
Mitotic divisions result in two prothallial cells, a tube cell and a generative cell.
Mitotic domains are groups of cells that divide in a stereotypic pattern.
Mitotic domains reveal early commitment of cells in Drosophila embryos.
Mitotic figures are abundant.
Mitotic figures are common.
Mitotic figures are extremely rare to absent.
Mitotic figures are frequent and hemorrhagic areas and necrotic foci are often noticeable.
Mitotic figures are frequent.
Mitotic figures are infrequent.
Mitotic figures are rare.
Mitotic figures are sparse.
Mitotic figures are uncommon, but can be atypical.
Mitotic figures are uncommon.
Mitotic figures are usually infrequent.
Mitotic figures are usually plentiful.
Mitotic figures suggest carcinoma.
Many mitotic figures are present.
Mitotic forces control a cell-cycle checkpoint.
Mitotic kinases orchestrate the process, ensuring that the division is fair.
Mitotic recombination produces the majority of recessive fibroblast variants in heterozygous mice.
Mitotic spindle begins to form outside the intact nuclear envelope.
Mitotic spindles are visible in living cells with the polarizing light microscope.
Mitotic spindles consist of highly dynamic microtubules.
Mitra broker is used for the interface.
Mitra l is on L eft side.
Mitral cells are large neurons with thick dendrites extending into the glomerular layer.
Mitral cells are the principal projection neurons of the bulb.
Mitral insufficiency can be either primary or secondary to the heart failure.
Mitral neurons exhibit the same phenomenon.
Mitral prolapse encompasses a very wide spectrum of disease.
Mitral prolapse is present in almost one in four young women.
Mitral regurgitation is assessed with the ventriculo- gram.
Mitral regurgitation is the most frequent type of valvular insufficiency.
Mitral stenosis can also cause interstitial edema with a normal-sized cardiac silhouette.
Mitral stenosis causes damming up of blood in the left atrium, and ultimately in the lungs.
Mitral stenosis is acquired and usually caused by rheumatic fever.
Mitral stenosis is almost always due to scarring of the valve from rheumatic fever.
Mitral stenosis is caused by childhood rheumatic fever, which damages the heart valve.
Mitral stenosis is stenosis.
Mitral stenosis is stricture
Mitral stenosis is usually controllable with treatment, and improved with surgery.
A mitral valve is a cardiac valve
Mitral valve is made of very heavy cusps and is located at the entrance of the left ventricle.
Mitral valve is moderately thickened.
A mitre is a joint
Mitres are hats.
Many mitres are on now the road to hell.
Many mitres are on the road now to perdition.
Mitred corners add a beautiful finished look to all outside mount valance installations.
Mitsu hat ca.
Mitt isa equipment.
Mitts have (part) sections.
Mitted feet allow for pulse ox.
Mitten crabs are also an intermediate host for a parasitic liver fluke that affects humans.
Mitten crabs are native to mainland China and coastal areas along the Yellow Sea.
Mitten crabs are proficient burrowers.
A mitten is a glove
Mitten isa glove.
Mittens are accessories.
Mittens are better for warmth than gloves.
Mittens are better protection than fingered gloves.
Mittens are better than gloves, which allow cold air to circulate around the fingers.
Mittens are better than gloves.
Mittens are generally out, except for donning at cold belays.
Mittens are gloves.
Mittens are more effective in retaining warmth than gloves.
Mittens are much warmer than gloves.
Mittens are now in production that are warmer than wool and made from recycled plastic.
Mittens are often warmer than gloves.
Mittens are one piece.
Mittens are similar to gloves, in that they cover the hand and help to keep it warm in cold weather.
Mittens are troublesome because they have to be removed before every shot.
Mittens are warmer then gloves because fingers share warmth when they touch each other.
Mittens are warmer, much easier to get on and off, and come in a wide variety of colors and styles.
Mittens are warmer.
Mittens come in pairs.
Mittens have (part) sections.
Mittens keep a person's hands warm in very cold weather better than gloves.
Mittens keep hands warmer because of the close contact of the fingers.
Mittens keep hands warmer than gloves.
Mittens keep the fingers closer together.
Mittens offer more insulation than gloves and provide more overall comfort.
Mittens tend to be warmer than gloves.
Mittens warm the hands more effectively than gloves.
A mitzvah is a teaching
Mitzvah is built from the passive form, a less probable conjugation.
Mitzvah means it's a commandment, a righteous deed.
Mitzvahs are acts.
Mitzvahs are commercials which cultivate appropriate internal videos.
Mitzvahs are teaching.
Every mitzvah has a purpose that adds meaning to our lives.
Every mitzvah improves man.
Every mitzvah is 'plus one'.
Mix alcohol produces effects.
Mix automation can help, but there's still the problem of generation loss.
Mix bread crumbs with butter, pour over top.
Mix bread crumbs with cheese and herbs.
Mix bread crumbs with cheese and sprinkle on each fillet.
Mix bread crumbs with cheese, oregano, and pepper.
Mix bread crumbs with cornflour.
Mix bread crumbs with salt, pepper, thyme and olive oil.
Mix bread crumbs with seasoning.
Mix bread ingredients together with a fork until just moistened.
Mix infection occurs in individual patients.
Mix infection occurs in patients.
Mix phase conditions refer to atmospheric conditions.
Mix phase conditions refer to conditions.
Mix ratio is by weight.
Mix ratios vary with each model.
Mix tanks provide adequate blending of the solid and water.
Mix vegetables pour marinade sauce over vegetables and refrigerate overnight.
Mix woodlands provide diets.
Mix woodlands provide vary diets.
Mix is a compounding
Mix is combinations.
Mix is combining.
Mix is mixture.
Mix oils together and heat gently to about body temperature.
Mix oils together.
Mixes allow anonymous communication.
Mixes are available at the bar.
Mixes are instant.
Mixes are seeds that are packaged in one packet.
Mixes are usually diluted, more stable versions of the pure breed they look most like.
Mixes beverages to perfection.
Mixes box manners and minor claims are best once again.
Mixes box manners and minor claims are best.
Mixes box manners yet form is on the improve and stays under notice.
Mixes can simplify food preparation, save time and energy.
Mixes can take place in any device that acts as a diode.
Mixes chemical for and operates automatic film processor.
Mixes contain a spice and veggie package for easy preparation.
Mixes containing copper, zinc, manganese, and boron are available from many garden centers.
Mixes created for bread machines work fine and offer convenience and variety.
Mixes cursive with manuscript letters.
Mixes field discussions with inquiry-based learning.
Mixes inks and paints.
Mixes inks and solutions as required.
Mixes inks in power mixer, following formula, to obtain specified color shades.
Mixes inks to obtain requested color.
Mixes live has a healthy dose of sardonic cartoons, and some outtakes.
Mixes made by respectable feed manufacturers are very good.
Mixes memoir, history, adventure, folklore, and descriptions of the mysteries of the deep.
Mixes mortar, builds scaffolding, measures and cuts brick, block or tile.
Mixes pigments with specified vehicle, such as water or oil to form color samples, using spatula.
Mixes prose and verse in a prosimetric or chantefable type form.
Mixes require more flour and sometimes more water and more mixing time.
Mixes research with excellent real world examples.
Mixes vary tremendously in flavor.
Mixes often have seeds of both annual and perennial plants.
Mixes usually have adjustments printed on the package.
All mixes are balanced blends of seed that belong in the specified region.
All mixes are non-alcoholic.
All mixes come in an attractive resealable tin can.
All mixes contain equal amounts of listed components, unless otherwise noted.
All mixes deserve mastering.
All mixes make great marinades when mixed with a little oil and lemon juice.
All mixes stay the same at all times .
Every mix sounds different, every tune has a different response curve.
Many mixes contain large quantities of inexpensive seeds eaten by few birds.
Many mixes make great gift ideas, too.
More mix is added and tamped firmly.
Most mixes are a combination of shredded fir bark, peat moss, perlite or sand.
Most mixes contain at least three different varieties and some contain upwards of eight.
Most mixes contain products of different weights per gallon.
Most mixes sound great when played at loud volumes on the studio's system.
Some mixes call for the canned tomatoes, so use as directed.
Some mixes have a light 'charge' of nutrients included while others have none.
Some mixes still contain field soil but in rather small proportions.
Mixed actions participate both of personal and real actions.
Mixed adhesive is a gap-filling gel that spreads easily and wets substrates without sagging.
Mixed apnea is the term used when the two apneas occur together.
Mixed apneas have both central and obstructive components.
Mixed apneas have both obstructive and central sleep apnea events.
Mixed asthma is the most common form of asthma.
Some mixed bantams are on the roost bars, a pair of Japanese bantams on the ground.
Mixed berries fruit tart for dessert, and coffee, tea, soft drinks, and orange juice are included.
Mixed berries provide a nice alternative to blueberries.
Mixed beverage is a drink composed in whole or part of spirituous liquor.
Mixed Blessings is their story.
Mixed blessings run rampant today.
Mixed blood makes for independence of outside help.
Mixed breeds are a kaleidoscope of their special combination, history, and environment.
Mixed breeds are also more temperamentally sound than purebreds.
Mixed breeds are often the happiest and healthiest dogs.
Mixed breeds are often the smartest, sweetest and have the best temperaments of all dogs.
Mixed breeds are typically less extreme temperamentally.
Mixed breeds are welcome.
Mixed breeds are wonderful dogs.
Mixed breeds bearing a strong resemblance to purebred cats are fairly common.
Mixed breeds can be as beautiful, intelligent., loving, and as companionable as purebreds.
Mixed breeds make excellent pets, no better or worse than purebreds.
Mixed breeds make just as good pets as purebreds.
Mixed breeds offer several other advantages.
Mixed breeds tend to have the characteristics of their component breeds.
Mixed bristle is a combination of nylon and natural bristle.
Mixed capitalization is used.
Mixed carotenoids are excellent antioxidants shown to reduce the likelihood of arteriosclerosis.
Mixed case is easier to read.
Mixed case is the default for names.
Mixed case makes the variable names easier to read.
Mixed case represents itself.
Mixed cases are also possible - contact Phred directly for details.
Mixed cases are available on request.
Mixed cases are available.
Mixed cases are fine.
Mixed casket spray An abundant casket spray of sunflowers, lilies, roses, larkspur and stock.
Mixed class is permitted in a combination of appropriate fares.
Mixed collections tend to have very poor overall survival rates.
Mixed colonies are much more at risk than small same-species groups maintained in isolation.
Mixed colors add a festive touch.
Mixed colors are possible.
Mixed colors tend to shift one way or another.
Mixed combinations are acceptable and encouraged.
Mixed companies have characteristics of both mutual and stock companies.
Mixed conflicts includes both task-related and relational issues.
Mixed content is a prime example.
Mixed content is in.
Mixed credit does exist with the three major credit bureaus.
Mixed cresols are also strong dermal irritants.
Mixed cresols are colorless solids, but usually they occur as a brown liquid mixture.
Mixed crops give way to monocultures single crop systems spreading for miles in all directions.
Mixed crystals are supposed to be intermediate between compounds and physical mixtures.
Mixed cultures having fun together, mixed blood makes mixed emotions.
Mixed cultures remain submerged.
Mixed cut is one in which the style of the facets above and below the girdle are different.
Mixed discharges ruin the ability of the septic system to break down the sanitary wastes.
Mixed doubles are great fun with father and daughter trying their skill against mother and son.
Mixed doubles are great fun with father and daughter trying their skills against mother and son.
Mixed doubles implies that there's a player who is significantly weaker.
Mixed doubles is a bit of an afterthought in the world of tennis.
Mixed doubles refer to a man and a woman.
Mixed dozen comprises a selection of some of the best value for money red wines available.
A mixed drink is alcohol
Mixed drinks are a bit expensive.
Mixed drinks are acceptable in moderation if they are mixed with soda, sugar-free mixers, or water.
Mixed drinks are alcohol.
Mixed drinks are alcoholic beverages.
Mixed drinks are also available, particularly vodka, scotch, bourbon and other whiskey mixers.
Mixed drinks are available with some top-shelf selections, however, no wine is served.
Mixed drinks are available.
Mixed drinks are it.
Mixed drinks are popular.
Mixed drinks are sometimes haphazardly prepared, but it's free, so few patrons complain.
Mixed drinks ordered at the bars are always better than in the restaurants.
Mixed economies are simply a mixture of market and planned economies.
Mixed economies vary greatly in their private-public sector mix.
Mixed economy is economy
Mixed emotions cause mixed feelings and confusion.
Mixed episodes are more likely in younger patients.
Mixed episodes involve the simultaneous occurrence of depressive and manic symptoms.
Mixed farms are an exception.
Mixed farms are both pastoral and arable.
Mixed feelings are common for for new dads, too.
Mixed feelings suit a mixed economy, just as in art today.
Mixed fertilizers are satisfactory for blackberries.
Mixed fibers consist of slender .
Mixed flocks stay together because the chickadees call out whenever they find a good source of food.
Mixed Fonts Try modifying the code to vary the type size as well as the font and style.
Mixed forest occupy about a half of the area.
Mixed forest tops the gorge walls for the length of the park.
Mixed forests are forests.
Mixed forests are typical of mid-Russian regions.
Mixed forests spread in all directions.
Mixed forms are malignant.
Mixed forms occur.
Mixed foursomes are welcome.
Mixed glass goes to Ocean City, where it is grinded into material for asphalt.
Mixed goods pose the greatest challenge to claims of ownership.
Mixed goods provide benefits to private individuals and to the public.
Mixed groups are rare.
Mixed groups can help teach social as well as academic skills.
Mixed habitats provide sightings of most of Vancouver's common species.
Mixed haemorrhoids are concurrent internal and external haemorrhoids.
Mixed hardwoods cover the lower slopes.
Mixed hay has a higher nutrient level appropriate for sheep.
Mixed hay is a combination of legumes and grasses.
Mixed headaches combine tension headaches and migraines.
Mixed hemorrhoids are confluent internal and external hemorrhoids.
Mixed herbs count as a unique item in itself.
Mixed herds are the best users, but imply a more complicated management.
Mixed impairment involves both conductive and sensorineural characteristics.
Mixed impairments are common in otosclerosis.
Mixed income is kind of a trend for the times right now.
Mixed incontinence is a combination of genuine stress and urge incontinence.
Mixed incontinence is a combination of stress and urge incontinence.
Mixed incontinence is a combination of types.
Mixed incontinence is a combination of urge and stress incontinence.
Mixed incontinence is a mixture of any of the above-mentioned causes.
Mixed incontinence is often a combination of both conditions above - stress and urge incontinence.
Mixed incontinence is the coexistence of stress and urge incontinence.
Mixed incontinence is when the person experiences a combination of stress and urge incontinence.
Mixed incontinence refers to a patient having more than one type of incontinence.
Mixed indicators show a range of colors in response to pH changes.
Most mixed individuals are of other blends.
Mixed infections are also more likely to be contaminants.
Mixed infections are very common in perennial crops.
Mixed infections can occur.
Mixed infections involve combinations of all three patterns.
Mixed ingredients are better, add a small handful of soil per bucketful.
Mixed karma can go either way, depending upon the circumstances.
Mixed keys are more difficult to design and thus more expensive, but they are also more powerful.
Mixed land uses.
Mixed Languages are non-trivial in any codepage.
Mixed leagues curl on the weekends.
Mixed litters are common.
Mixed malformations can occur anywhere on the body.
A mixed marriage is a marriage
Mixed marriage is contrary to Scripture, yet the church tolerates it and blesses it.
Mixed marriage is encouraged and is a means to prevent racism creeping in society.
Mixed marriage is the forerunner of assimilation.
Mixed marriages are a serious problem for the Palestinian Christian community.
Mixed marriages are frequent enough.
Mixed marriages are marriages.
Mixed marriages are out.
Mixed marriages are the exception.
Mixed marriages can be an opportunity for growth.
Mixed marriages can work, but they are a challenge.
All mixed material is contained in inexpensive, disposable plastic mixers.
Mixed media allows advantage to be taken of physical as well as visual texture.
Mixed media collages, watercolors and limited edition prints of Maine and New England.
Mixed media is a design hit, with wrought iron, fossil stone and wicker looks available.
Mixed media is encouraged as part of the briefing.
Mixed media is encouraged.
Mixed media is one of the most creative tools, endless possibilities, lots of fun.
Mixed media is the substance of the display with works varying in shapes, color and size.
Mixed media prevail, with few of the artists doing conventional painting on canvas.
Mixed media sound to dramatically enhance visual presentation.
Mixed messages abound.
Mixed messages are another communication barrier.
Mixed messages are dangerous.
Mixed messages are everywhere.
Mixed messages are unproductive at best, and they can be fatal.
Mixed messages raise questions.
Mixed messages result about reconciling instructional goals with the personal goals of the faculty.
Mixed messages seem to be coming from the officials.
Mixed messages tend to lead to disastrous relationships.
Mixed metals replace the traditional brass.
Mixed metaphor is metaphor
Mixed metaphor is metaphor.
Mixed metaphors are a pain in the ass and ought to be thrown out the window.
Mixed metaphors are a pain in the neck and ought to be weeded out.
Mixed metaphors are a pain in the rump and ought to be thrown out the window.
Mixed metaphors are always a pain in the neck and ought to be thrown out the window.
Mixed metaphors are always dangerous.
Mixed metaphors are like double exposures in photography.
Mixed metaphors are pitfalls which are poison to effective writing.
Mixed metaphors confuse readers.
Mixed metaphors deserve special mention because truly great ones hang like rude noises in the air.
Mixed mode is simply multiple tracks with different data formats.
Mixed mode is used to overlay text onto an existing video signal.
Mixed mode records data only in the first logical track.
Mixed modes are also complex ideas, but can t be readily observed by looking at something in nature.
Mixed modes stand for abstract ideas, as other general names.
Mixed model appraoches for mapping quantitative trait loci.
Mixed model approaches for diallel analysis based on a bio-model.
Mixed model approaches for estimating covariances between two traits with unequal design matrices.
Mixed model approaches for estimating genetic variances and covariances.
Mixed model approaches for genetic analysis of quantitative traits.
Mixed model approaches for mapping quantitative trait loci.
Mixed models have important advantages as compared to fixed effects models.
Mixed monotypes involves planting patches of species adjacent to each other.
Mixed motives are inevitable.
Mixed motives can be a real problem in the church that s rearing to grow.
Mixed motives are so dangerous.
Mixed motives Localized sales pitches are just the beginning.
Mixed nationalities use the highest values available.
Mixed nerves contain both motor and sensory fibers.
Mixed nerves contain both sensory and motor neurones.
Mixed nocturia is diagnosed through the maintenance and analysis of bladder diaries of the patient.
Mixed Notes Scratch another promising band.
Mixed number is also common with collective nouns like group , team or couple .
Mixed orders are welcome.
Mixed page is default, and works best in most scans.
Mixed paper has lower marketing value than high-grade paper.
Mixed paper includes mimeo paper, catalogs, junk mail, magazines, and phone books.
Mixed particles are infectious.
Mixed parties are welcome.
Mixed patterns are common.
Mixed people live with their own reality.
Mixed pickles mat combine any number of vegetables or fruit, but some are are pickled on their own.
Mixed plants following a colour theme is also in vogue.
Mixed prairie includes both tall and short grasses.
Mixed prairie occurs in drier regions, taller grasses such as prairie cord grass and big bluestem.
Mixed precipitation includes any combination of rain, snow, sleet or freezing rain.
Mixed presentations are most common for pre-pubertal children.
Mixed product is good for about two weeks.
Mixed production reduces the grower's risk with limited demand products.
Mixed programs are satisfactory for general fitness improvements.
Mixed races blend harmoniously As they learn to live together for all time.
Mixed rates are a combination of union wage rates and weighted averages.
Mixed ratings are mere guidelines.
Mixed reactions abound regarding whether registering to a DIS is a wise business decision.
Mixed reality can be in transparent mode or reflective mode.
Mixed results are available from cancer studies of propoxur in animals.
Mixed reviews can be helpful too.
Most mixed routes are also thin.
Mixed seed attracts many birds.
Mixed set contains one of each of the designs.
Mixed sheets are sheets defined by ancestors only.
Mixed signals abound.
Mixed signals are a constant problem in education reform.
Mixed signals are another element in date rape.
Mixed signals are everywhere.
Mixed sites have both outstanding natural and cultural values.
Mixed soil Suppose the upwind legs are in mixed soil.
Mixed song is likely to be a consequence of a behaviour that is adaptive among allopatric birds.
Mixed spice is a mix of ground spices that is available premixed here in England.
Mixed spice is a spice blend, a ready made seasoning for desserts and other sweet foods.
Mixed state is a common presentation in an acutely manic patient.
Mixed states can also occur.
Mixed substrates are also available.
Mixed surfactants can increase the strength of the film.
Mixed symptoms are a combination of stress incontinence and the symptoms of overactive bladder.
Mixed systems are also more rich compared to the integrable and chaotic limits.
Mixed team scramble.
Many mixed teams defend side by side like regular doubles.
Mixed templates have multiple priming sites causing overlapping sequence peaks.
Mixed tides are a combination of semidiurnal and diurnal tide types.
Mixed tocopherols are antioxidants found in nature.
Mixed tocopherols contain d-alpha, beta, delta and gamma tocopherols.
Mixed tocopherols offer the greatest benefit.
Mixed training appears to benefit females more than males.
Mixed training produces mixed results so it is no wonder that Australian sprinting is poor.
Mixed transmissions send wounded hearts into emotional bomb shelters.
Mixed types are the most common.
Mixed types occur as when two or more humors stand in equal proportion.
Mixed uses require that the uses be in the same or interconnected buildings.
Mixed use allows for more steady income year-round.
Mixed uses lead to interesting, vibrant, and healthy neighborhoods.
Mixed vegetables tend to be overcooked and flavorless.
Mixed veld is a prominent feature, as is typical of the Eastern Cape.
Mixed waste contains radioactive and chemically hazardous components.
Mixed waste is actually a combination of hazardous and radioactive trash.
Mixed waste is another category that is both time consuming and costly for disposal.
Mixed waste is both radioactive and chemically hazardous.
Mixed waste is especially expensive and difficult to dispose of.
Mixed waste is hazardous waste that is also radioactive.
Mixed waste is radioactive waste with a hazardous component or vice versa.
Mixed waste is stored before treatment.
Mixed waste is waste that contains a hazardous waste component and a radioactive material component.
Mixed waste is waste that contains both radioactive components and other hazardous components.
Mixed waste is waste that includes both radioactive and hazardous components.
Mixed waste is waste that is both hazardous and radioactive .
Mixed wastes are hazardous wastes that are also radioactive.
Mixed wastes are low-level radioactive wastes that also contain dangerous chemicals.
Mixed wastes are radioactive wastes that are also considered hazardous.
Mixed wastes combine chemical and radioactive wastes.
Mixed wastes contain radioactive and hazardous components.
Mixed widths can vary by as much as one inch.
Mixed wood is the same price as last year.
Mixed woods stands mostly young low, and dominated by deciduous trees.
A mixer is a party
Mixer Can support up to four microphones.
Mixer includes hors d oeuvres and two drinks.
Mixer is a color etching of a concrete mixing truck.
Mixer is a small, fast, and lean audio mixer.
Mixer isa utensil.
Mixer turns as it's pulled and dumper includes magnetic sand cargo.
Mixers are beverages.
Mixers are breeding grounds for human bonds.
Mixers are capable of unloading paving slump.
Mixers are components.
Mixers are electronic equipment.
Mixers are essentially diodes.
Mixers are non-linear devices.
Mixers are part of mixed drinks.
Mixers are tools that find meta-information from a variety of sources on the Internet.
Mixers believe that diseases can develop from other causes, like bacteria and viruses.
Mixers can mix.
Mixers comprise the majority of practitioners.
Mixers do vary , certainly from one manufacturer to another.
Mixers Dry and premade mixers for cocktails.
Mixers have (part) sections.
Mixers produce the sound track of a movie by a process called dubbing.
Mixers produce the sound track of a movie using a process called dubbing.
Mixers produce the sound track of a movie, using a process called dubbing.
Mixers sit at sound consoles that face the screen.
Mixers often support synchronized control of multiple data lines.
Mixers usually have controls for adjusting the strength of incoming and outgoing signals.
All mixer can handle a line level head set signal into a line level input channel.
All mixers use SRON junctions.
Most mixers are capable of handling stereo signals.
Most mixers are still in use after twenty years.
Most mixers chop or squeeze clay with multiple blades.
Most mixers have a mark, which identifies unity on the fader and input trim controls.
Most mixers have several busses to provide a wide variety of features.
Some mixers have diameters.
Some mixers have two inputs, some of three, etc.
Some mixers only have the effects loop on the master out section of the mixer.
Some mixers require even higher levels.
Many mixing boards have phantom power capabilities to run condenser type mikes.
Mixing patterns are very important in lake ecology.
Most mixing processes are either endothermic or exothermic.
Mixings is material handling.
A mixologist is an employee
Mixologists are always popular, make big money, and have tons of fun.
Mixotrophic dinoflagellates are photosynthetically active, but are also heterotrophic.
Mixtec codices contain birth records, marriages, and death records.
Mixtec migrants constitute a large pool of new labor which can be hired for lower wages.
Mixture components are separated on the basis of their sizes and rates of diffusion into the beads.
Mixture distribution is poor at idle.
Mixture magic is performed with wands.
Mixture priors are particularly useful in database search from a small set of training examples.
Mixture breaks down compounds.
Mixture consists of different substances.
Mixture consists of substances.
Mixture contains carbon particles.
Mixture contains components.
Mixture contains considerable organic matter.
Mixture contains elements.
Mixture contains matter.
Mixture contains organic matter.
Mixture contains particles.
Mixture contains substances.
Mixture contains water.
Mixture designs for constrained components in orthogonal blocks.
Mixture dissolves in water.
Mixture has desirable properties.
Mixture has phases.
Mixture has properties.
Mixture is a substance
Mixture is substances.
Mixture isa substance.
Mixture lasts for years.
Mixture lean one inch for taxi.
Mixture requires water.
Mixture retains own properties.
Mixture retains properties.
Mixture works best when product is pre-mixed in wheel barrow and then added to post hole.
Mixtures also generate an effective kind of vaccination process.
Mixtures appear to be more drought resistant than grass monocultures.
Mixtures are a popular way of purchasing wildflowers.
Mixtures are an utterly different sort of linear combination.
Mixtures are classified into subcategories based on the consistency with which they are mixed.
Mixtures are combinations of substances that retain their individual identities.
Mixtures are composed of variable proportions of molecules and atoms .
Mixtures are groups of molecules that can be separated by physical means.
Mixtures are heterogeneous forms of matter.
Mixtures are made of two or more substances mixed together.
Mixtures are more variable and complex.
Mixtures are physical combinations of at least two pure substances.
Mixtures are physically combined structures that can be separated into their original components.
Mixtures are quite natural for quantum statistical mechanics.
Mixtures are sometimes indicative of lack of control in the production process.
Mixtures are then hot pressed into billets.
Mixtures are two or more substances combined which keep most of their own properties.
Mixtures boil when they reach a temperature called their bubble point .
Mixtures can be combinations of elements or compounds.
Mixtures can be either homogeneous or heterogeneous .
Mixtures can be homogenous or heterogeneous .
Mixtures can be in any of the four phases.
Mixtures Can be mixed with perennial ryegrass or fine fescue as indicated in paragraphs that follow.
Mixtures can complicate management, however.
Mixtures can have any amounts of ingredients.
Mixtures can occur in each of the states of matter.
Mixtures can occur in the drill, the combine, or the storage bin.
Mixtures containing alfalfa are better suited for hay than for pasture.
Mixtures ignite easily on heating, shock, or on contact with sulfuric acid.
Mixtures occur more commonly in nature than do pure substances.
Mixtures take the form of alloys , solutions, suspensions, and colloids .
Mixtures vary in composition.
Mixtures usually have a range rather than a specific point.
Every mixture caters to a specific group of people with individual tastes.
Most mixture breaks down compounds.
Most mixture has desirable properties.
Most mixture has phases.
Most mixture has properties.
Most mixture lasts for years.
Some mixture absorbs light.
Some mixture affects health.
Some mixture attracts bees.
Some mixture becomes coal.
Some mixture causes nausea.
Some mixture consists of grain.
Some mixture consists of liquids.
Some mixture consists of methane.
Some mixture consists of sugar.
Some mixture contains bromine.
Some mixture contains calcium.
Some mixture contains chemicals.
Some mixture contains clover.
Some mixture contains legumes.
Some mixture contains liquids.
Some mixture contains phosphorus.
Some mixture contains sand.
Some mixture contains soluble chemicals.
Some mixture contains white clover.
Some mixture enters intestines.
Some mixture enters pharynxs.
Some mixture enters small intestines.
Some mixture has appearances.
Some mixture has compositions.
Some mixture has effects.
Some mixture has little effects.
Some mixture has potassium.
Some mixture has potential.
Some mixture has seeds.
Some mixture has sunflower seeds.
Some mixture has toxic potential.
Some mixture has uniform appearances.
Some mixture includes liquids.
Some mixture is expelled from posteriors.
Some mixture is produced by fungi.
Some mixture makes up diets.
Some mixture makes up of spices.
Some mixture makes up of water.
Some mixture passes through skin tissue.
Some mixture passes through tissue.
Some mixture prevents diseases.
Some mixture resembles cream.
Some mixture resembles meals.
Some mixture resembles thick cream.
Some mixture solves many problems.
Some mixture solves problems.
Some mixture turns into clear liquids.
Some mixture turns into liquids.
Some mixtures are smaller.
Some mixtures can produce harmful gases.
Some mixtures combine arsenic removal with disinfection.
Some mixtures consisting at least of two different isomer ions have negative formation energies .
Mix-up isa error.
Mix-up isa mistake.
Miyazaki prefecture occupies the south-western part of Kyushu region, facing Pacific Ocean.
Miyoshi dystrophy is caused by a gene defect and affects the back of the lower legs first.
Miyoshi myopathy starts with weakness in one of the calf muscles and later spreads to other muscles.
Mizzou fans can pick up Tiger football ticket information at the event.
Mizzou plates expire annually in the month in which they are first purchased.
Ml beakers contain water.
Ml isa unit.
MLs are active against some parasitic insects.
Mls are organizations.
Mls are programming language.
MLs have no registered claim for activity against blowflies, mites or lice on sheep.
MLIS students are the future of the profession.
MLM supplements are very highly priced and their customers jump around looking for better deals.
MLS teams are out to win.
MLS teams have little control over their stadia, after all.
MLS awards two points for a goal and one point for an assist.
MLS awards two points for goal and one point for an assist.
MLS bring coaches over from England to teach children different aspects of the game.
MLS bring years of soccer operating experience.
MLS claims to be an appraisal referral company for the timeshare industry.
MLS enforces multiple security levels on every packet of the flow at wire speed.
MLS gathers together some of the major libraries available on line.
MLS shows and sells more homes than any other way of advertising real estate.
MLS works for both buyers and sellers in making properties more available to more people.
MLSs are local or regional.
MLSs make money by charging a monthly fee to the agents for access to their data.
Many MLSs are reluctant to resell their sales data as they see it as a profit center.
Some mls are part of centiliters.
Some mls are part of cls.
A mm is a linear measure
A mm is a metric
MM coordinate format is suitable for representing sparse matrices.
Mm isa unit.
Mms have (part) nms.
Most MMs start in normal skin.
Some MMs secrete only light chains.
MMCA investigations develop evidence and information from every corner of the world.
MMDS service is dependable, and it can support e-mail, newsgroups and Web hosting.
MMDS technology is too expensive for mass deployment.
MMEP participants live on campus during the program.
MMEP students have an opportunity to observe the work of physicians in a variety of departments.
MMS funding is matched by the university.
All MMS information is stored in an open data base format.
MMS staff guides students through the mysteries of geology.
Mn deficiencies are more common in the western part of the county, but can show up anywhere.
Mn deficiency is same symptoms as als.
Most MNEA committees meet three or four times during the school year.
Mnemonic clues help many individuals to learn the basic number facts.
Mnemonic combinations can be very individualistic.
Mnemonic core uses threads heavily.
Mnemonic devices are also very helpful.
Mnemonic devices are very simple examples of making associations to enhance memory.
Mnemonic devices tend to work particularly well with science terms.
Mnemonic letters help if one it to have type ahead.
Mnemonic memory are useful in remembering everyday as well as o commit to memory.
Mnemonic passwords are often the best.
Most mnemonic techniques take advantage of the power of visualization.
A mnemonic is a twist
Mnemonics allow the user to navigate directly to interactive components.
Mnemonics also have certain drawbacks.
Mnemonics are additional cues to help retrieve the appropriate information.
Mnemonics are available in a menu system when the button is visible.
Mnemonics are devices.
Mnemonics are formulas or aids to help in remembering.
Mnemonics are great for the Higher paper.
Mnemonics are integral learning aids.
Mnemonics are just human descriptions for the bit pattern.
Mnemonics are memory training devices or ways of making associations to aid in remembering.
Mnemonics are methods for remembering information that is otherwise quite difficult to recall.
Mnemonics are methods, devices, or even mental tricks for improving memory.
Mnemonics are methods.
Mnemonics are often useful.
Mnemonics are pieces of information.
Mnemonics are rhymes, phrases, and visual images that help kids remember basic facts.
Mnemonics are strategies for memorizing and assimilating information.
Mnemonics are surprisingly effective, and are a proven tool for improving memory.
Mnemonics are techniques and systems used to remember a wide variety of information.
Mnemonics can also work with images.
Mnemonics can help here too.
Mnemonics can work for long lists, too.
Mnemonics come is various shapes and forms.
Mnemonics do have limitations.
Mnemonics help memory by creating catch words or phrases to recall lists, key words or sequences.
Mnemonics helps students remember more information faster and retain it longer.
Mnemonics is a scientific tested technique based on our knowledge of principals of memory.
Mnemonics is a systematic procedure for improving memory by using mental memory aids.
Mnemonics is a technique of improving memory.
Mnemonics is a technique of improving the memory.
Mnemonics is an important tool for remembering large amounts of information.
Mnemonics operate most efficiently when they are designed for a very specific finding.
Mnemonics provide a fast way of selecting a component from the keyboard.
Mnemonics rely on deliberately created, even contrived, associations.
Mnemonics select a menu item after the window menu is posted.
Mnemonics uses many methods to enhance memorization like peg word, chunking and loci techniques.
Mnemonics uses similar techniques to develop a system to remember a wide variety of information.
All mnemonics are all uppercase character strings .
All mnemonics are all uppercase character strings.
Many mnemonics take the form of two phrases with similar rhythms.
Some mnemonics have a picture, that the contributor added using the online paint tool.
Some mnemonics seem more difficult to remember than the spelling they're supposed to serve.
MNLA users are welcome to provide comments and recommendations.
M'nong men are well known for their bravery and experience in hunting wild elephants.
MnSCN membership is free and entails no obligations.
MnSCU items remain unscathed.
A mo is time
MOs answer questions about how the atoms in molecules stick together .
MOs answer questions about how the atoms in molecules stick together.
MOs can hold two electrons like atomic orbitals but have different shapes.
A moa is a bird
Moa isa bird.
MOAs allow parties to work together to support protective cleanups and sustainable redevelopment.
Moas forage for food.
Moas have (part) air sacs.
Moas have (part) bird's feet.
Moas have (part) brains.
Moas have (part) breasts.
Moas have (part) cell membranes.
Moas have (part) cells.
Moas have (part) chest cavities.
Moas have (part) chests.
Moas have (part) corpi.
Moas have (part) cytoplasm.
Moas have (part) ears.
Moas have (part) faces.
Moas have (part) flight feathers.
Moas have (part) heads.
Moas have (part) lips.
Moas have (part) mouths.
Moas have (part) nuclei.
Moas have (part) plasma membranes.
Moas have (part) quill feathers.
Moas have (part) rib cages.
Moas have (part) second joints.
Moas have (part) sections.
Moas have (part) skulls.
Moas have (part) sterna.
Moas have (part) talons.
Moas have (part) vacuoles.
Moas have (part) wishbones.
Moas have body size.
Moas have feathers.
Moas have furry feathers.
Moas have size.
Moas live in habitats.
Some moas have horizontal posture.
Some moas have legs.
Some moas have neck posture.
Some moas have posture.
Some moas have skulls.
Moah comments await.
A moat is a trench
Moat isa trench.
Moat points out there are all sorts of factors to consider before an agency owner can pack it in.
Moats are deep , wide ditches filled with water .
Moats are deep, wide ditches filled with water.
Moats are expensive to build and, therefore, best suited to peninsulas with narrow isthmuses.
Moats are furrows.
Moats are trenchs.
Moats have (part) sections.
Moats keep animals safely in their space, but allow for an unrestricted view.
Moats takes an entirely new approach to dealing with early attacks.
Moats often says to try to think globally and act locally.
Mob action does nothing but widen the chasm in America.
Mob action is the sleaziest and the easiest for stirring people up.
Mob behavior is usually hideous.
Mob caps are directly proportional to the total number of chunks eligible for spawning.
Mob law is anarchy.
Mob law is hard to overthrow.
Mob law rules at street level with frequent incidents of suspected thieves being burned alive.
Mob mentality is mob mentality, whether it calls for blood or praise.
Mob mentality takes heavy toll on Prague.
Mob rule is the rule of passion.
Mob scenes are ugly.
Mob violence is due to aroused passions and can be controlled soon.
Mob violence is sporadic.
A mob is a crowd
Mob isa crowd.
Mob moves several times annually if food supply is depleted.
Mobs are always wrong and majorities are many times wrong.
Mobs are crowds.
Mobs are made of people.
Mobs are the issue.
Mobs become an insurmountable problem only when they obtain legal privilege.
Mobs begin killing nobles.
Mobs continue to collect in Daviess County.
Mobs crowd into Westminster.
Mobs defend their territory from other neighbouring mobs.
Mobs fall to their left side to the ground when killed, as shown in the image.
Mobs have an evil dynamic.
Mobs have rights, too.
Mobs kill immigrants and cause extensive damage.
Mobs proceed to beat Greek men and rape Christian women.
Mobs rampage through Belgrade, seizing parliament, TV center, police stations.
Mobs see a slab as a full block.
Mobs tend to be less equivelent then the sum of their parts.
Mobs turn men in to fools.
Mobs often act like businesses, operating for financial gain or the acquisition of personal power.
Every mob has the same four faction hits when killed.
Every Mob is a music crittic.
Every mob is frightening and the same.
Some mobs are run by brothers.
Some mobs have territory.
Mobile access continues to be a difficult challenge for both IT staff and end users.
Mobile access delivers significant cost savings without high dial-up fees.
Mobile access is an important foundation of our work now.
Mobile access is the answer to people who want to access the Web at any time, from anywhere.
Mobile access is therefore an important component of an ubiquious Web.
Mobile advertising is method of advertising via mobile phones or other mobile devices like tablets .
Mobile advertising is method of advertising via mobile phones or other mobile devices like tablets.
Mobile agents allow computation to be moved to the servers, thus saving communication cost.
Mobile agents are active programs that perform computation on behalf of a user.
Mobile agents are an enabling technology for intelligent agents .
Mobile agents are objects that move themselves and continue to execute as they move.
Mobile agents are one solution.
Mobile agents are particularly attractive in distributed information-retrieval applications.
Mobile agents are programs that move about the network using available resources at various nodes.
Mobile agents are programs that move through computer networks and autonomously carry out tasks.
Mobile agents are programs with the ability to change their host machine during execution.
Mobile agents are self-contained pieces of software that can move between computers on a network.
Mobile agents are very close to active networks.
Mobile agents can migrate autonomously from node to node in a heterogeneous network.
Mobile agents control where computation happens by moving programs as well as data.
Mobile agents employ messaging frameworks for transport, and hence are asynchronous.
Mobile agents make a network an open platform for third party developers .
Mobile agents make a network an open platform for third- party developers .
Mobile agents make a network an open platform for third-party developers .
Mobile agents make up the more sophisticated group and have the most promise.
Mobile agents manage their processing continuously.
Mobile agents move from one computer to another.
Mobile agents move from one location to another to perform tasks.
Mobile agents offer unique opportunities for structuring and implementing distributed systems.
Mobile agents provide the underlying infrastructure for the application.
Mobile applications are used by users.
Most mobile applications are used by users.
Mobile banking is a new channel.
Mobile banking is non-existent.
Mobile base allows for easy transport to multiple sites.
Mobile Bay is a drowned river valley.
Mobile Bay is one of the greatest fishing destinations in the area.
Mobile browsers are made to display Web content in the best way for small screens on mobile devices.
Mobile business improves the utilisation of mobile networks.
Mobile business is more than just wireless business transactions.
Mobile business is set to revolutionise business.
Mobile business offers brand new opportunities, matching request and demand like never before.
Mobile cinemas make sure the movie can be shown everywhere, even in the tiniest villages.
Mobile clients are inherently more complex to manage than network-attached desktops.
Mobile clients interact with all other components through the Gateway Server.
Mobile clients win by replicating data.
Mobile clinics are available.
Mobile code can make distributed systems adaptable to application needs.
Mobile code enables the software on each Hive cell to be updated dynamically.
Mobile code helps to support user mobility.
Mobile code is a powerful new technology introduced with the advent of the Internet.
Mobile code is a relatively unrecognized weapon on the Internet.
Mobile code is emitted to validate input on the client.
Mobile code is interesting for a variety of applications.
Mobile code is omnipresent on the Internet.
Mobile commerce is a hot issue.
Mobile commerce is a payment system using mobile phones.
Mobile commerce is a route to creating pervasive, roaming ebusinesses.
Mobile commerce is another matter.
Mobile commerce is anticipated to be the driver of the next business revolution.
Mobile commerce is currently one of the hot topics within Europe.
Mobile commerce is the subject of our latest management briefing.
Mobile communication is today the fastest growing segment in the information technology area.
Mobile communication provides exciting development opportunities.
Mobile communication work by limiting transmitter powers.
Mobile communications are a burgeoning sector.
Mobile communications are even worse.
Mobile communications are non-continuous and generally unreliable causing poor system availability.
Mobile communications are the lifeline of the transportation industry.
Mobile communications have to be convenient too.
Mobile communications introduces transient effects within a network.
Mobile communications is presently one of the most dynamic sectors of the economy.
Mobile communications is today the fastest growing segment in the information technology field.
Mobile components provide for immediate interaction and create collaboration.
Mobile computations maintain distributed connections as they move.
Mobile computers are also relatively resource-poor, compared to their desktop counterparts.
Mobile computers are very demanding on their power source.
Mobile computers create a virtual classroom for students.
Mobile computers facilitate the delivery of cross-curriculum computing.
Mobile computers have the same liabilities as most miniature electronic devices.
Mobile computing enables a person to have an office on the road.
Mobile computing happens to be interesting.
Mobile computing has the potential for managing information globally.
Mobile computing holds the key to the future.
Mobile computing is a newly emerging computing paradigm.
Mobile computing is a relatively young development within the software market.
Mobile computing is about extending information supply lines.
Mobile computing is an enabling technology.
Mobile computing is another interesting field for mobile agents.
Mobile computing is different for a number of reasons.
Mobile computing is here to stay.
Mobile computing is hot.
Mobile computing is no longer synonymous with performance sacrifice.
Mobile computing is sure to increase even more.
Mobile computing is susceptible to frequent network disconnections.
Mobile computing is the ability to communicate anytime anywhere.
Mobile connectivity shifts the very concept of work and traditional Internet communication.
Mobile County has limited power to control tire dumping.
Mobile cranes are available also where required to handle very large structural components.
Mobile cranes are available on-site.
Mobile devices are another story.
Mobile devices are different in that they are mobile and are therefore carried around.
Mobile devices are for voice communication.
Mobile devices are more personal than PCs.
Mobile devices are now more integrated into our everyday lifestyles.
Mobile devices are the new frontier on the Internet.
Mobile devices can move between base stations without losing open connections.
Mobile devices differ.
Mobile devices discover and know about each other.
Mobile devices have small buttons and a small display.
Mobile devices present some interesting challenges for advertisers and content providers.
Mobile devices represent a new, constantly present, personal service channel.
Many mobile devices rely on JVMs to run applications.
Most mobile devices communicate with other devices by way of a wireless link.
Mobile DJs are the most common.
Mobile dominance is associated with herding of a harem of females.
Mobile executives are particularly vulnerable as laptop computers can be easily lost or stolen.
Mobile executives send email from any phone anytime anywhere.
Mobile explorer is a browser that supports applications for cellular phones.
Mobile facility is also available.
Mobile filing provides the utmost in storage density for heavy filing needs.
Mobile fleet serves utilities and manufactures nationally.
Mobile games provide fun and connectivity and add a new dimension to the games arena.
Some mobile games become global phenomena.
Some mobile games become phenomena.
Mobile growth has if anything been even more spectacular.
A mobile home is a housing
Mobile home backs up to wooded land for privacy.
Mobile home can sleep six.
Mobile home can stay on rented lot with approval of owner.
Mobile home has heat and air, two bedrooms, kitchen and one bath.
Mobile home is like new.
Mobile home is okay.
Mobile homes are a popular choice of housing for the elderly, particularly in Florida.
Mobile homes are also available, and are usually furnished.
Mobile homes are better than houses overall because they use less land than houses.
Mobile homes are common in the area.
Mobile homes are crane-lifted into place in defiance of Israeli law.
Mobile homes are determined to be real estate or personal property on a case by case basis.
Mobile homes are eligible for the program if they are sitting on a permanent foundation.
Mobile homes are extremely unsafe during tornadoes.
Mobile homes are extremely vulnerable to the effects of tornadoes and severe thunderstorms.
Mobile homes are generally mobile only once in their lives.
Mobile homes are housing.
Mobile homes are in fairly widespread use and are readily available for purchase or rent.
Mobile homes are inherently fragile and unstable in high wind, no matter how well tied down.
Mobile homes are more expensive than they look.
Mobile homes are most vulnerable to substantial damage.
Mobile homes are notoriously unstable and are frequently destroyed during tornados.
Mobile homes are one of the most unsafe buildings to be in during strong winds.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable since they can be overturned easily by the high winds.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable to damage from high winds.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable to hurricane winds.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable to potent thunderstorms.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable to tornado damage, even if securely tied down.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable to tornadoes.
Mobile homes are particularly vulnerable.
Mobile homes are safe if they are tied down.
Mobile homes are safe if they re tied down.
Mobile homes are safe if they're tied down.
Mobile homes are subject to all other state laws regarding property taxes.
Mobile homes are the least sturdy and usually suffer the worst storm damage.
Mobile homes are the only affordable housing left for many people.
Mobile homes are trailers.
Mobile homes are unsafe in high winds, no matter how well they are tied down.
Mobile homes are unsafe in high winds.
Mobile homes are unsafe.
Mobile homes are vulnerable to wind storms and tornadoes.
Mobile homes are wonderful places to live, unless there is a tornado warning.
Mobile homes attract tornadoes.
Mobile homes begin to float and move downstream.
Mobile homes can fall off their supports during an earthquake.
Mobile homes make up an extraordinary percent of total housing compared to the statewide average.
Mobile homes offer protection.
Mobile homes provite no protection, even with tie-downs.
Mobile homes use last digit of lot number.
All mobile homes are subject to distraint.
All mobile homes contain formaldehyde, a known carcinogen.
Many mobile homes have high energy costs, higher mortgage rates and can depreciate rapidly.
Most mobile homes offer protection.
Some mobile homes are subject to county personal property tax.
Some Mobile homes begin to suffer damage.
All mobile homeowners are welcome.
Mobile host is one who has ability to communicate anytime anywhere.
Mobile housing is also very popular.
Mobile information is even more useful than information tethered to an outlet.
Mobile internet is a symbol, but just a beginning.
Mobile internet is more than just accessing internet via a mobile phone.
Mobile investors can get quotes and research stocks, and keep abreast of market developments.
Mobile launchers are more difficult to detect because they move around, unlike fixed launchers.
Mobile mammography is available at several southeast Georgia locations.
Mobile mammography is safe, quick and convenient.
Mobile marketing comes along at a time of profound cultural change in American society.
Mobile marketing is the wave of the future.
Mobile media takes advertising closer and closer to purchase decision.
Mobile memories are limited, and wireless transmission is still slow.
Most mobile networks use the same circuit-switch technology that fixed line phone companies use.
Mobile number is on an unsupported network.
Mobile numbers are a little different.
Mobile office is completed and in use.
Mobile offices are a contemporary reality.
Mobile operation is permitted.
Mobile operators do the same, through their roaming agreements.
Mobile operators have a monopoly on calls to their customers terminating on their network.
Mobile operators see number portability as a threat to maintain their current clients.
Mobile ownership is still largely dependent on income and age.
Mobile ownership is still largely dependent on income, age and social grade.
Mobile payments bring the convenience of cards with the benefits of instant cash transfer.
Mobile penetration continues to grow at a rate higher than fixed lines.
Mobile penetration is still highest amongst high income and younger consumers.
Mobile phase can contain a modifier.
Mobile phases are generally inert gases such as helium, argon, or nitrogen.
A mobile phone is a wireless telephone
Mobile phone covers that claim to shield the user's head are also available.
Mobile phone hire.
Mobile phone is now a multi-billion dollar industry.
Mobile phones allow individuals to move from location to location while remaining contactable.
Mobile phones allow suspects to make calls from anywhere.
Mobile phones are a classic example.
Mobile phones are a serious health hazard, according to a New Zealand physicist.
Mobile phones are about to become even more useful as communications devices.
Mobile phones are about to become portable Internet terminals.
Mobile phones are also unreliable.
Mobile phones are an ideal gift for kids, check out our range of pre pay mobile phones.
Mobile phones are an ideal target for thieves, being small, light, portable and valuable.
Mobile phones are an obvious example.
Mobile phones are another important application.
Mobile phones are astonishingly inexpensive.
Mobile phones are available but relatively expensive.
Mobile phones are available for groups off site.
Mobile phones are available for rent.
Mobile phones are available through government contract from either of the major suppliers.
Mobile phones are available to rent and there is a good supply of books and magazines.
Mobile phones are available to take in the field for use in emergency situations.
Mobile phones are certainly a common factor.
Mobile phones are commonplace.
Mobile phones are computers.
Mobile phones are conspicuous.
Mobile phones are everywhere, but in very few cases accomplish anything useful.
Mobile phones are extremely personal items for a start, so there's no doubting the user's identity.
Mobile phones are extremely useful in an emergency, but illegal to use in the air.
Mobile phones are here to stay.
Mobile phones are in, brown nylon suits are definitely out.
Mobile phones are less expensive than land phones, especially considering installation costs.
Mobile phones are no longer immune to Internet fees.
Mobile phones are now available to guests on request, along with fax machines.
Mobile phones are now part of the fabric of our lives.
Mobile phones are now relatively cheap and available in trendy retail outlets.
Mobile phones are of little use outside the major towns.
Mobile phones are one of the fastest growing sectors in China's telecommunications market.
Mobile phones are part of everyday life.
Mobile phones are particularly valuable in emergency situations.
Mobile phones are phones.
Mobile phones are so cool here.
Mobile phones are so popular because they can become one's personal secretary.
Mobile phones are telephones.
Mobile phones are the exciting new generation of Internet access devices.
Mobile phones are trendy, convenient and rampant among the British residents at the university.
Mobile phones are ubiquitous and indispensable in Europe.
Mobile phones are used for communication.
Mobile phones are usually available for rent at car rentals.
Mobile phones are very personal items, much more than PCs.
Mobile phones are wireless communications devices that use frequencies in the microwave band.
Mobile phones are, in effect, tiny radio stations that send and receive.
Mobile phones are, one imagines, the key object of desire.
Mobile phones become passports to nightlife.
Mobile phones can be the next target.
Mobile phones can now deliver e-mail and help conduct financial transactions.
Mobile phones do have limitations.
Mobile phones emit and receive low level microwave radiation.
Mobile phones emit radiation by design, whereas hearing aids receive it by accident.
Mobile phones expose the brain to electromagnetic radiation.
Mobile phones face attack for their cost, reliability and side-effects.
Mobile phones get similarly short shrift.
Mobile phones have a very limited range.
Mobile phones have no shortage of wireless data options either.
Mobile phones have slower operating speeds than PCs.
Mobile phones help improve communications in Bangladesh.
Mobile phones is a business field which has become more and more important in recent years.
Mobile phones let the public sphere disappear in an unknown way.
Mobile phones offer a wide area of coverage and the ability to contact individual people.
Mobile phones operate on a charged up battery system.
Mobile phones operate within the radiofrequency range of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Mobile phones radiate RF emissions close to the head.
Mobile phones rang during undubbed dialogue.
Mobile phones refuse to work inside the circle and credit cards are destroyed.
All mobile phones sold in Britain are to carry new health warnings.
Every mobile phone has the potential to be recycled.
Many mobile phones support the async mode.
Most mobile phones can receive SMS messages.
Most mobile phones can store one ringtone and logo.
Most mobile phones come with facilities of a vibrating mode.
Some mobile phones require an adapter to accommodate a headset.
Some mobile phones use shields to reduce exposure to the user.
Mobile platforms can move anywhere in the world.
More mobile power is great.
Many mobile presenters are sure to find that pretty sharp.
Most mobile professionals experience PC connection problems when they are on the road.
Mobile protocols determine how a phone structures a message and which radio frequencies are usable.
Mobile radio allows conferences by radio.
Mobile radio is less expensive.
Mobile radio is very easy to use.
Mobile radios connect the field operations with the home base and all trucks.
Mobile robots are still quite expensive and complex.
Mobile robots can operate by remote control or autonomously.
All mobile robots use locomotion that generates traction, negotiates terrain and carries payload.
Mobile security is also an issue.
Mobile security is maintained around the outside of the fence.
Mobile service is available through both service centers.
Mobile service is available.
Mobile service is new concept at The Great Outdoors.
Mobile services are just what the doctor ordered.
Mobile shops provide fresh meat and fish.
Mobile sites are able synchronize with the central system on an as needed basis.
Mobile society makes hard record keeping and verifiable history.
Mobile solutions are no problem at all.
Mobile stage folds up like a ping-pong table, and rolls away on it's own casters.
Mobile stations are also a possibility.
Mobile system facilitates cleaning and preparation.
Mobile systems are able to support higher speeds and are becoming more cost effective.
Mobile systems provide communications, video, and telemetry support for specialized requirements.
Mobile technologies allow information to be sent or received anytime, anywhere.
Mobile technologies can help here.
Mobile technology takes dispensers online .
Mobile telecommunications are still in full development, both technological and methodological.
