Some officers arrest brothers.
Some officers arrest individuals.
Some officers ask men.
Some officers become captains.
Some officers become directors.
Some officers believe stop and search has been tainted.
Some officers believe they'll be jeopardizing safety.
Some Officers can go an entire career without earning a pin.
Some officers confirm incidents.
Some officers consider good habits.
Some officers consider habits.
Some officers describe forces.
Some officers determine values.
Some officers die from injuries.
Some officers die in battles.
Some officers die of wounds.
Some officers discover victims.
Some officers do jobs.
Some officers do problems.
Some officers do so because they have found themselves involved with some type of misconduct.
Some officers draw guns.
Some officers dress in plain clothes and are stationed at specific campuses.
Some officers enjoy art.
Some officers enter apartments.
Some officers enter services.
Some officers enter therapy.
Some officers examine bags.
Some officers face bias.
Some officers face charge.
Some officers fear conservative forces within the Met are beginning to hold sway.
Some officers fear for life.
Some officers fear for safety.
Some officers find homes.
Some officers find members.
Some officers form bonds.
Some officers form tight bonds.
Some officers get the distance when they are clocking drivers for a speed reading.
Some officers give life.
Some officers go into pens.
Some officers go to court to testify about arrests they made.
Some officers grab ladies.
Some officers grab young ladies.
Some officers have a law enforcement background.
Some officers have genuine experience.
Some officers have ideas.
Some officers have levels.
Some officers have pessimistic attitudes toward society.
Some officers have pictures.
Some officers have prior police experience.
Some officers have the authority to issue tickets to employers.
Some officers inspect facilities.
Some officers instruct wives.
Some officers investigate activities.
Some officers investigate murder.
Some officers investigate suspicious activities.
Some officers involve in incidents.
Some officers involve in investigations.
Some officers join organizations.
Some officers join secret organizations.
Some officers kill hounds.
Some officers leave forces.
Some officers lose body weight.
Some officers lose weight.
Some officers make recommendations.
Some officers observe bedrooms.
Some officers observe master bedrooms.
Some officers obtain information.
Some officers obtain patterns.
Some officers order guards.
Some officers order security guards.
Some officers oversee patients.
Some officers participate in basketball.
Some officers participate in charity basketball.
Some officers patrol while others direct traffic.
Some officers play roles.
Some officers play vital roles.
Some officers possess horses.
Some officers protect life.
Some officers protect presidents.
Some officers receive justice.
Some officers recognize talent.
Some officers regard the award of such a droid as an honor.
Some officers remember first sergeants.
Some officers remember sergeants.
Some officers remove dogs.
Some officers report appearances.
Some officers report fire.
Some officers report shot.
Some officers resent the course.
Some officers respond to scenes.
Some officers respond to shot.
Some officers return to scenes.
Some officers ride horses.
Some officers see black youth as the enemy, and in any war, the enemy eventually fights back.
Some officers see it as more work rather than a different way of case management.
Some officers shoot animals.
Some officers shoot black men.
Some officers shoot boys.
Some officers shoot coyotes.
Some officers shoot deer.
Some officers shoot men.
Some officers specialize in fields.
Some officers specialize in particular fields.
Some officers stay at the station and work on solving crimes.
Some officers still complain that the system is too complex.
Some officers suffer breaks.
Some officers suffer injuries.
Some officers suffer minor injuries.
Some officers sustain injuries.
Some officers sustain threaten injuries.
Some officers take bait.
Some officers take life.
Some officers take own life.
Some officers take photos.
Some officers take pictures.
Some officers take possessions.
Some officers train entrepreneurs.
Some officers understand problems.
Some officers use cannons.
Some officers use deadly forces.
Some officers use forces.
Some officers use specimens.
Some officers utilize style.
Some officers watch from towers or guard the entrances.
Some officers witness incidents.
Some officers work in facilities.
Some officers work in jails.
Some officers work in rooms.
Some officers work midnights.
Some officers work scenes.
Some officers work totally as volunteers, and some are paid part-time employees.
Some officers work with dogs.
Offices hours are infrequent and usually held on a remote mountaintop.
All offices hours are by appointment only.
Official accreditation can also give parents some reassurance of a center's quality.
Official accreditation is granted by the home institution by virtue of the consortial relationship.
Official action includes decisions involving the use of discretionary authority.
Official action is defined by the ethics code to mean discretionary action.
Official action is taken in open session.
All official action is done by a motion, and second, followed by discussion and a vote.
Official activity demands the full working capacity of the official.
Official admission is granted upon completion of specific requirements.
Official advice is that pregnant women can safely drink up to four units of alcohol a week.
Official answers are in italics, with a link to the thread.
Official answers take more time.
Official apathy is just one of the obstacles to effective advocacy.
Official apathy is said to be the reason for the delay.
Official application is attached.
Official application is held middle of fall and spring term.
Official art is woefully scarce.
Official assistance can help countries get through the worst days of the crisis.
Official assistance is effective only when it complements locally-led efforts.
Official attendance is recorded at the beginning of each school day.
Official authority comes from regulations and manuals or is designated by rank.
Official authority is required .
Official benchmarks are usually low concrete monuments capped with an encoded metal plate.
Official bird is the Bluebird.
Official brutality is definitely a problem inside Turkish prisons, no doubt about it.
All official budgets are at the primary object code level.
Official buildings become less boring under flashing lights and decorations.
Official business is conducted for an hour followed by a social.
Official business takes place largely at the monthly board meetings .
Official calculations are to be performed by the methods provided by the branch of service.
Official campaign recognises coaches and officials at the grassroots and intermediate levels.
Official cancellation is required to obtain a refund.
Official cars flash red and white headlights and roll through.
Official catalogues are available from the club.
All official ceremonies are falsities, of course, freeze-frame displays of institutional continuity.
Official certification provides a uniform basis for the marketing of agricultural commodities.
Official charges are public indecency and public lewdness.
Official charges are unknown.
Official colors range from various shades of red ranging from red to wheaten.
Official comments can set the markets' course for months.
Official competition includes feature-length and short films.
Official competition is still years away.
Official complaints are rare because there is no safe recourse.
Official confirmation is always nice, though.
Official confirmation is done by telephone only.
Official confirmation is yet to come.
Official consideration is given to an application only after all credentials are received.
Official construction begins.
Official correspondence is read concerning the law on taxes for the militia.
Official corruption continues to plague Chinese social, political, and economic life.
Official corruption erodes all efforts to achieve food security.
Official corruption is another hot topic.
Official corruption is endemic.
Official corruption is rampant.
Official corruption is rare, and punishable under Norwegian law.
Official corruption is widespread.
Official corruption needs to be reduced for general assistance efforts to be effective.
Official corruption stands at the heart of the unrest.
Official counts can lead to information about outbreaks, which can then be investigated.
Official credit is given for courses attended.
Official currency can and does circulate far and wide.
Official currency is the colon.
Official currency is the Fijian dollar.
Official data imply the gravity of the menacing problem.
Official data suggest that income growth was much slower in the second period.
Much official data is deliberately favorable rather than realistic.
Official decisions are final.
All official decisions are final.
Official delegates vote to adopt the jacket as the organization s official dress.
Official delegates vote to adopt the jacket as the organization's official dress.
Official demo includes single player, deathmatch, and co-operative gameplay.
Official designations can make for remarkably contentious battles.
Official details are yet to be released, but casting is currently taking place.
Official directory gives names and contact information for all board members and staff.
Official Disclaimer Apply for Housing Please print and complete the appropriare application below.
An official document is papers
Official documents are a critical part of our hiring process.
Official documents are definitive, but their availability is often imperfect.
Official documents are documents.
Official documents are in the form of a birth certificate, passport, or court order.
Many official documents suffer from over-capitalisation.
Most official documents depend on a simple rubber stamp to be considered 'genuine'.
Official documentation determines the student's eligibility for admission.
Official documentation includes a doctor s excuse, court summons, etc.
Official documentation includes a doctors excuse, court summons, etc.
Official documentation is available at the Township's offices.
Official documentation is available only at the Township office.
Official documentation is required before academic accommodations can be authorized.
Official documentation is required for all credit awarded.
Official documentation is required to scheduling make-up assignments.
Official documentation is required.
Some official documentation is available here .
Official donors have a special role in such cases.
Official ego seems the likely reason.
Official enrollment is determined after the third week of classes.
Official estimates using the human poverty index suggest that human poverty is similarly widespread.
Official events operate much like our own rodeo associations.
Official fees are for overseas students.
Official Fees are subject to change.
Official figures are usually very much on the conservative side.
Official figures fail to record the non-registered floating Chinese population in Tibet.
Official figures released by the government seem to bear it out.
Official figures reveal that health fund management costs jumped sharply last financial year.
Official figures reveal that the millennium year was the best ever for art lovers in the capital.
Official figures say that Omani women now make up nearly a third of the workforce.
Official figures show that people's earnings still strongly govern whether they are able to log on.
Official figures show that the unemployment rate is under three percent.
Official figures show that violence in Japanese schools is on the rise.
Official figures suggest that one in four girls and one in six boys are being sexually abused.
Any official figures are extremely conservative as they only relate to hospital discharges.
Official flows rise sharply.
Official forms are available from any police department or state police officer.
Official forms are available from the race director.
Official forms are available here .
Official gazettes are, almost exclusively, in the national language of the country.
Official government estimates, however, remain at higher levels.
Official graders are subject to the call of anyone who wishes their services.
Official guidance is also available to ensure that safe procedures are practiced by all.
Official guide is compulsory for all excursions.
Official guides are recognisable by their uniform and have identity cards.
Official guidelines agree.
Official helpers are preferable.
Official historians are guilty of placing documents in historic arrangements.
Most official histories are dry and dusty affairs.
Official homepage includes statements, articles, interviews, news releases, and endorsements.
Official hurricane seasons span months.
Official identification is required, as it is a government regulation.
Official identification is required.
Official immunity applies to individual governmental actors.
Official immunity is discharge
Official immunity is exemption.
Official immunity is for offi- cials.
Official immunity is one exception to liability.
Official immunity protects judgment or discretion that is exercised on an operational level.
Official information is available here .
Official information is available in the Student Handbook.
Official inquiries refuse to lay any blame on the officers involved.
Official inspection occurs on delivery into the terminal elevator.
All official inspectors carry photo identification.
Official institutions disown the entire issue.
Official language is Arabic, business language is English.
Official language is Arabic, but English is widely spoken.
Official language is Arabic.
Official language is English or subtitles in English.
Official language is English, but has strong French influence.
Official language is English.
Official language is French.
Official language is German.
Official language is Japanese, and English also.
Official language is Japanese.
Official language is Palauan but English is also spoken.
Official language is Portuguese.
Official language is Somali.
Official language is Spanish, but many Ticos speak at least a little English.
Official language is Spanish.
Official language is Swahili.
Official language is Swedish, however, most Swedes speak or understand english.
Official language spoken is Bahasa Indonesia and predominant religion is Muslim.
Official languages are Arab, French and English.
Official languages are Arabic and Berber.
Official languages are English and French.
Official languages are English and Italian.
Official languages are English and Maori.
Official languages are French and English.
Official languages are Japanese and English.
Official languages are Spanish, Portuguese and English.
Official languages are Swahili and English.
Official languages is French.
Official launches play an important role in the promotion of the reports.
Official media refute the reports of a radiation surge as groundless.
Official meetings occur twice annually.
Official meetings take place in the adjacent main building.
Official membership begins the first day following payment of dues.
Official memorandums are a standardized and efficient way to conduct correspondence.
Official merchandise is merchandise that has been approved by the band.
Official minutes are subject to public inspection.
Official misconduct does occur and local officials sometimes do act out of malice or incompetence.
Official misconduct is a class A misdemeanor.
Official misconduct is a Class E felony.
Official misconduct is a misdemeanor offense.
Official morality is a bridle to restrain the oppressed.
Official morality is determined by who s in power, while the evil they do is state sanctioned.
Official museums are often the right context for exhibititons.
Official name is printed by the command hostname .
Official neglect affects the political attitudes of businessmen.
Official neglect is to blame for the fact that death reigns supreme here.
Official negotiations lead to thirteen year truce.
Official notice is taken of the above regulatory criteria.
Official notification is needed to process an enrollment cancellation.
Official notification is required.
Official numbers are hard to find due to the general state of chaos in the country.
Official numbers place Texas' undomesticated hog population at a million.
Official Observers have a voice but no vote.
Official Observers have voice but no vote.
Official observers report a growing danger of diseases such as cholera in the flooded region.
Official one is currently under construction.
Official opening is the earliest date students can move into their assigned apartment.
Official opening is the earliest date students can move into their assignment.
Official oppression is a Class E crime.
Official oppression is a Class E felony.
Official orders welcome.
Official organizations acknowledge interacting with occupants of craft.
Official organizations acknowledge occupants of craft on Earth.
Official organizations report observing craft near Earth.
Official page features schedules, results, tournament history, and a visitor's guide.
Official pages are administrative pages, class-related and research related pages.
Official pages don t have a disclaimer.
All official paperwork is stored at the station for public perusal.
Official participation is limited to government delegations.
Official patches are the patches that are worn by law enforcement officials.
Official Payments charges a convenience fee for paying with the card.
Official Payments charges taxpayers a convenience fee for processing credit card transactions.
Official permission is required to have the privelege to visit some locations.
Official permission is required to have the privilege to visit some locations.
All official permits are in order and current to sell gas, oils and derivatives.
Official photographer offers an alternative photo-quality certificate.
Official plants are under Federal jurisdiction.
Official prayers don t do any favors for religion.
Some official press releases about the show, as sent to TV stations.
Official programme is available now.
Official programme is the essential reference for the event.
Official projections show there is a surplus in the federal budget.
Official proof is required.
Official publications contain laws, regulations and legislation.
All official publications are in .PDF format.
Many official publications are available on the Internet .
Official publishers have full responsibility for accuracy of pages they create.
Official purposes is defined as work necessary to carry out NOAA programs and responsibilities.
Official recognition can give someone an emotional boost , along with their friends and associates.
Official recognition is needed to deal with the problem.
Official recognition occurs by a majority vote of the faculty.
Official recognition provides a powerful symbol of reconciliation.
Official recognition symbolizes excellence, experience, and professionalism.
Official recognition translates into special privileges for the inmates.
Official records are admissible as evidence of the existence or nonexistence of facts .
Official records are available at the clerk's office.
Official records are public documents.
Official records differ as to the location of the crash.
All official records are open to the public.
Official registration alters the relationship of a religious group with the government.
Official registration is complete when fees have been paid .
Official registration is done with the student's vocational advisor.
Official registration occurs the week before classes begin.
Official registration takes place the first night of class.
Official registration takes place the first session of each class.
Official releases are available on the projects group page .
Official reports indicate that the shock wave destroyed much of the office.
Official reports reach ill-advised conclusions based on financial or statistical advancement.
Official reports say a number of terrorists hijacked several commerical airplanes.
Official reports say little of the abysmal circumstances of that fight.
Official reports say over four thousand two hundred natives have been buried by American troops.
Official reports say two people died, including a boy burned to death in a store.
Official reports state the vessel foundered in a storm.
Official reporters are responsible for transcript production by their substitutes.
Official reporters work in courtrooms.
Official reporters work in the courtroom.
Official reserves are to ensure that a government can meet near term obligations.
Official results are available.
Official results are due later today.
Official results are now on-line.
Official results are up as well as new photos .
Official results are usually available approximately eight weeks after testing.
Official rules appear below the entry form.
Official rules apply and no purchase is necessary.
Official rules apply.
Official rules are available on the web site.
Official rules are available online.
Official rules are below.
Official Rules are Final.
Official rules are hard to find.
Official Rules are here .
Official rules are subject to change from one program ear to another without written notice.
Official Rules Entering our contest is easy and free.
Official rules prohibit guarantees or details on the machine's operation.
Official Rules See the official rules page for all the rules and regulations.
Official rules supercede all other published editions.
Official rules supersede all other published editions.
Official rules vary from region to region.
Official Rules vii.
Official salaries are limited.
Official schedulers are the individuals who hold the titles following the facility.
Official schedulers are the individuals who hold the titles listed on the right.
Official schemes are available in many countries for monitoring good laboratory practice.
Official scores are to be requested by the student and sent directly by the testing agency.
Official scores arrive much later.
Official script is Roman.
Official sentiments are one thing.
Official server is in preparation.
Official site are currently unavailable.
Official site contains competitions, statistics, press releases and monthly news letter.
Official site contains forums, a chatroom, links, and online shopping.
Official site contains game help, feedback, downloads, online gameplay, and shopping.
Official site contains news, point standings, race results, driver biographies and a message board.
Official site contains press releases, game information, screenshots, videos, and demo.
Official site covers organization, events, programs and scholarships.
Official site features autobiographical information, stories, and pictures.
Official site features latest news, appearances, and a fan club.
Official site features sound files, song lyrics, show information, history, and artwork.
Official site features tour dates, photos, tour journals, audio and video, and news.
Official site features tour schedule, fan club information, discography, photos, news, and web shop.
Official Site Get a general overview about Austrian ice hockey here.
Official site has maps, mileage chart, info on towns, fall color tour.
Official site Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Official site includes a full discography, artist bio, news updates, and audio clips.
Official site includes a showcase of past collections and ordering information for current dolls.
Official site includes band profile and show dates.
Official site includes bio and gig information.
Official site includes bio, news, gig dates, pictures, discography, and merchandise.
Official site includes biographies, lyrics, discography, gig dates and sound files.
Official site includes biographies, sound files, calendar, and reviews.
Official site includes biography, articles, recordings, schedule, and press kit.
Official site includes biography, discography, lyrics, sound files, merchandise, and pictures.
Official site includes biography, discography, sound files, and photos.
Official site includes biography, photographs, discography, lyrics and sound files.
Official site includes biography, photos, discography, upcoming events, and merchandise.
Official site includes biography, profiles, and reviews.
Official site includes bios, show dates, reviews, CD info, and photos.
Official site includes bios, sound files, gig dates, and merchandise.
Official site includes cover art, interactive demo page and other details.
Official site includes gig dates, bio, and sound files.
Official site includes gig dates, profiles, lyrics, and sound files.
Official site includes history, discography, gig dates, news, and sound files.
Official site includes history, discography, photographs, gig dates and sound files.
Official site includes history, gig dates, sound files, pictures, and message board.
Official site includes history, photos, discography, sound files, and lyrics.
Official site includes history, pictures and gig dates.
Official site includes history, profiles, show dates, lyrics, and sound files.
Official site includes history, reviews, sound file, lyrics, and CD information.
Official site includes history, tourism information, and web cam.
Official site includes information on joining the list, reviews, lyrics, and sound files.
Official site includes league pages with schedule, standings, leading scorers, contacts and news.
Official site includes news, biography, discography and photos.
Official site includes news, biography, reviews, and CD information.
Official site includes news, bios, and lyrics.
Official site includes news, gig dates, history, discography, sound files, and lyrics.
Official site includes news, gig dates, sound files, lyrics, and pictures.
Official site includes news, gig guide, and merchandise.
Official site includes news, history, discography, sound files, reviews, and tour dates.
Official site includes news, history, show dates, and pictures.
Official site includes news, photos, downloads, gig dates, band information and links.
Official site includes news, pictures and lyrics.
Official site includes news, pictures, show dates, and a link to sound files.
Official site includes news, pictures, sound files, and lyrics.
Official site includes news, profiles, biography, and lyrics.
Official site includes news, profiles, lyrics, and sound files.
Official site includes news, profiles, show dates, and photos.
Official site includes news, schedule, and ticket information.
Official site includes news, show dates, biography of the band, lyrics and pictures.
Official site includes news, tour dates, audio and video files, discography, and merchandise.
Official site includes news, upcoming events, and photos.
Official site includes photos, biography, show dates, and a link to sound files.
Official site includes press releases, news updates and downloadable software.
Official site includes profile, news, and pictures.
Official site includes profile, tour dates, discography, and pictures.
Official site includes profiles, bio, discography, pictures, and show dates.
Official site includes profiles, sound files, photos, and news.
Official site includes profiles, sound files, pictures, and news.
Official site includes rules, filing fees and procedures, but no cases.
Official site includes show dates and CD info.
Official site includes show dates, lyrics, and news.
Official site includes show dates, profiles, discography, and CD information.
Official site includes show dates, words, and music.
Official site includes sound clips, concert dates, and pictures.
Official site includes sound files, CD info, lyrics, bio, and show dates.
Official site includes sound files, lyrics, gig dates, and photos.
Official site lists global high scores and has patches for download.
Official site moves to rampant.org.
Official site offers a bio, reviews, photos, tour schedule, audio and video clips.
Official site offers a biography, discography, news, journal and a fan forum.
Official site offers game information, hints and tips, screenshots, and ordering.
Official site offers information on programs, conferences, publications and ongoing concerns.
Official site offers news and game information.
Official site offers product and research details, investor information and job opportunities.
Official site outlines the makeup and work of the department.
Official site presents biographical information, client list, testimonials and favourite jokes.
Official site presents screenshots and game features.
Official site provides aims, organisation, speeches and news.
Official site provides info about principles, state parties, news, and recent victories.
Official site provides news, information about allergies, and immunology and physician referrals.
Official sites have communities.
Official sites tend to be pretty dry and full of platitudes.
Most official sites have communities.
Official soccer shirts on sale from all Spanish first division clubs.
Official sources are the major sources of environmental information.
Official sources confirm that no group has yet to claim responsibility for the bombings.
Official sources fear strong opposition from entrenched trade unions to the proposed privatisation.
Official sources report that the situation is under control.
Official sources say that no poisoned person has been hospitalised so far.
Official sources shrug off the odd discordant notes.
Official sources understate Chinese presence in Tibet.
Official sports wear, name brands wear.
Official statements present another problem that of propaganda or concealment.
Most official statements deal with the potential environmental impacts of the railway.
Official statistics are helpful in revealing some of the causes and characteristics of child abuse.
Official statistics are to be objective and made available, free of charge, to the public.
Official statistics are unavailable on the number of rabbits produced annually in the United States.
Official statistics are unavailable.
Official statistics can mean different things to different people.
Official statistics is as follows.
Official statistics reveal that two workers are poisoned by pesticides every day.
Official statistics reveal where the tonnage is going and at what price.
Official statistics say around nine million earn less than a dollar a day.
Official statistics show Japan accounts for about one-half the foreign aid that China receives.
Official statistics show that the gap between the rich and the poor has widened.
Official statistics suffer also from a number of other omissions and distortions.
Official studies require months, and even years, of hard work at considerable expense.
Official support is for the drivers in the kernels available from the official kernel mirrors.
Official support is for the hardware cards.
Official support is needed for the application.
Official taxis carry a posted government permit near the meter.
Official taxis display a small blue flag.
Official taxis have green lights on the roof of white cars.
Official taxis take major credit cards.
All official taxis have registration 'H'.
Official testing is performed on all inspector-drawn samples taken for enforcement purposes.
Official texts assume that each group has a spokesman or headman.
Official theory says the state can make markets work better.
Official time is distributed for legal, commercial and other purposes.
Official timing starts when the flag is dropped to denote proper start.
Official trails are few.
Official transcript is ready.
Official transcript is required at time of employment.
Official transcript is required for processing.
Official transcript showing the completed baccalaureate degree is required.
Official transcripts are available approximately three weeks after final exams.
Official transcripts are available approximately two weeks after grades are mailed to students.
Official transcripts are available by mail.
Official transcripts are available ONLY at the end of the semester.
Official transcripts are available only for students whose payment records are in order.
Official transcripts are available upon request.
Official transcripts are free of charge .
Official transcripts are necesary to complete the application process.
Official transcripts are necessary following the completion of all prerequisite course work.
Official transcripts are necessary in order for an official evaluation to be completed.
Official transcripts are necessary to complete the application process.
Official transcripts are necessary.
Official transcripts are preferred but unofficial transcripts are acceptable.
Official transcripts are to be sent by the sending institution in a sealed envelope.
Official transcripts are to be submitted prior to matriculation.
Official transcripts are transcripts issued by the institution in a signed and sealed envelope.
Official transcripts exhibit the official seal and signature of the registrar.
Official transcripts have an official signature.
Official transcripts list only credit classes.
Official transcripts require five to seven working days.
Official transcripts submitted in sealed envelopes with the application are acceptable.
Official unemployment is almost twice as high in eastern Germany as in the west.
Official units creating web pages are responsible for the information they publish.
Official use is permitted.
Official vigilance based on sound intelligence is essential.
Official visits are quite different story.
Official Votes Vote now on the burning issues of today.
Official web sites have communities.
Official Web get a browser man.
Official website Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Official website offers schedule and ticket information.
Official websites are also a good place to find addresses.
Official websites are surprisingly slick.
All official wisdom is that it's too late.
Official withdrawal is required for honorable withdrawal and possible tuition refunds.
Official withdrawal is the responsibility of the student.
Official word is here .
An official is a skilled worker
Official is feedback or evaluation received in writing.
Official is pushed out.
Official is yet to be added to the rapidly growing Philly scene.
Official isa worker.
Officials abruptly agree to halt progress on the grandiose plan indefinitely.
Officials abuse the system too.
Officials abuse the system, too.
Officials accuse Britain of delaying aid in order to drive away the remaining residents.
Officials accuse nongovernmental groups of fabricating their data.
Officials acknowledge a treadmill quality.
Officials acknowledge that by doing that, they have undoubtedly ended up counting people twice.
Officials acknowledge the barriers have been ineffective.
Officials acknowledge the recent increase in such attacks.
Officials acknowledge theft is a problem at all levels of the military.
Officials acknowledge there is a fine line between harassment and freedom of speech.
Officials acknowledge there is little hope the missing hiker is still alive.
Officials acknowledge they used the wrong quota method which led to the shortfall.
Officials add it can be cheaper to pay overtime than to hire enough drivers to eliminate it.
Officials admit as much.
Officials admit privately that every day, somewhere in China, there is a demonstration.
Officials admit that desegregation efforts contradict freedom of choice for parents.
Officials admit that tiger populations are declining in Vietnam.
Officials admit the anti-malaria campaign lacks uniformity.
Officials admit their industry has been slow to incorporate the Internet into their operations.
Officials admit they aren t all that concerned with warning anybody.
Officials admit they have no idea of conditions inside the submarine.
Officials advise caution in straight communities as well.
Officials agree that more commercial development is near-certain in the area.
Officials agree that the waters around Indonesia are the most dangerous in Asia.
Officials agree the volume of disputed cases has increased as more fathers ask for custody.
Officials allege the bribery siphoned off funds intended for the care of nursing- home residents.
Officials already see some signs of compromise.
Officials also acknowledge the criticism they have received from survivors in recent years.
Officials also begin investigating the first suspected outbreak of the disease in Northern Ireland.
Officials also believe the crackers are selling credit card information to organized crime groups.
Officials also can attempt to eat for the month on a food stamp budget as well.
Officials also can zoom to one part of the building.
Officials also come in and physically check the home for fire safety, etc.
Officials also deny Vietnam has delayed economic reforms.
Officials also desire more control in deciding the appropriate use for the funds.
Officials also expect more absences than usual.
Officials also have lists of lawyers who speak English.
Officials also have to pass an annual rules test.
Officials also hope to determine the cause of the disaster after raising the submarine.
Officials also hope to do a better job of communicating with the public.
Officials also hope to get more state funding for school debt to help offset much of the increase.
Officials also hope to give top priority to minority vendors and contractors in developing the site.
Officials also hope to have a permanent executive director in place by year's end.
Officials also hope to take the company public some time in the future.
Officials also learn about problems through formal and informal feedback.
Officials also plan to house federal, state, and park offices on site.
Officials also plan to keep a closer eye on travel for high school groups.
Officials also plan to propose streamlining the rules governing certification of computer equipment.
Officials also plan to replace all of the bedroom furniture during that period.
Officials also plan to resume discussions on military maritime arrangements.
Officials also point out that the network has been a boon for development.
Officials also point to the high level of spoilt votes in Palm Beach County.
Officials also promise multiple contacts to get people to respond and easier forms to fill out.
Officials also refer to the state drought index.
Officials also say a state policy barring caseworkers as foster parents was also violated.
Officials also say growth has exacerbated the problem.
Officials also say many abusers try to forge prescriptions to obtain the drug.
Officials also say mobs damaged tracks by laying logs and boulders to block trains.
Officials also say the searches are a minimal inconvenience to public transportation passengers.
Officials also say they welcome detailed research on the subject.
Officials also see to it that the parents know how to contact the computer help desk on campus.
Officials also take solace in recent surveys on charitable giving by businesses and individuals.
Officials also use bogus psychiatric hospitalization to suppress dissent.
Officials also use gathered information to call out emergency vehicles.
Officials also warn that renovating older homes can stir up lead-laden dust.
Officials anticipate a much easier fall for next year's residents.
Officials anticipate completing the documentation project within four years.
Officials anticipate completing the revision within a year at most.
Officials anticipate harsher impacts on smaller water bodies.
Officials apologize for seeking to move son without parents' consent.
Officials are about to get a better picture of what's coming out of the stack.
Officials are accountable to Ministers.
Officials are adjudicators.
Officials are afraid of making the sponsors angry.
Officials are also concerned about indications that domestic consumption of heroin is growing.
Officials are also quick to point out the advantages the city offers to the business traveler.
Officials are always open to considering any proposals to teach other languages.
Officials are an integral part of the sport of hockey.
Officials are assigned to services.
Officials are baffled.
Officials are believe the fire was accidental.
Officials are busy with a variety of demands.
Officials are but representatives of the people.
Officials are cautiously optimistic about their efforts to control the beetle.
Officials are clearly mindful of growing demand.
Officials are concerned about effect on budget.
Officials are concerned about other possible impacts of the fish kills.
Officials are concerned about potential back-ups or a break in the cable.
Officials are concerned about the onset of disease.
Officials are concerned enough to send out fliers to area schools and alert the media.
Officials are concerned that elderly and shut-in residents get the message.
Officials are confident in the industry s ability to provide safe and reliable natural gas service.
Officials are eligible for election.
Officials are employees of the civil service and are legally responsible to the minister.
Officials are especially concerned because the beetle appears to be attacking healthy trees.
Officials are fine-tuning the township hall rental policy.
Officials are fond of saying that they operate in a free-market education economy.
Officials are free to use the procedures in whole or in part.
Officials are full-time, salaried and recruited on the basis of formal qualifications.
Officials are interested in a lid to improve the connection between the South and Central campuses.
Officials are just like coaches and players.
Officials are like human beings.
Officials are more enthusiastic than ever for collaboration with the outside world.
Officials are more optimistic.
Officials are most zealous when it comes to preserving their own secrecy.
Officials are no longer honest and faithful.
Officials are non-partial and are doing their best.
Officials are notifying schools and families if they've been exposed to tainted berries.
Officials are now in the process of applying for a new grant.
Officials are now more optimistic about the economy and financial markets.
Officials are often able to provide helpful insight.
Officials are open and candid in discussing their home care quality programs .
Officials are optimistic about the future.
Officials are optimistic the momentum is building to bigger and better things.
Officials are optimistic.
Officials are particularly concerned about potential fire hazards in the northwestern United States.
Officials are professionals.
Officials are reluctant to release early information about the site in case protests are mounted.
Officials are responsible for enforcing the rules.
Officials are serious about enforcing the rules, too.
Officials are skilled workers.
Officials are so far unaware of any such assets in Switzerland.
Officials are still concerned, however, about possible flooding today in low-lying areas.
Officials are subject to a hierarchy, and fulfill their duties impersonally.
Officials are symbols of fair play, integrity and sportmanship.
Officials are symbols of fair play, integrity and sportsmanship.
Officials are the backbone of all team sport programs.
Officials are the same way.
Officials are the sole rule enforcement authority in a game.
Officials are there to ensure that both teams receive equitable treatment.
Officials are tight-lipped about study details.
Officials are to be paid based on local fiscal policy as soon as possible.
Officials are to be paid from the gate.
Officials are to be treated with respect by all.
Officials are to conduct themselves in a professional manner before, during, and after a contest.
Officials are unable to confirm the number of people still missing while rescue work is going on.
Officials are uncertain if the proposal applies to beneficiaries of the surviving spouse, also.
Officials are uncertain what to do with the disaster zone itself.
Officials are unclear if any mercury was spilled.
Officials are unclear on who authorized the expenditure.
Officials are unclear why the water main broke.
Officials are under pressure from developers threatening to sue or have their properties annexed.
Officials are unsure about why the fifth bird died.
Officials are unsure as to the reason for the problem.
Officials are unsure of the exact death toll.
Officials are unsure what caused the boat to turn over and when it happened.
Officials are upbeat.
Officials are very reluctant to be interviewed or give out any information.
Officials are wary of that approach.
Officials are well aware that barter provides some sort of cushion for the jobless.
Officials argue that such practices are lawful under existing precedent.
Officials ask customers to make sure valves are off and pumps have been hooked up.
Officials ask that boaters stay away from the site in the morning.
Officials ask that people who build wilderness fires do so only in established fire rings.
Officials assume fiscal impact to be minimal.
Officials assume impact to be minimal.
Officials assume minimal additional cost for printing.
Officials assume negligible impact.
Officials assume no direct fiscal impact to the city's funds.
Officials assume no fiscal impact to their department.
Officials assume no fiscal impact to their office.
Officials assume no fiscal impact.
Officials assume no impact to their departments.
Officials assume no significant fiscal impact.
Officials assume that the roads have an eight-year life.
Officials assume the actual loss of revenues of in kind services, and other requirements is unknown.
Officials assume the actual loss of revenues, in kind services, and other requirements is unknown.
Officials attempt to break up one of several scuffs.
Officials attending are often the same ones year after year.
Officials attribute that to sound enrollment management .
Officials attribute the achievement in part to the continuing strength of the economy.
Officials attribute the decreasing highway death toll to safer cars and safer highways.
Officials attribute the drop to beefed-up border patrols and Mexico's improving economy.
Officials attribute the drop to more thorough reviews.
Officials attribute the lower cost to increased oil production and a greater supply of gasoline.
Officials attribute the rise in customs revenues to the country's ongoing fight against smuggling.
Officials attribute the rising numbers partly to former dairy pastures reverting to woodlands.
Officials attribute the scarcity to hoarding, diversion and panic-buying of fuel.
Officials attribute the turnaround to the coordination of state and federal ratings systems.
Officials begin breaks.
Officials begin departure for Olympic venues.
Officials begin experiments.
Officials begin spring breaks.
Officials believe a hot water tank at the hospital was the probable source of the bacteria.
Officials believe an inmate is responsible.
Officials believe at least some of the fishermen's bodies are still aboard.
Officials believe broadening the schedule is the key to increasing exposure and interest.
Officials believe cult members fraudulently established corporations using false names.
Officials believe gasoline in the sewer caused the explosion.
Officials believe Iraq, North Korea and Russia are developing anthrax as a biological weapon.
Officials believe it is better to save the buildings than the roads and parking lots.
Officials believe it is needed to combat the rebel threat.
Officials believe it started several days ago from lightning.
Officials believe it was caused by a short circuit or overload in wiring used by a paging company.
Officials believe it's the first such discount in the nation for a public insurance program.
Officials believe rain played a part in the accident.
Officials believe some of the most sophisticated attacks are coming from Russia.
Officials believe that animal survived.
Officials believe that drug abuse and the production of locally-grown marijuana is increasing.
Officials believe that it is the same bear that has been ravaging the town's garbage cans.
Officials believe that Mexico is an important country to target because it is so close to Florida.
Officials believe that the businesses of three banks are somewhat complementary.
Officials believe that the ghost is a well-known historical figure.
Officials believe that there are many more vehicles driving around illegally.
Officials believe that translates into better student achievement.
Officials believe the cat is still on the plane.
Officials believe the crime was planned.
Officials believe the documents reflect industry practice.
Officials believe the fire occurred earlier in the day.
Officials believe the fire originated in a building housing the city's newspaper.
Officials believe the fire started as a result of clothes left on top of a floor furnace.
Officials believe the fire started in a ground floor apartment in the middle of the building.
Officials believe the fire was initiated in by a hold-over lightning strike.
Officials believe the group's allegations about expense reimbursements are baseless.
Officials believe the number of undeclared tablets is much higher.
Officials believe the PCBs are coming from industrial sites near the lakes.
Officials believe the problem of auto-deer accidents is increasing for a variety of reasons.
Officials believe the property is important for economic development along the city's riverfront.
Officials believe the suspect has fled the country.
Officials believe the victim was killed for spying on the queen of cyber-nudity.
Officials believe there has been almost universal acceptance.
Officials believe there is no further risk from the explosion.
Officials blame a drought and recent freezes on causing prime conditions for igniting fires.
Officials blame a mad bomber who died in the explosion.
Officials blame a personal vendetta.
Officials blame a reduction in land planted and a severe drought in the area.
Officials blame Albanian extremists.
Officials blame an unidentified individual with a blowtorch, scavenging wires.
Officials blame arson.
Officials blame deficits.
Officials blame foreign companies for failing to pay their share of the investment.
Officials blame high winds.
Officials blame Muslim groups for all the attacks.
Officials blame new tax rules for the lower numbers.
Officials blame overcrowding and declining interest in adoption in Romania and beyond.
Officials blame shifting attitudes on and off the field.
Officials blame shortages of materials and cash caused by the national debt crisis.
Officials blame the continuing drought for the sinkholes.
Officials blame the disappointing results in part on an ill-conceived integration strategy.
Officials blame the Internet for infecting the rank and file.
Officials blame the move on a slowing economy and lagging advertising sales.
Officials blame the situation on the substantial increase in the price of grain.
Officials blame the undercount for shortchanging social services programs, especially welfare.
Officials blame the waterline, which has dropped dramatically.
Officials blame their documentation shortcomings on the lack of a unified accounting system.
Officials blame tourists who feed the monkeys, which makes the situation worse and worse.
Officials blame urbanization, cost, and increased competition for leisure time.
Officials boast that few other fish tanks display animals that live so far below the surface.
Officials calculate local taxes by figuring out the total value of all property in their community.
Officials calculate the disease is moving south at about a couple miles per year on average.
Officials call for international tournament.
Officials call incident suspicious.
Officials call it a natural progression.
Officials call such dwellings death traps.
Officials call the area the Campus.
Officials can already point to myriad examples of the absence of planning.
Officials can also make decisions so bad that they can become national jokes.
Officials can barge in basically when they want.
Officials can benefit from knowing where other officials look for information.
Officials can change custody classifications without due process protections.
Officials can delay the processing of paperwork until receipt of an incentive.
Officials can disqualify a vehicle at any time for fuel or excessive oil leakage.
Officials can enter premises and seize relevant documents.
Officials can help students understand what landlords look for in tenants, as well.
Officials can only conduct random audits of applicants each year.
Officials can only do so much.
Officials can only hope that their bold moves look good to wary shoppers.
Officials can only reach the plane by foot because of the rough terrain on the mountain.
Officials can only speculate.
Officials can pinpoint some of the causes.
Officials can point to recent roll call votes in which record numbers of lawmakers supported it.
Officials can set predetermined levels of fecal coliform in shellfish as a management standard.
Officials can stop the clock at any time due to emergency, injury, or excessive delay.
Officials can stop the clock at their discretion.
Officials can take steps to prevent losses and to keep losses that do occur to a minimum.
Officials can wear black, white, gray, or gold shorts or warm-up pants.
Officials can work multiple days and multiple games per day.
Officials carry an ice chest containing one of the two black boxes.
Officials carry out duties.
Officials caution they have only begun to study the figures.
Officials caution, though, that a warm, dry fall lead to more fires.
Officials celebrate 'youth-crime epidemic'.
Officials change minds.
Officials charge off on their own, doing every kind of thing which provokes amazement.
Officials check for food protection and quality.
Officials cite an overwhelmed security system, which supports the registrar's Web applications.
Officials cite bookings made months in advance.
Officials cite crime as a threat to the tourism fueling Cuba's economy.
Officials cite examples in southeastern Pennsylvania and scattered locations throughout the state.
Officials cite high population density and irregular rain patterns by month, year and region.
Officials cite lack of interest.
Officials cite more complex reasons for the low rates of testing.
Officials cite more than the added parking as a benefit of the construction, though.
Officials cite reasons on both sides of the issue.
Officials cite research they say links smaller classes to better learning.
Officials cite several reasons for the energy shortage.
Officials cite several reasons.
Officials claim it was difficult to raid because it was well-guarded.
Officials claim it's already been armed with nuclear warheads.
Officials claim no water was contaminated or wildlife hurt.
Officials claim that negotiations are underway with the miners over the terms of the redundancy.
Officials claim that there are still many more refugees waiting at the border crossing.
Officials claim the drug resulted in the death of that horse.
Officials claim the land essentially belongs to Panama and all of Latin America.
Officials claim there is no political leverage.
Officials claim they want to do away with a surplus of doctors throughout the nation and save money.
Officials clarify requirements for shipping privately owned vehicles overseas.
Officials classify an outbreak as an occurrence of three or more cases of the disease.
Officials come and go, but the exclusion of the Roma from the Bulgarian media continues.
Officials come from all sides.
Officials come in and break up the fight before anything bad happens.
Officials complain that all state funding for Internet development has gone to coastal cities.
Officials complete a day-long program, which combines classroom instruction and realistic training.
Officials concede convictions are difficult to get, but they say the threat has been a deterrent.
Officials concede that pedestrians have been the principal victims of traffic problems.
Officials concede that some people are leery of government officials, and the forms they bring.
Officials congratulate themselves for the number of jobs created.
Officials connected with the project know of no other relatives.
Officials consider any proposal to be a means to further their protection initiatives.
Officials consider commercial trunked radio service a very good option.
Officials consider expanding a composting facility to meet demand.
Officials consider it an educational tool.
Officials consider mudslides of built-up ash one of the gravest dangers posed by the volcano.
Officials consider the threat of violent eruption to be at a level three on a scale of one to five.
Officials contend it's hard to argue with success.
Officials contend that leafleting can attract crowds and disrupt traffic.
Officials contend that the leaflets incite violence.
Officials contend that the policy is working.
Officials continually are on the road, talking with athletes, whom they consider their clients.
Officials continue assessing the damage.
Officials continue close watch on river levels.
Officials continue to deny allegations of a missile or a government cover up.
Officials continue to disclose only meager and partial information.
Officials continue to find new positive citrus trees in residential areas.
Officials continue to investigate the alleged abuses.
Officials continue to receive cancellations.
Officials continue to refuse to identify that vessel.
Officials continue to talk with lawmakers to revive the system s funding.
Officials coordinate health services.
Officials coordinate services.
Officials count the pieces of mail for and against every issue.
Officials counter that it s only natural that most citations involve older homes.
Officials counter that the government is researching ways to reduce pollution.
Officials credit a collaboration between schools and community health services.
Officials credit the achievement to intensive safety training.
Officials credit the improvement to the nation's strong economy.
Officials credit the increase in activity to higher fish populations.
Officials credit their ongoing safety campaign.
Officials currently have no suspect or motives in the case.
Officials debate a strategy to keep it out of Maine, from inspections to education.
Officials debate about whether to arm jail guards.
Officials debate the fine art of plop observation.
Officials decide against comment period.
Officials decline to comment.
Officials demand the information immediately, threatening to hold up the grant.
Officials deny any systematic discrimination.
Officials deny intention to form a new government.
Officials deny it was breakthrough.
Officials deny it.
Officials deny rumors of concrete in stage muting fabled sound.
Officials deny that claim.
Officials deny that.
Officials deny the allegation.
Officials deny the charges.
Officials deny the claim.
Officials deny they hold any religious prisoners, just people who have broken the law.
Officials determine methods.
Officials determine operations.
Officials discuss crisis in Somalia .
Officials discuss earthquake preparedness .
Officials discuss refocusing department.
Officials discuss results.
Officials dismiss ideas.
Officials dispute closing date change.
Officials distribute information quickly to highway rest areas and on assigned radio frequencies.
Officials divide the proposed number of jobs to be created into the requested contribution.
Officials do ask that all residents continue to conserve water.
Officials do jobs.
Officials do say there is absolutely no cause for people to panic.
Officials do that by looking at the method of mutilation and any supporting evidence.
Officials document incidents.
Officials don t know what started the fire.
Officials dopily throw good money after bad in the Drug War while shortchanging drug education.
Officials downplay concerns.
Officials drag on the reins.
Officials eavesdrop on the conversation of free and innocent citizens.
Officials emphasize that weight estimates are planning tools only and in no way binding.
Officials employ various strategies to halt or delay the sale of costly new medications.
Officials encourage military members to file their claims as early as possible.
Officials encourage parents to keep children in one school if it's possible to drive every day.
Officials encourage people coming to the event to carpool.
Officials encourage service members to contact propane dealers for proper disposal of the tanks.
Officials encourage the participation of citizens in public issues and activities.
Officials enter and read the order of expulsion from the convent.
Officials envision a village center with a romantic flair.
Officials estimate about two-thirds of the ship's fuel has been burned off.
Officials estimate damage at three million dollars.
Officials estimate damage from blackbirds runs in the millions of dollars.
Officials estimate future savings through greater efficiencies in hiring and purchasing practices.
Officials estimate numbers.
Officials estimate savings to be minimal.
Officials estimate that almost one-fifth of the nation's territory is under falsified titles.
Officials estimate that as many as one in four people is a heroin addict.
Officials estimate that just the permit application process can take up to five years.
Officials estimate that more than one million people are now homeless.
Officials estimate that's about as many people as the sewer system can handle.
Officials estimate the department needs three times the space it now has.
Officials estimate there are at least tens of thousands.
Officials estimate they are saving up to a quarter of their coca.
Officials examining the 'mass graves' have yet to find one body.
Officials excitedly hunt down and find the escaped bedbug.
Officials expect a similar miracle here.
Officials expect a trend of continued growth.
Officials expect athletes to bend and break rules.
Officials expect checks to continue to trickle in steadily over the next week or so.
Officials expect delays but no serious problems.
Officials expect errors and tabulation time to decrease.
Officials expect further appointments in coming years.
Officials expect guidance counselors to welcome the new program.
Officials expect heat and power shortages to require an encore today.
Officials expect it to increase at a rapid rate as more area residents find out about the new stop.
Officials expect little opposition.
Officials expect mental illnesses of all severities among the elderly to triple in coming years.
Officials expect moremarketing via agency Web sites.
Officials expect no interuption of any city services.
Officials expect some resistance.
Officials expect that number to triple soon.
Officials expect that some travel to Chicago in wood-packing crates from China.
Officials expect the current unfavorable conditions for area schools to only get worse.
Officials expect the new ventures to begin generating revenues within five to seven years.
Officials expect the numbers to climb during the next five years.
Officials expect the playground to be the prototype for others across the country.
Officials expect the rail hub to attract light and heavy industry.
Officials expect the rain to be steady, with some thunderstorms possible.
Officials expect the red tide to break up soon as a strong current moves into the area.
Officials expect the review to take about a week.
Officials expect the shellfish beds to be given a clean bill of health by the state within a year.
Officials expect the soccer fields to be completed by next spring.
Officials expect the toll to rise.
Officials expect the work to be finished by next spring.
Officials expect thousands of demonstrators.
Officials expect to add more engineering programs.
Officials expect to break ground on the facility in about a year.
Officials expect to call off the search at dark.
Officials expect to comply with that more complex requirement sometime next year.
Officials expect to decide soon whether to replace the bridge or rehabilitate it.
Officials expect to find more in spots where fire stripped the land bare.
Officials expect to have full capacity at the conference.
Officials expect to have it completed in the next two years.
Officials expect to have one third of the island's power restored today.
Officials expect to return next year to plant more.
Officials expect to see savings in staff hours and in postage costs.
Officials expect to shoot avalanche paths and begin clearing the debris mid-morning today.
Officials expect to start getting data back from the moon that same morning.
Officials expect to tally results within two to six weeks.
Officials explain action.
Officials explain it as a cult suicide.
Officials express concern over bill proposing to eliminate local control over animal control issues.
Officials express confidence.
Officials Fail to Show .
Officials Fail to Show.
Officials favor benefits for journalists.
Officials favor sites in the area.
Officials fear a breakdown of law and order, as desperation mounts.
Officials fear deeper cuts.
Officials fear mass drownings, lawsuits.
Officials fear that farmers are bypassing health checks on beef and other meats.
Officials fear that online voting.
Officials feel players are greedy and self centred.
Officials feel the area is a safe place in which to reside.
Officials figure it appeals to young people, too.
Officials figure that talking on a mobile phone at the same time is too much.
Officials Find federal, state, county, and municipal officials by name or title.
Officials fly over the devastation in helicopters.
Officials follow environmental laws.
Officials follow laws.
Officials foresee some difficulties initially with the expanded checks because of volume.
Officials forgo revenue by bidding down their tax rates against other jurisdictions.
Officials get both lecturing and hands-on approaches to officiating a particular sport.
Officials get first look at feasibility report on parking garage downtown.
Officials get sloppy.
Officials get some indication of where pilots are from if they pay for gas with a credit card.
Officials give final OK to police dog A police dog is back on patrol in North Middleton Township.
Officials go to great lengths to make participation in sports as safe as possible.
Officials have (part) arms.
Officials have (part) body substances.
Officials have (part) cell membranes.
Officials have (part) cells.
Officials have (part) corpi.
Officials have (part) cytoplasm.
Officials have (part) heads.
Officials have (part) human bodies.
Officials have (part) legs.
Officials have (part) material bodies.
Officials have (part) necks.
Officials have (part) nuclei.
Officials have (part) personality.
Officials have (part) plasma membranes.
Officials have (part) sections.
Officials have (part) vacuoles.
Officials have a heavy responsibility.
Officials have a number of goals for the program's future.
Officials have a three-step plan in which applications are processed.
Officials have broader responsibilities to foster global security and to advance social objectives.
Officials have educational requirements.
Officials have enough obstacles to put before targeted individual refugees.
Officials have few answers but talk of belt-tightening.
Officials have interest.
Officials have little affect on the schedule as they are assigned after the fact.
Officials have little time to think about human rights policy.
Officials have many responsibilities once the game begins.
Officials have meetings.
Officials have no estimate yet for any future salvage work, rehabilitation and reseeding.
Officials have no given a target for the harvest but they are expecting a more modest improvement.
Officials have no idea how long it was in use.
Officials have no idea where the man is currently.
Officials have no immediate plans to raise the engine.
Officials have no suspects in the case.
Officials have no suspects.
Officials have no suspicions of criminal activity.
Officials have no timetable for releasing the device, other than to say sometime next year.
Officials have plenty of reason to crow.
Officials have reason for concern.
Officials have requirements.
Officials have rights.
Officials have situations.
Officials have specific educational requirements.
Officials have specific requirements.
Officials have the authority to ban intoxicated persons from play.
Officials have the money now for that.
Officials have the only authority for the manner in which the game is called.
Officials have the power to use any method to prevent the violation of martial law.
Officials have the right to determine offensive language.
Officials have to be more than yes-people.
Officials have to be ready and prepared to take on board the messages.
Officials have to clean up post play.
Officials have to come up with plans by the annual budget request deadline in autumn.
Officials have to learn to let it roll off their backs.
Officials have to prove it's a material disruption to the educational process.
Officials have to show the judge that there is probable cause before a warrant can be given.
Officials have yet to determine the man's identity.
Officials have yet to find a man seen at the complex about five minutes before the fire was noticed.
Officials have yet to provide any details about the probe to the public.
Officials have yet to release the boy's name.
Officials have yet to respond.
Officials have yet to settle on dollar amounts or specifics.
Officials here acknowledge that the commission is unpopular.
Officials here believe that without India's help the refugee issue is unlikely to be resolved.
Officials here pay much more than lip service to the ideal of happy constituents.
Officials here report construction of two new schools is on schedule.
Officials here say there is still time to make the cease-fire work.
Officials here try to put a brave face on the statistics.
Officials hide under the desk by design.
Officials hide when a problem happens instead of coming forward to give the true picture.
Officials hold back report on endangered reserve.
Officials hold conferences.
Officials hold in their hands the means to raise women's basketball to a new level.
Officials hold news conferences.
Officials hold out the possibility of more layoffs, characterizing cost-reduction moves as ongoing.
Officials hope a settlement finally comes.
Officials hope construction on the district can start no later than next spring.
Officials hope for an orderly, staged repatriation.
Officials hope growth in development outweighs loss of property values.
Officials hope it'll serve as a learning tool, too.
Officials hope it's the first of many festivals to come.
Officials hope that it cuts down on traffic, pollution and parking problems.
Officials hope the building can be an educational tool.
Officials hope the changes mean students no longer believe that learning ends outside the classroom.
Officials hope the mother bear and cub wake before humans return in the spring.
Officials hope the navigational equipment deters similar accidents.
Officials hope there are far busier times ahead for the station.
Officials hope to accommodate at least eight lanes of traffic.
Officials hope to accomplish that by the end of next year.
Officials hope to add interactivity at some point but have no time frame for improving the site.
Officials hope to attract private technology companies to adjacent building sites.
Officials hope to award contracts next week.
Officials hope to begin offering classes next fall.
Officials hope to begin the dredging next fall.
Officials hope to continue the overall trend into the new century.
Officials hope to develop risk indicators to help identify potentially violent students.
Officials hope to establish a second migration route, from Wisconsin to Florida.
Officials hope to expand it later to include state employees and others.
Officials hope to expand it to other cities next spring.
Officials hope to find a suspect from the evidence.
Officials hope to find out how and when it was severed.
Officials hope to gain a business strategy that targets specific airlines.
Officials hope to get spectators to park a few miles from the course and use shuttle buses.
Officials hope to get the fire under control by today.
Officials hope to have a timeline for decisions in place by next week.
Officials hope to have it built and operating within two years.
Officials hope to have it ready for evening rush hour.
Officials hope to have several more in the Houston area soon.
Officials hope to have the displaced students into permanent housing before winter quarter.
Officials hope to have the line operational in a few weeks.
Officials hope to have the mold cleaned up within a few days.
Officials hope to have the new regulations in place by early next year.
Officials hope to have the new system up and running in two years.
Officials hope to have the simulcast pavilion open by the end of the year.
Officials hope to have the truck removed by the end of the day.
Officials hope to hire a black studies coordinator before the end of the year.
Officials hope to increase the percentage over the year.
Officials hope to inspire changes soon.
Officials hope to link additional facilities in the future.
Officials hope to make the runoff channel meander so it has more of a natural appearance.
Officials hope to move from the temporary bank building and into the new one within a month.
Officials hope to move the shelter residents so schools can open after the holiday break.
Officials hope to open the pot drive-thru's some time next year.
Officials hope to open the pot drive-thrus some time next year.
Officials hope to open three branches of the task force.
Officials hope to raise the additional money through donations.
Officials hope to re- open it as a museum within a year.
Officials hope to reach a final agreement by spring.
Officials hope to recycle many others.
Officials hope to reduce the disease threat posed by dead, rotting animals.
Officials hope to refine that estimate in the next few months.
Officials hope to reopen that highway today.
Officials hope to resolve the case after the man returns from an overseas trip.
Officials hope to restore the building into a tourist attraction.
Officials hope to resume operations within a few weeks.
Officials hope to reverse the nationwide shortage early next year.
Officials hope to see similar positive results with the updated system in the near future.
Officials hope to set a construction date next month for sometime in the next few years.
Officials hope to sink it far from shore.
Officials hope to start construction in the spring.
Officials hope to stave off a millennium-bug bank run by distributing billions of dollars in cash.
Officials hope to stem waterway carnage by requiring licenses for all but least powerful motorboats.
Officials hope to stock a second area, and are working to gain permission from riverside landowners.
Officials hope to test the draw-down idea in two years.
Officials hope to turn the tree-lined base into a viable commercial center west of town.
Officials hope to work with residents on their specific concerns.
Officials hurriedly put together advice on the disposal of disinfectants, manure, slurry and milk.
Officials identify people.
Officials ignore the waiting list when assigning families to new houses.
Officials insist homes near the molten stream are safe.
Officials insist students pursuing engineering and design jobs have nothing to worry about.
Officials insist that there is no cause for alarm.
Officials insist that they plan to return the airline to private control.
Officials insist the blaze was started by a farmer burning garbage.
Officials insist the government has tightened safety rules for the transports.
Officials insist the program is on schedule.
Officials insist their actions merely are a matter of emergency preparedness.
Officials insist they have been frugal.
Officials insists it only worked on antidotes to biological attack from the West.
Officials instead rely on general statutes that cover consumer protection and deceptive advertising.
Officials intend to upgrade the security on individual computers and the room.
Officials investigate suicide.
Officials investigate the first suspected case in Northern Ireland.
Officials involve in effort.
Officials involved in the negotiations say they expect the issues to be resolved.
Officials is a very active committee producing stroke video training tape.
Officials just go down the list until someone accepts the kill.
Officials kill swans.
Officials know the great ones.
Officials know the space business can be a roller-coaster of emotions.
Officials laud task group's work.
Officials laud their new ability to keep violent offenders in check.
Officials let others retrieve their damaged cars.
Officials let the teams play.
Officials like to be thanked.
Officials like to say the center cares for the mind, body and spirit.
Officials listed below are responsible for the functions indicated.
Officials look into revamping county fairgrounds - .
Officials love working games with efficient workers at the table.
Officials make a passionate case.
Officials make decisions.
Officials make initial decisions.
Officials make mistakes every day.
Officials make poor decisions.
Officials make rules.
Officials measure their own performance in terms of their output.
Officials meet to discuss resolving the dispute.
Officials meet today to figure out how to fix it.
Officials meet with their counterparts in various policy areas to exchange best practices.
Officials misallocate resources and have hidden political agendas.
Officials mobilize for extreme events.
Officials monitor activities.
Officials monitor telephone and internet communications to catch alleged criminals.
Officials monitor the glue used to stick the rubber layers onto the bat.
Officials move from companies to government and back.
Officials mull options on increasing campus parking.
Officials naturally are eager to lure back Irish people who left the country in leaner times.
Officials note that premature discharges due to funding issues cause many readmissions.
Officials note, however, that the bear's aggressive behavior was unusual.
Officials now accept that there is no hope of meeting the government's target for reducing obesity.
Officials now believe that support is forthcoming.
Officials now concede the move was a security blunder.
Officials now lease administrative and storage space in other locations.
Officials now say all options to reform the pension system are open for discussion.
Officials now say such complaints have died down and that the program has been a success.
Officials now say that is one of the leads being pursued.
Officials now say that the construction threatens a wetlands area.
Officials now say there's only one way to go.
Officials now say they plan to have a final document out early next month.
Officials offer a variety of reasons why phosphorus and nitrogen criteria pose problems.
Officials offer resources.
Officials openly acknowledge the problem at the center of Cuban life today.
Officials oversell the safety.
Officials pay a Community tax and deductions are also made for medical insurance and pensions.
Officials plan a slight enrollment increase at some campuses to accommodate the additional students.
Officials plan five one-bedroom apartments for people with mental illness and mental retardation.
Officials plan to add more and riskier offenders within a month.
Officials plan to add their flag sometime at the end of the spring semester.
Officials plan to allow retail purchases using the card in the future.
Officials plan to assemble a five-member shelter advisory committee.
Officials plan to build new apartments, offices and a museum in the building.
Officials plan to build three more.
Officials plan to convert the remaining locations over the next year.
Officials plan to expand the program, which offers students tutoring in math and English.
Officials plan to find out.
Officials plan to maintain six lanes of traffic a day, with lane restrictions at night.
Officials plan to make up the difference with state aid and grants.
Officials plan to mix the underground water with lake water to maintain the best quality possible.
Officials plan to pare that list of choices by the end of the month.
Officials plan to redirect the courses of two nearby rivers to help flush out the silt deposits.
Officials plan to release an X-ray picture of the lamp today.
Officials plan to release more, but in more remote areas.
Officials plan to replace the animals once the disease is under control.
Officials plan to restock the lake with native trout and salmon.
Officials plan to resubmit the request for funding.
Officials plan to track test scores to determine whether the classes result in improvements.
Officials plan to turn the site into a underwater museum sometime in the future.
Officials plan to wait until after the fire ants' mating season before stocking the river again.
Officials plan, among other things, to bring retail shops to the union.
Officials play a very significant role in the success of interscholastic athletic programs.
Officials Play of the game, time factors, etc.
Officials plead for international help to prevent a humanitarian crisis.
Officials point out China is a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty.
Officials point out that even top-scoring schools feel pressure.
Officials point out that on average, an inmate spends more than a decade awaiting execution.
Officials point out that they have good reason to make sure their computers work.
Officials point to several trends as contributing to the increases.
Officials point to the drug's availability as one reason it's so easily abused.
Officials point to two cases that typify the methods of Internet fraud.
Officials predominantly blame a lower-than anticipated kindergarten class size for the shortfall.
Officials prefer to call the platform a moral force.
Officials prepare to open shelters.
Officials prohibit public celebration of the Christian New Year in parts of Afghanistan.
Officials promise more staff.
Officials promise no surprises or hangups.
Officials provide funds for the purpose of influencing the information made public by the media.
Officials provide witness reporters with a notebook and two pencils.
Officials quickly fix the hack.
Officials raise concerns about security and leverage the issue to secure trade deals.
Officials raise concerns about the potential for brush fires due to the lack of wet weather.
Officials realize that phasing out rickshaws is easier said than done.
Officials recall the bust being one of the largest in recent history from a private boat.
Officials receive calls.
Officials receive criticism.
Officials recommend all pet owners have their animals vaccinated.
Officials recommend everyone stay at home during hazardous weather.
Officials recommend going to the home of a friend or checking into a motel.
Officials recommend submitting applications as early as possible.
Officials recommend that they be cleaned and inspected at the beginning of the heating season.
Officials refer to it as a use tax.
Officials referee, umpire, officiate, and supervise Intramural games and are paid for their work.
Officials refuse to disclose the allegations.
Officials refuse to speculate how many people have already been swept away.
Officials regard technical fields as the wave of the future.
Officials regard the sport as among the most rigorous in testing for drugs.
Officials regard the sport as among the most rigourous in testing for drugs.
Officials regularly appeal for money to deacidify paper in the library's books.
Officials regularly complain they are misquoted.
Officials regularly insult and threaten journalists for reporting on corruption.
Officials reject the accusations.
Officials release no other details.
Officials release statements.
Officials rely on judgment.
Officials remain concerned with safety Running, jumping, throwing, hitting a baseball or softball.
Officials remain coy about their Olympic chances but are anxious to avoid suspicion.
Officials report a steady stream of sales.
Officials report cases.
Officials report increasing conflict between humans and monkeys.
Officials report no increased in stress related symptoms among the patients seen in the hospitals.
Officials report no injuries or structural damage in any of the blazes.
Officials report sandbagging complete.
Officials report sandbagging is complete.
Officials report that all power has been restored to buildings capable of accepting power.
Officials report that preliminary autopsy results indicate cardiac arrest as the cause of death.
Officials report that the U.S. is flying helicopter missions for Laos troops.
Officials report that there is less than four inches of ice on Lake Pepin.
Officials report two people died in recent flooding incidents.
Officials reportedly have no intention of posting signs to inform visitors of the new policy.
Officials representing the bank say the type of arrangement was common in the credit card industry.
Officials request all committee members to attend.
Officials request assistance.
Officials request technical assistance.
Officials request that drivers stay alert while in the construction zone.
Officials require information.
Officials resume the hunt for a missing plane today in Nelson County.
Officials retrieve their assignments and the status of their compensation.
Officials routinely check up on each family's hygiene, etiquette and general behavior.
Officials run the show.
Officials say a clean filter is used every time.
Officials say a contractor was installing a furnace in the basement when it started.
Officials say a garage was destroyed, including a car and motorcycle inside.
Officials say a heater is to blame for the fire.
Officials say a massive explosion shattered the submarine.
Officials say a mattress in one of the bedrooms went up in flames.
Officials say a multipronged strategy gets better results than a single approach.
Officials say a new computer system ate their homework.
Officials say a new video is a necessary recruiting tool.
Officials say a reward is being offered for information that leads to an arrest.
Officials say a signal has been detected possibly from the plane's data or cockpit voice recorder.
Officials say a small amount of timber has already been felled.
Officials say a transformer fire caused the outages, and weather was likely to blame for the fire.
Officials say a wide variety of substances have been mixed into the pills.
Officials say abuse rates are increasing fast.
Officials say additional tests are needed.
Officials say aerial drops have helped to stop the fire from spreading.
Officials say alcohol-related deaths also are increasing.
Officials say algebra is a gateway to college and helps students develop problem-solving skills.
Officials say all that growth is straining local child-care services.
Officials say an airport is already planned.
Officials say an education drive is needed.
Officials say Ankara is ready to send ground troops if needed.
Officials say another family member was later arrested and is currently being held for questioning.
Officials say anti-development sentiment runs deep.
Officials say anyone caught with such weapons is liable for fines, citations, and court appearances.
Officials say area tracks are okay, but crew fatigue is an issue.
Officials say attendance on the opening morning met or exceeded the numbers for previous fiestas.
Officials say Boone County is a good location because it's in a strategic area near major cities.
Officials say client-support programs do help, however.
Officials say company-funded and independent medical studies show the stun guns are safe.
Officials say conservation efforts averted rolling blackouts throughout the state.
Officials say continued improvement and better methods of compiling data are needed.
Officials say cooperate, and ask to speak to someone who represents victim's rights.
Officials say crews are working on the problem.
Officials say customers are willing to pay the extra dough to avoid tram and shuttle buses.
Officials say decreasing birth rates and little growth in population are to blame.
Officials say e-filing is simple.
Officials say experience shows that is unlikely.
Officials say few party requests are granted.
Officials say fire conditions are still hazardous across the forest and campfires are illegal.
Officials say flood waters are receding, although a second flood wave is approaching the city.
Officials say further clarifications are being sought.
Officials say Georgia has more high-tech jobs than native employees who can do the work.
Officials say guerrillas in Macedonia are receiving weapons from sympathizers in Kosovo.
Officials say hair donations come from adults and children of all races from around the world.
Officials say harvests have been increasing over the past three seasons.
Officials say help is needed to accommodate the hundreds of refugees coming to the State.
Officials say hospitals already have existing contingency plans, complete with generator backups.
Officials say human nature adds to the number of weather deaths.
Officials say hundreds of local nurses are signing up to go work in Minnesota.
Officials say hundreds, perhaps thousands.
Officials say if the temperatures keep dropping, the bills are sure to rise.
Officials say implementation of that offer is progressing slowly.
Officials say in several precincts there is no problem because some workers return year after year.
Officials say in statements.
Officials say India accounts for nearly a third of all tobacco-related deaths in the world.
Officials say initial data are promising, although the final test ended prematurely.
Officials say investigation is ongoing.
Officials say is the first online master's degree in health law offered by an accredited school.
Officials say it also changed the island's topography.
Officials say it fits nicely into the area's tourism market.
Officials say it gives officers a greater visibility of the entire shopping complex.
Officials say it had been used on and off for more than a decade.
Officials say it had no operational impact.
Officials say it has hurt the district's efforts to recruit and retain teachers.
Officials say it has played a role in scores of fatal overdoses.
Officials say it improves security.
Officials say it is amazing the pilot was able to land the plane at all.
Officials say it is desperately needed to pay for new schools to keep up with population growth.
Officials say it is due to grain feed tainted with animal matter.
Officials say it is meant to rally Europe to resist key recovery policies.
Officials say it is needed to ensure a steady drinking water supply on Virginia's peninsula.
Officials say it is regularly tested to ensure proper functioning.
Officials say it is the largest gift the library has ever received from an individual.
Officials say it is the latest tool in the detection of shaken baby sydrome.
Officials say it kills the mosquitoes and dissipates within minutes.
Officials say it started around nine last night with an explosion on the back porch.
Officials say it took about six hours to get the fire under control.
Officials say it was an experimental aircraft, called a gyro-chopper.
Officials say it was fully engulfed by the time the owner returned to the vehicle.
Officials say it was intentionally set on fire.
Officials say it was likely a meteor.
Officials say it was quick thinking and teamwork that helped stop a high speed chase in the East.
Officials say it was the greatest comeback in the tournament's history.
Officials say it was well worth it.
Officials say it worked splendidly.
Officials say it's a different way of developing community policing.
Officials say it's hard to estimate how many have been left homeless, but it's in the thousands.
Officials say it's nowhere near enough.
Officials say it's predictable what happens next.
Officials say it's simply a stroke or several strokes of bad luck.
Officials say it's still too soon to tell.
Officials say it's the economy of the future.
Officials say it's the first such effort in the state to open up interstaterights of way.
Officials say it's the only public institution in the world that straddles a border like that.
Officials say it's the worst case of human smuggling they've ever seen.
Officials say keeping the agenda simple and starting with easy issues improve chances for success.
Officials say low water, high temperatures and longer days also help form the algae.
Officials say many more are missing.
Officials say medical supplies are running low.
Officials say monitors indicate the fumes are now contained to a chemical plant.
Officials say more cubs have died elsewhere.
Officials say most are homeless or people who pass out on the street after drinking alcohol.
Officials say most injuries to Arizona children happen during cooler months.
Officials say most of the crossers came from the state of Veracruz.
Officials say most of the dead have been taken off the streets and buried in mass graves.
Officials say most of the hotspots in satellite images appear on land owned by plantation companies.
Officials say most of the livestock that has survived is diseased.
Officials say most raw sewage entering a house comes from the occupants.
Officials say most workers are already making at least five dollars an hour.
Officials say much of the reduction can be achieved through better agricultural practices.
Officials say no job cuts are in the works.
Officials say no one was injured in the attack.
Officials say no one was living in the home at the time of the fire.
Officials say no radiation escaped into the environment.
Officials say no significant rainfall is likely in the area in the foreseeable future.
Officials say no single factor explains the increase in families seeking shelter.
Officials say nobody was injured.
Officials say noncustodial parents find creative ways to avoid their support obligations.
Officials say none of the problems has posed any danger within or outside the plant.
Officials say none of the radiation contaminated the atmosphere.
Officials say now there is no sign of cost overruns for that section.
Officials say numerous other bluegrass acts also have been booked for the festival's two stages.
Officials say one of the pickups was pulling a trailer carrying a race car.
Officials say one ticket was sold in Michigan, the other in Illinois.
Officials say only one person survived the accident.
Officials say only the CoI can point to the cause of the fire.
Officials say other loans are under consideration.
Officials say overall, students made significant improvements.
Officials say overcrowding caused yesterday's catastrophe.
Officials say part of the plan contributes some property to the city.
Officials say people frequently die of poisoning after drinking low-quality or industrial alcohol.
Officials say pesticides used in Canada for canola lack approval in the United States.
Officials say police used the public land without informing the concerned government agencies.
Officials say politicians have been warned of more attacks in coming days.
Officials say power has been restored every where.
Officials say preparations are humming right along.
Officials say prince was shot in the back.
Officials say private fund raising is crucial.
Officials say product safety is foremost.
Officials say race played no role in the decision to build it next to the foundry.
Officials say radiation levels in all but two spots near the accident have returned to normal.
Officials say refugees are now at risk for outbreaks of cholera, malaria and meningitis.
Officials say response has been good at other meetings.
Officials say retaliatory terrorist attacks are possible, but report no specific threats.
Officials say risks accompany the benefits of chemical plants.
Officials say security forces only returned fire in response to attacks by separatist rebels.
Officials say several streets are scheduled only for base repair and crack sealing.
Officials say showering and bathing is safe.
Officials say simple preventive steps can make a big difference.
Officials say six tanker cars overturned along with seven other cars.
Officials say some militias are now infiltrating more deeply into East Timor.
Officials say sophisticated spy technology detected no missile launch in the area.
Officials say soybeans have been most affected by the lack of rain.
Officials say student participation has been lower than anticipated.
Officials say such a plan is already in the works.
Officials say such a system offers strong hope for pollution control and cleaner lakes.
Officials say supplies of blankets, tents and food are arriving by air.
Officials say that adds up to about three thousand questionable applications a year.
Officials say that area now is safe to build houses.
Officials say that as with anything that sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
Officials say that black market gun trafficking is thriving.
Officials say that decision was illegal.
Officials say that despite efforts, poaching shows no sign of decline.
Officials say that disrupting the mosquito breeding areas helps stop the virus.
Officials say that drug abuse has been discovered in all areas of China.
Officials say that encourages a company to make a enduring commitment to the community.
Officials say that food adulteration and hoarding are rampant but their hands are tied.
Officials say that food adulteration and hoarding are rampant buttheir hands are tied.
Officials say that human-smuggling operations are a rising global concern.
Officials say that increases a woman's C-section risk.
Officials say that is another bit of information being pursued.
Officials say that is necessary to monitor criminal, espionage and terrorist activities.
Officials say that it worked but was too costly.
Officials say that left the blood supply critically low.
Officials say that more manpower and artillery are needed to launch a full assault.
Officials say that mould in the water was an appearance problem rather than a health problem.
Officials say that so far, Malaysia has been the most assertive Asean member.
Officials say that some had to walk as far as a mile home.
Officials say that some had to walk as far as a mile to get home.
Officials say that tear saved many lives.
Officials say that the arriving forces found much of the town in ruins and many civilians hungry.
Officials say that the church's followers held invalid visas that made their presence illegal.
Officials say that the drinking water remains safe for the general population to drink.
Officials say that the fire was started after a tractor-trailer crashed into a power line.
Officials say that the man was beaten over the head and shot in the leg during the robbery attempt.
Officials say that the reduction of coliform bacteria in the water is due to colder weather.
Officials say that the two incidents are pure coincidence and unrelated to one another.
Officials say that the valve has passed tests changes and it is ready for flight.
Officials say that there are other similarities in each of the crimes.
Officials say that they completed the circle on the third try.
Officials say that was definitely a mistake.
Officials say that while the community is gated with a security guard on duty, it is vulnerable.
Officials say that wild cats are hard to adopt-out.
Officials say that, too, has been a factor in the default decline.
Officials say that's the good news, because they can trace it back to still only one single source.
Officials say that's why creating a nurturing environment for small business owners is important.
Officials say the absence of shoulders makes for unsafe conditions.
Officials say the advanced notice can prove an important warning for inspectors.
Officials say the AFO is one of the most violent and aggressive trafficking groups in Mexico.
Officials say the attack vindicates their decision to order the cull.
Officials say the barn had a lot of antique materials inside of it.
Officials say the blaze started in the chimney flue.
Officials say the boards damage city property.
Officials say the boat sank when people on shore leapt onto the deck to escape a sudden rainstorm.
Officials say the bomb was in front of the building.
Officials say the bottom line has increased with implementation of improved technology.
Officials say the calls are already coming from people worried they've been left off the list.
Officials say the campus has to be just as vigilant on the issue.
Officials say the capitol is safe.
Officials say the carcasses bore no wounds or other signs of trauma.
Officials say the center also has a lengthy history of other violations.
Officials say the change saves a small but significant amount of electricity.
Officials say the children are in state custody due to physical neglect.
Officials say the city is quiet and phone service is beginning to return.
Officials say the companies involved have yet to show evidence of collusion or price-fixing.
Officials say the computer needs to be working when that docking takes place.
Officials say the corridor is a bottleneck that limits electricity distribution.
Officials say the current dry spell is affecting the appearance of the area's foliage.
Officials say the current is pushing the spill south.
Officials say the custom endangers public health, the environment and moral fiber.
Officials say the damage was minor, and confined mainly to the attic and an interior wall.
Officials say the death toll is unlikely to be known with accuracy for months.
Officials say the deaths are unrelated.
Officials say the delay in symptoms was typical of gradual mercury exposure.
Officials say the delay is due to continuing refinement of data in talks with ditches.
Officials say the device is more accurate than a drug-sniffing dog.
Officials say the drug's popularity has spread to several other states.
Officials say the e-coli bacteria was found in random sampling of the meat.
Officials say the effects of racism and poverty are to blame.
Officials say the equipment decreases hardware and software maintenance.
Officials say the estate belonged to a man who once hoped to open an antique car museum.
Officials say the failure was so dramatic the backup system also fried.
Officials say the family got out safely.
Officials say the federally-funded drill went well.
Officials say the final push has begun.
Officials say the fire destroyed nearly forty acres of land.
Officials say the fire started in the attic.
Officials say the fire was contained quickly and no one was hurt.
Officials say the fire was contained to a display shelf by the sprinkler system.
Officials say the free trade agreement is the first step towards establishing a common Arab market.
Officials say the F-type jails meet European standards.
Officials say the gang was born and controlled from inside Texas' prisons.
Officials say the goal is to renovate the labs in the building.
Officials say the group is up to the task.
Officials say the growing community needs more office space.
Officials say the hydraulic system only can be refilled back in the processing hangar.
Officials say the impostor wore scrubs and entered the emergency room with a rescue team.
Officials say the increase is due to rising energy costs.
Officials say the industry is rife with poor marketing and unethical loan practices.
Officials say the Internet's omnipresence in the news has driven interest in getting online.
Officials say the investigation into the other fires continues.
Officials say the investment is worth it from their point of view.
Officials say the message has generated many questions from international students.
Officials say the number has doubled in the past two weeks.
Officials say the number of cases related to such chemical exposure are increasing every year.
Officials say the original offer of sale still stands good.
Officials say the park is in crisis.
Officials say the party started at North Beach, within walking distance of the cliffs.
Officials say the patriotic, family-oriented event is good for the county.
Officials say the phone-in system still allows information to be gathered.
Officials say the plane flew on auto pilot several hours before running out of fuel and crashing.
Officials say the plant IS profitable.
Officials say the policy was announced orally at government meetings.
Officials say the present clubhouse can no longer host the growing needs of the community.
Officials say the prices are being determined by local blood centers.
Officials say the problem has been fixed.
Officials say the problem is entirely one of mischief makers fuelling hysteria.
Officials say the problem of supplying water to some areas is becoming acute.
Officials say the process improves the caiman's survival rate.
Officials say the program meets several of their respective institution's needs.
Officials say the program promotes good health and pollution reduction.
Officials say the project is necessary to repair holes in the pavement.
Officials say the region is now calm.
Officials say the result of a child being forgotten in a car or child care van can be deadly.
Officials say the secrecy encourages full and truthful testimony.
Officials say the seven escaped by overpowering prison workers and a trusty.
Officials say the show generated millions of dollars for the local economy.
Officials say the sick folks are just looking for a handout.
Officials say the single-engine plane skidded off the runway and into nearby woods.
Officials say the situation is starting to improve, but the crisis has left scars.
Officials say the spill appears confined to the accident site.
Officials say the stadium's construction is ahead of schedule.
Officials say the standards are clear for parents, teachers and students.
Officials say the strong economy with good jobs is one of the main drawing points.
Officials say the submarine's engine failed and it sank during a routine exercise.
Officials say the teen tried to put out the fire, but gusting winds fanned the flames.
Officials say the test is a better indicator than other tests of how pupils are performing.
Officials say the threat of violence is greater outside the buildings than inside.
Officials say the three industries have suffered tens of thousands of layoffs.
Officials say the town is lucky that only one life was lost.
Officials say the translucent building is meant to resemble a Chinese lantern.
Officials say the trip came in the lead-up to cabinet deliberations on the Malaysian proposals.
Officials say the triple homicide happened during a party at a house on sand lane in wahneta.
Officials say the two events falling so closely together is pure coincidence.
Officials say the two plants have space to double capacity.
Officials say the unit also serves as a deterrent.
Officials say the use of Ecstasy statewide is rising at an alarming rate.
Officials say the virus in that system has been contained.
Officials say the water is coming from private connections to the sewage system.
Officials say the websites are difficult to track.
Officials say the women's basketball team is unscathed by lawsuits.
Officials say the work is being hampered by a lack of basic equipment.
Officials say their chances of finding more survivors from the earthquake are near zero.
Officials say their first priority is to free the hostages before they can destroy the gunmen.
Officials say their function is to prevent oil spills by helping tankers through the Sound.
Officials say their hands are tied.
Officials say their hoping to see sell outs around the clock.
Officials say their school has having one good fortune after another.
Officials say their uncorroborated evidence is shocking.
Officials say there are fewer pilgrims than in previous Easters because of the uprising.
Officials say there are more requests for money than there is funding.
Officials say there are now signs the floodwaters are starting to recede.
Officials say there are solutions for polluted sand, however.
Officials say there are some down power lines as a result of the accident.
Officials say there are still high levels of the parasite cyrptosporidium.
Officials say there are still plenty of good seats available throughout the arena.
Officials say there have been a few minor problems but nothing out of the ordinary.
Officials say there is a positive side to the hacking attack.
Officials say there is an unoccupied building on the target property.
Officials say there is more demand among young people for soccer.
Officials say there is no cause for alarm.
Officials say there is no evidence but promise studies.
Officials say there is no hazard to the public.
Officials say there is no typical child porn peddler.
Officials say there was a fight.
Officials say there was never any danger to the public.
Officials say there's only so much they can do to stop it.
Officials say they all comply fully with campus fire regulations.
Officials say they are also talking to other lenders.
Officials say they are apparently buried beneath silt or crash debris.
Officials say they are careful to evaluate the long-term effects of any given program.
Officials say they are confident the fumes are no longer in the building.
Officials say they are hoping for a break in the weather.
Officials say they are implementing a strategy to confront the problem.
Officials say they are just trying to protect the auditors from legal action and other reprisals.
Officials say they are looking at alternative sites as well.
Officials say they are mystified as to how the disease occurred.
Officials say they are the latest exotic pet to come into vogue.
Officials say they are unlikely to be in desperate straits.
Officials say they are using the same criteria to ban Web sites.
Officials say they are verifying the findings.
Officials say they are working harder to keep up with fashion changes.
Officials say they believe the fire started in a downstairs bedroom.
Officials say they believe the girls to be in foreign lands.
Officials say they can now predict when specific stream basins are at serious risk.
Officials say they decided to rebuild out of a sense of duty to the community.
Officials say they entered the house in the capital, Manila, after obtaining a search warrant.
Officials say they expect applications to be made available in two weeks.
Officials say they expect the death toll to rise.
Officials say they expect to have the mess cleaned in a few days, at a cost of thousands of dollars.
Officials say they experienced no problems.
Officials say they found it in some cows imported from Britain to a farm in northwest France.
Officials say they had no choice since state law mandates that the election be held that way.
Officials say they have a handle on several other, much smaller fires in the state.
Officials say they have better data now.
Officials say they have little choice but to continue adhering to that plan.
Officials say they have no authority to remove liberals.
Officials say they have no motive for the slayings.
Officials say they have worked hard to try to avoid any cultural biases.
Officials say they have worked to achieve that look.
Officials say they hope to announce further recoveries soon.
Officials say they hope to continue making a profit on the courses.
Officials say they hope to turn managed care cost savings into a medical education funding source.
Officials say they know very little about the new disease.
Officials say they learned valuable lessons from that disaster.
Officials say they lose money on every carriage they run.
Officials say they made the move to ward off a recession in a faltering economy.
Officials say they maintain stringent control of imported meat.
Officials say they plan as few as one PSLV launch a year.
Officials say they plan to do that soon.
Officials say they plan to enforce the new speed limit with increased patrols.
Officials say they see no end to the bloodshed in the short term.
Officials say they stopped lending the equipment years ago because people failed to return it.
Officials say they violate a city code for the historic area.
Officials say they want council districts that are fair.
Officials say they want to take steps to see if future cases can be prevented.
Officials say they'd be better served by a joint school in their area.
Officials say they'll continue their search for the missing woman.
Officials say they'll move as quickly as they can to connect the trails.
Officials say they'll move quickly when they have to and take their time when there's less urgency.
Officials say they're allowing the shows to give fans a chance to see a renowned performer.
Officials say they're concerned about slick roads.
Officials say they're confident they can make it turn a profit.
Officials say they're constantly struggling to keep up.
Officials say they're deliberately specializing in that industry.
Officials say they're doing jobs, have gotten friendlier.
Officials say they're in place just in time for the rush of holiday traffic.
Officials say they're monitoring the air for contamination and have found nothing unusual.
Officials say they're more aggressively testing on athletes.
Officials say they're now looking for ways to fund the library and parks.
Officials say they're ready to sell parcels to the right businesses.
Officials say they're seeing more fires, and more destruction, than usual.
Officials say they're thinking about appealing.
Officials say they've achieved some success.
Officials say they've known for years that the renovation work needed to be done.
Officials say they've won plenty of safeguards.
Officials say thousands have died in the deluge.
Officials say tractor-trailers have slid into ditches and are blocking some roads.
Officials say travelers can be surprised by weather, dirt roads.
Officials say two more people believed to be linked with the group remain at large outside Jordan.
Officials say various buyers wanted only the land and have torn down the buildings or plan to do so.
Officials say voting was orderly but slow.
Officials say water sensors worked properly and blamed unspecified network errors for the outage.
Officials say welding work was in progress when sparks ignited nearby packing materials.
Officials say young children can ignite the lighters, presenting a fire and burn hazard.
Officials say, however, that some material was 'locked' even to the crew.
Officials say, however, the cost is more than a dollar amount.
Officials says blood stocks remain adequate for the moment.
Officials scale back the scope of the plan to suit the available funds.
Officials scurry back and forth making last-minute system checks.
Officials search for answers .
Officials search for solutions.
Officials secretly partner up with merchants.
Officials see a use for the system to combat cold weather and high altitude stress, for instance.
Officials see credentials of corporate applicants.
Officials see doctors.
Officials see it as a huge opportunity to get rich.
Officials see it as basic skills needed to function after high school.
Officials see the UK becoming one of the world's leading knowledge economies.
Officials see two major benefits with a local detention center.
Officials seek another downtown site that can accommodate the growth.
Officials seek criminal warrants even if the alleged perpetrator is receiving mental health care.
Officials seek permission for donation from the family.
Officials seem to have stopped contradicting one another.
Officials seem to understand how important it is for people to get back.
Officials seem uncertain why the tax receipts have slipped.
Officials seem unsure whether they can determine which officers made which stops.
Officials serve a two year term.
Officials set regulations on the establishment and management of child-care institutions.
Officials show concern.
Officials show great interest.
Officials show interest.
Officials sign an interim ceasefire agreement.
Officials smile modestly.
Officials speak of their disappointment and frustration.
Officials speculate that whoever did it used a large pipe wrench.
Officials speculate the lead came from leaded gasoline or lead in batteries.
Officials stay in close contact with the community and take a pro-active stance on local crime.
Officials still are undecided on how to deal with issue.
Officials still believe it was accidental, but want to be sure.
Officials still maintain that the fire was set by the compound's occupants.
Officials stress that college is an investment worth making.
Officials stress that such incidents are extremely rare.
Officials stress that the AWEs are only experiments.
Officials stress that they have reached no conclusions.
Officials stress that travelers who partake in normal activities have nothing to worry about.
Officials strongly believe they're also the first medal-sharing spouses ever in the Games.
Officials struggle to maintain calm and prevent panic.
Officials study several nursing home proposals.
Officials study statistics and come up with scientific and psychological answers.
Officials studying the problem say it is quickly reaching the breaking point.
Officials suggest attendees car pool for easier parking.
Officials suggest calling one day in advance.
Officials suggest that before venturing outside, people coat themselves with mosquito repellent.
Officials suggest visitors dress warmly and bring blankets and chairs.
Officials suspect a drug overdose.
Officials suspect a water leak caused the problem.
Officials suspect disease is to blame.
Officials suspect hydrogen gas has been trapped beneath the crust.
Officials suspect it entered the system while an employee accessed an outside e-mail account.
Officials suspect Marxist guerrillas triggered that blast.
Officials suspect that commercial sexual exploitation of children is escalating for several reasons.
Officials suspect that private collectors paid for the heist.
Officials suspect that the method of food preparation was a factor in the outbreak.
Officials suspect that the two shared a water bottle at a school picnic last month.
Officials suspect the cause of the fire was a burning tree brought into the landfill.
Officials suspect the same person or persons was responsible for both deaths.
Officials suspect the truck's brakes caused the fire.
Officials suspect the two shared a water bottle at a school picnic last month.
Officials suspect the two shared a water bottle at a school picnic.
Officials suspect traffickers use the river as an alternate transportation route.
Officials take color pictures of the baby and the parents choose which one to post on the site.
Officials take into account environmental responsibilities when building new weapon systems.
Officials talk about gradually expanding the pro-Russian area.
Officials talk about our state's budget crisis.
Officials talk about the tornadoes in Oklahoma.
Officials talk to the crew about practice time.
Officials tell how only three years ago, rice had to be imported.
Officials tempted by a chance to reduce traffic jams are hopeful.
Officials tend to wax overly poetic.
Officials test the homes for safety hazards such as asbestos.
Officials then base funding on either estimate.
Officials then conduct additional reviews every six months.
Officials then make practical decisions about who can cross their borders.
Officials then rank the applicants at each of the three examination schools.
Officials there contend landmark ordinances unfairly restrict property owners' rights.
Officials there credit the program with last year's decreases in murder, rape and robbery.
Officials there decline to talk about pricing models.
Officials there expect more to come in the days ahead.
Officials there have to decide whether any alleged mis-management affected children's results.
Officials there hope the worst is over.
Officials there insist the economy is fundamentally strong.
Officials there insist they are merely protecting legitimate state secrets.
Officials there say it was hungry and thirsty, but otherwise in good condition.
Officials there say resource sharing offers benefits for large and small colleges.
Officials there say that steps have been taken to resolve the problem.
Officials there say the deal is collapsing.
Officials there say they are optimistic about the homegrown product.
Officials there say they'll begin notifying employees next week.
Officials there say they're upset about the potential for increase air traffic in the region.
Officials there see few gray clouds for the economy.
Officials there stress they are more interested in going after violent criminals.
Officials think a deal is at hand to curb the sale of ballistic technology.
Officials think the blaze started in the living room of an apartment.
Officials think the shootings occurred after an argument between the mother and son.
Officials tip their hats to the ocean.
Officials to attend annual train workshops.
Officials to attend annual workshops.
Officials to attend association meetings.
Officials to attend meetings.
Officials to attend monthly association meetings.
Officials to attend monthly meetings.
Officials to attend train workshops.
Officials to attend workshops.
Officials to perform duties.
Officials typically ignore brothels and sex clubs, and government bribery is common.
Officials understand patterns.
Officials unite on tobacco issue.
Officials urge American travelers to book tour guides through their hotels or travel agents.
Officials urge motorists to find other routes through the city.
Officials urge patience by retirees.
Officials urge people to get rid of stagnant pools of water where mosquitoes can breed.
Officials use donor figures in writing grant applications for national foundations.
Officials use intimidation to control program participants.
Officials use letters as one way to measure public opinion in their district.
Officials use the top three times to compute the team time.
Officials visit countries.
Officials vote for open access concept.
Officials warn against eating fish oils and fats, where the poison seems to linger.
Officials warn country of drug responsible for Kentucky deaths .
Officials warn of looming disaster.
Officials warn residents to clean and disinfect all personal items that got wet.
Officials watch the geometric formations carefully, ready to blow the whistle on illegal defenses.
Officials wielding smart tools untangle local traffic snarls.
Officials win games.
Officials work with a host of different performance measurements.
Officials work with city leaders to ensure the school superintendent repairs crumbling buildings.
Officials working on the project say it is important that children begin reading at an early age.
Officials worry that another explosion is possible.
Officials worry, however.
Officials wrestle with racial incidents.
Officials always try to avoid criticism from media, other officials, or opposing interest groups.
Officials frequently round up travellers and demand for documentation or to check their luggage.
Officials often blame poverty for the recent increase in mushroom deaths.
Officials often have the right to make exceptions to the rules if they feel the approach is safe.
Officials often lose when judges strictly scrutinize their actions.
Officials often state that helmet laws reduce accidents.
Officials sometimes take the rice without paying.
Officials usually allow more contact and more physical play around the basket in the playoffs.
Officials usually hedge against any perceived decrease by staffing as sparsely as possible.
Officials usually know how to price natural resources.
Officials usually make proclamations.
Officials usually receive a free entry plus are paid at local tournaments.
Officials usually see real people only when they show up to complain.
All officials are sensitive to the editorial pages of their local newspapers.
All officials are to be payed the same amount in soccer.
All officials are to conduct random checks during the game.
All officials are welcome to apply.
All officials check track for debris.
All officials have an equal vote and voice in township board affairs.
All officials have available and use the necessary computer equipment.
All officials serve four-year terms.
Every official is a part of the government.
Every official seems indifferent to the situation.
Many officials accept that moderate malnutrition is now widespread across Indonesia.
Many officials agree.
Many officials are in fact reluctant to make major decisions.
Many officials are upset.
Many officials attempt to recoup more than costs.
Many officials earn thousands of dollars per year officiating in our province.
Many officials have newsletters.
Many officials here believe the international media have overblown the conflicts with China.
Many officials now wonder if it is worth it.
Many officials probably have little confidence in private firms, especially small ones.
Many officials say they'll welcome replay's return.
Many officials say Western overseers here have been slow to respond to documented improprieties.
Many officials see touch screens as the best long-range solution.
Many officials try to recoup more than costs.
Many officials understand what needs doing.
More officials arrive to confer.
Most officials are assigned to services.
Most officials begin breaks.
Most officials begin experiments.
Most officials begin spring breaks.
Most officials believe the program resides safely within a gray area.
Most officials carry out duties.
Most officials change minds.
Most officials coordinate health services.
Most officials coordinate services.
Most officials determine methods.
Most officials determine operations.
Most officials discuss results.
Most officials dismiss ideas.
Most officials do believe, however, that the public needs to be informed of what's going on.
Most officials do jobs.
Most officials document incidents.
Most officials emphasize constituent contact because it helps direct their voting behavior.
Most officials estimate numbers.
Most officials express confidence.
Most officials follow environmental laws.
Most officials follow laws.
Most officials have educational requirements.
Most officials have interest.
Most officials have requirements.
Most officials have rights.
Most officials have situations.
Most officials have specific educational requirements.
Most officials have specific requirements.
Most officials hold conferences.
Most officials hold news conferences.
Most officials identify people.
Most officials investigate suicide.
Most officials involve in effort.
Most officials kill swans.
Most officials link it to a smuggling case the investigator was working on.
Most officials look around worrying about exits and safety at a volatile game.
Most officials make decisions.
Most officials make initial decisions.
Most officials make poor decisions.
Most officials make rules.
Most officials monitor activities.
Most officials offer resources.
Most officials pick up on the scoring fundamentals in one or two tournaments.
Most officials prefer to wear national dress.
Most officials receive calls.
Most officials receive criticism.
Most officials release statements.
Most officials rely on judgment.
Most officials report cases.
Most officials request assistance.
Most officials request technical assistance.
Most officials require information.
Most officials say a median price is the best indication of a housing market.
Most officials say in statements.
Most officials say they believe the seven escapees have remained together.
Most officials search for solutions.
Most officials see doctors.
Most officials show concern.
Most officials show great interest.
Most officials show interest.
Most officials start at the youth and recreational program level.
Most officials strive to improve themselves.
Most officials take our current methods of protecting secrets for granted.
Most officials understand patterns.
Most officials visit countries.
Some officials acknowledge problems.
Some officials admit that the ordinances are hard to enforce but are useful as a threat.
Some officials allegedly are sympathetic to the other party.
Some officials already say they hope to take advantage of the new rule.
Some officials announce death.
Some officials appoint men.
Some officials are less than enthusiastic about the limitations of the grant.
Some officials are reluctant to admit their lack of knowledge and, as a result, never learn.
Some officials are water misers, using less than the city average.
Some officials attribute the decline in population to other factors within the community.
Some officials believe that the mission in Belgrade amounts to a last chance for diplomacy.
Some officials censor our mail and E-mail.
Some officials choose the route of minimal oversight.
Some officials claim the government is close to eradicating the movement it regards as a cult.
Some officials close piers.
Some officials confirm death.
Some officials confirm teenagers.
Some officials contend the breakup is unlikely to affect nursing jobs.
Some officials deal with animals.
Some officials deny that the problem is so serious.
Some officials describe discoveries.
Some officials describe events.
Some officials determine outbreaks.
Some officials develop intimidating characteristics.
Some officials didn t agree with that statement.
Some officials disagree.
Some officials dispute the findings.
Some officials enforce prohibition, while others cooperate with pot growers and distributors.
Some officials even ask for bribery.
Some officials explain tourism.
Some officials express concern.
Some officials face conditions.
Some officials fear retaining too many records rather than too few.
Some officials find books.
Some officials focus on sanctuaries.
Some officials gain knowledge.
Some officials give approval.
Some officials give details.
Some officials give more details.
Some officials have concern.
Some officials have no choice but to cease the delivery of certain services.
Some officials have to keep three computers on their desk so they can use all the systems.
Some officials have trouble.
Some officials help specimens.
Some officials hold captives.
Some officials identify farms.
Some officials identify victims.
Some officials investigate death.
Some officials kill animals.
Some officials kill gorillas.
Some officials know crime.
Some officials lament the lack of international support.
Some officials learn from elders.
Some officials make laws.
Some officials make splits.
Some officials now feel it's time to face the heat and take action.
Some officials observe behaviour.
Some officials prepare for potential wildfires.
Some officials prepare for wildfires.
Some officials provide functions.
Some officials rape women.
Some officials refuse services.
Some officials reject rules.
Some officials remain cautiously optimistic about the possibilities of Egypt winning the bid.
Some officials report patients.
Some officials report presence.
Some officials ride horses.
Some officials say alcohol is the main problem on every college campus in the country.
Some officials say Internet-based schooling marks an exciting transition to new models of learning.
Some officials seize animals.
Some officials serve as guests.
Some officials take comfort from the area's natural defenses.
Some officials think the court sidestepped the issue.
Some officials try to justify or downplay Japan's responsibility in past history.
Some officials use the laws mentioned above as their only standard for citizen involvement.
Some officials work their entire careers and never get the big game.
Some officials worry that too many people are building homes farther out in the woods.
Officials statistics go by the survey they do when they visit areas affected.
An officiant is a clergyman
Officiants are clergymans.
Officiants usually receive a fee similar to ministers.
Many officiants have a list of what music is acceptable for all parts of the ceremony.
Some officiants are relatively inflexible.
Some officiants give long, boring sermons.
Offline popularity is no guarantee of E-donations.
Offline publicity follows too, usually by word of mouth and small press releases.
An offprint is an article
Offprints are articles.
Offprints are available on request.
Offprints are available.
Offprints are no longer available.
Offprints are still available upon request.
Offprints are strictly for use in the Library only.
Offset lithography is lithography
Offset lithography is purely a mechanical process.
Offset print is available for large quantity runs at an additional cost.
Offset printing is a writing
Offset printings can take several days to a week.
Offset reproduction is considerably less expensive, with rates determined by the quantity produced.
Offset value compensates internal systematic error and voltage reference error.
Offset values are relative to the text that is shadowed.
Offset weaves are a good practice drill.
An offset is a structure
Offset are in the current coordinate system and units.
Offset isa payment.
Offsets also lead to the loss of U.S. jobs.
Offsets are always related to the start of the specified protocol header.
Offsets are field numbers within a row, beginning at zero.
Offsets are frequently poor performers and also crowd out adjacent plants.
Offsets are from the start of the active input area.
Offsets are new bulbs that grow attached to the mother bulb.
Offsets are new plants which emerge from the base of the plant or from the roots themselves.
Offsets are printing.
Offsets are programmable.
Offsets are relative to .
Offsets are relative to the all-ones state.
Offsets are sections found at the base of the plant.
Offsets are temperature dependent.
Offsets are to be given in meters.
Offsets are two lines.
Offsets can be directly or indirectly related to the goods purchased by foreign countries.
Offsets can be one or two-sided, interactive or specified, with sharp corners if desired.
Offsets can greatly increase computation time, use with care.
Offsets come from reducing crop insurance agent's commissions.
Offsets come in two forms.
Offsets form on varying time frames specific to the plant and growing conditions.
Offsets increase in hosta following benzyladenine application.
Offsets look like smaller versions of the adult plant.
Offsets preserves the characteristics of each cultivar.
Offsets provide a purchasing country with subcontracts or buy-backs as part of a weapons sale.
Offsets range from approximately minus half a day to plus half a day.
Offsets start the count of the first member at zero, just like C array indexing.
Offsets typically occur at ground level next to the main stem.
All offsets are positive.
Any offset can induce prism, actually changing the apparent power of the lens.
Any offset rims.
An offshoot is an effect
Offshoot isa consequence.
Offshoot isa effect.
Offshoot isa result.
Offshoots are recognised by their curved form while seedlings have a straight form.
Offshoots create structures.
Offshoots have the same genetic characteristics as the parent palm.
Most offshoots create structures.
Some offshoots develop over weeks.
Some offshoots have different shape leaves.
Some offshoots have shape leaves.
Some offshoots have tiny leaves.
Some offshoots produce crops.
Offshore accounts are no longer just for the financial elite.
Offshore accounts are taxable for U.S. citizens.
Most offshore accounts are acceptable.
Most offshore accounts have a minimum opening balance, and some have a minimum operating balance.
Offshore banks allow higher chargeback tolerance.
Offshore banks are the main banks in UK .
Offshore banks are the main banks.
Offshore banks benefit from international knowledge and experience.
Many offshore boats have provisions for a trysail.
Offshore breezes produce motion.
Offshore breezes produce upward motion.
Most offshore breezes produce motion.
Most offshore breezes produce upward motion.
Offshore business is very suitable also.
Some offshore catches are grouper, snapper, cobia, permit, king mackerel, shark and barracuda.
Many offshore cays provide secluded beaches.
Offshore clients are essentially cross-border.
All offshore clients receive confidentiality in their affairs to protect their business strategies.
Offshore deposits are often rich, but risky to harvest with water platforms.
Some offshore dolphins are residents around oceanic islands.
Offshore entities can protect retirement funds from possible bankruptcy or other legal conflicts.
Offshore exploration is a major issue in British Columbia.
Many offshore fires start because personnel overlook common, everyday fire hazards.
Offshore fishermen can use it as a safety feature.
Offshore fishermen seek bonito, ling, marlin, snapper, dolphin, king mackerel, warsaw and sailfish.
Offshore fishing continues but slows in the late fall.
Offshore fishing is about to take off.
Offshore fishing is good in winter, when catches of large red snapper can be excellent.
Offshore fishing is one explanation.
Offshore fishing is some of the best in the world.
Offshore flow occurs when air moves from land to sea.
Offshore funds are inherently private, a big selling point for global investors.
Offshore hull handles the roughest offshore conditions with an amazingly soft, dry ride.
Offshore installations disposal.
Offshore investments are down and there has been reduced activity in the shipbuilding industry.
Many offshore investments have complicated tax implications.
Offshore islands are numerous.
Offshore islands provide even more seclusion and more beaches and are accessible by day charters.
Offshore jurisdictions have a high density of professional expertise both legally and financially.
Most offshore jurisdictions permit redomicilation.
Offshore lobstermen empty a trap.
Offshore merchant accounts with card processing web gateway software.
Offshore monoliths are part of the scenic appeal of Harris Beach State Park.
Offshore operations generate large amounts of produced water.
Some offshore plants buy some of their fish from the inshore.
Offshore production provides benefits even for states and cities far from the Gulf Coast.
Offshore projects mean immense time and cost savings.
Offshore projects range from single subsea wells to large stand-alone platforms and FPSOs.
Offshore reefs appear to be the most promising areas for establishing reproducing stocks.
Offshore sailing is a unique form of travel.
Many offshore sailors pride themselves on independence and self-sufficiency.
Most offshore sailors are sceptical of sea anchors.
Offshore solutions are also available.
Offshore surveying is a very expensive exercise.
Offshore trading occurs in many markets around the world.
Offshore water provides habitats.
Most offshore water provides habitats.
Offshore wells are very expensive.
Offshore wind refers more generally to any wind over open water.
Offshore winds are good .
An offside is an error
Some offside remarks.
An offspring is a relative
Offspring adapt to environments.
Offspring appear in litters.
Offspring are a light brown and have white stripes running the length of their backs.
Offspring are born naked and with eyes open.
Offspring are born well-furred and with eyes open.
Offspring are born with claws, which are used to cling onto the mother soon after birth.
Offspring are buff-colored when born, turning black after about six months.
Offspring are completely dependent on adults for the first month of their lives.
Offspring are completely identical.
Offspring are definitely natures' revenge.
Offspring are dependent on their mothers for a period of up to six years.
Offspring are dickheads .
Offspring are dispersed widely to end up in different places from their parents.
Offspring are essentially genetic carbon copies of their parent cells.
Offspring are genetically identical to parent.
Offspring are genetically identical to parents and each other.
Offspring are genetically identical to the parent individual.
Offspring are genetically identical to the parent plant.
Offspring are genetically identical.
Offspring are genetically unique.
Offspring are identical to parent, identical to each other.
Offspring are identical to parents.
Offspring are identical to the parent.
Offspring are identicial.
Offspring are independent by one month of age.
Offspring are most at risk from POPs contamination.
Offspring are neither identical to each other, nor to one another.
Offspring are never exactly like the parents but differ in various physical and mental characters.
Offspring are of low birth weight and litters are relatively light.
Offspring are precocial with open eyes when born.
Offspring are produced by individuals.
Offspring are produced by mothers.
Offspring are produced by parents.
Offspring are produced by same parents.
Offspring are produced when male and female gametes combine.
Offspring are similar in appearance.
Offspring are smaller versions of an adult.
Offspring are the same color as their parent except if a mutation occurs.
Offspring are therefore clones of their parent.
Offspring are usually of intermediate shades.
Offspring are weaned between three and six months of age.
Offspring are weaned by three months and mature by six months.
Offspring are well-developed at birth, and are reared out of a communal den with peers.
Offspring arise as an outgrowth of the parent.
Offspring arise from the union of two separate cells called gametes.
Offspring arise from unfertilized egg.
Offspring assist parents.
Offspring bear to mothers.
Offspring bear to obese mothers.
Offspring become adults.
Offspring become individuals.
Offspring born in smaller clutches are often larger and thus have a higher survival likelihood.
Offspring born to a mother and son, or to siblings, are very rare.
Offspring can be difficult to eat pinky mice.
Offspring can develop rapidly with rich food under care of parent.
Offspring can occur after mating or after artificial insemination .
Offspring carry new combinations of genes, and are therefore unique individuals genetically.
Offspring come from parents.
Offspring come into contact.
Offspring compete for limit resources.
Offspring compete for resources.
Offspring consume diets.
Offspring consume milk.
Offspring consume nutrition.
Offspring contains a combination of genetic material that is advantageous.
Offspring continue to be fed by parents for several weeks after fledging.
Offspring depend on food.
Offspring depend on milk.
Offspring develop diseases.
Offspring develop internal organs.
Offspring develop organs.
Offspring discuss problems.
Offspring display differences.
Offspring does change things.
Offspring drink milk.
Offspring eat diets.
Offspring eat food.
Offspring eat normal diets.
Offspring emerge from fourth and fifth instar larvae and spin numerous white cocoons on their backs.
Offspring enter stages.
Offspring establish own territory.
Offspring establish territory.
Offspring exhibit characteristics.
Offspring exhibit characters.
Offspring exhibit dominant phenotypes.
Offspring exhibit phenotypes.
Offspring find food.
Offspring follow mothers.
Offspring formed due to sexual reproduction have better chances of survival.
Offspring gain more weight.
Offspring gain weight.
Offspring get exactly one half of their genes from a single parent.
Offspring get half of their DNA base pairs from one parent and half from the other.
Offspring go through larval stages.
Offspring go through stages.
Offspring grow into adults.
Offspring grow to adulthood.
Offspring grow to full size.
Offspring grow to size.
Offspring has brown hair and blue eyes.
Offspring has characteristics of one of the parents.
Offspring has two music videos out so far for the new album.
Offspring have (part) arms.
Offspring have (part) body substances.
Offspring have (part) cell membranes.
Offspring have (part) cells.
Offspring have (part) corpi.
Offspring have (part) cytoplasm.
Offspring have (part) heads.
Offspring have (part) human bodies.
Offspring have (part) legs.
Offspring have (part) material bodies.
Offspring have (part) necks.
Offspring have (part) nuclei.
Offspring have (part) personality.
Offspring have (part) plasma membranes.
Offspring have (part) sections.
Offspring have (part) vacuoles.
Offspring have a black face and hands, with ears hidden behind whiskers.
Offspring have a combination of DNA from the two parents.
Offspring have advantage.
Offspring have blind eyes.
Offspring have care.
Offspring have chances.
Offspring have characteristics.
Offspring have dads.
Offspring have DNA identical to the parent organism.
Offspring have eyes.
Offspring have fathers.
Offspring have fur.
Offspring have genetic characteristics.
Offspring have good chances.
Offspring have halter and western pleasure points, etc.
Offspring have health problems.
Offspring have heat tolerance.
Offspring have high milk production.
Offspring have legs.
Offspring have mass.
Offspring have milk production.
Offspring have mortality.
Offspring have no variation from their parent.
Offspring have offspring.
Offspring have opportunity.
Offspring have other avenues by which to right perceived wrongs and broken promises.
Offspring have parents.
Offspring have problems.
Offspring have production.
Offspring have red eyes.
Offspring have similar traits of their parents.
Offspring have single parents.
Offspring have the cleavage patterns their parents had.
Offspring have tolerance.
Offspring have variation.
Offspring have weight.
Offspring have white fur.
Offspring have years.
Offspring help brothers.
Offspring identify mothers.
Offspring include kids.
Offspring inherit certain traits from their parents.
Offspring inherit characteristics.
Offspring inherit characters.
Offspring inherit genetic characteristics.
Offspring inherit the characteristics of their parents, which are controlled by genes.
Offspring inherit the traits of their successful parents.
Offspring inherit types.
Offspring is a paradigm of much of our thinking and philosophies.
Offspring is a substitute, but it somehow seems awkward to use that word, too.
Offspring is born only if both bride and groom are from our race.
Offspring is community property.
Offspring is genetically identical to parent.
Offspring is made by a cell from the male and a cell of the female.
Offspring is made by a sperm fertilising an ovum from the female .
Offspring is made by a sperm fertilising an ovum from the female.
Offspring isa relative.
Offspring learn hunt techniques.
Offspring learn techniques.
Offspring learn to survive because their parents are in charge.
Offspring leave homes.
Offspring leave mothers.
Offspring leave parents.
Offspring live for years.
Offspring live in conditions.
Offspring live in environmental conditions.
Offspring live in same conditions.
Offspring live in same environmental conditions.
Offspring maintain color.
Offspring maintain contact.
Offspring maintain diversity.
Offspring maintain genetic diversity.
Offspring may have chances.
Offspring open eyes.
Offspring participate in activities.
Offspring participate in physical activities.
Offspring pass on to offspring.
Offspring pass on to own offspring.
Offspring possess characteristics.
Offspring possess differences.
Offspring possess particular characteristics.
Offspring possess phenotypic characteristics.
Offspring produced are usually haploid.
Offspring produced sexually are genetically somewhat different from either parent.
Offspring produced through asexual reproduction are genetically identical to their parent organism.
Offspring reach adolescence.
Offspring reach adulthood.
Offspring reach full maturity.
Offspring reach maturity.
Offspring reach reproductive maturity.
Offspring reach sexual maturity in six to eight years.
Offspring reach sexual maturity.
Offspring receive care.
Offspring receive food.
Offspring receive intensive care.
Offspring receive one allele of each pair from each parent.
Offspring receive one half of each pair from each parent.
Offspring receive parental care.
Offspring receive parental supervision.
Offspring receive supervision.
Offspring remain with mothers.
Offspring remain with parents.
Offspring require care.
Offspring require parental care.
Offspring require proteins.
Offspring require the efforts of at least two adults in order to be successful.
Offspring resemble ancestors.
Offspring resemble fathers.
Offspring resemble grandparents.
Offspring resemble parents.
Offspring resemble their ancestors.
Offspring resemble their parents- characteristics are inherited.
Offspring resemble their parents, and share the features of their biology.
Offspring respond to situations.
Offspring respond to stressful situations.
Offspring resulting from annulled relationships are considered legitimate.
Offspring see mothers.
Offspring seems to interpret lyric repetition as the same thing as lyric poignancy.
Offspring share genetic information.
Offspring share genetic materials.
Offspring share information.
Offspring share materials.
Offspring share same genetic information.
Offspring show characteristics.
Offspring show considerable variation.
Offspring show lower values.
Offspring show potential.
Offspring show values.
Offspring show variation.
Offspring spend a certain amount of time developing either inside or outside the mother.
Offspring stay in natal territory.
Offspring stay in territory.
Offspring stay with mothers.
Offspring stay with parents.
Offspring stay with their mothers from one and a half to three years.
Offspring stay with their parents in a social group for years.
Offspring survive to maturity.
Offspring tend to be like parents, but show variation.
Offspring tend to inherit the variations of their parents.
Offspring to assist parents.
Offspring undergo development.
Offspring vary in heritable characteristics of form and behavior.
Offspring weigh ounces.
Offspring will have chances.
Offspring will have chins.
Offspring will have eyes.
Offspring will have percent chances.
Offspring will have smooth chins.
Offsprings are bands.
Offsprings are consequences.
Offsprings are created by copulation.
Offsprings are relatives.
Offspring always have the same coloration as the parents.
All offspring are eligible for registration.
All offspring are females which soon mature and begin to reproduce in the same manner.
All offspring are identical to each other and to the parent.
All offspring are identical to the parent.
All offspring exhibit normal health One out of four offspring .
Any offspring are infertile.
Any offspring are the property of China.
Every offspring has a number of genetic differences when compared to their parents.
Many offspring remain with their parents to form extended families.
More offspring are born into a population that can survive.
More offspring are produced than can possibly survive.
More offspring are produced than finite resources can support.
More offspring are produced than the environment can support.
More offspring are produced, resulting in more chances for an individual's genes to be passed on.
Most offspring are produced by individuals.
Most offspring are produced by mothers.
Most offspring are produced by parents.
Most offspring are produced by same parents.
Most offspring become adults.
Most offspring become individuals.
Most offspring come from parents.
Most offspring come into contact.
Most offspring compete for limit resources.
Most offspring depend on milk.
Most offspring develop diseases.
Most offspring develop internal organs.
Most offspring develop organs.
Most offspring die before birth.
Most offspring eat food.
Most offspring eat normal diets.
Most offspring enter stages.
Most offspring establish own territory.
Most offspring gain more weight.
Most offspring go through larval stages.
Most offspring go through stages.
Most offspring grow into adults.
Most offspring grow to adulthood.
Most offspring grow to full size.
Most offspring grow to size.
Most offspring have advantage.
Most offspring have blind eyes.
Most offspring have care.
Most offspring have chances.
Most offspring have characteristics.
Most offspring have dads.
Most offspring have eyes.
Most offspring have fathers.
Most offspring have fur.
Most offspring have genetic characteristics.
Most offspring have good chances.
Most offspring have health problems.
Most offspring have heat tolerance.
Most offspring have high milk production.
Most offspring have legs.
Most offspring have mass.
Most offspring have milk production.
Most offspring have mortality.
Most offspring have offspring.
Most offspring have opportunity.
Most offspring have parents.
Most offspring have problems.
Most offspring have production.
Most offspring have red eyes.
Most offspring have single parents.
Most offspring have tolerance.
Most offspring have variation.
Most offspring have weight.
Most offspring have white fur.
Most offspring have years.
Most offspring identify mothers.
Most offspring learn hunt techniques.
Most offspring learn techniques.
Most offspring leave mothers.
Most offspring leave parents.
Most offspring live in conditions.
Most offspring maintain genetic diversity.
Most offspring reach full maturity.
Most offspring reach reproductive maturity.
Most offspring reach sexual maturity.
Most offspring receive intensive care.
Most offspring receive parental care.
Most offspring receive parental supervision.
Most offspring remain near their natal sites for many months after fledging .
Most offspring remain with mothers.
Most offspring remain with parents.
Most offspring require parental care.
Most offspring see mothers.
Most offspring show considerable variation.
Most offspring show lower values.
Most offspring survive to maturity.
Some offspring adopt cultural values.
Some offspring adopt values.
Some offspring are produced by two parents, and others are produced by just one parent.
Some offspring are the result of pairings between captive and wild-born animals.
Some offspring carry genetic defects.
Some offspring carry genetic factors.
Some offspring carry life cycle strategies.
Some offspring contain genetic materials.
Some offspring contain materials.
Some offspring contain same genetic materials.
Some offspring die in infancies.
Some offspring die without descendants of their own.
Some offspring grow plants.
Some offspring have ability.
Some offspring have ages.
Some offspring have backs.
Some offspring have beaks.
Some offspring have copies.
Some offspring have disorder.
Some offspring have exact makeup.
Some offspring have exact same genetic makeup.
Some offspring have genetic makeup.
Some offspring have intermediate phenotypes.
Some offspring have jaws.
Some offspring have makeup.
Some offspring have meerkats.
Some offspring have metabolic disorder.
Some offspring have milk.
Some offspring have mutation.
Some offspring have phenotypes.
Some offspring have resistance.
Some offspring have size.
Some offspring have toothless jaws.
Some offspring leave families.
Some offspring leave natal territory.
Some offspring leave territory.
Some offspring look like mamas.
Some offspring look like woodlouses.
Some offspring produce monarchs.
Some offspring produce offspring.
Some offspring produce yellow flowers.
Some offspring represent distribution.
Some offspring represent length distribution.
Some offspring represent stable distribution.
Some offspring require energy.
Some offspring show genetic predisposition.
Some offspring stay at homes.
Some offspring survive to adulthood.
Some offspring take care.
Ofsted inspectors are part of teams operated by private contractors.
Ofsted inspectors say that some of the worst attenders in some schools are also the weakest readers.
Oft expectation fails, and most oft there Where most it promises.
Some ofthe boys are out preping anything that looks like it is good to eat.
Much ofthe discussion can take place electronically.
All ofthe documents are inside non-glare sheet protectors.
Some ofthe exercises make excellent group projects.
All ofthe halls have computer labs, internet connections in each room, andcable access.
Some ofthe names are illegible.
Some ofthe pages are still together from printing.
Some ofthe word editing software is awkward to use.
Some oftheir work is shown on the following pages.
Many ofthese babies die.
Most ofthese sites are well organized and very thorough.
Ogadin families are large in number.
Ogden header goes over the bar for a goal kick.
Ogden store needs individuals for multi tasks.
Ogden isa thing.
Ogg projects are about research, source code and education.
Ogiek.org publications are free.
An ogive is a front
Ogives are arc-shaped features occasionally found across the glacier surface below icefalls.
Oglesby soils are on nearly level or gently sloping uplands.
Ogoni land is a wasteland today.
An ogre is a giant
Ogre is a disciplinarian.
Ogre is the preferred program over icam now.
Ogre isa individual.
Ogre isa person.
Ogre isa somebody.
Ogre isa someone.
Ogre Look no further.
Ogre says, laughing.
Ogre seem to have that effect on people.
Ogre sounds great, clean production, easy to listen to.
Ogres are better pure fighters, but they are just two big.
Ogres are big, ugly, greedy humanoids that live by ambushes, raids and theft.
Ogres are big, ugly, greedy humanoids that live by ambushes, raids, and theft.
Ogres are giants.
Ogres are gross, ugly humanoids who love to fight and kill.
Ogres are incredibly strong but incredibly dim-witted.
Ogres are stronger than all other races.
Ogres can invade the gate square of an enemy castle.
Ogres continually raid into the community, and provide the conflict.
Ogres do it with stone clubs.
Ogres favor overwhelming odds, sneak attacks, and ambushes over a fair fight.
Ogres have (part) arms.
Ogres have (part) body substances.
Ogres have (part) cell membranes.
Ogres have (part) cells.
Ogres have (part) corpi.
Ogres have (part) cytoplasm.
Ogres have (part) heads.
Ogres have (part) human bodies.
Ogres have (part) legs.
Ogres have (part) material bodies.
Ogres have (part) necks.
Ogres have (part) nuclei.
Ogres have (part) personality.
Ogres have (part) plasma membranes.
Ogres have (part) sections.
Ogres have (part) vacuoles.
Ogres have infravision but they have the worst racial tension with the world.
Ogres have long, greasy hair of blackish-blue to dull dark green.
Ogres have many as the same hairstyles as orcs and can grow hair on the chin and upper lip.
Ogres have the power to regenerate.
Ogres include features.
Ogres live in dark castles.
Ogres live in ogre mounds .
Ogres make good fights.
Ogres make no crafts nor labor.
Ogres parade the streets in smart uniform.
Ogres see combat for the first time in the Battle of Montreal.
Ogres tend to be the more custom army.
Ogres tend to consume their girls headfirst.
Ogres test unfamiliar groups to determine their power and possible intentions.
Ogres weigh pounds.
Ogres frequently feature in mythology , folklore , and fiction throughout the world.
All Ogres have radios, lasercoms, and external speakers.
Most ogres weigh pounds.
Some Ogres are self-aware.
Some ogres have heads.
Some ogres have skills.
Some ogres own clubs.
Some ogres show growth patterns.
Some ogres show patterns.
O'Hare airport is a half-hour away.
O'Hare airport is named for a World War II hero.
OHCI cards are relatively inexpensive.
Oher entries cover psychology, weapons and computers.
Ohio is part of America.
Ohio isa thing.
OhioLINK audiovisuals circulate for one week.
OhioLINK books circulate for three weeks.
OhioLINK books have one renewal for an additional three weeks.
OhioLINK borrowing is for books only.
OhioLINK charges are standard throughout the state.
Many OhioLINK libraries have state and federal documents.
Ohlone school runs year-round.
An ohm is an emu
Ohm is a full-service electrical and mechanical engineering corporation.
Ohm is an incumbent.
Ohm is the unit measure for electrical resistance.
Ohm is the unit used to measure resistance to the passage of an electric current.
Ohm isa emu.
Ohm makes no warranty whatsoever with respect to speaker cabinets.
Ohm starts by describing a unit of resistance that is defined by current and voltage.
Ohms are measurements.
Ohms are rivers.
Ohms are units of measurement.
Ohmic contacts are all non-alloyed.
Ohmic heating can enhance food quality by limiting heat damage to the sauce and food particles.
Ohmic heating has the advantage to heat materials rapidly and uniformly.
Ohmic heating is an efficient way of processing foods containing large solid particulates.
Ohmmeters are connected across the resistance being measured.
Ohmmeters use a nonlinear scale.
OID access is much faster than table joins.
OID extension contains country, zip, date of birth, and gender.
OID staff is always available to assist independent inventors with specific patent questions.
OIHM operations are largely dependent upon the assistance of volunteers.
Oil additives perform a number of important functions.
Oil analysis allows owners to track an engine's health before anything expensive goes wrong.
Oil analysis consists of various tests performed on each sample of oil returned to the laboratory.
Oil analysis indicates to the operator when additives are needed.
Oil analysis is a means of monitoring wear and oil contamination.
Oil analysis is performed onsite using a desktop analyzer for quick and accurate results.
Oil analysis is the best way to check frequency of oil changes needed.
Oil analysis makes it possible to literally look inside an engine, transmission or hydraulic system.
Oil analysis reports available online.
Oil base paints, called alkyd paints, are durable and scrubbable.
Oil base takes longer to dry and odour can be bothersome.
Oil bodies are structures in a liverwort's leaves.
Oil bodies occur in some cells in the leaves.
An oil burner is a furnace
Oil burners are complex systems consisting of solenoid valves, motors, electrodes, and pumps.
Oil burners are furnaces.
Oil Burners Look out the window and count the cars and trucks that pass by in a half-hour period.
All oil burners have the same basic design.
Most oil burners run for years with few problems.
Oil business is an industry
Oil business is big business.
An oil cake is feed
Oil cake is a good fodder for cattle.
Oil cans range from the plain, common, and inexpensive to the gorgeous, rare, and expensive.
Some oil cans have effects.
Oil change is car care
Oil change is handling.
Oil change is maintenance.
Oil changes are a little messy.
Oil changes are a significant environmental problem.
Oil changes are both good and bad.
Oil changes are good too.
Oil changes are quick, clean, and safe.
Oil changes belong to the past.
Many oil changes are cheaper than a new engine as an example.
An oil company is a company
Oil companies admit they have to rack their brains for projects to be unveiled by the dignitary.
Oil companies agree to label their products with the appropriate API standard.
Oil companies are business.
Oil companies are companies.
Oil companies are facilities.
Oil companies are in the business for profits.
Oil companies are on the way to obtaining rights to drill on Alaska's coastal plain.
Oil companies are opposed, but engine manufacturers and the trucking industry approve.
Oil companies are under fire for charging some dealers more than others for the gas they sell.
Oil companies are vendors.
Oil companies are very pleased that geologists can predict where to drill for oil.
Oil companies are within a similar range.
Oil companies buy geological and maritime maps.
Oil companies can raise the price of fuel.
Oil companies claim they observe all prescribed safety measures.
Oil companies do have a legitimate, partial explanation.
Oil Companies enjoy record profits.
Oil companies favor drilling in the refuge while environmentalists want it untouched.
Oil companies favor drilling in the refuge while environmentalists want to preserve it untouched.
Oil companies favor drilling in the refuge while environmentalists want to preserve it.
Oil companies favor drilling in the refuge, and environmentalists want to preserve it untouched.
Oil companies favor drilling in the refuge, while environmentalists want to preserve it untouched.
Oil companies give money to people to facilitate interests.
Oil companies have a good story to tell.
Oil companies have in the past deployed management staff to fill in for striking union members.
Oil companies have the right to be profitable in their gasoline prices.
Oil companies hire some station managers as sales representatives or district managers.
Oil companies like to separate the different parts of their business.
Oil companies make money in Angola and Nigeria although both countries are extremely unstable.
Oil companies moving into solar energy is an example.
Oil companies offer up a product that fills the air with carcinogenic particles and noxious gases.
Oil companies oppose plan.
Oil companies pay royalties based upon the value of the oil they have extracted.
Oil companies pay virtually nothing for the pollution caused by their products.
Oil companies promote tribal clashes.
Oil companies protect their pipelines from corrosion by installing magnesium anodes.
Oil companies push premium gas because it's massively profitable.
Oil companies realize that oil reserves are limited.
Oil Companies Require a security deposit from renters.
Oil companies say a combination of factors have driven up gasoline prices.
Oil companies say new technology leaves little imprint on the fragile tundra.
Oil companies say oil is best.
Oil companies say that it is progress to exploit oil.
Oil companies see rigs to reefs as a way to reduce abandonment costs.
Oil companies spend billions of dollars searching for new oil fields.
Oil companies swap base gasoline all the time.
Oil companies use a method of deforestation to utilize palm oil.
Oil companies use high pressure nitrogen to help force crude oil to the surface.
Oil companies use hot water to extract crude oil from the ground.
Oil companies use it to reline fire box in furnaces.
Oil companies use such fossils as a clue to where to find oil.
Oil companies use supercomputers to analyze satellite and geographical data.
Oil companies watch one another jealously.
Oil company extortionists obviously are aware of the mass migration, and reacted predictably.
Many oil companies are under the gun from shareholders to cut costs to improve profits.
Many oil companies face potential problems as the world withdraws from petroleum.
Most oil companies plow a third of their oil revenues back into capital.
Most oil companies refuse to divulge how much crude oil they have in storage.
Oil consumption is a modest nine ozs.
Oil consumption is relatively low, reflecting the small transport sector.
Oil consumption is up.
Oil cooler improves heat balance without increasing fan speed, keeping the noise level down.
Oil cooling is used to control temperatures in the side frames.
Oil corporations operate in regions.
Oil Creek flows placidly through the park, now completely free of oil.
Oil Creek has two sites available with six shelters each.
Oil Creek is classed as a beginner's creek under normal conditions.
Oil Creek is one of the largest trout streams on Pennsylvania.
Oil demand includes bunkers and refinery fuel.
Oil demand slows, excess supply floods the market and the price of crude nosedives.
Oil deposits create a serious fire risk by allowing fires to spread quickly.
All oil deposits contain natural gas, although natural gas is often found without oil.
Oil derricks are in abundance along with gem fields.
Oil drilling can also produce methane.
Oil drilling can result in harmful spillage.
Oil drilling leases.
Oil droplets are easily visible within.
Oil droplets coalesce and rise to the underside of the polypropylene plates.
Oil droplets filter out certain wavelengths making it possible to detect subtle hues.
Oil executives fear that another overshoot on the downside is possible.
Oil exploitation is risky business.
Oil exploitation starts.
Oil exploration destroys natural fish and wildlife habitat.
Oil exploration has to contend with an earth surface which has had a complicated history.
Oil exploration involves destruction.
Oil exploration is an evolutionary process.
Oil exploration is an expensive, high-risk operation.
Oil exploration is another area where the candidates are poles apart.
Oil exploration is sometimes a wild goose chase.
Oil exploration is the second largest user of magnetic tape behind the U.S. government.
Most oil exploration involves destruction.
Oil exports account for about a third of government revenues.
Oil exports are Angola's main foreign currency earner.
Oil exports are crucial to the country's economic recovery.
Oil exports are now about three-quarters their prewar level.
Oil exports are now more than three-quarters their prewar level.
Oil extraction is another cause of oil spill.
Oil extraction is evident from the many pumping stations and pipeline tracts.
Oil extraction is our main concern and our emphasis has been in the gulf of Mexico.
Oil fields run dry, however.
Many oil fields have much higher costs.
An oil filter is a filter
Oil filter is automotive cartridge-type for easy replacement.
Oil filters are a big pollution problem.
Oil filters are auto parts.
Oil filters are automotive products.
Oil filters are easy to replace and help prevent unnecessary engine wear.
Oil filters are filters.
Oil filters are usually on the side of the engine.
Oil filters do, however, have their limitations.
Oil filters protect the lubrication of the engine.
Oil fire is caused by combustion.
Most oil fire is caused by combustion.
An oil furnace is a furnace
Oil furnaces require a properly-sized liner inside an old tile chimney.
Oil furnaces require annual maintenance.
Oil furnaces require regular maintenance, preferably a cleaning and service once a year.
An oil gland is a gland
Oil gland can lack.
Oil glands are clearly visible on the underside of the leaves.
Oil glands are exocrine glands.
Oil glands become dry and blood vessels near the surface of the skin increase in size.
Oil glands become more active, and oily skin produces blackheads or pimples.
Oil glands help to form a protective barrier on the skin.
Oil glands produce a substance called sebum which help to moisturize the skin.
Oil glands secrete oil to lubricate the skin.
An oil industry is an industry
Oil industries create wealth.
Oil industry is the main supporting industry in Egypt.
Oil industry remains to be the main industry and has an ancient history.
Most oil industries create wealth.
An oil lamp is a lamp
Oil lamps are inexpensive and give off a lot of light.
Oil lamps are lamps.
Oil lamps are lit and garland decorations are placed in every home and temple.
Oil lamps made from shells are a frequent find throughout the Middle East.
Oil lamps provide light.
Oil lamps provide the lighting throughout the lodges.
Oil leaks are a relative thing.
Oil leaks are most noticeable on older trucks, and are mainly due to component wear.
Oil leaks can be a very misunderstood problem.
Oil leaks leave parts of the city smelling like a gas station.
Oil light keeps coming on.
Oil minister flies to South Africa.
Oil mist can cause mild irritation of respiratory tract.
Oil mist can provide a positive pressure inside the bearing to keep out contaminants.
Oil mist creates slippery surfaces which increase accident rates.
An oil of cloves is volatile oil
Oil of cloves can help temporarily.
Oil of cloves is available at most drug stores.
Oil of lavender is an aromatherapy favorite for relaxation and insomnia.
Oil of lavender is another.
Oil of oregano is a completely natural substance derived from wild oregano species.
Oil of oregano is a potent antiseptic.
Oil of oregano is a potent germ killer.
Oil of oregano is also a powerful pain killer.
Oil of oregano is said to kill any fungus.
Oil of thyme is diluted and used externally as a deodorant and antiseptic that can prevent mildew.
Oil of thyme is used for perfumes.
An oil of turpentine is volatile oil
Oil of turpentine is derived from the resin of pine trees.
An oil of wintergreen is a seasoning
Oil of wintergreen has aspirin-like properties.
Oil of wintergreen is distilled from the leaves.
Oil of wintergreen is made of the sap and leaves of yellow birch.
Oil paint becomes the dominant medium.
Oil paint can be almost as smooth as glass, or lumpy, bumpy or streaky.
Oil paint consists of ground pigment mixed with oil that dries on exposure to air.
Oil paint consists of pigment, or colored powders, ground in oil that dries on exposure to air.
Oil paint forms a tough plastic film as the binder reacts with oxygen in the air.
Oil paint is a very popular paint.
Oil paint is another example of something that's continually degrading.
Oil paint is by far the preferred medium today and it lasts much longer.
Oil paint is expressive almost by default.
Oil paint is fuel-blended for energy recovery.
Oil paint is paint
Oil paint is paint.
Oil paint is poison.
Oil paint is ready-made and available in tubes or jars of various sizes.
Oil paint obscures many details, including the facial features of shoppers who look white.
Oil paint takes a long time to dry .
Oil paint takes a long time to dry.
Oil paint takes days rather than hours to dry.
Oil paint tends to dry, shrink and crack.
Oil paints are pigments dispersed in a drying oil such as linseed oil , castor oil, or tung oil.
Oil paints are slow drying and can be blended.
Oil paints are the most versatile of all.
Oil paints can remain if bonded solidly to surfaces.
An oil painter is a painter
Oil painters can use all three, according to their preferences.
Oil Painting features landscape paintings, figure paintings and still life paintings.
Oil painting is a favorite as is photography.
Oil painting is a latter-day, western phenomena.
Oil painting is a wonderful medium for that purpose.
Oil painting is dead.
Oil paintings are in national monuments.
Oil paintings crack and flake.
Oil paintings is paintings.
Oil paintings is pictures.
All oil paintings are by the author.
Some oil paintings add values.
An oil palm is a palm tree
Oil palm is the most important estate crop in Sabah.
Oil palms produce a vegetable oil that is used for a myriad of food and non-food products.
Oil pan leaks due to insufficent sealant used when assembled at the factory.
Oil pans are expensive and the tow bill and labor are even more.
Oil Panic Catch the drops of oil before they hit the fire.
Oil pastels are a smoother media, good for symbols.
Oil pastels are also ideal for watercolor resist and scratch techniques.
Oil pastels are raw pigments combined with oil binders instead of gum.
Oil pastels employ a non drying oil and often a higher proportion of wax.
Oil pastels feel like a soft pastel, but look and act like oil paints.
Oil pastels have numerous advantages as an art material.
Oil pastels work well with older children, crayons with younger ones.
An oil pipeline is a line
Oil pipelines cost less to build, but cost more to run.
Oil pollution can be extremely detrimental to aquatic ecosystems.
Oil pollution creates conditions.
Oil pollution creates stressful conditions.
Oil pollution has a major impact on African Penguins.
Oil pollution is a serious problem throughout the world.
Oil pollution is an eyesore, and cleanup and subsequent disposal of oily wastes is difficult.
Oil pollution is another area of concern.
Oil pollution is more hazardous and difficult to tackle than chemical pollution.
Oil pollution occurs widely in both the nation's inland and coastal waters.
Oil pollution pose a serious threat to the environment as well as to commercial interests.
Most oil pollution creates conditions.
Most oil pollution creates stressful conditions.
Some oil pollution causes fungal infection.
Some oil pollution causes infection.
Oil press is here.
Oil pressure forces a spring loaded red piston forward to show presence of system pressure.
Oil pressure is adjusted up so it punches through gear changes nicely when manually shifted.
Oil pressure is excellent and compression on all cylinders is correct.
Oil pressure is maintained on the vertical line.
Oil pressure is normal.
Oil pressure is pressure
Oil pressure is pressure.
Oil pressure stays higher and power comes quicker during pull indicating less friction.
Oil price is a key factor in determining when production becomes economic.
Oil prices adjust to ration demand if stocks are high.
Oil prices are a critical factor in the future development of the UK offshore industry.
Oil prices are a key source of uncertainty.
Oil prices are already at the high end of the range of the last decade.
Oil prices are an important inflation factor in a small economy strongly dependent on oil imports.
Oil prices are at a nine-year high.
Oil prices are at punishingly high levels.
Oil prices are at their highest point since the Gulf War.
Oil prices are crucial.
Oil prices are extremely high.
Oil prices are high, and semi-conductor prices seem to be softening.
Oil prices are high.
Oil prices are higher than a year ago.
Oil prices are higher today than at any time since the Iraq invasion of Kuwait a decade ago.
Oil prices are just another cosmetic facelift in the ballgame.
Oil prices are likewise significantly higher than one year ago.
Oil prices are low.
Oil prices are primarily responsible for the higher inflation.
Oil prices are sensitive to small changes.
Oil prices are the highest they've been in a decade.
Oil prices are the wild card.
Oil prices are too high, and industries have no realistic options to which they can turn.
Oil prices are too high.
Oil prices are up again.
Oil prices are up, and that is a boon for the petroleum producing areas.
Oil prices are up.
Oil prices are very unstable when they're too high or too low.
Oil prices can fluctuate wildly.
Oil prices continue to shadow economy.
Oil prices continue to stay high.
Oil prices descend.
Oil prices effect the cost of everything.
Oil prices fall sharply .
Oil prices have since come down.
Oil prices have the power to produce a ripple effect across the American economy.
Oil prices relate directly to foreign policy and national defense.
Oil prices remain high, threatening Asian economies, which are disproportionate importers.
Oil prices remain high.
Oil prices rise, and then suddenly fall.
Oil prices soar.
All oil prices are on display from a wide variety of hand selected, local oil Companies.
Oil producers continue to blame market conditions with the reason for the spikes.
Oil producers recognize the importance of maintaining their reputations as reliable suppliers.
Oil producers show signs of pulling back sharply.
Oil products fuel our planes, trains, cars, trucks, buses, and motorcycles.
Oil production generates less harmful air emissions than the above metals.
Oil production is a messy business.
Oil production is at peak.
Oil production is from Triassic, Permian and Mississippian formations.
Oil production is imported.
Oil production is industries.
Oil production is likely to ebb by the end of the decade.
Oil production is likely to fall off dramatically by the end of the decade.
Oil production is precluded.
Oil production is primarily from the middle three sandstones.
Oil production is production
Oil production is regulated to satisfy demand while stock variation is of little importance.
Oil production is the main industry, accounting for two-thirds of Syrian export earnings.
Oil production is the main industry.
Oil production is the major revenue earner.
Oil production is weak.
Oil production is yet another example, as is the spread of contaminants in soil.
Oil production means huge drills chewing through the Earth.
Oil production rises .
Oil production tends to be increased by intense heat and humidity.
Some oil production causes damage.
Some oil production causes severe damage.
Some oil production reaches peaks.
Some oil production supports average growth.
Some oil production supports growth.
An oil pump is a pump
Oil pump is replaced.
Oil pump is small block.
Oil pump looks like new.
Oil pumps are new or rebuilt, depending on model, however the warranty is the same on both.
Oil pumps are pumps.
Oil pumps bow with hypnotic regularity, silently counting underground wealth.
Oil recovery is lower as the plant material becomes drier.
Oil recovery varies with average flooding pressure.
Oil refiners are available to provide such services.
An oil refinery is a refinery
Oil refineries are a major source of air and water pollution.
Oil refineries are among the typical sources of point source pollution .
Oil refineries are another problem.
Oil refineries are another source of water contamination.
Oil refineries are companies.
Oil refineries are one of the largest sources of air, water and land pollution in the nation.
Oil refineries are refineries.
Oil refineries have most of their equipment outdoors.
Oil refineries hold oil.
Oil refineries produce motor petrol, diesel fuel, aromatic hydrocarbons, jet fuel, lubricants, etc.
Oil refineries release pollution that can cause global warming and increase illnesses like asthma.
Oil refineries use and release toxic chemicals that can harm human health and the environment.
More Oil refineries release toxic emissions into our surrounding neighborhoods.
Most oil refineries hold oil.
Oil refining is also an important industry.
Oil refining is one of the most efficient processes ever developed.
Oil refining is the main industry.
Oil reserves are offshore from Sabah and Sarawak.
Oil reservoir is fabricated of high impact plastic.
Oil resources are finite.
Oil revenue accounts for ninety percent of Nigeria's foreign export earnings.
Oil revenues account for approximately half of the government's total revenue.
Oil revenues are to be used for food, medicine and other humanitarian goods.
Oil revenues continue to decline, and inflation is rampant.
Oil revenues go abroad to the overseas accounts of the elite.
Oil revenues increase consumption possibilities.
Oil revenues make Qatar one of the world's richest countries in per capita terms.
Oil revenues pay for state government in a region where doing anything costs a bundle.
Oil revenues support airports, schools, public works, etc.
An oil rig is a rig
Oil rigs are located in sea.
Oil rigs drill and remove hydrocarbons.
Oil rigs stomp out a rhythmic beat while drilling for oil.
Some oil rigs accept passengers and mail, some accept nothing, and a rare few accept other cargoes.
Oil sampling is always a good idea.
Oil sand is key to meeting North America's continued energy needs.
Oil seals are available in a wide range of designs to suit a variety of applications.
Oil seals are common points of leakage and can usually be replaced fairly inexpensively.
Some oil seals are made of rubber.
Oil secrete glands produce secretion.
Oil separation is natural.
Oil separation occurs naturally in non-homogenized nut butters.
Oil service is a prime example.
Oil service is about it.
Oil shale contains a waxy substance known as kerogen, which yields oil when heated.
Oil shale is a rock that contains significant amounts of organic material in the form of kerogen.
Oil shale is a sedimentary rock.
Oil shale is a type of sedimentary rock that is rich in kerogen.
Oil shale is shale
Oil shale is the rock from which shale oil is extract ed.
Oil shocks are sudden, prolonged changes in worldwide prices of crude oil.
Oil shortages are possible.
An oil slick is a slick
Oil slicks are relatively easy to distinguish.
Oil slicks are slicks.
Oil slicks poison sea life, clog up the feathers of birds and leak toxic chemicals into the sea.
Oil solutions consist of the toxicant mixed into a petroleum based diluent.
Oil spill sare harmful to animals and the enviroment.
Oil spill threatens birds on German North Sea coast Bremen.
Oil spills account for only about five percent of the oil entering the oceans.
Oil Spills Add Up.
Oil spills affect many species of plants and animals in the environment, as well as humans.
Oil spills are a common occurrence at oil production fields and during transport.
Oil spills are a large cause of destruction to the many organisms that thrive in the mangroves.
Oil spills are a major issue mainly in Alaska, the Persian Gulf, and the Gulf of Mexico.
Oil spills are a regular occurrence.
Oil spills are a result of human carelessness.
Oil spills are a serious potential danger to bowheads.
Oil spills are a serious problem in marine environments .
Oil spills are a serious threat to water environments.
Oil spills are a surface problem.
Oil spills are also a big problem.
Oil spills are also a great danger to penguins.
Oil spills are also a large source of pollution in the oceans.
Oil spills are also a major reason that killer whales are endangered.
Oil spills are also common during oil explorations and at the oil well drilling sites.
Oil spills are also deadly to loons.
Oil spills are another major cause of marine pollution.
Oil spills are common.
Oil spills are disastrous for penguins and other sea birds.
Oil spills are environmental disasters, especially offshore spills.
Oil spills are environmental disasters.
Oil spills are especially dangerous to sea otters.
Oil spills are harmful to marine birds and mammals as well as fish and shellfish.
Oil spills are just one of the ways that humans can have a harmful affect on bird populations.
Oil spills are no longer a surprise.
Oil spills are one form of spectacularly harmful events.
Oil spills are one of the most visible concerns related to oil and gas development along our coasts.
Oil spills are only the beginning when it comes to marine disasters.
Oil spills are particularly dangerous to sea turtles.
Oil spills are products of human mistakes and carelessness.
Oil spills are some of the most challenging environmental disasters.
Oil spills are the most visible and immediate sign of oil pollution.
Oil spills are ugly and are expensive to clean up.
Oil spills are unavoidable and speak death for many aquatic animals and plants.
Oil spills are unhappy events.
Oil spills are very difficult to clean up.
Oil spills are yet another major threat to ocean resources.
Oil spills can also have devastating effects upon organisms above the surface.
Oil spills can be lethal for penguins and other sea birds.
Oil spills can be unpredictable, thwarting efforts to minimize damage.
Oil spills can cause problems for wildlife.
Oil spills can cause serious damage to fisheries and mariculture resources.
Oil spills can cause skin irritations and rashes .
Oil spills can cover a massive area.
Oil spills can have long-term effects on killer whale populations.
Oil spills can have serious impacts.
Oil spills can impact the entire food chain.
Oil spills can kill plants and animals and soil beaches.
Oil spills can kill wildlife and significantly damage tundra ecosystems.
Oil spills can lead to severe disruption for the tourist industry.
Oil spills cause short-term damage and marine creature kills.
Oil spills coat the beach, rocks, sea.
Oil spills contaminate our shores, flowing from cheaply built tankers.
Oil spills contaminate the wetlands, threatening wildlife and human communities alike.
Oil spills continue to occur throughout the world.
Oil spills degrade coastal ecosystems, killing wildlife and destroying fisheries.
Oil spills do occur in freshwater but are usually more localised.
Oil spills happen every single year.
Oil spills have a devastating effect on sea otters.
Oil spills have a predictable progression.
Oil spills have a widespread impact on a host of interconnected species.
Oil spills have the most visible effects on shorelines, beaches, and various species of wildlife.
Oil spills have the potential to devastate many coastal wildlife populations, including terrapins.
Oil spills have to be handled differently than other hazardous waste sites.
Oil spills impose as yet unknown costs on the marine ecosystems they pollute.
Oil spills kill fish, anphibians, birds, sea mammals, shellfish, and plant life.
Oil spills kill hundreds of thousands of birds a year or more.
Oil spills kill plants and animals by preventing respiration.
Oil spills occur by bad navigation and weather.
Oil spills occur every day all over the world.
Oil spills occur every day, all over the world.
Oil spills pose a potentially serious threat to human health and the environment.
Oil spills pose an immediate threat to many types of organisms, particularly birds and mammals.
Oil spills present a localized threat to otter populations, especially in coastal areas.
Oil spills result in both immediate and long term damage to the environment.
Oil spills run rampant.
Oil spills take a deadly blow on the fish, shellfish and any other marine life.
Oil spills tend to make the news because of the large volume of oil that spills at one time.
All oil spills are events catastropic to the environment.
Many oil spills result in the fatalities of the water and land animals that live in that area.
Oil sticks are very creamy and blend nicely.
Oil supplies are good for only a few more decades.
Oil tank is just visible behind rear wheel.
Oil tanks afire third day after explosion.
Oil tanker cars arrive at destinations.
An oil tanker is a ship
Oil tankers are by far the largest ships afloat.
Oil tankers are cargo ships.
Oil tankers are located in ports.
Oil tankers are made of metal.
Oil tankers are ships.
Oil tankers slip through the embargo by hugging the coast.
All oil tankers crack.
Oil viscosity changes as an engine warms.
An oil well is a well
Oil wells are a dime a dozen.
Oil wells are closed and fields are abandoned when they are losing money.
Oil wells are in the vicinity.
Oil wells are useful for getting oil .
Oil wells are useful for getting oil.
Oil wells are usually deeper.
Oil wells are wells.
Oil wells supply a large portion of energy used in Louisiana .
All oil wells deplete over time.
Oil accounts for about half of government revenue in Venezuela.
Oil accounts for about three-quarters of Venezuela's export earnings.
Oil accounts for almost half of the world's sea trade.
Oil accounts for almost half of the world's seaborne trade.
Oil accounts for more than half the total commercial energy consumption in Japan and South Korea.
Oil accounts for virtually all exports.
Oil adheres better, but preparation and cleanup discourages many.
Oil adheres to the upwardly moving conveyor, while water passes through.
Oil affects life.
Oil affects marine life.
Oil alone constitutes half of the treasury income.
Oil alone entices many petroleum-noshing bugs to immigrate to polluted areas.
Oil alone provides one-third of state revenues.
Oil also affects animals in non-lethal ways such as impairing reproduction.
Oil also alters the composition of species in the reef habitat.
Oil also blinds animals when it gets into their eyes, so they can no longer watch out for predators.
Oil also contains glycerides of linolenic, oleic and various linoleic acids.
Oil also eliminates the ability of a bird's feathers to keep it warm.
Oil also has a much longer dry time than water.
Oil also has important implications for our national security.
Oil also increases susceptibility to diseases in Ashes and inhibits the growth of phytoplankton.
Oil also is used to heat homes.
Oil also performs a cooling function.
Oil also plays an important part in the local economy, as does whisky distilling and bottling.
Oil also serves as an antifoam agent.
Oil also softens the grain and holds in the moisture.
Oil appears as a trade item.
Oil appears in many processed foods.
Oil appears to have technically broken down as well.
Oil appears to have the best pricing opportunities of all of the commodities.
Oil applies to skin.
Oil are delicious right out of the bottle.
Oil attracts dirt.
Oil attracts dust as well as weakens the sheath.
Oil attracts dust.
OIL avoids such default values, because no clear formal semantics for default values exists.
Oil based clay, plaster, wax and stone are primary mediums.
Oil based flavorings are more concentrated.
Oil based irritants have no safeword.
Oil based lubricants can break down latex gloves, try using silicone-based lubricants.
Oil based lubricants can break down latex.
Oil based lubricants can cause the condoms to deteriorate and break.
Oil based lubricants can clog anal glands and damage latex condoms.
Oil based lubricants such as petroleum jelly can damage the condom.
Oil based lubricants, such as petrolium jelly, lotion or cooking oil, can damage the condom.
Oil Based Many uses for sculpting, shaping or moldmaking.
Oil based paint contains pigment and solvents, such as xylene.
Oil based paint is disposed of by the County's Hazardous Waste Contractor.
Oil based paints and stains are flammable - store away from sources of sparks or heat.
Oil based paints can remain wet or tacky for many hours.
Oil based paints, on the other hand, require a natural bristle brush.
Oil based products can cause condoms to break.
Oil based sprays are particularly hard on foliage.
Oil based, it acts as a lubricant for the inner workings of the machines.
Oil becomes gas, which is generator fuel.
Oil becomes less viscous as the temperature goes up .
Oil becomes less viscous as the temperature goes up.
Oil becomes more valuable in economic exchange.
Oil becomes solid and sluggish making it harder to start the engine.
Oil becomes the backbone of the economy in many areas of the Brazos River basin.
Oil begins flowing through the Alaska pipeline.
Oil belongs to the people and the nation.
Oil boosts digestion.
Oil breaks down the glove barrier, and releases additional allergens.
Oil can - to get moving parts going right.
Oil can also cause long term environmental and economic damage to the marine ecosystem near a spill.
Oil can also cause problems with health when over-exposed to oil vapors.
OIL can also mean a Preparation.
Oil can be devastating to wildlife and can leave an ecosystem impacted for years.
Oil can become rancid if stored too long.
Oil can become rancid.
Oil can bring wealth, but it is most selective in how benefits are distributed.
Oil can carry it into critical engine parts.
Oil can cause dermatitis.
Oil can cause plant injury if used improperly.
Oil can cause problems with rashes or other skin irritations when exposed directly to the skin.
Oil can come from a pipeline leak, a storm sewer or illegal dumping.
Oil can contaminate drinking water.
Oil can deter egglaying as well as smother existent eggs, providing coverage is excellent.
Oil can enter organisms by several exposure routes such as ingestion, absorption and the food chain.
Oil can enter the vacuum pump in several ways.
Oil can give to encaustic greater fluidity, color diffusion, and in some techniques, precision.
Oil can ignite when combined with the pure oxygen that spacewalking astronauts breathe.
Oil can jam the threads.
Oil can kill herring and their eggs.
Oil can leak over and under the gears.
Oil can make a modern sailboat deck hazardous.
Oil can make latex condoms break.
Oil can only handle a certain amount of moisture.
Oil can overheat very quickly and catch fire.
Oil can saturate a wood box, render it unrestorable, and leave a solid cardboard box dark and dingy.
Oil can smother animals, mangrove roots, and other seashore life.
Oil can stunt or kill marsh vegetation or submerged grasses.
Oil causes air pollution.
Oil causes flame.
Oil causes latex condoms to break down resulting in holes, tears and breaking.
Oil causes pollution.
Oil causes wax to become gummy.
Oil certainly makes strange bedfellows.
Oil Change it regularly.
Oil change Regular oil changes are the best way to ensure longer engine life.
Oil changes Repacking.
Oil coats things.
Oil collect down no sixty hence shock Baseball equipment catalog.
Oil collect down no sixty hence shock Basketball hoop.
Oil combines many of the attributes of the first two alternatives.
Oil comes from products.
Oil comes from sources.
Oil comes from the earth at a cost to the environmental.
Oil comes next, then water is at the bottom.
Oil comprises seventy percent of Nigeria's exports.
Oil consists mostly of hydrocarbons with small amounts of sulfur, oxygen, and nitrogen impurities.
Oil constitutes the most vital strategic resource for military and industrial power.
Oil contained in the rising bubbles is left on the sea surface as slicks.
Oil contains antimicrobial lipids.
Oil contains benzene, which is a known carcinogen.
Oil contains compounds.
Oil contains lipids.
Oil contains monomers.
Oil contains polymer molecules in a solvent.
Oil contains zinc, sulfur, and phosphorous.
Oil contaminates feathers when the birds come into contact with slicks on water or shorelines.
Oil continues to be removed on a weekly basis.
Oil continues to be the most important component of the world's energy balance.
Oil continues to come out of the spring.
Oil continues to go deeper and deeper, making the problem more and more difficult to solve.
Oil continues to seep up to the surface as it has for hundreds of thousands of years.
Oil continues to spill from the sunken stern.
Oil covers the chamber, preventing dross formation.
Oil creates conditions.
Oil cuts down on the friction and heated parts.
Oil damages plants.
Oil damages the paint and collects dust.
Oil damages their eyes, clogs their sensory hairs and impairs their breathing.
Oil decreases the gravitational force on an object.
Oil destroys habitats.
Oil destroys the duck s waterproof feathers ,which overlap and form a tight weave.
Oil deteriorates through the action of lipase and other enzymes in the oil and the action of oxygen.
Oil distilled from leaves, stems in Madagascar.
Oil distilled from the plants is used in perfume.
Oil distilled from the seeds is used in flavoring.
Oil distilled from the seeds is used in perfumes and soaps.
OIL does charge a minimal fee to ride.
Oil does the same thing.
Oil dominates in the discovered reserves, but gas accumulations are more common seaward.
Oil drains back into transmission from the cooler and cooler lines.
Oil drains down in a standing engine.
Oil drains from the center housing by gravity.
Oil drains out of the baffling on a long, narrow plate pinned to the inside of the cover.
Oil drives our economy and every economy in the world.
Oil emerges from the seeps migrating along faults and fractures in the bedrock beneath the lake.
Oil ends up anywhere so bring a large old shirt.
Oil enters the oceans primarily as a result of oil tanker accidents.
Oil enters the pump from the reservoir and is forced through the lines to four hydraulic rams.
Oil enters the weirs and is pumped from the weirs via an oil tube to recovery tanks.
Oil exposed to oxygen is what makes things go rancid.
Oil extends the life of an engine and a running engine extends the life of a pilot.
Oil extracted from coconut meat is used in message, and is mixed in a drink to treat stomach aches.
Oil extracted from the fruit of the blood-twig dogwood is used in France for making soap.
Oil extracted from the seeds is made into potions and given to colicky babies.
Oil extracted from turpentine is also available.
Oil extracts from cardamom seeds.
Oil extracts from commercial seeds.
Oil extracts from dill seeds.
Oil extracts from poppy seeds.
Oil extracts from seeds.
Oil fills the gap between bar stock and feed tube, acting as a noise-dampening support.
Oil fills the gap between the bar stock and the feed tube, acting as a noise damper.
Oil floats in water.
Oil floats on water .
Oil floats on water because a drop of oil is lighter than a drop of water the same size.
Oil floats on water because it is less dense than water.
Oil floats on water.
Oil flows all over the body, keeping hair follicles clean of germs.
Oil flows from the compressed kernels into the pail.
Oil flows from the low pressure header into a sump in the upper part of the pump housing.
Oil flows through a tube into a sealable plastic storage container.
Oil follows essentially the same model as processed sugar, which is also pressed from plants.
Oil forms deep underground from non-biological processes.
Oil forms the top layer, milk the middle, and corn syrup the bottom.
Oil freely flows through the compressed spring.
Oil fuels the conflict.
Oil generally floats because it is lighter than water.
Oil gets to vital engine parts faster for maximum wear protection.
Oil give Six on either wound in an scenarios.
Oil gives fried foods their smooth flavors and pleasing textures.
Oil goes to the refinery to make gas.
Oil goes very well with metal machinery, it is the blood and food of metal machinery.
Oil harms creatures.
Oil has (part) atoms.
Oil has (part) chemical chain.
Oil has (part) chemical groups.
Oil has a low specific heat and poor conductivity making it a poor choice as a heat transfer medium.
Oil has a low specific heat and poor conductivity, making it a poor choice as a barrier fluid.
Oil has a tendancy to shellac when it is old and unused.
Oil has a very low specific heat and poor thermal conductivity.
Oil has an optical density between air and water.
Oil has aroma.
Oil has benefits.
Oil has floral aroma.
Oil has functions.
Oil has glycerine, palmitic, lauric acids.
Oil has great values.
Oil has health benefits.
Oil has heart health benefits.
Oil has high commercial value in the market.
Oil has high viscosity.
Oil has important implications for our national security.
Oil has less density than water.
Oil has many adverse effects on the aquatic environment.
Oil has many benefits.
Oil has many friends in the administration.
Oil has many health benefits.
Oil has many uses.
Oil has medicinal properties and speaks of soothing and restoration.
Oil has more mass than air.
Oil has numerous benefits.
Oil has potential benefits.
Oil has purposes.
Oil has quality.
Oil has relatively little to do with the price of electricity.
Oil has some gas or air bound up in solution.
Oil has superior quality.
Oil has to be drilled for and transported by tanker or pipeline.
Oil has to travel to the bottom of the bar where most of the cutting is done.
Oil has use.
Oil has values.
Oil has woody aroma.
Oil heats a home more evenly than gas heat.
Oil heats our homes.
Oil helps growth.
Oil helps to get the speed going.
Oil holds benefits.
Oil holds many benefits.
Oil holds medical benefits.
Oil impacts to marshes.
Oil impairs ability.
Oil impregnated bearings eliminate the possibility of bearing failure or seizure under severe loads.
Oil improves metabolism.
Oil improves performance.
Oil improves the optics because it unites the glass cover slip and the objective.
Oil includes petroleum fuel oil, sludge, oil refuse, vegetable oils, and oil mixed with wastes.
Oil is a biblical symbol of the divine gift of health, strength and respect for the whole person.
Oil is a big producer and it's found mostly by the Caspian Sea.
Oil is a central influence in the global economic slowdown.
Oil is a chemical lubricant that breaks down with age, use, heat, etc.
Oil is a commodity and commodities are essentially fungible.
Oil is a commodity like soybeans.
Oil is a commodity that affects almost every product that comes to market.
Oil is a commodity, produced in dozens of countries and thousands of locations.
Oil is a commodity.
Oil is a common companion of mercury, the most toxic of natural metals.
Oil is a complex mixture of different compounds.
Oil is a contaminate and limits sharpening to pre-sterilization.
Oil is a convenient source of energy.
Oil is a critical factor.
Oil is a different story.
Oil is a dirty business.
Oil is a dirty fuel.
Oil is a factor input in many production processes.
Oil is a family issue.
Oil is a figure used often in the Scripture, for a variety of things.
Oil is a filthy fuel.
Oil is a financial problem, but water is life and death.
Oil is a finite natural resource.
Oil is a finite resource, and foreign markets have proven an unstable source.
Oil is a fossil fuel that emits carbon dioxide and other pollutants when burned.
Oil is a fossil fuel.
Oil is a freedom issue.
Oil is a function of global concerns.
Oil is a global commodity whose price is determined by international markets.
Oil is a global commodity.
Oil is a good barrier fluid to use between dual mechanical seals.
Oil is a good example of such a product.
Oil is a good example.
Oil is a great income-producer.
Oil is a hazardous material.
Oil is a highly important commodity.
Oil is a jobs issue.
OIL is a language built on a long history of research in description logics .
Oil is a liquid - though sometimes a very thick one.
Oil is a liquid fossil fuel that can be dark brown, yellow or even green.
Oil is a liquid that moves more slowly than most other liquids.
Oil is a major environmental pollutant.
Oil is a major mineral resource, as are natural gas, bauxite and bromine.
Oil is a major motivator for the war and the displacement of people.
Oil is a major source of wealth in Venezuela .
Oil is a mixture of many different chemicals.
Oil is a molecule
Oil is a more important matter.
Oil is a national interest.
Oil is a national resource which is being misused by the current government.
Oil is a natural wealth of that region, but water is a regional problem.
Oil is a non-renewable resource that's bad for the environment when wasted.
Oil is a precious commodity and it is very expensive.
Oil is a product page of the oils.
Oil is a product that arouses so much passion.
Oil is a proxy for the monetary base of the world.
Oil is a ready-made fuel.
Oil is a resource.
Oil is a safe non-expensive heating fuel.
Oil is a slightly different story.
Oil is a stronger conentration than even perfume.
Oil is a sufficant used for insect and disease control.
Oil is a symbol of The Holy Spirit.
OIL Is a thick oily liquid, golden-brown to black, that can be extracted from hashish.
Oil is a thick, brown or black substance found in rocks below Earth's surface.
Oil is a tremendous coolant.
Oil is a valuable resource that is wasted when improperly disposed of.
Oil is a valuable resource.
Oil is a very concentrated form of energy.
Oil is a very good heat exchanger as well as lubricant.
Oil is a very serious threat.
Oil is a wasting asset, in that proceeds from the well represent both income and return of capital.
Oil is a wax softening liquid.
OIL is a year-round organization.
Oil is absorbed during each cooking batch.
Oil is actually a very complex mixture made up of hundreds of compounds, mostly hydrocarbons.
Oil is added thru the engine fill opening on the side of the sub-base.
Oil is added to the engine by removing the screw cap on the top of the engine.
Oil is again a national topic of discussion and a national issue of concern.
Oil is again heated in a pan and to it is added onion paste and stirred till brown.
Oil is alarmingly cheap and it is crippling the industry.
Oil is already in liquid form, so no such processing is required to ship it.
Oil is already in ocean and ready to be lit.
Oil is also a colvalent compound, but is non-polar.
Oil is also a huge cost for airlines and anything else to do with transportation.
Oil is also a poor electrical conductor, which means it interferes with electrical contact.
Oil is also a raw material in medicines, paints, plastics, fertilizer and pesticides.
Oil is also a relatively 'safe' source of energy for horses or ponies prone to laminitis.
Oil is also a resource in some places .
Oil is also a resource in some places.
Oil is also good for use on charms and letters or to wear as a perfume.
Oil is also readily available.
Oil is also very lucrative.
Oil is always just about to run out.
Oil is an alternative material, but requires good coverage.
Oil is an amazing substance, and there are plenty of good reasons to love it.
Oil is an economic issue.
Oil is an effective and convenient fuel for moving vehicles.
Oil is an example.
Oil is an important commodity.
Oil is an important source of income for many of the middle eastern countries.
Oil is an inexpensive way to heat water.
Oil is an organic compound
Oil is an organic compound.
Oil is analysed as an instrument for power.
Oil is Angola's largest revenue earner.
Oil is another alternative to carb cleaner.
Oil is another carbon compound that oxidizes in contact with air.
Oil is another factor in the city's economy.
Oil is another fossil fuel.
Oil is another kind of chemical pollution that can harm whales.
Oil is another story.
Oil is applied primarily for lubricity to reduce friction scratches in handling or shearing.
Oil is applied to the emerald which seeps into the fissures, which reach the stone's surface.
Oil is applied with most massage sessions.
Oil is applied.
Oil is as cheap as water in the United States.
Oil is as useful for ships as it is for boats.
Oil is at the center of it.
Oil is automatically or hand fed to the chain to reduce friction as the chain moves around the bar.
Oil is available at health food stores.
Oil is available on-line in English, French and German.
Oil is barely part of the discussion.
Oil is beneficial to our bodies, but very much the opposite to many six-footed animals.
Oil is big here too.
Oil is broken down or decomposed by bacteria only very slowly.
Oil is brought to California by large tanker ships.
Oil is brown.
Oil is burned in factories and power plants to make electricity.
Oil is burned in local waste oil heaters.
Oil is but the half of it.
Oil is but the tip of the iceberg.
Oil is carried by pipelines and in large tanker ships.
Oil is carried from the inlet to the delivery side of the pump by the opposite teeth of both gears.
Oil is central to the economic and social identity of modern Texas.
Oil is certainly very important in our economy particularly as a foreign exchange earner.
Oil is cheap and the supply is plentiful.
Oil is cheap, after all.
Oil is checked for water content and other contaminants before the product is transported.
Oil is collected in tanks and picked up regularly by a recovery company.
Oil is colored light-amber by it.
Oil is composed of thousands of compounds, including polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs.
Oil is compressible and can often limit servo response.
Oil is comprised of hydrocarbons, chains of hydrogen and carbon molecules of varying lengths.
Oil is considered as one of the strategic resources in China.
Oil is converted into energy.
Oil is created by the sebaceous glands in the skin.
Oil is critical for the U.S. economy and the conveniences of our everyday lives.
Oil is critical to Indonesia.
Oil is crucial to the Russian economy.
Oil is currently a major source of energy, and is used to make electricity.
Oil is dangerous stuff.
Oil is detected on radar imagery because the oil dampens the capillary waves of the ocean surface.
Oil is difficult to remove from the decks and cushions and makes life slippery.
Oil is directed through the spool valve to the selected circuit of choice.
Oil is dirt.
Oil is dirtier than gas and incurs transport costs.
Oil is disastrous to any bird which uses marine habitats.
Oil is discovered all under the basin.
Oil is discovered for the first time in Southeast Texas.
Oil is discovered in Saudi Arabia.
Oil is discovered in the North Sea off the coast of Scotland.
Oil is discovered in the North Sea.
Oil is distilled from needles of tree in Canada.
Oil is distilled to obtain natural gas, the main source of power that is used to create electricity.
Oil is distributed free to teachers attending a teacher training workshop.
Oil is drastically under-priced.
Oil is due to run out in the first half of the next century.
Oil is easier to get off rocky coasts than soft marsh of an estuary, for example.
Oil is easy to install and change.
Oil is easy to store and to use and rotate.
Oil is edibles.
Oil is especially critical for agriculture, transportation, and the chemical industry.
Oil is especially important to the Alaskan population because of the revenue it generates.
Oil is essential for good health.
Oil is expensive.
Oil is exported in a shuttle tanker.
Oil is expressed from seeds.
Oil is extracted by first employing a cold press method, followed by a hot press procedure.
Oil is extracted from seeds.
Oil is extracted from shale in the united states, Brazil, and south Africa.
Oil is extracted from shale in the United States, Brazil, and South Africa.
Oil is extracted from the lavender flower heads.
Oil is extracted from the sardines through cooking, pressing and centrifuging.
Oil is extracted from the seeds, which are widely sold to feed cage birds.
Oil is extracted from the seeds.
Oil is fair, as is copper.
Oil is familiar enough.
Oil is far from being our only treasure.
Oil is fat, and fat contributes to obesity.
Oil is fed from the cylinder lubricator by separate lines to each cylinder.
Oil is fed to the crankshaft and camshaft bearings via small bores.
Oil is finite, yet man's inventiveness seems to have no end.
Oil is first of all a matter of big politics.
Oil is fluid.
Oil is forced through the engine at high pressure.
Oil is forced under pressure through the torque converter.
Oil is formed into tiny droplets by gradually adding it to the other ingredients while whipping.
Oil is formulated for use in all injector type two-cycle gasoline engines.
Oil is formulated to be easily degraded by microorganisms present in the water and soil.
Oil is formulated to be easily degraded by microorganisms present in water and soil.
Oil is found in the north, northeast, and in the south.
Oil is found naturally in porous sedimentary rocks.
Oil is found only in sedentary rock.
Oil is fuel and, thus, a source of energy.
Oil is fungible.
Oil is gathered inside the U, moved to a location away from the main spill and is set on fire.
Oil is generally better than lotion, which dries up more quickly.
Oil is given as an emulsion or by injection.
Oil is harmful to aquatic life.
Oil is harmful to most marine organisms.
Oil is harmful to shellfish, finfish, marine mammals and waterfowl who live near the spill.
Oil is heated and circulated by a pump and motor combination.
Oil is hot enough when biscuit is dropped in it puffs up and almost immediately browns.
Oil is important because of gas.
Oil is imported for use mainly in the transport sector.
Oil is imported from China and the Soviet Union by pipeline, and from Iran by sea.
Oil is imported primarily from Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Oil is in a glut situation.
Oil is in billions of barrels.
Oil is in the area.
Oil is inanimate objects.
Oil is incredibly important to our economy.
Oil is Iran's main export.
Oil is just one of the many natural resources becoming scarce in society today.
Oil is just one way to ensure the nation's energy security.
Oil is less dense than water and water is less dense than corn syrup.
Oil is less dense than water, so it floats.
Oil is less dense than water.
Oil is less processed, more practical, and less expensive than capsules.
Oil is like a wild animal.
Oil is like any other commodity.
Oil is likely to take similar open pathways into the marsh.
Oil is likely to very important as the primary transportation fuel.
Oil is lipids.
Oil is liquid at room temperature.
Oil is liquids.
Oil is located in car engines.
Oil is located in cars.
Oil is located in engines.
Oil is located in ground.
Oil is located in kitchens.
Oil is located in lamps.
Oil is located in oil wells.
Oil is located in repair shops.
Oil is located in restaurants.
Oil is located in service stations.
Oil is located in streets.
Oil is located in wells.
Oil is lubricant.
Oil is made into gasoline, which powers cars and other vehicles.
Oil is made of more complex molecules, containing carbon and hydrogen.
Oil is made of tiny plants and animals that lived in warm seas.
Oil is made up of sulfur and other naturally occurring elements.
Oil is metered through labyrinth piston to provide smooth, controlled action.
Oil is mined using high-tech equipment that drills into the earth's crust.
Oil is mixed with hydrogen, and the mixture flows onto a tray at the top of the reactor.
Oil is mixed with water in the refining process to remove salts and other impurities.
Oil is more than technique, it has none, more than knowledge, that means nothing.
Oil is more viscous than water, but oil is less dense than water.
Oil is most effective when applied on eggs for control of first stage nymphs.
Oil is most often the fat of choice in quick breads.
Oil is much cheaper that a new motor.
Oil is much cheaper to suck - for now.
Oil is multinationalism s eldest son.
Oil is needed to pay for the weapons.
Oil is never past the point of use.
Oil is no longer in short supply.
Oil is nonrenewable because there is a limited amount buried in the Earth's crust.
Oil is now in ample supply.
Oil is obtained by distilling from the whole plant.
Oil is of considerable importance to the UK economy.
Oil is of major importance for transport, heat production and chemical industry.
Oil is often under pressure from underground gas or water.
OIL IS OIL .
Oil is oil and vinegar is vinega.
Oil is oil paint.
Oil is oil, birds and marine mammals fall victim to oil in two ways.
Oil is oil.
Oil is old technology and is harmful to the planet.
Oil is Oman's main export.
Oil is Oman's main source of revenue.
Oil is one ingredient that dominates Jewish cooking during Hannukah.
Oil is one of Ecuador's natural resources.
Oil is one of the major components for which soybean is grown.
Oil is one of the most common pollutants in our water.
Oil is one of the most important natural resources known to mankind.
Oil is one of the most valuable resources taken from the ocean today.
Oil is one type of fossil fuel.
Oil is only one factor in the Spratly dispute.
Oil is organic matter.
Oil is our principal source of energy, and energy is what makes our engine run.
Oil is painted on bottoms of small crafts to .protect against marine borers.
Oil is perfect for both kinds of applications.
Oil is politics.
Oil is potent spermicide.
Oil is poured in the water and students try different methods to clean up the oil.
Oil is poured out after each invocation, and finally, the jar is thrown to the ground.
Oil is power.
Oil is priced in dollars.
Oil is priced internationally, with prices set in dollars.
Oil is probably the oldest and one of the most important technologies invented by man.
Oil is processed from garlic and used commercially as flavouring.
Oil is produced at two mills.
Oil is produced from dolomitized carbonates encased in evaporites.
Oil is produced from dolomitized carbonates that are encased in evaporites.
Oil is produced from the meat and blubber, and is used in lamps and as a lubricant.
Oil is produced in the north.
Oil is produced in the south, and fishing is important along the coast.
Oil is produced in United States as an undesirable by-product from a brine well in Pennsylvania.
Oil is pumped from oil storage tanks by various pumping and pipeline systems.
Oil is pumped from the ground, refined, transported and stored.
Oil is pushed through the lifters and pushrods, and covers the rocker arms.
Oil is put in machinery to reduce the amount of friction and so decreases the generation of heat.
Oil is put in.
Oil is put into the engine by removing the screw cap on the top of the rocker arm cover.
Oil is Qatar's most important product and chief export.
Oil is quite stable and has a long shelf life.
Oil is ready for frying when bubbles begin to rise.
Oil is ready when batter sizzles.
Oil is ready when dash of cornmeal sizzles in the skillet.
Oil is ready when dash of cornmeal sizzles.
Oil is really important for our young people, for education and health care.
Oil is recommended during the massage to avoid creating friction.
Oil is recommended on all other areas of the slide and the internal parts.
Oil is recovered from the water surface as it adheres to the disc surface.
Oil is recovered in three stages.
Oil is recycled and metal is returned to steel mills for new product introduction.
Oil is recycled for productive use.
Oil is refined, and clothing and fertilizer are manufactured.
Oil is refined, and electrical equipment and metal products are made.
Oil is refined, and there are meatpacking plants.
Oil is refineds.
Oil is relatively abundant.
Oil is relatively easy to extract and inexpensive to use.
Oil is released by gravity from the reservoir either manually or electrically.
Oil is removed and discharged into a collection container in a manner similar to belt skimmers.
Oil is removed from olives by pressing.
Oil is removed from the body in temperature controlled wash bins.
Oil is removed from the disc by a scraper, located at the top of the bearing.
Oil is removed gently while the skin is left with a smooth, soft feeling.
Oil is reused as part of a fuel program.
Oil is rubbed on the breasts rather than placed in the pan.
Oil is Russia's major export.
Oil is scavenged from the sump by the scavenge section of the oil pump and returned to the oil tank.
Oil is scavenged from the sump through internal passages by the scavenge clement of the oil pump.
Oil is sent from the fields to a refinery, either in Dallas or in Houston.
Oil is separated by dehydrating the pulp, then pressing or extracting with solvents.
Oil is simply a liquid form of fat.
Oil is simply the cheapest way to get energy at the moment.
Oil is skimmed from the tops of the tanks, and solids are removed from the bottoms.
Oil is skin irritant.
Oil is slicks.
Oil is so easy to use in so many different ways, that people still depend on it a lot.
Oil is so scarce in the United States that they are forced to have it imported form other countries.
Oil is so valuable that is was the main reason why the Gulf War began.
Oil is somewhat dangerous if taken internally, but is applied externally for skin diseases.
Oil is spelled out on side of the mountain.
Oil is spilled.
Oil is spilt into the sea by supertankers.
Oil is spread between the foul line and several feet beyond the foul line.
Oil is still a force, however.
Oil IS still a problem.
Oil is stored at transfer points and at terminals and refineries along the route.
Oil is stored in large tanks until it is sent to various places to be used.
Oil is subject to serious overseas political problems, and costs that have gone up and down.
Oil is sucked up through wide floating heads and pumped into storage tanks.
Oil is suitable only for topical use.
Oil is supplied directly from the power station of the casting machine.
Oil is supplied from portable tanks provisioned with the oil burner.
Oil is supply constrained.
Oil is swabbed from inside the mouth of a penguin at the conservation center.
Oil is symbolic of healing.
Oil is the alternative fuel.
Oil is the backbone of national security.
Oil is the best medicine for curing illnesses caused by the wind.
Oil is the biggest industry in Alaska.
Oil is the biggest resource in Southwest Asia.
Oil is the biggest single source of the world's energy.
Oil is the cheapest, most convenient, most transportable, most versatile energy source in the world.
Oil is the chief source of income to the Muslim states.
Oil is the common factor on everyone's mind.
Oil is the dominant fuel in Taiwan, accounting for half of total primary energy consumption.
Oil is the economic mainstay.
Oil is the energy and financial lifeline of the United States, Europe and Japan.
Oil is the first hydrocarbon to be generated, followed by wet gas, and lastly by dry gas.
Oil is the first largest.
Oil is the fuel of today and natural gas is described as the 'fuel of the future'.
Oil is the fuel that keeps our nation on the move.
Oil is the genuine hope for the economic progress in Angola.
Oil is the largest traded commodity in the world.
Oil is the lifeblood of the beast.
Oil is the lifeblood of the engine.
Oil is the lifeblood of the global economy and sometimes prices get too high or too low.
Oil is the main commodity of the modern world.
Oil is the main cooking medium of Chinese cooking.
Oil is the main export.
Oil is the main industry and provides two-thirds of Syrian export earnings.
Oil is the main industry.
Oil is the main ingredient of plastic.
Oil is the main source of income for Chechnya.
Oil is the means by which our industrialized society obtains all other resources.
Oil is the most exploited resource within the deserts.
Oil is the most global fluid and Mexico is the sixth largest producer on the planet.
Oil is the most valuable mineral resource in Texas and neighboring Oklahoma and Louisiana.
Oil is the motor engine of today s economy.
Oil is the next cleanest, followed by coal, the dirtiest.
Oil is the other major industry creating the most revenue, through the export of petroleum products.
Oil is the pivotal fuel.
Oil is the primary energy source for many industries and a key feedstock for others.
Oil is the primary energy source of our civilization.
Oil is the primary fuel in Central America followed by hydropower.
Oil is the reason.
Oil is the secret ingredient that makes chiffon cakes so tender.
Oil is the South American country's biggest export.
Oil is the staple of the economy.
Oil is the state's most valuable natural resource.
Oil is the very lifeblood of modern civilization.
Oil is thick and moves slowly.
Oil is too cheap.
Oil is traded in the billions of dollars.
Oil is traded on an open world market, and the U.S. is subject to world prices.
Oil is traded on the world market, just as many other products are.
Oil is transferred via a loading system to shuttle tankers for transport to customers or terminals.
Oil is transformed into light through the medium of a wick.
Oil is transported by pipeline.
Oil is transported in large quantities through long-distance pipelines and by giant oil tankers.
Oil is transported to other nations using pipelines or ships.
Oil is treated to reduce the fatty acid and water content of the incoming feed.
Oil is unnecessary in bread, but it does delay staleness.
Oil is used as a candy flavoring and scent.
Oil is used as a medicine for nausea.
Oil is used as a raw material to make other chemicals.
Oil is used as a skin cosmetic.
Oil is used extensively in all types of Chinese cuisine.
Oil is used extensively in almost all types of Chinese cuisine.
Oil is used for cars.
Oil is used for nail polish.
Oil is used for oilings.
Oil is used for trucks.
Oil is used in beverages, to flavor drugs and in cosmetics.
Oil is used in muds to drill zones with shale or other highly water sensitive formations.
Oil is used in perfumes and toiletries.
Oil is used in place of plant material and in perfumes and cosmetics.
Oil is used in transformers primarily as an insulating and damping medium.
Oil is used in various forms.
Oil is used increasingly to fuel rapidly growing demands for road and air transport.
Oil is used mainly for transport, while coal is used for electricity generation.
Oil is used on pivoting pins and the point where wheels touch the inside of trucks.
Oil is used to fuel the fire and water is used to create steam.
Oil is used to gather or absorb heat from the internal engine parts and carry it away.
Oil is used to keep the uranium chips from burning.
Oil is used to light lamps.
Oil is used to make ice cream.
Oil is used to make photographic film Ethylene is one of the byproducts of distilling oil.
Oil is used to mark the boundary.
Oil is used to produce or transport most goods and so made almost all production more expensive.
Oil is used to provide lubrication between two moving parts to reduce wear.
Oil is used toprotectthe lane surface.
Oil is used up by our present system very very quickly.
Oil is used when a cooling fluid is needed for high speed bearings.
Oil is used when a slower cooling rate is desired.
Oil is utilized as a fuel and water is vaporized.
Oil is valuable, properly taken, but an irritating oil to consume the bones is destructive.
Oil is versatile.
Oil is very critical for their industry development.
Oil is very difficult to pump out from the dipstick hole.
Oil Is very economical .
Oil is very important for our health and for our brain development and function.
Oil is visible.
Oil is vital to the economy of the world.
Oil is what makes the pigment fluid and, when it dries, it is what holds the pigment to the surface.
Oil is worked into the leather during tanning, leaving the leather more soft and supple.
Oil is, in economic jargon, inelastic.
Oil is, of course, now the leading aspect of that relationship.
Oil isa lipid.
Oil just runs right out of it.
Oil keeps machinery working smoothly and keeps it from breaking down.
Oil keeps metal parts in the engine from wearing on each other.
Oil keeps moving surfaces separate from each other.
Oil keeps our country running.
Oil keeps piston crowns, cylinder heads and spark plugs clean and free of oil residue build-up.
Oil keeps the heat from drying out the cake.
Oil keeps the tanks going, keeps the airplanes flying.
Oil kills fish and can make kids who play in that water sick.
Oil kills fish and can make kids who play in the water sick.
Oil kills mammals.
Oil kills marine mammals.
Oil kills the floating organisms in fresh water that feed fish.
Oil leaking from underneath the pump is a good indicator of at least one bad oil seal.
Oil leaking on the intake side of the turbo is strong evidence of an air restriction.
Oil leaking out of a shock or strut indicates a part that needs to be replaced.
Oil lends the materials a sheen that can be mistaken for moisture.
Oil lowers blood pressure.
Oil lowers viscosity.
Oil maintains a higher lubricity level than conventional petroleum oils.
Oil maintains the balance of the world and is the blood of our mother.
Oil makes a great villain.
Oil makes foods taste good.
Oil makes for strange bedfellows in other ways.
Oil makes light effective.
Oil makes most of the money for Iran.
Oil makes the face shine.
Oil makes the mechanism run more smoothly.
Oil makes their surfaces smoother.
Oil makes up one-third of our nation's trade deficit.
Oil mats the feathers of birds, and that leads to death in a number of ways.
Oil mats the fur and if otters don t have enough insulation, they ll die of hypothermia.
Oil migrates into traps created by the folds from layers below.
Oil mixes readily with the flux, forming easily removed materials.
Oil moving through sand is also just like sand moving through oil.
Oil naturally tries to flow upwards, from high to low pressure conditions.
Oil needs to be imported by ship or pumped through pipelines.
Oil needs to circulate freely to properly lubricate a very cold engine.
Oil Never underestimate the role oil plays in successful stir-frying.
Oil now comes chiefly from offshore fields.
Oil now faces an unprecedented series of challenges.
Oil now is cheaper than ten years ago in real terms.
Oil occupies a special place in the U'wa cosmology.
Oil offers benefits.
Oil offers certain benefits.
Oil offers certain health benefits.
Oil offers health benefits.
OIL Offers the latest technology for today's engines.
Oil paints on the canvas.
Oil pays for glitter.
Oil pays for it all.
Oil penetrates the wood and strengthens from within.
Oil performs several functions.
Oil plays a large part in the economy and well being of the Arabian Peninsula.
Oil plays a vital role in the efficient performance of any vehicle.
Oil plays a vital role.
Oil plays an important part in the cooling of the piston crown.
Oil plays an important role in the cooling of the piston crown.
Oil plays big roles.
Oil plays major roles.
Oil plays roles.
Oil plays vital roles.
Oil Pour some baby powder on the oily spot, rub it in, then beat it out.
Oil powers our cars, heats our homes and runs our factories.
OIL presents a layered approach to a standard ontology language.
Oil presents no health hazard whatsoever since it is an edible product.
Oil prevents uranium chips from spontaneously igniting when coming in contact with air.
Oil produced in America and Texas means jobs and money spent in local communities.
Oil producing countries face economic disaster.
Oil producing nations want to boost the price of crude oil by cutting production.
Oil provides a high quality source of energy.
Oil provides a route for heat to escape.
Oil provides benefits.
OIL provides central management of most business functions.
Oil provides energy.
Oil provides health benefits.
Oil provides heating for warmth and gasoline for transportation.
Oil provides liquid fuels that are the energy base for most transportation.
Oil provides numerous benefits.
Oil provides one example of the conflict of interests.
Oil provides secondary benefits.
Oil pull An internal combustion engine fueled by oil rather than gasoline.
Oil Pump An engine-driven pump that delivers oil, under pressure, to the engine's moving parts.
Oil pump modification decreases time needed for proper oil-level checking.
Oil pumps in the Thunder Basin National Grassland.
Oil quickly becomes addictive, making it increasingly difficult to diversify.
Oil reduces friction and prevents thermal runaway.
Oil reduces friction because a. Molecules are always moving, oil slows down that motion.
Oil reduces friction within the engine, which increases fuel efficiency.
Oil refers to crude oil and petroleum products.
Oil refineries many times have an excess of hydrogen but usually burn it.
Oil relieves the heat and irritation caused on the skin.
Oil remaining within the coupling drains back into the oil sump.
Oil remains a critically important energy source for Japan.
Oil remains a mainstay in European red mite management.
Oil remains a temporary risk factor.
Oil remains difficult to sell so it is hard to keep crushing.
Oil remains the largest export and is the potential key to further economic development.
Oil remains the staple industry in Alaska.
Oil remains the weaker product.
Oil represents only a small fraction of the mix.
Oil represents the backbone of the Saudi economy.
Oil represents wisdom.
Oil reverses post-attack surge Links to more Business stories are at the foot of the page.
Oil rings with further reductions in tension are available for use with crankcase vacuum systems.
Oil rises from the seafloor to the ocean surface and spreads out over the more dense water.
Oil rises rapidly to the surface under quiescent conditions.
Oil Rub each slice of carp in mixture of salt, pepper, and oil.
Oil sands development calls on our expertise in both bulk materials handling and power generation.
Oil seals the hair preventing the absorption of other fragrances, smells, etc.
Oil seeps on Stewart Island provide on-land evidence of the basin's worth.
Oil seeps on the floor of the Gulf of Mexico.
Oil seeps through the filthy mud.
OIL serves as a great hands-on organization for students to learn the legislative process.
Oil serves as a lubricant and damping medium.
Oil shines, soothes, and heals.
Oil sits in deep underground reservoirs.
Oil skimming works on the principle of surface tension.
Oil smothers the insect and so is best applied when the scale have settled as whitecaps.
Oil softens skin and can lead to skin breakdown as well as softening of the cast.
Oil soothes the bones that are weary from making a difficult decision.
Oil spills on land are from oil wells, oil transport trucks and pipelines.
Oil spills smother plants and animals, preventing respiration.
Oil sprinkling at regular frequency is an effective measure to control the dust level.
Oil squeezed from filter is deposited directly into the tank avoiding spills.
Oil stains the concrete parking pad, and trashed appliances lean against the house's back wall.
Oil stains the equipment.
Oil starts out a bit on the basic side and gets more acid over time.
Oil starts to seep from the back side of the beans.
Oil stays on the top of the water.
Oil steaks across Herring Bay with the peaks of Knight Island in the background.
Oil still accounts for more than half of Arab deliveries to Germany.
Oil still dominates the economy and the community but it is no longer a boomtown.
Oil still gurgles from the ship's bowels, creating small, rainbow-colored puddles on the surface.
Oil still is relatively cheap.
Oil still is the most important source of energy for the European economies.
Oil still makes up a good part of the state's economy.
Oil still plays a decisive role in lubricating and fuelling the economy.
Oil stranded on sandy shorelines often becomes mixed with sand and other sediments.
Oil tanned leathers are light, soft air-permeable and resistant to washing.
Oil tops lightly, if desired, for more crispness.
Oil traps the heat in the body, forcing the heat deeper into the skin.
Oil Try adding a drop or two of eucalyptus oil to the wash after filled with water.
Oil turns out to be very much like other commodities.
Oil typically builds up on the racing line, making things slippery.
Oil uses detergent additives to combat combustion by-products.
Oil virtually eliminates piston scuffing and ensures peak performance in two-cycle engines.
Oil weakens condoms.
Oil weakens the latex and can cause breakage.
Oil works on making the oil industry safer for everyone, including marine life.
Oil yields the best results in many box cake mixes.
Oils alleviate the nervous system by stimulating it sufficiently to restore balance and control.
Oils also are useful against powdery mildew.
Oils also can control some plant diseases, such as powdery mildew.
Oils also can stain some surfaces, particularly dark-colored house paints.
Oils also ensure that the lips stay moisturized.
Oils also prevent females from gluing eggs to leaves.
Oils are a mixture of triglycerides and free fatty acids.
Oils are A. liquid at room temperatures.
Oils are also great for self-anointing, with or without a specific purpose.
Oils are available as dormant oil, horticultural oil, or superior oil.
Oils are easy to set up and get natural colors and shapes down quickly.
Oils are even more unsaturated than margarine.
Oils are fats that are liquid at room temperature, like the vegetable oils used in cooking.
Oils are fats that are liquid at room temperature.
Oils are for external uses.
Oils are grapeseed, olive, and jojoba.
Oils are hydrophobic.
Oils are ideal for the beginning painter.
Oils are less likely to fade than markers.
Oils are like soaps in that they act through contact action and have no residual effects.
Oils are lipids that are liquid at room temperature.
Oils are liquid at room temperature and usually are polyunsaturated.
Oils are liquid at room temperatures.
Oils are more forgiving, since they have such a long open time.
Oils are more likely to come from plants and fats from animals.
Oils are more potent and longer lasting than alcohol based perfumes.
Oils are more toxic than hard fats such as tallow.
Oils are more viscous than water.
Oils are much easier to handle than fats.
Oils are noncorrosive to spray equipment.
Oils are nonpolar molecules.
Oils are one of the great classic media, and have dominated painting for five hundred years.
Oils are particularily good at reproducing the appearance of polished, reflective surfaces.
Oils are petroleum or plant based hydrocarbon chains which have insecticidal activity.
Oils are really very good values.
Oils are slippery, staining and often too intensifying for the strong sun rays in the islands.
Oils are the time honored medium of the masters.
Oils are thick, and parts of a bottle of infused oil can definitely be oxygen free.
Oils are to be avoided.
Oils are triglycerides.
Oils are usually dilutes in a carrier oil.
Oils are usually insoluble in water.
Oils are very concentrated substances and often work best when used sparingly.
Oils are virtually nonpoisonous to the applicator.
Oils break down during frying, and liquid fats break down faster than do solids.
Oils can be extremely effective when injected into baits, or used to marinate baits in.
Oils can cause pollution, especially water pollution, if released into the open.
Oils can directly or indirectly affect the body's physiological systems.
Oils can exhibit powerful effects in many ways.
Oils can go through as many as five separate levels of analysis before they are released.
Oils can make the rubber stretch and break.
Oils can provide a wide range of pest control without plant injury.
Oils can spread toxins and promote skin absorption.
Oils can stain or damage some materials and finishes.
Oils can take days to dry.
Oils can take weeks, even months, to dry.
Oils combine with proteins and salts while sugars caramelize and eventually carbonize.
Oils come from many different plants and from fish.
Oils come from seeds, berries, barks, petals, resins, roots, and other sources.
Oils come in amber vial with regular cap.
Oils come in varieties tailored to different application requirements.
Oils commonly used for margarine are corn, sunflower, safflower, soybean and canola.
Oils contain more free fatty acids and monoglycerides.
Oils containing phenol can cause an irritation or burning sensation.
Oils containing viscosity index improvers exhibit non-Newtonian flow.
Oils destroy latex and are harder to wash out of one's body.
Oils diffuse into the air from room and body temperature.
Oils distilled from older roots are darker, more viscous and have a characteristic musk-like odor.
Oils dry out and cause material to harden and fall out.
Oils emulsify better in warm water than in cold water, allowing less detergent to be used.
Oils evaporate at room temperature.
Oils floating on the surface of the bath can recontaminate parts as they are being removed.
Oils go rancid quickly, and that process is speeded up by exposure to air.
Oils have a high carbon and hydrogen content and are usually flammable and slippery.
Oils have lower melting points than fats, and are liquid at room temperature.
Oils have no residual activity but are less toxic than a broad-spectrum material.
Oils have no trans.
Oils help the body in many ways.
Oils impede aeration.
Oils kill by sealing off the air supply to the immature whiteflies.
Oils kill by smothering the scale.
Oils kill some beneficial insects and mites.
OILS limit raw oil, if recovering health.
Oils make particularly good lubricants.
Oils moisturize it.
Oils protect hair from the sun and can be lightly applied all over prior to sunning.
Oils resist gelling to provide excellent performance and protection in low temperatures.
Oils retain their acquired anti- rachitic power for months.
Oils smooth out the surface capillary waves and create a smoother surface.
Oils soothe hot spots, rashes and skin disorders.
Oils tend to be worked in thick paint with palette knife or fingers.
Oils too are pure fat.
Oils use after infestation has good to keep the aphids at bay Conqueror oil.
Oils used in some vaginal preparations can weaken latex condoms or diaphragms.
Oils Used oil is a valuable resource.
Oils vary in their potential to cause phytotoxicity.
Oils weaken condoms and can increase the risk of breakage.
Oils weather in different ways.
Oils work on the physical, emotional and spiritual levels.
Oils work primarily by covering and suffocating the pest organism.
Oil usually comes out of the ground as thick, black crude oil.
Oil usually is found underground, trapped in rocks.
Oil usually stays at the surface of salt water because it has a density that is less than seawater.
All oil is certified organic, too.
All oil is delivered to the point of storage by tank truck.
All oils are first cold pressed extra-virgin.
All oils are for external use only.
All oils are harmful if the liquid enters the lungs.
All oils are highly flammable.
All oils are no longer the same.
All oils are package in glass amber bottles with drop dispenser and instructions.
All oils are possible skin irritants.
All oils are specially prepared in our herb kitchen using only the highest quality herbs.
All oils are triglycerides.
All oils can be dangerous if misused or abused.
All oils come in many sizes.
All oils contain a mix of saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids.
All oils contain roughly the same amount of fat.
All oils contain the same number of calories per serving.
All oils degrade in response to heat, light, and oxygen.
All oils eventually change flavor when exposed to light, heat and air.
All oils reduce vata.
All oils used are rich in nutrients for the skin.
Any oil can go rancid if stored in the wrong way.
Any oil is likely to be at least a small and avoidable risk, so the less the better.
Any oil used in the manufacture of foodstuffs has to be traced back to the oil processor.
Any oil works.
Every oil has a viscosity index based on the slope of the temperature-viscosity curve.
Every oil is guaranteed to be pure, therapeutic, raw, holistic, free from pesticides and chemicals.
Every oil is made up of unique constituents.
Every oil requires a different amount of sodium hydroxide to fully saponify it.
Many oils are available in either refined or unrefined forms.
Many oils are in reality resins.
Many oils are liquid and gaseous hydrocarbons of geological origin.
Many oils are too strong to be directly inhaled.
Many oils commonly found in our kitchens work very well.
Many oils contain hydrocarbons called terpenes which can aid in kidney and liver detoxification.
Many oils deteriorate at high temperatures and form free radicals which are bad for our health.
Many oils evaporate quickly, creating unsafe fumes.
Many oils have a strong impact on our attitudes and reactions.
Many oils have natural antioxidant properties by being high in vitamin E, such as wheat germ oil.
More oil comes on shore after tremendous storms.
More oil ends up in the ocean from runoff than from tanker spills.
More oil enters coastal waters from street run-off than from tanker spills.
More oil enters the beach from urban run-off than from tanker spills.
More oil is produced that combines with the old skin cells to form a plug.
More oil makes it taste better.
More oil means cheaper gas.
More oil means more chances for oil spills.
More oils mean more sebum.
More oils means more spice.
Most oil affects marine life.
Most oil applies to skin.
Most oil causes pollution.
Most oil comes from products.
Most oil comes from sources.
Most oil contains antimicrobial lipids.
Most oil contains compounds.
Most oil contains lipids.
Most oil contains monomers.
Most oil creates conditions.
Most oil has aroma.
Most oil has benefits.
Most oil has floral aroma.
Most oil has functions.
Most oil has great values.
Most oil has health benefits.
Most oil has heart health benefits.
Most oil has many benefits.
Most oil has many health benefits.
Most oil has numerous benefits.
Most oil has potential benefits.
Most oil has purposes.
Most oil has quality.
Most oil has superior quality.
Most oil has values.
Most oil has woody aroma.
Most oil helps growth.
Most oil holds benefits.
Most oil holds many benefits.
Most oil holds medical benefits.
Most oil improves metabolism.
Most oil improves performance.
Most oil is believed to have formed from plant material uprooted and buried by the flood.
Most oil is found in clastic rocks.
Most oil kills marine mammals.
Most oil offers benefits.
Most oil offers certain benefits.
Most oil offers certain health benefits.
Most oil offers health benefits.
Most oil plays big roles.
Most oil plays major roles.
Most oil plays roles.
Most oil plays vital roles.
Most oil producing areas seem to be to the south and east.
Most oil provides benefits.
Most oil provides energy.
Most oil provides health benefits.
Most oil provides numerous benefits.
Most oil provides secondary benefits.
Most oils are food or industrial grade.
Most oils are high in monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fats.
Most oils are mixed with natural essential oils.
Most oils are mixtures of many different compounds, most of which are hydrocarbons.
Most oils have a specific gravity of less than one.
Most oils show a harvest date or an expiration date.
Most oils used as herbicides are by-products of petroleum.
Most oils work well when diffused.
Much oil occurs in traps in the North Sea.
Some oil absorbs nitrogen.
Some oil acts as barriers.
Some oil acts as lymphatic stimulants.
Some oil acts as poison.
Some oil acts as stimulants.
Some oil attracts bees.
Some oil attracts cats.
Some oil causes defects.
Some oil causes diseases.
Some oil causes eye irritation.
Some oil causes heart defects.
Some oil causes heart diseases.
Some oil causes irritation.
Some oil combines with gases.
Some oil combines with hydrogen gases.
Some oil comes from crops.
Some oil comes from fruit.
Some oil comes from geranium plants.
Some oil comes from kernels.
Some oil comes from leaves.
Some oil comes from Mexico also.
Some oil comes from oil palms.
Some oil comes from palms.
Some oil comes from plants.
Some oil comes from seeds.
Some oil consists of acid.
Some oil contains acid.
Some oil contains combustion.
Some oil contains fatty acid.
Some oil contains free fatty acid.
Some oil contains herbs.
Some oil contains hydrogen.
Some oil contains materials.
Some oil contains matter.
Some oil contains medium chain triglyceride.
Some oil contains triglyceride.
Some oil contains vitamins.
Some oil creates barriers.
Some oil creates effects.
Some oil derives from algas.
Some oil enters marine environments.
Some oil finds in fatty fish.
Some oil finds in fish.
Some oil flows into rivers.
Some oil has actions.
Some oil has activities.
Some oil has adverse effects.
Some oil has anti fungal properties.
Some oil has antibacterial actions.
Some oil has antibacterial activities.
Some oil has antibacterial properties.
Some oil has antimicrobial properties.
Some oil has applications.
Some oil has bases.
Some oil has bottoms.
Some oil has calories.
Some oil has consistent viscosity.
Some oil has different refractive indexes.
Some oil has effects.
Some oil has fungal properties.
Some oil has grain.
Some oil has health.
Some oil has impact.
Some oil has indexes.
Some oil has inflammation.
Some oil has levels.
Some oil has little effects.
Some oil has magnesium.
Some oil has musk odor.
Some oil has odor.
Some oil has properties.
Some oil has refractive indexes.
Some oil has remarkable effects.
Some oil has same refractive indexes.
Some oil has side effects.
Some oil has viscosity.
Some oil helps anxiety.
Some oil helps children.
Some oil helps cholesterol.
Some oil helps harmful cholesterol.
Some oil helps irritation.
Some oil helps lower cholesterol.
Some oil helps lower harmful cholesterol.
Some oil helps situations.
Some oil helps water.
Some oil holds compounds.
Some oil improves appearances.
Some oil improves brain functions.
Some oil improves digestion.
Some oil improves functions.
Some oil improves health.
Some oil improves symptoms.
Some oil includes benzene.
Some oil is entrained, slowly, from truly non-hardening oil.
Some oil is produced by follicles.
Some oil is produced by hair follicles.
Some oil is produced by human follicles.
Some oil is produced by human hair follicles.
Some oil is secreted by glands.
Some oil kills termites.
Some oil lies below the ocean floor and can seep into the ocean through cracks.
Some oil maintains health.
Some oil mixes with juice.
Some oil mixes with sand.
Some oil obtains from fruit.
Some oil obtains from seeds.
Some oil produces assets.
Some oil produces effects.
Some oil promotes bowel movement.
Some oil promotes emotional wellnesses.
Some oil protects humans.
Some oil provides food.
Some oil provides nutrients.
Some oil provides sufficient nutrients.
Some oil reaches coasts.
Some oil reaches shores.
Some oil reduces blood pressure.
Some oil reduces high blood pressure.
Some oil reduces high pressure.
Some oil reduces motility.
Some oil regulates production.
Some oil requires energy.
Some oil solves problems.
Some oil threatens animals.
Some oil uses for headaches.
Some oil uses for meals.
Some oils are activating, others soothe and calm, and still others fight workout odors.
Some oils are made from plants and used in foods and for cooking.
Some oils are photosensitive.
Some oils are subtle and flowery, others intense and fruity.
Some oils are toxic if swallowed neat.
Some oils are toxic in large amounts.
Some oils are toxic or can induce undesirable neurological effects.
Some oils are toxic to fish, plants or other organisms.
Some oils benefit several systems of the body simultaneously.
Some oils can be harmful when used inappropriately.
Some oils can cause sensitization or allergic reactions in some individuals.
Some oils contain a lot of one isomer and other oils a lot of the opposite isomer.
Some oils contain additives which form a sludge when mixed with water and detergent.
Some oils couldn' t even complete the test due to engine seizure.
Some oils fall into both categories.
Some oils gunk up valves.
Some oils have a much higher rate of volatility that others.
Some oils have a relaxing, exciting and calming effect sometimes.
Some oils have petroleum-based solvents added, which can be very toxic.
Some oils uplift the spirits while others relax or calm.
An oilbird is a bird
Oilbirds are a gregarious lot, nesting on ledges along the darkened walls of caves.
Oilbirds are also the only nocturnal, fruit-eating birds.
Oilbirds are nocturnal and inhabit caves.
Oilbirds use echolocation to reach their nests, which are located deep within caves.
Oiled hair retains the dust better than dry hair.
Oiled seabirds die before being captured.
An oiler is a well
Oilers are oil tankers.
Oilers are way faster.
Oilers are workers.
Oilers rule the hockey world.
Oilers take the points in Buffalo.
Oilers win big.
Oilers work with the engineers.
Most oilfield workers have residences elsewhere in Alaska or the continental United States.
Oilheat equipment is modern, clean burning and efficient.
Oiling patterns dictate the style and type of bowler who has the advantage.
An oilman is a businessman
Oilmen prefer winter.
Oilseed diversification can boost productivity.
All oilseed production is eligible.
An oilseed is a seed
Oilseeds also tend to be higher value.
Oilseeds are another crop of interest.
Oilseeds are seeds.
Oilseeds contain medicinal compounds that affect many organs of the human body.
Oilseeds tend to have a more constant amino acid composition.
An oilskin is a waterproof
Oilskin is a cloth made waterproof with an oil treatment, and new garments often smell.
Some oily coats help pandas.
Some oily compounds produce heat.
Oily exhaust can ruin a catalytic converter.
Oily fabrics can spontaneously combust and start a fire that can spread to the house.
Oily fish are a great source of phosphorus too, a key mineral in strengthening the bone matrix.
Oily fish are also rich in zinc, which helps prevent prostrate cancer in older men.
Oily fish can help ward off cancer.
Oily fish is rich in protein, which provides amino acids.
Some oily fish are popular again.
Oily foods tend to produce harmful chemicals in the body and hence result in skin pigmentation.
Oily fossils provide clues to the evolution of flowers .
Oily hair hates surfactants - Stay away from shampoos for oily hair.
Oily hair is actually very healthy hair.
Oily hair is such a negative feedback process.
Oily hair needs to be treated with gentle care.
Oily liquids lubricate eyes.
Some oily liquids are produced by glands.
Some oily liquids come out of anal glands.
Some oily liquids come out of glands.
Oily material is concentrated in the upper layer, while water is separated on the bottom.
Oily rags are located in garages.
Oily rags are spontaneously combustible.
Oily secretion acts as lubricants.
Oily skin can be hereditary, which increases the sensitivity of the skin to hormonal changes.
Oily skin can be overly porous.
Oily skin can become dry, dry skin can become oily.
Oily skin Demonstrate the procedures for the oily skin facial.
Oily skin does keep a lipid or oily film over the face, which does keep it moisturized and supple.
Oily skin feels very oily.
Oily skin gives pimples, acne, blackheads and their body odor becomes stronger.
Oily skin holds scents much more than dry skin.
Oily skin is a common problem in patients suffering from acne .
Oily skin is also a problem for some.
Oily skin is also the largest contibuter towards acne.
Oily skin is caused by overactivity of the sebaceous glands.
Oily skin is characterized by shininess, pimples and blemishes.
Oily skin is most common among teenagers.
Oily skin is prone to breakouts of spots and the pores tend to be more visible.
Oily skin is the main cause of pimples.
Oily skin is typified by shininess, blemishes and pimples .
Oily skin needs a little extra help.
Oily skin reacts well to horsetail , which helps reduce the oil flow.
Oily skin requires a stronger soap or a rinsable cleanser specifically for oily skin.
Oily skin tends to attract dirt and dust more readily than dry skin.
Oily skin tends to be thick and resilient, while dry skin can be thin and sensitive.
Oily skin wrinkles less.
Oily sludge is slow to resolve.
Oily soil is found in trench.
Oily substance covers the feathers and prevents soaking of the skin.
Oily substances are produced by skin.
Oily substances found near the joints where the hoses meet parts indicate a leak.
Most oily substances are produced by skin.
Some oily substances contain acid.
Some oily substances contain fatty acid.
Oily water is to be collected in the large buckets for proper disposal.
Ointment is instrumentation
Ointment is located in jars.
Ointment is remedies.
Ointments are a way of applying herbal remedies so that they can be absorbed through the skin.
Ointments are generally preferable in dry, brittle, fissured, scaly, or hyperkeratinized skin areas.
Ointments are most appropriate when the skin needs lubrication or moisture.
Ointments are most effective.
Ointments are pointless, because they only treat the surface.
Ointments are too greasy for many active people, compliance is bad, and improvement underwhelming.
Ointments are unnecessary unless wound is extremely dirty.
Ointments are usually like petrolatum, since most have an oily base.
Ointments are very useful particularly for chronic, dry skin lesions.
Ointments can also be messy and unattractive.
Ointments can heal or bring relief to certain local infections.
Ointments can help mild cases.
Ointments can sometimes be helpful.
Ointments containing zinc oxide or hydrocortisone work well for jock itch brought on by chafing.
Ointments generally leave an oily residue on the applied surface for a longer time than creams.
Ointments help prevent infection.
Ointments salve the day .
Ointments stay in the eye longer than drops so are usually applied less often.
Ointments work best at night when it s impractical to keep getting up and applying tears.
OIR graphics generates a multitude of charts, graphs, maps, signs and display items.
OISE parking is in middle of block, on left.
OISE parking is in middle of the block, on the left.
OISS advisers are available only by appointment.
OISS programs contribute to intercultural learning and understanding on campus and throughout Iowa.
OISS staff lack the required knowledge and training.
Ojito soils are moderately deep to bedrock.
OK button accepts the data in the current form.
OK button Closes the screen and continues to run program.
OK button Closes the screen.
OK button is gone.
OK button is pushed.
OK controls clunky at first but better with experince with the game.
OK engines stop.
Ok indices are measures of income movement.
OK ladies listen up.
Ok lets begin.
Ok lets bring in the detail.
OK lets build a kaleidoscope.
Ok lets come up with some suggested wording.
Ok lets face it, breeding Zebra Finches is easy.
Ok lets fix that next.
OK lets get on with it.
Ok lets get right to the point.
Ok lets get serious again.
Ok lets get some news going.
Ok lets go on with the treatment please.
OK lets go one step further.
Ok lets have a look at how they work. . .
OK lets keep going.
Ok lets make the knot.
Ok lets move a head.
OK lets move on to what to try first.
OK lets see if that is possible.
OK lets see the plays.
OK lets start off simple.
Ok lets start off with the problem.
Ok lets start with a complete breakdown.
Ok lets start with everybodys first worry search engines.
Ok lets start with some gentle questions.
Ok lets start.
OK marines image intensifiers on.
All OK vehicles come with a free warranty valid for one year.
Okanagan hotels are the perfect destination any time of year.
Okapi calves weigh about lbs.
Most okapi calves weigh about lbs.
Okapi isa giraffe.
Okapi prefers dense and damp vegetation, so it inhabits rainforests.
Okapis eat grass.
Okapis eat leaves.
Okapis eat mature leaves.
Okapis feed upon leaves.
Okapis has-part skin.
Okapis have (part) brains.
Okapis have (part) breasts.
Okapis have (part) cannon bones.
Okapis have (part) cell membranes.
Okapis have (part) cells.
Okapis have (part) chest cavities.
Okapis have (part) chests.
Okapis have (part) corpi.
Okapis have (part) cytoplasm.
Okapis have (part) ears.
Okapis have (part) faces.
Okapis have (part) heads.
Okapis have (part) hip sockets.
Okapis have (part) hoofs.
Okapis have (part) nuclei.
Okapis have (part) piluses.
Okapis have (part) plasma membranes.
Okapis have (part) rib cages.
Okapis have (part) second stomachs.
Okapis have (part) sections.
Okapis have (part) skulls.
Okapis have (part) sterna.
Okapis have (part) vacuoles.
Okapis have babies.
Okapis have brown fur.
Okapis have ears.
Okapis have fur.
Okapis have glands.
Okapis have heads.
Okapis have legs.
Okapis have long necks.
Okapis have necks.
Okapis have prehensile tongues.
Okapis have reddish fur.
Okapis have senses.
Okapis have skin.
Okapis have tongues.
Okapis have velvety fur.
Okapis inhabit regions.
Okapis live for years.
Okapis live in Africa.
Okapis prefer dense rainforests.
Okapis prefer dense tropical rainforests.
Okapis prefer rainforests.
Okapis prefer tropical rainforests.
Okapis to digest food.
Okapis use different methods.
Okapis use methods.
Okapis use prehensile tongues.
Okapis use tongues.
Okay button is enabled.
Okay foods are meats, margarine, cheese, and chicken.
Okay lets accept the premise.
Okay lets examine the options.
Okay lets get the samples and go.
Okay lets go back to our sixties music website.
Okay lets go back to the free gift.
Okay lets go out into the yard and see what is growing.
Okay lets hold the description right there.
Okay lets make the sun go nova.
Okay lets run with it and see what happens.
Okay lets start.
Okay lets type a few more symbols.
Okay man lets get real.
Okay squares mean just that.
Okay time is a-wasting.
Okazaki fragments are the fragments of DNA which are made discontinuously.
Okazaki fragments form on both strands of the DNA at the replication fork.
Okefenokee waters run deep.
Okinawa food is no good.
Okinawa prefecture occupies small islands between Kyushu and Taiwan.
Okinawan authorities are hard on narcotics offenders.
Okinawan people live with the constant fear of air crashes.
Okinawan pronunciation is considered rural and ethnic.
Okinawan rock is a type that fractures along straight lines.
Okinawan society is vertical.
Oklahoma is part of America.
Oklahoma isa thing.
Okmok caldera is visible in the distance.
Okoboji soils are noncalcareous.
Okra cultivars differ for height, pod color, prominence of pod ridges and presence of spines.
Okra fields look very good.
Okra harvesting continues with good quality available.
Okra harvesting remains active with good quality available.
Okra plants are a bright and decorative addition to any asparagus garden.
Okra pods are green and ridged.
Okra pods are ready for harvest four to seven days after the flower opens.
Okra seed are naturally hard seeded.
Okra seed remain viable for up to five years.
Okra seeds are relatively large and easy to handle.
An okra is a herb
Okra tends to respond to a high phosphate fertilizer.
Okras are fruit.
Okras are herbs.
Okras are part of okras.
Okras are plants.
Okras are pods.
Okras are vegetables.
Okras have tremendous influence.
Okras tend to get tougher as they get bigger.
Oktoberfest chefs prepare German sausage sandwiches.
Olaa soils have a fragmental control section.
OLAB participants are students with an interest in the market economy and the workings of business.
OLC answers is a database of answers to commonly asked questions and general information.
Old accounts are closed and new account books worshiped.
Old accounts recorded in books describe a very transient shoreline in the region.
Old acquaintances mix and catch up on the year s news and activity.
Old acquaintances rekindle friendships and many new friends are made here year after year.
Old actresses appear in films.
Most old actresses appear in films.
Old addresses plug up the exchange.
Old adhesives require removal.
Old adobe ruins and a cemetery.
Old adults appear normal.
Old advertisements can bring back memories long forgotten of a first car or favorite childhood toy.
Old affairs are past.
An old age is a period
Old age appears to be a risk factor.
Old age becomes anomalous.
Old age brings certain physical changes as a normal aspect of aging.
Old age brings future shock.
Old age brings losses and diminishment.
Old age CAN be a difficult trial.
Old age can be fun.
Old age can bring about roughness, fine wrinkling, and looseness of the skin.
Old age comes at a bad time.
Old age comes before one has time to heave a sigh.
Old age comes hard and mean sometimes.
Old age does exactly that, although it is caused by no germ or virus.
Old age enjoys the hour with peaceful smiles.
Old age exposes all the faults, habits, obnoxious characteristics, and degeneracy of soul.
Old age finds itself out of phase with the younger generations of children and grandchildren.
Old age happens to all who survive long enough.
Old age happens.
Old age has a great sense of calm and riches.
Old age has lots of problems.
Old age has many difficulties.
Old age holds out promises as well as threats.
Old age impairs the beauty of our bodies.
Old age involves so much suffering.
Old age is a benefit.
Old age is a dangerous period.
Old age is a disease that ought to be easier to cure than the freezing damage.
Old age is a flight of small cheeping birds skimming bare trees above a snow glaze.
Old age is a new frontier.
Old age is a problem.
Old age is a shipwreck.
Old age is a spectator sport.
Old age is a thief.
Old age is a time of losses and loneliness, and loneliness is no respecter of income.
Old age is a time of reflection, of recalling the events of a lifetime.
Old age is a time to treasure.
Old age is also a tribal situation.
Old age is always wakeful.
Old age is an incurable disease.
Old age is an insult.
Old age is at once the most certain, and for many people the most tragic of all hazards.
Old age is better than the alternative.
Old age is cherished as time to work toward salvation.
Old age is contagious.
Old age is everywhere.
Old age is given as the immediate cause of death.
Old age is less than two decades away, bringing eventual sickness and death.
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm.
Old age is like a sinking ship but one that sinks very slowly.
Old age is like an opium dream.
Old age is like birds in the winter.
Old age is like climbing a mountain.
Old age is like everything else.
Old age is made more pleasant with everything society has to offer.
Old age is marked by a very low gradient in extremely broad, gently sloping valleys.
Old age is misery.
Old age is no barrier for successfully treating depression.
Old age is no place for sissies.
Old age is now a moving threshold.
Old age is regarded as a liability to the physical component of the human being.
Old age is represented in several groups.
Old age is simply a solidification of the tissues, all of which become hard, dry and brittle.
Old age is something that happens to other people.
Old age is still full of vitality.
Old age is the antechamber of death.
Old age is the cause of sickness, and sickness is the cause of death.
Old age is the most frequent cause.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that happen to a man.
Old age is the most unexpected of all the things that happens to a man.
Old age is the third stage in life when short hair is socially suitable to women.
Old age is very uncool among teenagers.
Old age is viewed as a time of losses in intellect, health, wisdom, etc.
Old age is viewed as irreversible decay, decrepitude and loss of mental powers.
Old age is when it takes longer to rest than to get tired.
Old age is when work is a lot less fun-and fun a lot more work.
Old age lies ahead.
Old age lives on rumble strips.
Old age means loss of physical power and is fatal to active leadership.
Old age passes away by thinking over many past things.
Old age refines people into something more pure and exquisite.
Old age seems to accentuate the deficiency.
Old age takes a clear stand.
Old ages cause balds.
Old agendas are available upon request.
Most old AIs are still open, but progress is being made.
Old aircraft require constant mechanical vigilance to manage the risk.
Old aircraft use much more fuel per passenger-km than new aircraft of similar size.
Old alliances established as security against the threat are in question.
Old animals appear more vulnerable than young animals.
Old animals become totally black .
Old animals die and are removed.
Old announcements are available.
Old announcements are in the news archive .
Old antifreeze is neutralized through a special process and sent to a wastewater treatment facility.
Old approaches focus on punishing the weak willed.
Old arguments are the ugliest kind.
All old articles are also in the new system.
Many old artifacts are on the walls, all having to do with the sea.
Old associations exist in each country.
Old assumptions are irrelevant and resources markedly less.
Old assumptions are no longer valid.
Old attitudes die hard.
Some old aunts leave houses.
Some old authors say that it is called so, because it contains sixty-four chapters.
Some old authorities recommend mixing the juice with cream.
Old aversions are very hard to overcome.
Old baggage contains many interesting tales.
Old baggage includes getting tied with existing organizational models and distribution channels.
Some old baggage needs to be relocated to the old era and buried there.
Old banknotes are still in circulation, and are worth one-thousandth of their face value.
Old barns are a delightful sight.
Many old barns are still in use .
Old barriers have to be lifted and new orders observed.
Old barriers topple.
Old baskets can hold books, magazines, paperwork or personal care accessories.
Old bathrobes come in handy for both wizard clothing and royal robes.
Old batteries can also benefit from the break-in process.
Old batteries can lose as much as half their power when accessories are used during cold weather.
Old battlegrounds seem like places frozen in time and space.
Any old bean tastes fine when cooked with coconut, chilies, and curry leaf.
Old beer is made with a top-fermenting yeast, and is the original type of beer brewed in Australia.
Old beetles fweem.
Some old beggars explain gondoliers.
Old behaviors are easy to fall into.
Old beliefs die hard.
Old bell chimes in house clock tower with original slate roof.
Old betrayals have a tendency to come back to bite the betrayers.
Old biases become largely irrelevant on the Internet.
Most old Bibles have more sentimental than monetary value.
Old bikes are nearly worthless in the United States.
Old birds are generally immune as a result of prior infection.
Old birds have darker, hard- skinned legs, brittle breastbones and inflexible beaks.
Old birds have darker, hard-skinned legs, brittle breastbones and inflexible beaks.
Old blankets work great also.
Some old blankets cover back seats.
Some old blankets cover seats.
Old blood is broken down, by the liver, into bilirubin, a yellowish pigment.
Old blood looks brwon.
Old blooms fall to the ground.
Old board is still accessible.
Old boards can come in handy.
Old boats can retain their original number.
Many old boats are suitable for conversion.
Old bonds break and new bonds form when chemicals react.
Old bone is broken down and new bone is made in a process called bone turnover.
Old bone is removed and new bone is added all the time.
Old bone is removed and new bone is being laid down.
Old bone is removed and new bone is built to replace the old.
Old bone is replaced by new bone all the time.
Old bones tell many stories.
Old books are a graveyard of prophesied futures that never came to pass.
Old books are holy.
Old books are located in attics.
Old books are located in trunks.
Old books are made of vellums.
Old books are the best.
Old books are windows on truth.
Old books can be even better when they're revised to assess their prophecies and sage advice.
Old books can be indecent books, Though recent books are bolder.
Old books can be just as entertaining.
Old books can be profitable reading, profitable selling.
Old books can remain in extremely good condition if they have been stored carefully.
Old books remain unexpectedly vibrant.
Old books require some extra work before they can be recycled.
Old books seem quaint and naive - harbingers of an earlier simpler time.
Many old books have the original owners name and details in the front cover.
Some old books have thick pages with tissues in between, and there are etchings in others.
Old bookmarks are a common problem.
Old boomerangs are hard to throw away.
Old bottles are highly prized.
Old bottles can also pose a significant hazard to both lab personnel and others.
Old bottles line the high windows, glass soldiers scanning the busy street.
Old boundaries give way to new frontiers.
Old boundaries shift and dissolve, creating many kinds of openness.
Old boys are alumnuses.
Old boys are men.
Old boys are oldsters.
Old boys are role models and a source of inspiration to present pupils to strive towards success.
Old boys die after time.
Old boys find fingers.
Old boys go to big workshop in the sky.
Old boys have front teeth.
Old boys have rotten teeth.
Old boys have teeth.
Old boys live in houses.
Old boys undergo treatments.
Old boys visit dentists.
Most old boys die after time.
Most old boys find fingers.
Most old boys have front teeth.
Most old boys have teeth.
Most old boys live in houses.
Most old boys undergo treatments.
Most old boys visit dentists.
Some old boys are killed by dingos.
Some old boys die after dentists.
Some old boys die from tetanus.
Some old boys die of diabetes.
Some old boys die of disorder.
Some old boys die of eat disorder.
Some old boys go into comas.
Some old boys go to neighbors.
Some old boys have cavities.
Some old boys participate in arm robberies.
Some old boys participate in robberies.
Some old boys start fire.
Old boyfriends think they know but are wrong.
Old brains can learn new language tricks.
Old brains can learn new tricks.
Old brakes are inferior to modern brakes.
Old brands do eventually go stale, and can collapse if people discover new ones.
Old brands have a powerful nostalgic lure that can inspire young American entrepreneurs.
Old brick arches along one side of the rooftop provide an artful backdrop.
Old brick has a resale value allowing easy recycling.
Old brick is often softer than modern brick and the mortar used has to be appropriate for the brick.
Old brick is visible on all sides of the work space interior.
Old bricks are still in the soil.
Old bricks make a nice walkway.
Some old brothers commit suicide.
Old brotherhoods are smaller, but still continue to function.
Old browsers are still out there, in large numbers, often for good reasons.
Old browsers cause new problems.
Old browsers have problems with colour and the UK pound sign.
Many old browsers have security holes which are fixed in the new versions.
Old building has no elevator and no suites on the first floor.
Old buildings are every bit as important as postage stamps.
Old buildings are no exception.
Old buildings are potentially dangerous.
Old buildings become obsolete and expensive to remodel or demolish.
Old buildings can become treasures upon themselves and they can be a good setting for a museum.
Old buildings close together.
Old buildings find ever new functions, and architects specialize in renovation.
Old buildings find new residential and commercial life on the site of an industrial graveyard.
Old buildings have a certain aura.
Old buildings have a lot of charm but their plumbing sucks.
Old buildings make odd noises.
Old buildings mix with new to form a vibrant and exciting atmosphere.
Old buildings provide needed housing and industrial and commercial space.
Any old building has dirt and smells.
Many old building remain in South America from the time of the spaniards.
Many old buildings border the place.
Many old buildings survive, making some parts of the city quite picturesque.
Some old buildings have to be demolished.
Old bulls are solitary, whereas young males usually rule a group of females with their progeny.
Old bulls are solitary.
Old bulls are usually solitary or with one or two other bulls.
Old bulls do it for advertising.
Old bulls have whitish circles around their eyes.
Old bulls protect calves.
Old bulls tend to become smelly as a result of the secretions of the subcutaneous oil glands.
Most old bulls protect calves.
Some old bulls have tusks.
Old buses become classrooms for job skills training.
Old bushings wear out, and create undesirable slop.
Old business is quite often more controversial than other business.
Old business refers to three possible items.
Some old businessmen are beat to death.
Many old cabins remain with the huge five-story hotel and boardinghouse the main point of interest.
Old cables provide assistance.
Old cadets say they are more stringent now than they have ever been before.
Old calves weigh pounds.
Most old calves weigh pounds.
Some old calves explore habitats.
Old cameras are also on display.
Old cans are particularly popular.
Old canes become less productive and produce fewer and smaller blooms.
Old caps line the top of the windows and outgrown equipment like helmets and pads decorate surfaces.
Some old capacitors are even dangerous.
Old cars are also witnesses to history.
Old cars are cars.
Old cars are located in streets.
Old cars are polluters.
Old cars break down more often than new ones, and the same is true for people.
Old cars drip oil.
Old carpet ends up in landfills-an indestructible, potentially hazardous waste.
Old carpet is ideal for covering jagged edges and poking root stubs.
Old cases disappear, only to have new ones take their place.
Old cats are best.
Old cats are more likely to have mouth disease.
Old catalogues show that it was there in the fifteenth century.
Old celery is also more whitish in color and becomes hollow in the middle.
Old cells detach more rapidly uncovering smoother, finer textured, and more supple skin.
Old cells have short telomeres.
Old cemeteries represent an important heritage resource worldwide.
Old chairs are another favorite item in dumpsters.
Old chairlifts are small and slow.
Old characters do come back but the main characters are always new.
Old characters welcome.
Some old characters die, while new ones are introduced.
Old chestnuts take on a new meaning when performed in a light-hearted, live setting.
Old children experience growth.
Old children experience tremendous growth.
Most old children experience tremendous growth.
Some old children have issues.
Old chile can cause botulism which can be deadly.
Old chips don t die.
Old chips get second lives in electronic toys.
Many old churches are also very interesting places.
Some old churches get a second life.
Old city contains mosques, a thriving Chaldean church, and a small Jewish quarter.
Old City has some emerging boutiques from local, as well as international merchandisers.
Old City is hip and happening, and last night was no different.
Old City is the nexus of the arts community.
Some old classmates run companies.
Some old classmates run theatre companies.
Old clients pay the old rate.
Old clocks tick gently throughout the house.
Many old clocks feature a simple date, and often moon phase indicator.
Old clones decline in vigor, but periodic fires initiate vigorous sprouting and regrowth.
Old clothing are located in trash.
Old clothing are located in trunks.
All old coaches don t fade away and become coaches in the stands.
Old code is protected by continuing to support old interfaces, while implementing new ones.
Old colleagues drag the past into the present, including a murder on the New Hampshire campus.
Old college roommates, adoptees, and distant relatives can all find each other online.
Old combs appear to stimulate fungal growth.
Old combs are sinks for everything from bacterial spores to heavy metals.
Old companies fall and new companies emerge with each new technological innovation.
Old companies have higher credibility.
Old companies struggle to keep employees as entire departments flee to dot-coms.
Old computers are located in trash.
Old computers are still valuable.
Old computers have a wealth of things, starting with the case, which can be reused as a project box.
Old computers make pretty good print servers too.
Most old computers have little resale value, but they can be useful in the right hands.
Old concepts die hard.
Old concepts rule the new world, irrespective of the danger.
Old concertinas come with steel reeds most commonly, or brass reeds.
Old condoms are more prone to break.
Old condoms can be dry, brittle or weakened and can break more easily.
Old cones rise out of the sea along the coast and the sand is black.
Old configuration is replaced by new configuration.
Old conflicts die hard.
Old conflicts resurface, new conflicts emerge.
Old constructors are obsolete.
Old contacts re-appear with good news.
Old content has substantial value.
Old contents are still here.
All old content is still here, and some useful new areas have been added.
Old cop meets young cop to catch killer.
Old copper leads flowing water to the one in control.
Old corns become painful.
Old cottages add their allure.
An old country is a native land
Old countries Fill the eyes and mouths Of fools With dust.
Old couples complain.
Old couples have special needs.
Old courthouse is torn down.
Some old cousins are diagnosed with cancer.
Old cows have eyes.
Old cows lead calves.
Old cows lead cow calves.
Old cows produce calves.
Most old cows have eyes.
Most old cows lead cow calves.
Most old cows produce calves.
Old crockery sits on the shelves.
Many old crowns have enamel ornamentations.
Old crust is destroyed by returning to the asthenosphere at convergent boundaries.
Old crust is destroyed in ocean trenches and along some continental edges.
Old crust is destroyed where plates collide as it subducts back into the Earth's interior.
Old cultures die hard.
Old cultures get increasingly less reliable, and mixed cultures are especially troublesome.
Old customs dictate that the dead are buried along with money and paddy rice.
Old customs die slowly, but surely.
Old customers are the keys to both.
Some old dads have rafts.
Old damage is characterized by browning of the damaged leaf surface.
Old dames is allus seein' somethin' nobody else sees.
Old data can be quite problematic from many perspectives.
Old data has to be acceptable.
Old data is left here to give an idea of what to expect next time.
Old data is lost unless it is saved to a file.
Old data is released, and the region automatically registers the new data.
Old data makes way for the new, often just reflecting the latest fad.
Old daughters attend private schools.
Old daughters attend schools.
Old daughters attend top private board schools.
Old daughters enjoy toys.
Most old daughters attend private schools.
Most old daughters attend schools.
Most old daughters attend top private board schools.
Most old daughters enjoy toys.
Some old daughters adopt diets.
Some old daughters bring goldfishes.
Some old daughters catch american toads.
Some old daughters catch toads.
Some old daughters die from allergic reaction.
Some old daughters die from reaction.
Some old daughters draw grave markers.
Some old daughters draw markers.
Some old daughters draw stone markers.
Some old daughters have infection.
Some old daughters have tract infection.
Some old daughters have urinary infection.
Some old daughters learn trapezes.
Some old daughters lose grandads.
Old definitions become redefined, and uncomfortable feelings give way to creativity and hope.
Old deposits are on the bottom of the stack and young deposits are at the top.
Old design is sold out.
Old designs are continuously under pressure from competition to improve performance.
Old designs become obsolete very quickly.
Old desires fade away and are replaced by new feelings of compassion and kindness.
Old diaries are a great sources of information.
Old documents are very difficult to read and copies of microfilm are even more so.
Most old documentation is hand written in quill pen and quite fragile.
Some old documentation is available.
Old dogs appreciate quiet times and gentle touch more than the younguns.
Old dogs are difficult to place in homes.
Old dogs are great.
Old dogs are worth taking care of.
Old dogs can even enjoy a period of retirement within the pack system.
Old dogs can learn new tricks, but it takes persistent effort and constant vigilance.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
Old dogs can teach new tricks.
Old dogs have new tricks.
Old dogs have the same capabilities to learn, and can actually learn faster than puppies.
Old dogs have tricks.
Most old dogs have new tricks.
Most old dogs have tricks.
Old doors add a subtle, artistic touch.
Old doors swing in a corner.
Old dorms offer a wide range of benefits for incoming first year students.
Old downtown has a nightly light show.
Old drapes go right on the trash pile too.
Old drivers drive new cars.
Some old drivers have no active maintainers.
Old drugs can spoil, lose their effects or even become more potent.
Old drywall is used as a soil amendment in citrus or chards.
Many old dumps contain chemical and metal wastes as well as household refuse.
Old dye gives baddd data.
Old economy meets new economy.
Old editions are of no value to either the wholesaler or the bookstore.
Old editions have no national value.
Old editions have no value.
Old eggs are smooth and shiny.
Some old elms survive today, but more succumb each year.
Old enemies are friends, friends are enemies, and war has been transformed.
Many old engines show signs of oil burning.
Old engineers use Fortran and random numbers for stones.
Old engravings show that the pit bull of that day actually had a long nose.
Old enmities die slowly.
Old enmities renew.
Old enmity is said to be the cause of killings.
Old enmity is stated to be the cause of the attack.
Old entries expire after a few days.
Old episodes play right after.
Many old episodes are now available on Rhino Home video, with more to come.
Old equipment adds to higher costs and the flight of capital to the periphery.
Old equipment is also much quieter when it is well maintained.
Old equipment is donated to non-profit organizations who request it.
Old equipment is located in drawers.
Old equipment is part of the problem.
Old equipment is replaced as needed.
Old etiquette is back.
Old exams are also available.
Old exams are another source of questions for the tests.
Old exams are available as a guide to exam preparation.
Old exams are available on the web.
Old examinations are also on file.
Old excesses remain.
Old eyes require a greater quantity of light than young eyes do for the same task.
Old eyes rest on rod.
Old facades are now home to stylish cafes, restaurants and boutique fashion stores.
Old factories are now galleries and concert halls.
Old factories pay more, state-owned factories pay higher rates, and big employers get a discount.
Many old falsehoods float back up from time to time.
Old fans have nothing to fear.
Old farmer make plants without no machine.
Some old farmers address newcomers.
Old farmsteads sit amidst the rolling green hills.
Old fathers open doors.
Old fathers open side doors.
Most old fathers open side doors.
Old favorites are back in the armory too, such as the cerebral bore.
Old favorites are there like the spring rolls and slightly modified vegan California rolls.
Old favorites come from our first two beginning farmer conferences.
Old favorites get fresh interpretations.
Old favorites seen again and futures shows take shape.
Old favourites are back, and new ventures are added.
Old favourites becomes like new, and the details are amasing.
Old fears come back like an army showing their helmeted heads in an attack mode.
Old fears die hard.
Old females have dark blotches on the back and plastron.
Old females have dark blotches on the back.
Old feminists hate young feminists.
Old fences drift vaguely among the trees.
Old fetuses complete development.
Old fibers are 'combed' rather than melted for recycling.
Old fields are in stages of reverting to forest.
Old fields offer scenic views and picnic sites.
Old fields powerlines cuts and distrubed areas.
Old files make excellent steels, and are frequently used for such.
Old files work well, too, - just be sure they are past their prime.
Old film shows loading logs and the mill.
Old films are worth an extra year of residency training.
Old filters can serve as an excellent indicator of engine condition.
Old finals have a number of good problems.
Old fish make up most of the population, and the population gets smaller every year.
Most old fixtures can use a cleanup, and now's the ideal time to do it.
Old flames are the best flames, after all.
Old floors have charm, which includes a few gaps and holes.
Old flower stems can persist for an extended period after senescence.
Old flower stems with flower head remnants usually persist for an extended period.
Old fluid contains particles which can plug and corrode the brake lines.
Old foliage begins to look shabby as new leaves come in.
Old foliage begins to looks shabby as new leaves come in.
Old folk live in Sarasota.
Old folks are everywhere.
Old folks are the kind of folks who smell like bananas.
Old folks are the one group who already benefit from a halfway decent system of social insurance.
Old folks dig it.
Old folks do it all the time.
Old folks experience a perception that time is passing rather quickly.
Old folks get a youth serum and go on the run from the military.
Old folks have ambitions and dreams, too, like everybody else.
Old folks have dreams and ambitions just like everyone else does.
Old folks laugh.
Old folks leaning on fence posts turn their heads.
Old folks love to laugh.
Old folks move back to Butte county.
Old folks recall the families they raised.
Old folks retire and move closer to their children, who moved away years ago.
Old folks sit on benches in public parks and watch the passers-by.
Old folks spend their time reading or praying.
Old folks stroll along the beach with boys and girls in love.
Old folks take an evening stroll along the beach.
Old folklore says that witches had the power to turn themselves into rabbits.
Old forests are full of limbs snapped, and logs laying in transition.
Old forests are very few.
Old forests have more stored carbon in the biomass than young forests.
Old forests stand tall and wildlife is often seen during a game of golf.
Old forms die and are resurrected into new ones.
Old forms die.
Old forms provide for only one witness.
Many old forms exclude certain types of equipment such as elevators and escalators, for example.
Old fossils solve mystery of earliest bird extinction .
Old frailties remain, notably the inconsistent serve and the dodgy forehand.
Old freezers pose additional problems.
Old frescoes adorn the area around the altar.
Old fridges can use twice as much energy as modern ones.
Old friend seeks information.
Old friends are best.
Old friends are cool.
Old friends are good friends.
Old friends are great.
Old friends are hard to slough off.
Old friends are like old shoes.
Old friends are located in meetings.
Old friends are now foes.
Old friends are the best friends, and the most delicious.
Old friends are wonderful, but they can also be a pain in the ass.
Old friends are wonderful.
Old friends ask for autographs.
Old friends become bitter enemies on a sudden for toys and small offenses.
Old friends catch up, taste the young wine and enjoy taking part in the traditions of the event.
Old friends come together after too many years apart.
Old friends drift apart.
Old friends gather for a shot.
Old friends have senses.
Old friends lie in new graves.
Old friends make appearances, as do old enemies.
Old friends meet again.
Old friends meet at last.
Old friends meet once a year for an afternoon of fine food and delightful entertainment.
Old friends meet to revisit their younger days together.
Old friends meet.
Old friends move out, new friends move in.
Old friends pass away, new friends appear.
Old friends post pictures.
Old friends reunite to stop a dangerous and powerful enemy bent on conquest.
Old friends rub heads.
Old friends sail into the harbor or arrive on our doorstep.
Old friends seem less enjoyable.
Old friends share highlights of the past year and new friendships are forged.
Old friends stay away, and there are no mirrors.
Old friends stop by to say hello and listen for a while in the shade.
Old friends struggle to raise their kids.
Old friends wound up competitors.
All old friends remain close.
All old friends welcome to respond with whereabouts and whatabouts.
Many old friends make appearances.
Most old friends have senses.
Most old friends post pictures.
Some old friends are diagnosed with cancer.
Some old friends are gone and some dead wood has finally been pruned.
Some old friends produce films.
Old friendships are complicated.
Old friendships are strained, and church members are shifting to and fro, seeking places to rest.
Old friendships continue and mature, and new exchanged are being welcomed by the councils.
Old fruit left on the plant drains energy.
Old fuel can become acidic and form sediments and varnish.
Old furs can become new garments .
Some old furnaces are very inefficient and waste almost half the energy they use.
Old furniture finds from antique stores and auctions work well also.
Old furniture is best and tattered furniture is even better.
Old furniture is brightened up with fabric or paint.
Old furniture is located in basements.
Old furniture is taken apart and the wood is used to make new furniture.
Old furniture makes an excellent home for bedbugs.
Old galls are a dark brown and usually have an exit hole.
Old galls are reddish-brown and have open cavities.
Old galls are reddish-brown and have several small, open cavities.
Old galls have a ridged and furrowed surface, are hard, and grayish in color.
Old games are old news.
Old gardeners remain young with each year's anticipation and surprises.
Old gardeners use hands.
Most old gardeners use hands.
Old gas left in the tank can gum up engine parts and cause all kinds of problems.
Old gasoline can become thick and gummy.
Old girls can have kids.
Old girls have baby teeth.
Old girls have teeth.
Old girls survive infection.
Most old girls can have kids.
Most old girls have baby teeth.
Most old girls have teeth.
Most old girls survive infection.
Some old girls are diagnosed with meningitis.
Some old girls commit suicide.
Some old girls die from infection.
Some old girls die in accidents.
Some old girls die in auto accidents.
Some old girls die of injuries.
Some old girls have cavities.
Some old girls suffer attacks.
Some old girls suffer from diseases.
Some old girls suffer from mysterious diseases.
Some old girls suffer heart attacks.
Some old girls suffer injuries.
Some old girls suffer severe injuries.
Some old girls suggest gods.
Some old girls undergo brain tumor surgery.
Some old girls undergo surgery.
Some old girls visit dentists.
Old girlfriend leaves memo.
Old glass is certainly recyclable.
Old glass is the worst.
Old goat comes to munch on some hay.
Old goats seem to have very little mercy for others.
Old gold is better than no gold at all.
Old gold is good gold and there are tons of old gold available.
Old gold is softer than modern, and links can wear through easily.
Old gold is yellow
Old gold is yellow.
Old Governments work towards their extinction.
Old granddaughters help dishes.
Most old granddaughters help dishes.
Some old granddaughters pass years.
Some old grandsons come to care.
Some old grandsons love firemen.
Old grannies come in and peck away at the keyboard - obviously without any grasp of a computer.
Old grievances damn the flow to new life, and forgiveness breaks the damn.
Old growth forests support wildlife and contribute to clean air.
Old growth is a relatively new, and admittedly fuzzy, concept.
Old growth is forests.
Old growth is more than just trees.
Old growth is the final stage in the forest cycle of growth and renewal.
Old growth is woods
Old growth provides a similar link with the natural world.
Old growth provides unique habitats.
Old growth sustains a richer variety of life than do managed forests or tree farms.
Old growth thins in the old country.
Old guy makes everything by hand.
Old guys do that a lot.
Old guys have a lot of money and brand equity and can provide the same or better service.
Old guys play lots of golf.
Old guys sit on benches.
Old guys understand teamwork and helping each other.
Most old guys sit on benches.
Some old guys lose that.
Old habit are hard to break.
Old habit die hard.
Old habits are hard to break - sometimes impossible.
Old habits are hard to break abruptly.
Old habits are hard to break but there is a changing environment concerning corruption.
Old habits are hard to break even in group situations.
Old habits are hard to break, and they require a vigilant effort to overcome.
Old habits are hard to break, especially good ones.
Old habits are hard to break, especially the bad ones.
Old habits are hard to break, so it takes time.
Old habits are hard to break.
Old habits are hard to change, and with change there is always uncertainty.
Old habits are hard to change.
Old habits are hard to kick.
Old habits are hard to kill off.
Old habits are more comfortable than new ones.
Old habits are our comfort zone, good or bad.
Old habits are resistant to change.
Old habits are so hard to change.
Old habits become a de facto barrier to change until they are unlearned.
Old habits Blame it on the elections.
Old habits can be hard to break.
Old habits can change, but they change slowly, and only with concerted effort by involved persons.
Old habits can die hard, but increased environmental awareness makes many choices easy.
Old habits come back.
Old habits die hard and new habits are even harder to jump start.
Old habits die hard as they continue to make jokes, comments, and humorous remarks.
Old habits die hard for family members, too .
Old habits die hard in both humans and organizations.
Old habits die hard in Northern Ireland.
Old habits die hard in Wales.
Old habits die hard, after all.
Old habits die hard, and it was just a reflex action.
Old habits die hard, and old perspectives can linger well beyond their period of usefulness.
Old habits die hard, and sometimes they never die at all.
Old habits die hard, and the left groups are very suspicious of each other.
Old habits die hard, and there are designers that still insist on using Web safe palettes.
Old habits die hard, but fewer men wanted to risk financial ruin by entering into a marriage.
Old habits die hard, but they can be replaced with good ones can last a lifetime.
Old habits die hard, especially under tight deadlines.
Old habits die hard, especially when they're in our genes.
Old habits die hard, even faced with the prospect of more pleasant ones.
Old habits die hard, however, and ingrained in human nature is the capacity for self-destruction.
Old habits die hard, however.
Old habits die hard, it seems, even for a reformed antiques junkie.
Old habits die hard, it seems.
Old habits die hard, so if a disabling message shows up, get in the habit of booting it out.
Old habits die hard, so start the thinking process now.
Old habits die hard, so they say.
Old habits die hard, their priest tells a reporter later.
Old habits die hard, though.
Old habits die hard.
Old habits die slow.
Old habits die slowly.
Old habits do die hard.
Old habits don t die, and the preconceptions of gender have reemerged in evolutionary psychology.
Old habits hang on.
Old habits take generations upon generations to disappear, if they disappear at all.
Old habits take time to disappear, and new ones time to become established.
Old habits tend to be hard to break.
Old habits tend to show up unexpectedly and relapses are a common experience among all players.
Some old habits are hard to break, both for the student and parents.
Some old habits are hard to relieve.
Some old habits die hard.
Old hair falls out, while new hair is always growing.
Old hammers are modified for specific jobs or new ones are made.
An old hand is an expert
Old hands provide an immeasurably valuable margin of safety and morale.
Old hands say it is a touch short of the glory days.
Old hands say it's bad form to be caught reading the sports pages though.
Some old hands argue that it's exactly what the Internet is and always has been about.
Old handwriting is wide open to interpretation.
Old hardware can become worn and out dated.
Old hardware needs to be replaced.
Old hawthorns are sometimes difficult to judge, but can be important historically and for wildlife.
Old headlines shed some light on less illustrious days.
Some old herbals mention the use of Elder leaves for nervous headaches.
Old heros become new foes as the plot takes shape.
Old hinge comes out pretty easily.
Old hippie refuses to wear socks, but wears jacket and tie while sipping domestic beer.
Old hippies can really play blues and rock and roll.
Old hippies die hard.
Old hobbies includes modeling, drawing, RC cars, air guns, and photography.
Old home needs to be torn down.
Old homes lie under new cities.
Old homes tend to be drafty and less comfortable.
Old homesteads are always an interesting find.
Old homesteads echo the romantic era of the West's evolution.
Old homework is now worth zero points.
Old horses are dog food.
Old horses are fun to be around.
Old horses feel young again.
Old hotels have little appeal to the modern traveller.
Old house can drive berserk.
Old houses are a good clue, and so are indications of water ahead.
Old houses are family sagas set on stone foundations, waiting to be told.
Old houses are healthier places if kept as structuraly intact as possible.
Old houses are more difficult to maintain, but worth the extra time and effort.
Old houses are wonderful.
Old houses clad in peeling paint eight years ago have two fresh coats of latex now.
Old houses cost more to heat and cool than their newly minted cousins.
Old houses have a character all their own.
Old houses have more character, and more trees.
Old houses vary greatly depending on the care they receive.
Any old house has a history.
Many old houses are still landmarks of ye olden time.
Many old houses have crooked walls and plaster that is rough an uneven.
Old housing is another factor.
Old hurts resurface and add scar tissue to the afflicted areas.
Old huts linger on the shore.
Old ice is ice that is more than one year old and has survived at least one melt season.
Old idea takes root.
Old ideas are suspect simply because they are old.
Old ideas are the remembered ideas.
Old ideas do die hard.
Old ideas drop by the wayside as new ideas take their place.
Old ideas freeze our brains into old thoughts and patterns.
Old ideas seem sacred.
Old ideas vanish, except in the movie trade and, of course, in Esquire magazine.
Some old ideas are just too good to throw away.
Some old ideas are worth holding on to.
Some old illustrations show stacks of completed books and pamphlets.
Old images persist.
Old images recur.
Old impact craters on asteroids have beem deformed and erased by newer impact craters.
Old infants have development.
Most old infants have development.
Some old infants die in hospitals.
Some old infants inhale corticosteroids.
Old infarction is a sharply marginated area of low density with loss of brain substance.
Old infestations have black bumps on moldy husks and kernels.
Some old info is available.
Old information can lead to wasteful decisions.
Old information is moved out.
Old information is saved and available at the click of a button.
Old information is sometimes more harmful than none at all.
Old information is useless information.
Old information is what the reader already knows and currently has in mind.
Old information is worse than no information.
Old instincts are hard to break.
Old instructions are still available.
Old instruments are dear.
Many old instruments require repair.
Old insulation is piled up like a snow drift, awaiting removal.
Old iron rims for cartwheels outside the forge.
Old issues are freely available online.
Old issues are still available from the author.
Old issues remain.
Old items are at position s in new area.
Old items are mostly Vietnamese in form, style and substance.
Old items can have more than research value.
Old ivory is from the ground and has different hues.
Old jars filled with shells make lovely displays.
Old jazz plays subtly in the background.
Old jeans Make cutoffs.
Old jewelry is purchased.
Old jock is shocked, flies home in tears to be with kid.
Old jokes attract attention.
Most old jokes attract attention.
Some old jokes describe occasions.
Old kernels ignore the flag.
Some old kids measure length.
Old Kingdom ends in Ancient Egypt.
Old knowledge is still valuable.
Old lace is often fragile.
Old lad is an affectionately familiar form of address to a male of any age.
Old ladies are located in homes.
Old ladies are wives.
Old ladies beg in the streets.
Old ladies can be cool.
Old ladies exchange their few possessions for food.
Old ladies have the annoying habit of crossing the road when a car chase is in progress.
Old ladies pass time.
Old ladies sell berries in the market, using glasses for measures.
Old ladies sit on porches fanning themselves.
Old ladies spill coffee.
Old ladies start clapping out the beat.
Old ladies turn their faces from the wind and wait for their rides to pull up.
Old lady trapped in wheelchair is about to kick the bucket.
Old lady watches Call.
Any old lady is potentially a goddess or the consort of aliens.
Most old ladies pass time.
Some old ladies inform newcomers.
Old lamps are a specialty.
Old land is mostly green , new one is darker in color .
Old land is mostly green, new one is darker in color.
Old landfills are closed, and there is strong local resistance to construction of new landfills.
Old landmarks disappear, and the people there are strangers now.
Old language being cut is shown here with a line through it .
Old language is shown with strikeout lines, and new language is redlined.
Old law contains ceiling on damage awards.
Old laws release death from exile.
Old lead can be an important historic document, there is a long tradition of inscribing into lead.
Old leader fixes static line to the heavier of two haulbags for the next leader to jumar.
Old leader pulls up new lead line and stacks it, preparing for next lead.
Old leaves fall prematurely.
Old leather is rigid and cracks easily.
Old leather leaks more than that, initially.
Most old leather is dry and brittle.
Old leaves appear with the flowers and after blooming new growth begins at the base.
Old leaves die while younger leaves yellow.
Old leaves fall off each spring.
Old leaves tend to accumulate boron and drop.
Old leaves tend to be resistant.
Old leaves turn yellow and drop.
Old leaves turn yellow, brown-spotted, dry or curl and drop.
Old ledgers provide information about employees and their purchasing needs.
Many old legends feature benign mountain spirits.
Old lesbians are the only experts available on aging.
Old lesions crack and fall out of the leaf blade, giving a shot-hole appearance.
Old lesions demonstrate fibrosis.
Old lessons are in archive.
Old letters are invaluable.
Old letters are still acceptable.
Old letters can also be a good source of information.
Old lettuce leaves work well too.
Old limekilns are to be found in many parts of the country, some of considerable antiquity.
Old line can entangle and kill wildlife.
Old line means missed fish.
Old lines change into their opposite.
Old links are no longer valid.
Some old links can be absent.
Some old linoleum has tar-based adhesive, which can be softened by applying mineral spirits.
Old lions are large and stocky, and males have large, impressive manes.
Old lionesses decorate their dens.
Old lists are archived, so there's plenty to look at.
Old listings are automatically removed and posters can delete their own postings once filled.
Old liver subjects with jaundice.
Old location is closed and building is forsale.
Old logs have severe coloring problems.
Some old logs are available.
Old longings come again, yet die.
Old love carries new love along, gradually fading away but never disappearing altogether.
Old love is inseparable even in death.
Old loves are deepest loves.
Old loves return, old friends get in the way.
Old loyalties die hard.
Some old macs require the purchase of an network interface card.
Old machines are useable, and can be put to real work in the classroom.
Old magazines tell about life, and how people lived.
An old maid is an unmarried woman
Old maid is used metaphorically to mean the left over kernels of corn that fail to pop.
Old maids are better off than wives of drunkards.
Old maids are supposed each night to look under their beds to discover a man in hiding.
Old mail is added to a hold file for later review or printing.
Old male dolphins die of causes.
Old male dolphins die of unknown causes.
Old males are a very rich, dark brown.
Old males are black with a satiny sheen to their coats and the under parts are pure white.
Old males are distinguished by their huge size and a long, cape-like mane.
Old males are solitary.
Old males have the body covered by scars.
Old males live alone.
Old males occa- sionally segregate themselves from the herd and lead the life of hermits.
Old males Replace with younger males.
Old man begins to change.
Old man betrays librarian.
Old man casts.
Old man continues to look off intently.
Old man dreams.
Old man hates girl.
Old man is asleep now.
Old man is frail, alone amid crowd in an alien world.
Old man is very unhappy.
Old man looks at diagram very intently.
Old man looks worried and watchful.
Old man looks, hesitates, stops.
Old man loves boy.
Old man pick up it.
Old man seeks doctor.
Old man seeks dotor.
Old man smokes.
Old man stares then reaches for a friend.
Old man waits.
Old men answer calls.
Old men are bastards.
Old men are bosses.
Old men are commonly the most covetous.
Old men are different.
Old men are easy to kill.
Old men are fathers.
Old men are little more than masses of disgusting body functions.
Old men are magazines.
Old men are men.
Old men are oldsters.
Old men are prone to lie, er, stretch the truth.
Old men are the best for tears.
Old men can play.
Old men close their eyes and weep.
Old men come to tears.
Old men congregate daily to speak French to one another.
Old men die and children soon forget.
Old men die with good grace.
Old men drink to young men who they've sent out to die.
Old men eat plants.
Old men eat whole plants.
Old men find death.
Old men find shoot death.
Old men have levels.
Old men have skills.
Old men have sons.
Old men have syntactic minds.
Old men have teeth.
Old men have testosterone levels.
Old men have their fish stories, college students have research paper stories.
Old men huddle around radios to catch the word on rebel advances.
Old men lead life.
Old men lean on their wives.
Old men occupy the post office lobby and snowbirds meet at the grocery.
Old men ought to be explorers.
Old men present fatigue.
Old men present mild fatigue.
Old men present with confusion.
Old men rattle down alleys on carts loaded with everything from watermelons to charcoal.
Old men ride bicycles.
Old men sit at the keys playing jazzy numbers, really giving the place some class.
Old men sit at the road side caressing their fighting cocks.
Old men sit naked in a eucalyptus steam bath on the other.
Old men sit on benches near the hardware store discussing solutions the world's problems.
Old men sit on the town square whittling on wood, once in a while talking.
Old men stoop over the shelves and recognize youthful playthings.
Old men take the sun, smoking what they've rolled.
Old men visit doctors.
Old men walk their dogs.
Many old men do wear no beards at all.
Most old men answer calls.
Most old men eat plants.
Most old men eat whole plants.
Most old men find death.
Most old men find shoot death.
Most old men have levels.
Most old men have skills.
Most old men have sons.
Most old men have teeth.
Most old men have testosterone levels.
Most old men lead life.
Most old men present mild fatigue.
Most old men present with confusion.
Most old men visit doctors.
Some old men are arrested on suspicion.
Some old men are beat to death.
Some old men die after creatures.
Some old men die after poisonous creatures.
Some old men die after poisonous sea creatures.
Some old men die after sea creatures.
Some old men die at homes.
Some old men die from injuries.
Some old men drink brandy.
Some old men fall from roofs.
Some old men fall to death.
Some old men go into comas.
Some old men have children.
Some old men have roots.
Some old men have surgery.
Some old men have tooth roots.
Some old men live in tiny villages.
Some old men live in villages.
Some old men shoot intruders.
Some old men shoot to death.
Some old men sit in chairs.
Some old men suffer allergic reaction.
Some old men suffer from epilepsy.
Some old men suffer massive allergic reaction.
Some old men suffer reaction.
Some old men survive attacks.
Some old men visit dentists.
Old management continues in control.
Old managers send state to a new manager to distribute load.
Old mansions are surrounded by lawns.
Old mansions are surrounded by roll lawns.
Most old mansions are surrounded by lawns.
Most old mansions are surrounded by roll lawns.
Old manuals are sources of historical doctrine, procedures and techniques.
Old manuscripts refer to materials that glow in the dark.
Old maps are also of interest for their artistic qualities.
Old maps are valuable historical records and in some cases are genealogical tools.
Old maps can be useful in identifying where portages and campsites once existed.
Old maps depict an island of more land, less water.
Old maps depicting Boston reveal an irregular, spidery peninsula, almost an island, really.
Old maps retrace the journey of slaves from West Africa.
Old maps show a spur going into Sheepshead Bay.
Old maps show reference to it.
Old maps show the coast of North America and Iceland, country of issue.
Old maps show the Spanish spelling of virgen.
Old maples shade the residential streets.
Old markets are often worth exploring.
Old markets disappear in a matter of years, and new ones emerge in a matter of months.
Old mask is destroyed every time a new shape is applied on the image.
Old material is archived as frequently as appropriate.
Some old material is still available and can be found below.
Old math profs never die, they just use strange expressions.
Old maxims break down.
Old meanings move in the drift of time.
Old medicines are useless.
Old medicines lie part used in the cabinet, evidence of past malaise.
Old media wants a piece of the action and new media offers a cut in return for some distribution.
Any old media continues to do so, but at a slower pace.
Old members select the new members each year.
Old memos are in memo.html .
Old memories can sometimes bring back new tears.
Old memories die hard.
Old messages are at yahoo who took over egroups.
Old messages are on gray and in ordinary font.
Old messages can take up a lot of computer space and slow the system.
All old messages are still online.
All old messages stay in mail until they are deleted.
Old methods require the user to memorize impossibly long passwords in order to be secure.
Old microscopes evidence a kind of beauty that comes from the craftsmanship of their makers.
Old middens are clear evidence of ancient Aboriginal associations with the area.
Old midterm is available.
Some old midterms are available for study purposes.
Old mill ponds in late summer, when cattails and lily pads grow in profusion.
Some old mills produce wastewater.
Old millwork can be restored, new millwork made old, The same applies for furniture.
Old minds think about road blocks.
Old mindsets fire up thoughts challenging the new work and the new call.
Old mines are always dangerous, but the desert mines are especially so.
Old mines can be dangerous.
Old mines can be very hazardous.
Old mineshafts abound, and can even be found in a few gardens.
Some old minutes are in Acrobat format.
Old mistakes can sometimes be instructive.
Old mistakes solidify into static mass, sleep, or unconsciousness, or just dead matter.
Old mittens make perfect animal paws and a stuffed sock is just the thing for a tail.
Old models are useless out of context, or based on assumptions that have changed.
Old models are utterly obsolete but new dynamic, systems approaches remain to be established.
Old moms work jobs.
Old money describes wealth that has been passed down from generation to generation over the decades.
Old money is better than new money.
Old money is inherited wealth
Old money is spent first.
Old money is what was given last year.
Most old mortars are a mix of lime putty, lime sand, and grit.
Old mortgage is paid off and discharged from the proceeds of the new mortgage.
Old mothers have dry skin.
Old mothers have skin.
Most old mothers have dry skin.
Most old mothers have skin.
Some old mothers are diagnosed with cancer.
Some old mothers ask sisters.
Old mounds are light colored and compacted.
Old movie spawns a new discovery.
Old movies are all boring and stuffy.
Old movies are also a hit, though harder to set up.
Old movies are located in television.
Old movies make the best viewing.
Any old mule can kick down a stall, but care is required to design and build one.
Old music is better - just ask anyone with a record and tape collection.
Most old mysteries show the main character, or the person who solves the mystery, as a male.
Old myths die hard.
Old myths suggest trees grow larger in diameter when flooded.
Old myths talk of fairies coming to live in the human world though rituals and ernest seeking.
Some old myths linger on.
Some old myths take time to die.
Old nails secure the horn to the wooden plug on the large end.
Old name remains in place for compatibility.
Old narwhals are nearly all white.
Old natures have to be kept out of the place of control through walking in the spirit.
Old negroes make our clothes from homespoun cotton, and some mixed wool in cold eather.
Old negroes make our clothes from homespun cotton, and some mixed wool in cold weather.
Old neighborhoods are chic again.
Old nests increase the numbers of parasites in the box, often resulting in nest failure.
Old news are here.
Old news are in the archive .
Old news can be good news too.
Old news equals no news in the radio world.
Old news gets a very frosty response from the media.
Old news has low values.
Old news is accessible via the links below.
Old news is archived for as long as space permits.
Old news is archived here .
Old news is archived here.
Old news is especially bad when it comes to restaurants.
Old news is kept here.
Old news is moved Here.
Old news is no news but reflective journalism improves with age.
Old news is no news either.
Old news is no news.
Old news is OLD and can be found here .
Old news is old news, and people get tired of looking at it.
Old news is on the old news page .
Old news is only good for wrapping up fish and chips.
Old news is still good news.
Old news is the best news for genealogy fans.
Old news is worth more than breaking news, which has become a commodity.
All old news is archived here .
Old newspaper is an essential material in the paper remanufacturing process.
Old newspaper makes for excellent packing, too.
Old newspapers are a good source for finding interesting stories about the past.
Old newspapers are a treasure trove of Americana.
Old newspapers are also useful in the garden for controlling weeds and for the compost heap.
Old newspapers are located in pantries.
Old newspapers are located in trash.
Old newspapers are the least desirable.
Old newspapers are treasure troves of clues.
Old newspapers can also provide leads, especially among obituaries and death notices.
Old newspapers can be a wonderful way of discovering the history of a nation.
Old newspapers do just fine for the larger pieces.
Old newspapers droop from chairs.
Old newspapers furnish the best material with which to clean lenses.
Old newspapers make paper containers.
Old newspapers round out the archives.
Old newspapers tend to turn yellow and brittle with age because of a relatively slow oxidation rate.
Old newsreels run again.
Some old nieces have adrenal gland tumors.
Some old nieces have adrenal tumors.
Some old nieces have gland tumors.
Some old nieces have tumors.
Old notices are available.
Old numbers appear in parentheses.
Old numbers are no longer in use.
Old nylons make great, lint-free polishing cloths for windows and mirrors.
Old oaks are worth preserving.
Old obsessions die hard.
Old offices survive Postal architecture has been streamlined.
Old one is fine.
Old ones are nice to hang on the wall or donate to museums for displays.
Old ones are no longer under maintaince.
Old ones are quaint and sometimes interestingly frames.
Old ones are to create a space and new ones are to occupy the space.
Old ones die slowly.
Old ones disappear.
Old ones do.
Old ones flake off unnoticed, because they are never great in number at any one time.
Old ones keeps disappearing, please sign or resign.
Old ones make ideal personal address books.
All old ones are for sale now.
Old opinions die hard.
Old opinions resist change very variously.
Old orchards are wonderful places for wildlife.
Old orders are swept aside, upstarts take their place, and, against the odds, they succeed.
Old organs become available regularly because of church closings and mergers.
Old organizations have shadow structures which bypass the boss to get things done.
Some old organizers make lateral moves within their organizations rather than move on completely.
Some old orphans face starvation.
Old orthodoxies die hard, it seems.
Old owners name on titlep., contemp.
Old oxbows appear during wet seasons.
Old pacemakers are much bulkier.
Old page begins below.
Old page is here .
Old page is still accessible here.
Old pages are good candidates for swapping.
Old pages have to be removed in order to make room for new ones to be created.
All old pages remain under their original names.
Old paint can peel and flake off into the soil.
Old paint is an automotive soliloquy.
Old paint is generally matte.
Old paint is located in basements.
Old paintings are located in lofts.
Old paintings show gold and pearly pipes even longer than the smoker.
Old paper is commonly of a heavy type, fairly coarse to the eye and to the touch.
Old paper is located in attics.
Old paper is located in trunks.
Old papers are beautiful things.
Old papers flap down empty streets.
Some old papers written with typewriter are under the wwork to make readable.
Old paradigms die hard, even as the new wave is firmly cresting over our heads.
Some old parents are resistant to change.
Old parts can be a source of spares.
Old parties sell out students - again.
Old passport containing previous visas are also useful.
Old password is required for changing password.
Old paths continue around the coast for some distance, and the views are wonderful.
Old patterns break, The natural movement of creation becomes part of our life.
Old patterns can be comfortable and easy.
Old peas taste starchy and mealy.
Every old pen is important to a collector, even if of modest value.
Old people are a burden to society.
Old people are afraid to walk to the store.
Old people are always sick with heart trouble or stomach trouble.
Old people are ashamed of the word old.
Old people are better at French while young people are better at English.
Old people are depressed and have every right to be.
Old people are depressed.
Old people are different, yet so alike.
Old people are embarrassed to admit their vulnerability.
Old people are for counseling and young people are for working.
Old people are interesting.
Old people are located in churchs.
Old people are more likely to eat the same crap they've eaten all their lives because of habit.
Old people are of no account, unless they serve as victims.
Old people are our past.
Old people are people, so old people have bodies, too.
Old people are people.
Old people are pretty stupid sometimes.
Old people are senile.
Old people are sick.
Old people are slow.
Old people are so important.
Old people are so irreverent.
Old people are supposed to become little again by some children.
Old people are the most reliable voters.
Old people are tremendous frauds.
Old people are very important in Native American society and are given great respect.
Old people are vulnerable to the vicissitudes of moral consciousness.
Old people avoid visiting the toilet frequently due to unsanitory conditions in the lavatory.
Old people become invalids.
Old people begin to snore in hammocks in the front, right at the street for all to see.
Old people can be very useful in getting old caps.
Old people can hear low tones fairly well, but their ability to hear high tones decreases.
Old people can witness to middle aged people, who can then witness to the young people.
Old people can, too.
Old people do that a lot.
Old people do that all the time, and even parents do it with children sometimes.
Old people end up in nursing homes when they become incontinent.
Old people fall for that all the time.
Old people feel alone, too.
Old people get cancer.
Old people get off on watching young people make-out.
Old people go there.
Old people have a delightful chance for it.
Old people have a different sort of beauty.
Old people have a lot of experience.
Old people have a right to the past.
Old people have careers.
Old people have deficits of prana.
Old people have lots to offer youth.
Old people have no fun.
Old people have no interest in sex.
Old people have no means to buy medication with their very small pensions.
Old people have to have fun somehow.
Old people invest in young people.
Old people learn more slowly and their senses and motor skills are less efficient.
Old people like to be alone.
Old people like to reminisce.
Old people live on bread and potatoes.
Old people look back on the past, young people look back on the future.
Old people look backwards and relive their youth.
Old people lose control of bodily functions.
Old people lose their sense of smell.
Old people love it.
Old people make great victims.
Old people remember things together and laugh about old times.
Old people retire.
Old people say they can remember when it was still green and forested.
Old people spend a lot of time hunting for toilet paper sales.
Old people stink.
Old people struggle in winter.
Old people suffer from all sorts of aches and pains and many undergo several operations.
Old people tend to be generous, they sometimes have time on their hands.
Old people tend to overstate their age - advanced age being a source of status.
Old people understand that the current relationship gig is an excuse for moral turpitude.
Old people vote like the dickens.
Old people walk down the street and have sexual fantasies all the time.
Many old people are philosophical about it, accepting the end without too much fuss.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year .
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year.
Many old people continue to have good olfactory function.
Many old people fall into that sad and dangerous situation.
Many old people have no idea that what they are seeing is unreal.
Most old people are lonely.
Most old people are more likely to wind up being cared for by their families than in nursing homes.
Most old people are poor.
Most old people get senile.
Most old people have no interest in, or capacity for, sexual relations.
Most old people lose their sex drive.
Most old people worry when a spouse makes a trip to the corner store.
Some old people remember that the USA was once a world leader in environmental protection.
Old perceptions die hard.
Old periodicals contain historical information.
Many old periodicals are very large and difficult to photocopy.
Old people are capable of share memory.
Every old person dying is like a library which has dissapeared .
Many old pets are assumed to be too old for new experiences and as a result, they age faster.
Old petals drop off cleanly.
Some old philosophers maintain life.
Old photo taken in Jacksonville, IL shows possibility of blue eyes.
Old photos are also helpful, as they bring the past to life.
Old photos are another treasure trove for property owners looking for their house's history.
Old photos are interesting to compare with the current trail.
Old photos are like endangered animals.
Old photos are located in museums.
Old photos are located in trunks.
Old photos can provide a launching-off point to help in remembering family history.
Old photos give evidence of a time which has passed by.
Old photos show a depot of almost twice the size, with an additional passenger canopy as well.
Old photos show it full of sheep pens .
Old photos show it to be a magnificent structure.
Old photos show Japanese soldiers in Nanjing perfecting bayonet drills on bound Chinese prisoners.
Old photos show Japanese soldiers in Nanjing practicing bayonet drills on bound Chinese prisoners.
Old photos show skinny children wrestling blackmouth from the creek.
Some old photos prove that the sex of famous outlaws was improperly reported.
Old photographs are a hit, especially with younger family members.
Old photographs are also of interest.
Old photographs are another very good source.
Old photographs are fascinating, infuriating and frequently overwhelming.
Old photographs are great sources of information and inspiration.
Old photographs are located in attics.
Old photographs are located in trunks.
Old photographs are probably the most popular of all attractions.
Old photographs are time machines.
Old photographs can have a support of glass, tin, and other solid materials.
Old photographs feature a variety of famous freaks.
Old photographs line the walls.
Old photographs show a polished prosperity.
Old photographs show a small girl with big glasses, thick and brown and ugly.
Old photographs show a teeming town dominated by a huge mill and tailings mound on a hill.
Old photographs show no evidence of the above nebula.
Old photographs show that a large awning sheltered the span of the store front.
Old photographs show the huge unfinished piece loaded on a railroad flatcar for removal.
Old photographs show the towering white pine stands of Superior's North Shore laid bare.
Some old pianos have a wooden frame.
Old pictures assure authenticity.
Old pictures show that the church had two aisles and a curved altar rail.
Old pictures show throngs of people swimming there in the summer months.
Old pictures supplied by the provincial museum, show a pronounced pillar off shore tothe south .
Old pictures work best in old buildings.
Every old picture has an interesting background.
Some old pictures has to be restored or some has to be altered for presentation.
Old pillowcases work great for draining cheese.
Old plans show which men preached in English and which in Manx.
Old plants are better than hybrids for flavor.
Old plants can lose some leaf tissue without yield loss.
Old plants contain hydrocyanic acid and are dangerous to livestock.
Old plants die, and other plants take their place.
Old plants form large clumps with irregular stems.
Old plants have a peeling, cinnamon-colored bark.
Old plants show cinnamon colored bark peeling to reveal white below.
Old plants tend to flower more than young ones.
Old plantings form multiple stems.
Old Playboys are much better.
Old policies are a great concern.
Old politicians win elections.
Old pollution has to be cleaned up in different locations.
All old posts are available there.
Old postcards depict Colorado as it once looked to visitors.
Old practices are deeply ingrained.
Old prejudices die very hard.
Old prejudices seem to die hard in America.
Any old priest can baptise people.
Old pros can get anything to work.
Old pros find it an excellent organizing device.
Some old pros approach it with gusto.
Old problems demand urgent solutions.
Old problems persist, and new obstacles arise.
Old problems seem to continue and new ones are added.
Old problems seem to continue, and new ones are added.
Some old problems refuse to go away.
Old process is to call for volunteers.
Old products lose their effectiveness after two or three years.
Old program helps.
Old programs get new names to flatter new management.
Old programs run with no recompilation or other changes required.
Old promises says the paper.
Old pronunciation is still available.
Old proverbs say that bad luck comes in threes.
Old proverbs tell the truth.
Old provider removes name from their server.
Old pumpkinseeds are large, but young ones are abundant and are becoming stunted.
Some old pups suffer from acute diarrhea.
Some old pups suffer from diarrhea.
Old quarries can be death traps, plain and simple.
Old queries remain below.
Old queries yield new information, and old data fades away.
Old queries yield new information, engine to engine, and the shapeshifting is endless.
Old questions have new contexts.
Old quizzes are available.
Old quotes are here.
Many old radicals are comfortable now.
Old radios are everywhere, from the entrance to the dining area to the rest room stalls.
Old radios are full of surprises.
Old radios carry high-voltage current that can cause injury or death.
Old radios come in a galaxy of styles, shapes, and sizes.
Old range is copied in the new allocated array.
Old receivers are more likely to decline than old RBs.
Old receivers have a slope to greater sensitivity at the low end of the band.
Old records are put on audio cassettes, all work is done in house.
Old records can be as faulty as old spelling.
Old records have other quirks as well.
Old records reveal steady progress in building through the years.
Old records show the day when the men left for the war was a pretty somber one.
Old reels get scratchy and sticky.
Many old refrigerators use two to three times more energy than a comparable energy efficient model.
Old releases remain here for reference.
Old religions surge out of Asia and Africa.
Old reminders are a person's history.
Old reports are from Proctor Valley and Lee Valley.
Old reports are on reserve at the library.
Old reports are still available.
Old reports become web graphic.
Old reports demonstrate that the two had quite different ecologies in the lake.
Old reports indicate wreckage was found as far from the water as three quarters of a mile.
Old Republic operates as a decentralized insurance holding company with four operating segments.
Old rice absorbs much more water than new rice, and takes longer for cooking.
Old riders pick a direction and go.
Old rituals conclude one by one as the dance of life winds down.
Old rivals come out of it very proactive and willing to collaborate.
Old rivals meet again Links to more Americas stories are at the foot of the page.
Old rivals meet regularly both on and off the pitch.
Old rivalries die hard in the football world.
Old rivalries die hard, and old thinking about competitors dies hard.
Old rivalries die hard, if at all.
Old rivalries die hard.
Old rivalries die slowly.
Old rivers are characterized by flood plains.
Old rivers are the most useful type of river for growing crops .
Old rivers are the most useful type of river for growing crops.
Old roads become snowmobile lanes and ski runs.
Every old road has secrets waiting to be discovered by people whose eyes are open.
Many old roads are excellent for mountain bikes.
Old rock are like young rocks, but life shows great variation with time.
Old rooms are small with shared toilets and showers.
Old roots divide at the crown into several heads.
Old rope requires a few extra tricks.
An old rose is pink
Old roses are an option for sunny spots.
Old roses are great plants for the landscape due to their clean foliage and full shape.
Old roses are roses.
Old roses are very fragrant and offer a wide variety of growth habits.
Old roses have a special ties to South Carolina's culture.
Old roses offer a great variety of flower form and color and even variation in leaf shape and color.
Many old roses are tidy, compact plants suitable for less-spacious gardens.
Old rules fly out the window.
Old rules get bent and the new rules experts say are needed get bogged down.
Old rules have to give way.
Old salt is a sailor
Any old salt knows a boat at sea is anything but bristol.
Many old salts think women make better sailors than men in some ways.
Old saying says that.
Old sayings stand the test of time for a reason.
Many old sayings contradict each other.
Old scales are a great collectible for people who like country-style decor.
Old scales can stay attached to the tree for several years before falling off.
Old scars come out.
An old school is a class
Old school is wind sprints or running bleachers.
Old school is, ultimately, a term of respect.
Old school meets new school on one slab of vinyl.
Old school meets new school with a thump and a twang, and plenty of history.
Old school meets new school, lots of prosthetics mixed with some computer effects.
Old school protesting, in our opinion, is ineffective.
Old schools are classes.
Old scrap is generated from consumption.
Old screen shots More images to come soon.
Old scripts die hard.
Old secrets turn lethal.
Old section is across the road from church.
Old seed are weak and have poor vigor.
Old self drops as the weather turns to spring.
Old services die sometimes.
Some old settlements has to be taking care of.
Old settlers begin voluntary migration and establish a government there.
Every old settler can tell interesting tales of turkey hunts.
Old shark has a cheesy taste to it, and ram's testicles are down right yuccy.
Old sheets work great to cover plants and shrubs since they allow the plants to continue to breath.
Old shellac finish with edge abrasions.
Old shirt sleeves, old pant legs etc.
Old shocks lose their force, opening up new kinds of awareness.
Old shoe lasts attached to a board with dried flowers hanging on it.
Old shoe makes dog happy.
Old shoes are located in trash.
Old shoes seem to cause a variety of problems, and buying new shoes solves the problems.
Old shoes teach poor manners.
Old shoots are gray, with almost no barbs.
Old signs bend in the cold dry wind.
Old silver has even more personality and attention to detail.
Old simulations tend to be too expensive to maintain and operate.
Old singers wear shirts.
Most old singers wear shirts.
Old sinkholes occur in nearly equal numbers inside and outside flood limits.
Old sisters have breasts.
Most old sisters have breasts.
Some old sisters belong to communities.
Some old sisters belong to religious communities.
Old site is here .
Old sites become obsolete.
Old sites list.
Old size binders no longer available.
Old skills are never forgot.
Old skills have to be renewed and new ones acquired.
Old slogans can almost do the trick, and it's a con-trick.
Old snags give the stomach the germs of rotting, which cause dyspepsia.
Old sneakers are best.
Old snow develops a crust that can make a nasty cut in skin.
Old snow gets klister and new snow gets stick wax.
Old snow looks grainy.
Old socks are a great way to store delicate collectibles .
Old socks are located in beds.
Old socks make excellent cases.
Old socks work fabulously for wicking materials and can be wrapped around a stick for a torch.
Old socks work well, too.
Every old sock needs an old shoe.
Old sofas line the walls, while in the centre of the room punching bags hang from the ceiling.
Old software has less functionality, so productivity is lower.
Old software is just fine, and in many cases it's easier to learn.
Old software runs without recompilation or any other changes.
Old soldiers dream of bygone days, while, fighting loneliness.
Old soldiers dream old bygone days, While fighting loneliness.
Old soldiers have tales.
Old soldiers know of the bravery, compassion, and fortitude of soldiers.
Old soldiers say it was never surpassed for desperation.
All old soldiers ask, sometimes only to themselves, questions they know have no answer.
Old solutions are no longer valid.
Old solutions are obsolete.
Old sons have problems.
Old sons play games.
Most old sons have problems.
Most old sons play games.
Some old sons attend favorite teams.
Some old sons attend teams.
Some old sons break arms.
Some old sons die in accidents.
Some old sons die in automobile accidents.
Some old sons have albinism.
Some old sons have bonds.
Some old sons have deficiencies.
Some old sons have growth deficiencies.
Some old sons have growth hormone deficiencies.
Some old sons have pinworms.
Some old sons suffer from cystic fibrosis.
Some old sons suffer from fibrosis.
Old song meets new world.
Old songs are any songs older than the new songs.
Old songs are like old friends.
Old songs go unsung.
Old soul crosses the limbo.
Old Souls are usually exceptionally good at manifesting solutions to their problems.
Old souls become more relaxed, laid back and detached in life.
Old souls look at things in terms of their larger context.
Old souls tend to emanate a calm, steady quality that has substance, depth or gravitas.
Old sources die easy once taken for granted, the narcissistic element of conquest vanishes.
Old sources refer to ten kinds of gamakas.
Old sparks flare when the former husband and wife share a casual kiss.
Old species data The old species data are no longer available.
Old specimens can develop dark gray flaky bark.
Old specimens give off an unpleasant smell.
Old specimens have interesting irregular forms.
Old spelling is retained except for ligatured letters, which are normalized.
Old spikes consisting of the ascending glumes remain intact for a long period.
Old sponges retain detergent residue that can spoil the waterproofing.
Old spooks drive Silver Ghosts.
Old stains are very hard to remove.
Old stains can yellow or attract insects.
Old stand is included.
Old stands require more nitrogen than new ones.
Old standard offers informative reviews often by well-known authors or subject specialists.
Old standards receive updates, plus some introductions.
Old standbys are oranges, grapefruits, melons, grapes, and apples.
Old standbys are still around.
Old stars are better than new ones.
Old stars are dominant.
Old stars are red or yellow giants or red dwarfs, hence the color.
Old stars dominate at the shorter wavelengths.
Old stars tend to be large and relatively cool - hence the red colour.
Old states continue to fragment.
Some old statements are to be avoided.
Old stems are a dark, reddish brown.
Old stems are orange and smooth, while new, green stems still bear thorns.
Old stems leave behind scars along the rhizome.
Old stigmas die hard.
Old stones are hard to read.
Old stools are the perfect height for use as plant stands.
Old storefronts remain, with old names etched in stone walls and entryways.
Old stories are dependable, good for everybody.
Old stories are funny like that.
Old stories are like trees with a lot of fruit.
Old stories can suddenly become relevant.
Old story says that noblemen called good priest to their house to work for their family.
Old strategies can become counterproductive in new environments.
Old streams are pretty much gone.
Old streamers hang from the ceilings.
Old strings are lifeless, false and dull sounding.
Old strings can be very difficult to intonate.
Old strings can be virtually impossible to tune.
Some old strip is available at a reduced cost.
Old strongholds die hard.
Old structures disintegrate.
Old students can renew their contract only when spaces are available after the new comers.
Old students do probs.
All old students remember the Spalding boys.
Old stuff is at the bottom, new stuff is at the top.
Some old stuff is here.
Old style is a proportional font
Old style is proportional fonts.
Old style is simple, slow controlled movement.
Old style is slow and delivered.
Old style is style.
Old style mens hockey socks.
Old style wetlog through the week, new style on the weekend.
Some old subjectivists emphasize the value neutrality of subjectivism.
Old suburbs can learn from Detroit igh-growth suburbs aren'tnew to Metro Detroit.
Old superstitions fall away When love and truth alone do guide.
Old suspicions are partly to blame.
Old suspicions die hard.
Old systems are inflexible and difficult to modify.
Old systems become inefficient and expensive to operate.
Old tactics are warlike and evil.
Many old tales deal with when moles are active.
Some old tales come from facts.
Old talks are here.
Old tape marks on eps.
Old tape shadows on last page, otherwise sound and very good.
Old tape stain in extreme left margin.
Old tapes are available for sale.
Some old tape stains from verso on the margins.
Old technologies bear regulatory and judicial burdens, too, but the newer ones are handicapped.
Old technologies become the stuff of metaphors.
Old technology carries a lot of design baggage.
Old technology has a tendency to hang around for some time when a new one shows up.
Old technology is the main problem along with complex fuel-transfer systems and human error.
Many old technologies are also highly polluting.
Old telescopes are generally very finicky and all have their own personalities.
Old tendencies are very powerful.
Old terms phase out, and new terms phase in.
Old terminal begins slow journey.
Old terminology can trip up the incautious genealogist.
Old test copies Large sheets of text and cover papers, and chipboard.
Old tests are also a great resource see what past professors have considered important.
Old tests are also available online.
Old tests are available for review.
Old tests are on reserve in the library and posted on the internet.
Old tests are on reserve in the library.
Old tests are on the course web page.
Some old tests are now available here .
Old testament means old covenant and new testament new covenant.
Many old texts are available online.
Old textbooks can be a valuable source of information.
Old textiles are treasures that merit our care and attention.
Old theaters have ghosts and The Music Box is no exception.
Old themes are still present if somewhat submerged.
Old things are familiar and create a feeling of security.
Old things are in the process of passing away, behold all things are in the process of becoming new.
Old things are located in cellars.
Old things are located in museums.
Old things are to pass away.
Old things become new, or to put it another way, new things now come.
Old things become new.
Old things do work.
Old things get sick, that is just the way it is.
Old things have a class of their own.
Old things pass away, all things become new.
Old things pass away.
Old things provide a significant level of security.
Old things reborn, new things informed by the past- there is much pleasure here.
All old things are done away, all things become new.
Most old things are rich in texture.
Old think provides no refuge.
Old thongs have more dignity.
Old thoughts make moldy people.
All old thoughts are just memories and have no value.
Old threads are archived automatically.
Old ties are always stronger than new ones, even if there is pain with the old.
Old time dancing such as sequences are representative of the organized world.
Old time favorites performed by the cast of the world famous radio show.
Old time favorites performed by the cast of the world-famous radio show.
Old time fiddling is featured on a regular basis.
Old time windows Open up a second paper bag and cover a large part of the middle of it with oil.
Old times come to mind.
All old times are good because they are old.
Old timer talks about road maps.
Old timers answer questions and give advice.
Old timers are old men.
Old timers are still gettinghome runs.
Old timers chuckle and understand, newbies can be amazed or shocked.
Old timers claim that there was no lake before on that place as the entire area was forestland.
Old timers come back to visit their units and meet the new guys.
Old timers love it.
Old timers put spruce gum in a cut and left it there.
Old timers recall vivid memories of losing their homes and livelihoods.
Old timers remember that the team went to their games in neighboring towns in the back of a truck.
Old timers remember when frequency was described in units of cycles per second.
Old timers reminisce at the authentic moonshine still.
Old timers say that a patched tube is actually stronger than a new one.
Old timers say that the lake, through an evolutionary change in tidal cycles is cleansing itself.
Old timers say the tree reacts by producing much more heartwood.
Old timers show is fun for all ages.
Old timers sit at the entrance and greet newcomers, exchanging news of local interest.
Old timers talk about catching trout out of streams that no longer exist.
Old timers talk about it.
Old timers talk of the days a runner had to travel hours to get to a race.
Many old timers play the harmonica just like that.
Some old timers remember working with the mules and loved that part of early mining.
Old tire dumps present many hazards to the public in addition to their unsightliness.
Old tires are a low cost material often used.
Old tires are located in garages.
Old tires are located in repair shops.
Old tires are much more difficult to work with.
Old tires are one of the most common mosquito breeding sites.
Old tires hold everything up.
Old tires keep the roofs down in monsoonal weather.
Old tires laying in yards are a significant breeding site for mosquitoes.
Old tires make great raised individual planters.
Old tires placed on the surface reduce billowing and flapping due to wind.
Old tissues can start copying themselves and turn cancerous.
Old titles survive here due to the more limited and protected circulation.
Old toilets use three to six gallons per flush.
Old tolerances are no longer acceptable.
Old tombstones are everywhere.
Old tombstones can be delicate so be very gentle.
Old toothbrushes work perfectly.
Old touchscreens tend to be unstable and to loose their calibration.
Old towels are good for bunching and scooting, tearing and shredding, and arranging just so.
Old towels make interesting placemats.
Old town holds a number of the most popular restaurants.
Old town is the original settlement of the village near the river.
Old towns are urban areas.
Old towns serve as markets for the extensive fruit and nut orchards of the region.
Old toys are iconic.
Old toys are located in cupboards.
Old toys are located in trunks.
Old toys become treasures when they come out of storage after a few weeks.
Old toys don t have to be tossed.
Old tradition dictates that a fall is named from the closest postal office.
Old traditions are mixed with new ideas to meet with the demand for new courses.
Old traditions are very much alive here. . .
Old traditions can die hard.
Old traditions die hard - but if a new, improved tradition begins, nobody can complain.
Old traditions die hard especially when tied to vested commercial interests.
Old traditions die hard when people are caught in the winds of change.
Old traditions die hard.
Old traffic reports.
Old trails are now fields cleared, resting in the memories of the sky.
Old traumas are often under-appreciated when considering the cause of illness.
Old travelers relate queer things concerning the strength of the odor of musk.
Old trees are fragile.
Old trees are important.
Old trees are less vigorous, so they are likely targets for insect attack.
Old trees are located in countrysides.
Old trees are more susceptible to defoliation and they die first.
Old trees are often hollow and form important nest cavities and dens.
Old trees are often quite picturesque.
Old trees die, fall to the ground, and decay.
Old trees do fall making way for new.
Old trees grow tall, with long trunks free of low branches.
Old trees have bark.
Old trees have more heartwood in relation to sapwood than do younger trees.
Old trees have thicker bark and are at least moderately resistant to fire.
Old trees make it very pl ayable during hot and sunny days.
Old trees rise among tangled underbrush on the bank.
Old trees rot and die to make way for healthy new growth.
Every old tree carries hundreds of such hidden buds.
Most old trees have bark.
Some old trees produce nectar.
Some old trees reach feet.
Some old trees show evidence.
Some old trees survive fire.
Old tricks die hard.
Old troubles resurface, however, and the fond memories are peppered with controversy.
Old truces break right and left, good comes up against evil.
Old trucks smell in a way difficult to describe, yet comfortably familiar.
Old truisms are often the wisest.
Old trunks look corky.
Old tuataras have to eat soft food, just like many old people.
Old turnips tend to be tough and woody.
Old typewriters are favorite writing tools.
Old unit is to be sent for repairs.
Old units hinder general understanding.
Old universities are preferred to newer one.
Old users can update to the new interpreter by following just the second step.
Old values are being wiped out, the new ones are yet to be established.
Old values are respected but new ideas are always welcomed.
Old values die hard.
Some old varieties are good enough for certain production situations.
Old vegetation stands for years, slowly decomposing through oxidation and weathering.
Old vehicles sit among weeds at others.
Old vehicles spewing out black smoke is unfortunately a normal scene on the roads of Kathmandu.
Old version is here.
Old version works, but is cumbersome.
Old versions are available as well as a change log .
Old versions are in the archive .
Old versions are very unlikely to be fixed in any reasonable time, if at all.
Old versions have lower capture performance.
Old versions produce server errors.
Old Village is truly among the best in local Korean venues.
Old villagers have white hair and white beards.
Old vines are crucial, too.
Old vines get very hairy looking.
Old vines produce a wine of incomaparable depth, complexity and elegance.
Some old vines bear fruit.
Some old vines bear inferior fruit.
Old viruses continue to cause havoc.
Old viruses continue to infect unprotected computers.
Old visitors have now a very fast access to the desired sub - pages.
Old voices tend to dominate the conversation.
Old voices whisper.
Old volcanoes come in three basic shapes.
Old volcanoes have a long and complicated history.
Old vows fall on deaf ears.
Old wallpaper is also good for wrapping small gifts.
Old warrens tend to be multi-layered.
Old warriors are the ones that have figured out how to survive in battle.
Old water does new tricks.
Old water is removed by a siphon system that is permanently connected to a nearby drain.
Old ways are better.
Old ways are for the old system.
Old ways are good ways.
Old ways change.
Old ways die hard when the fixed square of the Moon and Uranus comes to full term.
Old ways die hard, however.
Old ways die hard, particularly among lawyers.
Old ways die-hard when it comes to prospecting and selling insurance products.
Old weapon explodes on ship, nuclear magnitude, in an atoll by itself.
Old widows love children.
Most old widows love children.
Old wills can be fascinating.
Old wills can be vague, unspecific, and downright confusing.
Old windmills line the cliffs.
Old windmills spaced around Soldier Creek likewise continue to draw up water.
Old windows can really be stubborn to open from the outside.
Many old windows use the weight and rope function.
Old wine is better than new.
Old wine is sold in the new casket of the internet.
Old wineskins are inflexible and hardened and unable to handle new wine.
Old wizards talk into their mochas and secretly eye the sleeping couches for an afternoon snooze.
Old woman bends to sweep temple steps.
Old woman speaks and holds up a stone.
Old women are always hostile to the young women who attract the interests of powerful men.
Old women are oldsters.
Old women are women.
Old women bless themselves.
Old women can sport moustaches.
Old women diagnose with depressions.
Old women die and are re-created as virgins for the enjoyment of men.
Old women die of cold.
Old women have necks only from the side and they re usually in multiples.
Old women have reaction.
Old women have serious reaction.
Old women have teeth.
Old women know that is necessary to do for.
Old women lean on walkers.
Old women pedal along in the hot sun.
Old women porn.
Old women require calories.
Old women sell strawberries, bok choy, and tubs of live carp.
Old women sit bent, sunk in their chairs.
Old women sit on water pipes stretched across the yard, selling onions and fried sunflower seeds.
Old women sneeze, conjunctivitis is rampant, children become asthmatic.
Old women suffer brain damage.
Old women suffer damage.
Old women take care.
Old women turn into old men.
Many old women come to the temple each day and like to make a fuss over the babies.
Most old women diagnose with depressions.
Most old women have reaction.
Most old women have serious reaction.
Most old women have teeth.
Most old women require calories.
Most old women suffer brain damage.
Most old women suffer damage.
Most old women take care.
Some old women are rushed to hospitals.
Some old women become slaves.
Some old women carry guns.
Some old women come into offices.
Some old women develop lips.
Some old women develop swell lips.
Some old women diagnose with diseases.
Some old women die from injuries.
Some old women die from poison.
Some old women die in hospitals.
Some old women die of brain damage.
Some old women die of damage.
Some old women die of starvation.
Some old women fall from windows.
Some old women fall to death.
Some old women have bilateral cataracts.
Some old women have cataracts.
Some old women kill men.
Some old women live in mansions.
Some old women present with headaches.
Some old women see mangos.
Some old women stand in fronts.
Some old women suffer attacks.
Some old women suffer for years.
Some old women suffer heart attacks.
Some old women visit clinics.
Some old women wear cones.
Old wood is a minefield of nails.
Old wood is so popular that people are even ordering up new furniture to be built from it.
Old wood is the wood which have been saving for long years.
Old words are often the best words, more precise than current slang, more powerful than jargon.
Old words linger online, creating strange coincidences.
Any old words go here.
Old work becomes new raw material.
Old world camels inhabit regions.
Old world fruit bats share characteristics.
Old world fruit bats share common characteristics.
Old world monkeys have appendages.
Old world monkeys have arms.
Old world monkeys have narrow septa.
Old world monkeys have nasal septa.
Old world monkeys have septa.
Old world monkeys have tails.
Old world monkeys have teeth.
Old world monkeys share ancestors.
Old world monkeys share common ancestors.
Old world porcupines have quills.
Old world primates have growth hormones.
Old world primates have hormones.
Old world reptiles possess characteristics.
Old world reptiles possess several characteristics.
Old world feel, with all modern day amenities.
Old worlds meets new.
Old wounds are deep, but past legislative attempts to remove flags have failed.
Old wounds can begin to heal.
Old wounds fade away into forgotten scars or linger on as a quiet pain without a minder.
Old wounds heal.
Some old writers apply the name to the eighth-note.
Old yard rakes become a set of hands, then a shirt collar or strands of electrified hair.
Old year boys have front teeth.
Old year boys have rotten teeth.
Old year boys have teeth.
Old year boys visit dentists.
Old year girls have baby teeth.
Old year girls have teeth.
Old year women have teeth.
Old year women require calories.
Old year women suffer brain damage.
Old year women suffer damage.
Old yin can be mother or father.
An old is a past
Olds also turns up the coddle factor a notch with perforated leather seating, front and rear.
Olds are located in museums.
Olds are pasts.
Olds becomes the first automobile manufacturer to acquire vehicle components from outside suppliers.
Olds plans to offer the option nationwide within the next two years.
Olds points out that the program is more than just tutoring sessions.
Olds writes pantheistic porn.
Older ABS gets power from the brake light circuit and only when the driver steps on the brake pedal.
Older abscesses can organize, as shown here grossly in brain.
Older acreage is in mostly good condition.
Older acts are prime candidates for retail stardom.
Older actresses are at an even greater disadvantage.
Older adolescents are more adept at deception than younger ones.
Older adolescents are more independent of their families and more interested in peer support groups.
Older adolescents are usually responsible enough to manage alone for limited periods of time.
Older adult is a neutral, less stereotypical terms.
Older adult needs assessment.
Older adults approaching retirement begin to rely on adult offspring more.
Older adults are a diverse population and no two individuals age alike.
Older adults are a rapidly growing segment of all industrialized populations.
Older adults are a rapidly increasing segment of the American population.
Older adults are also at greater risk for experiencing health effects due to poor air quality.
Older adults are also at risk, because they tend to take many medicines that can easily be confused.
Older adults are at higher risk for affective and cognitive disorders.
Older adults are at increased risk for dehydration for many reasons.
Older adults are at increased risk for dehydration, heat exhaustion and heat stroke.
Older adults are at increased risk for many vaccine-preventable diseases.
Older adults are at increasing risk of developing heart failure.
Older adults are both more active and living longer than ever before.
Older adults are concerned about the workforce and want to be involved.
Older adults are five times more likely than younger adults to report problems with constipation.
Older adults are frequent targets.
Older adults are less likely to be hospitalized if they regularly attend religious services.
Older adults are likely to take medications that can impact oral health and affect dental treatment.
Older Adults are more accurate with, and prefer larger font sizes.
Older adults are more likely to be hypochondriacs than younger adults.
Older adults are more likely to suffer from insomnia.
Older adults are more likely to take medication correctly than younger adults.
Older adults are more likely to watch a greater amount of television than are younger adults.
Older adults are more likely to watch the news than are younger adults.
Older adults are more precise.
Older adults are North Carolina's fastest growing segment of the population.
Older adults are often at higher risk for disorders such as depression.
Older adults are pioneers of an extended life-span.
Older adults are primary targets for laxative advertise-ments.
Older adults are susceptible to multiple, complex problems.
Older adults are the fastest growing population.
Older adults are the fastest growing segment of our population.
Older adults are the fastest growing segment of the population.
Older adults are the fastest growing segment of the world's population.
Older adults are very law-abiding pedestrians.
Older adults are very receptive to well crafted safety messages.
Older adults are vulnerable in several ways.
Older adults are vulnerable to many of the impacts of climate change.
Older Adults are welcome to join any of the fitness classes offered.
Older adults are wonderful assets to neighborhoods and neighborhood youth.
Older adults become stronger and better able to move without falling.
Older adults benefit greatly from carnitine during exercise.
Older adults bring a lifetime of rich and varied experience to the classroom.
Older adults can assist in the process of socializing children to function productively.
Older adults can avoid isolation by maintaining as active a life as possible.
Older adults can be especially vulnerable in disasters.
Older adults can become addicted to the activity of gambling.
Older adults can enjoy a range of options such as exercises to music, tennis and pryme ball.
Older adults can find meaningful employment as staff members in child care centers.
Older adults can help involve parents and other members of the community.
Older adults can improve and maintain strength and agility with regular physical activity.
Older adults can locate quality fitness programming in their area.
Older adults can lose vision needlessly.
Older adults can now enjoy a nutritious meal at designated restaurants.
Older adults can often suffer from depression.
Older adults can reap the benefits of a strength-training program.
Older adults can sometimes go for two years before molting.
Older adults can suffer from painful joints and muscles for a variety of reasons.
Older adults comprise one of the fastest growing populations in the United States.
Older adults comprise one of the fastest growing segments of the Web.
Older adults constitute the fastest-growing segment of the U.S. population.
Older adults consume one quarter of all drugs prescribed in the United States.
Older adults describe the satisfaction and stress of caring for spouses and frail parents.
Older adults die the same summer or autumn after laying eggs.
Older adults do however appear better at understanding relativism and contextualism.
Older adults do recover from illness and injuries more slowly than younger people.
Older adults do take longer to recover from illness and injuries than younger people.
Older adults do tend to be more religious than younger adults in the United States.
Older adults eat less total food.
Older adults enjoy reading books.
Older adults exhibit a reduced ability to fully activate their biceps brachii muscle.
Older adults exhibit a reduced ability to maximally activate their elbow flexor muscles.
Older adults experience less delta sleep and generally require fewer hours of sleep overall.
Older adults experience many changes and losses as they grow older.
Older adults express the greatest confidence even though they have the greatest risk of fire death.
Older adults face many changes in their lives.
Older adults face more problems than ever before related to planning for their later years.
Older adults face more years in retirement than ever before.
Older adults feel safe from fires.
Older adults feel strongly about having and maintaining adequate health insurance.
Older adults filter irrelevant information during metaphor comprehension.
Older adults gamble for a variety of reasons.
Older adults get sicker than younger people who get pneumonia.
Older adults graduate with a new self confidence and are able to continue home care management.
Older adults have a chance to visit with each other and with staff members.
Older adults have a higher suicide rate than any other subgroup.
Older adults have a higher suicide rate than younger adults.
Older adults have a more severe illness.
Older adults have a world of memories to cherish and build on.
Older adults have homicide-suicide rates that are twice as high as younger adults.
Older adults have more free time to fill.
Older adults have no capacity for, or interest in, sexual relations.
Older adults have similar success rate with implants compared with younger people.
Older adults have skills and talents that have been relatively untapped by volunteer organizations.
Older adults have special needs.
Older adults have special spiritual needs.
Older adults have the capacity to be much more than passive students.
Older adults have the highest rate of suicide of any segment of the population.
Older adults have the highest rate of suicide rate compared to any other age group.
Older adults have wonderful abilities to share with others.
Older adults indicate that they believe in the impact of disease prevention on smoking behavior.
Older adults learn sculpture in a supportive studio atmosphere.
Older adults lose their sensitivity to sour and salty foods.
Older adults maintain context use in speech recall despite indications of slowing.
Older adults offer two of life's most important gifts, wisdom and experience.
Older adults opt for being left alone.
Older adults organize and plan college level academic classes designed to meet member needs.
Older adults play a key role in the education of children in our community.
Older adults play volleyball in four feet of water.
Older adults possess the wisdom of the past.
Older adults present a unique challenge as they often experience multiple deficits or disabilities.
Older adults report primarily difficulty in maintaining sleep.
Older adults represent a significant portion of our population.
Older adults represent every economic level.
Older adults represent the fastest growing segment of the population.
Older adults require higher intake of Vitamin D because of poor absorption.
Older adults share real life experiences with teens for informational and educational purposes.
Older adults suffer from the same mental health and substance abuse problems as younger adults.
Older adults take more medications than any other age group.
Older adults take more medications than any other group.
Older adults tend to drink less water because of a decrease in thirst awareness.
Older adults tend to experience larger infarctions and a higher incidence of mortality.
Older adults tend to have smaller appetites.
Older adults tend to participate more frequently in the political process than do other age groups.
Older adults tend to suffer from tooth decay more than younger people.
Older adults tend to use highly lethal means to commit suicide.
Older adults tend to visit health care providers more often than their younger counterparts.
Older adults tolerate lesser amounts and have a higher percentage of nuisance difficulties.
Older adults use a unique strategy to lift inertial loads with the elbow flexor muscles.
Older adults use health care services in greater volumes than younger people.
Older adults view the future more positively.
Older adults volunteer to prepare and deliver child immunization information packets to new mothers.
Older adults worry about health, family, finances, and their mortality.
Older adults wtih developmental disabilities.
Every older adult has the right to live in a safe, clean environment.
Many older adults are at risk.
Many older adults are concerned about forgetfulness.
Many older adults are eager to learn about technology and what it has to offer.
Many older adults develop an eye problem that seriously impairs their vision.
Many older adults die each year from complications of flu.
Many older adults do face a challenge as they enter a new era of life.
Many older adults enjoy a healthy and active lifestyle well into their eighties and nineties.
Many older adults enjoy attending classes and artistic performances.
Many older adults face major changes, including the loss of loved ones or retirement and relocation.
Many older adults fear loss of independence far more than illness or dying.
Many older adults have asthma.
Many older adults have at least one chronic condition and many have multiple conditions.
Many older adults have difficulty accessing systems for support.
Many older adults have problem chewing and swallowing due to decrease saliva.
Many older adults have problems sleeping.
Many older adults have serious mental health problems, with depression being the most common.
Many older adults have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep.
Many older adults have very active lifstyles.
Many older adults lack health insurance.
Many older adults live independently in their own dwellings and prefer to do so as long as they can.
Many older adults live on a fixed or limited income, and the cost of care can exceed monthly income.
Many older adults look back at their work lives with great pride.
Many older adults lose functional independence when they are hospitalized.
Many older adults produce less saliva that can hinder chewing and swallowing.
Many older adults seek employment to subsidize limited incomes, as well as a way to keep busy.
Many older adults wear dentures or partial dentures.
Most older adults are capable of full recovery and a return to their usual life styles.
Most older adults are in regular contact with family members.
Most older adults are interested in improving functional fitness and their health.
Most older adults are on some prescription medicines.
Most older adults can develop their physical abilities beyond their current level.
Most older adults desire to keep their independence as long as possible.
Most older adults don t get enough physical activity.
Most older adults expect their levels of stress to significantly go down as they age.
Most older adults get flu shots.
Most older adults have at least one living sibling.
Most older adults have no desire or capacity for sexual relations.
Most older adults have to cope with less income.
Most older adults maintain active, independent lives.
Most older adults maintain close contact with family.
Most older adults prefer to live independently in their own homes for as long as possible.
Most older adults wish to retain their independent living life-style.
Some older adults are on restricted diets because of certain health conditions.
Some older adults are perfectly self reliant, while others require considerable personal care.
Some older adults live in poverty.
Some older adults make very small amounts of it or none at all.
Some older adults restrict their intake to limit trips to the bathroom.
Some older adults suffer consequences from any alcohol use.
Some older adults suffer from depression, or struggle with anxiety, or become increasingly confused.
Some older adults think it is too late to begin exercising.
Older age is a risk factor for heart disease.
Older age is the single most important factor.
Older age is the single most important risk factor for the development of colorectal cancer.
Older age makes diagnosis more difficult, contributing to delay.
Older ages apply to people born after that date.
Older ages require sub-solar metallicity models.
Older aircraft are very susceptible to corrosion.
Older aircraft tend to filter air and mix in part fresh air before recirculating it in the cabin.
Older alcoholics are typically noncompliant with treatment and have a poor health prognosis.
Older animals are capable of taking larger, mammalian prey.
Older animals are less sensitive than young animals.
Older animals are more resistant to harm from salinity than are the young.
Older animals are more susceptible than are young cows.
Older animals are often much worn and frayed from the friction of moving through heavy undergrowth.
Older animals are slower to heal.
Older animals are used for beef when they are past their reproductive prime.
Older animals can also have crypto, but they are less likely to have it than younger animals.
Older animals can t assimilate food as well as they used to.
Older animals haul out on their own when they're ill or injured.
Older animals have a fat layer under their skin, giving the flesh added protection from the gases.
Older animals have a lot to offer.
Older animals have larger antlers and males develop a long neck mane.
Older animals have less enlargement in response to heart overloads than younger animals.
Older animals have more problems than younger animals.
Older animals have trouble bonding to new people.
Older animals lose the yellow banding, and turn dark green and brown.
Older animals make great pets too.
Older animals produce more dander than young ones because their skin is drier.
Older animals recover, so long as they can stand the rashes and sores and other cruel symptoms.
Older animals settle down and become quite calm.
Older animals tend to be darker and more reddish, and younger animals are more gray.
Older animals tend to build up natural resistance to stomach and lung parasites.
Older animals tend to have more hair on their heads.
Many older animals adapt well to new homes.
Many older animals develop benign skin tumors, which veterinarians can easily remove.
Older announcements are available from the link at the bottom of the page.
Older announcements are available from the links at the bottom of the page.
Older antidepressants work just as well as newer ones and are usually much less expensive.
Older appliances are less energy efficient and cost more to run, too.
Older appliances are less energy efficient, and cost more to run, too.
Older appliances are less energy-efficient than newer models.
Older appliances can be problematic, use the electric toaster instead.
Older appliances can use twice as much energy as star-labeled machines.
Many older appliances can tolerate short power disturbances.
Many older appliances have dials that can be difficult to grip.
Older applicants welcome.
Many older applicants have a hang-up about their age.
Older applications run well after the initial wait for the old OS to load.
Some older applications can display multiple images at higher colordepths.
Older approaches require end users to tailor information themselves.
Older aquariums have different problems.
Older archives are available for downloading.
Older archives are available here .
Older archives are available there as well.
Older archives are here .
Some older archives are available from the list owner.
Older areas offer nostalgic homes of an earlier era in Tampa's history.
Older areas vary substantially.
Older artichokes have a brown or woody looking end.
Older articles appear in smaller letters.
Older articles are available in the paid archive .
Older articles are free.
Older articles document the recent war between the two countries.
Older articles have dates listed in gray .
Older articles move down the page, eventually being moved to the archives.
Older articles provide a window into that point in history.
Some older articles are also available here .
Some older articles are available on microfiche.
Older artists are also cautious about the borrowing.
Older artists can create original artwork using a variety of advanced drawing features.
Older artists can use nails and hammers to build up their sculptures.
Older artists have it, younger ones want it, and history is what happens in between.
Older aspen provides winter food, male aspen flower buds.
Older athletes are more prone to heat exhaustion, tendonitis, bursitis, and lower back pain.
Older athletes benefit, too.
Older attorneys are more likely than younger lawyers to have had a recent sigmoidoscopy.
Older attractions use spring water from the Comal River.
Older audiences are moderately engaged.
Older audiences are more supportive of the fine arts, and Valley demographics are getting younger.
Some older autoclaves have little or no heat shielding around the outside.
Older babes show they are still hot.
Some older babes can control their pussy and do stuff since they are more experienced at sex.
Older babies are able to roll from their tummies to their backs without any help.
Older babies are always on the move, and they love to grab books and turn the pages.
Older babies are faster feeders.
Older babies can group the cards into stacks of toys, animals and foods.
Older babies can simply chew up and swallow the tablet.
Older babies enjoy holding card-board books and turning the pages.
Older babies love to hear songs and rhymes repeated over and over again.
Most older babies play during the day while their nocturnal mom is catching a nap in a nearby tree.
Older bachelors train young novices to the ways of the male group.
Older bands have different legends.
Older bands have the luxury of ordering their songs according to a governing aesthetic.
Older bark is brownish gray with shallow fissures, becoming rough with thin, plate-like scales.
Older bark is distinctly reddish-brown.
Older bark is rougher externally, thicker and usually in single quills or channelled pieces.
Older bark is scaly and aromatic.
Older bark is thicker, reddish-brown to light gray and broken into irregular, flattened scales.
Older batteries can fail once the temperature drops.
Older beads are heavier cast beads, usually smoother.
Some older beanies are still quite valuable without the hang tag.
Older bear tastes stronger.
Older beets can become woody.
Older bicycles are typically narrower than that.
Some older bikes have a plain-top seat post that requires the use of the clamp.
Older bills are available on microfilm.
Older birds are higher in the peck order than younger ones.
Older birds are more efficient at finding food than younger birds.
Older birds are more likely to be disease carriers.
Older birds can form strong bonds with their owners if given the time to trust their new owners.
Older birds can make it up to two hours between feedings.
Older birds develop immunity as the result of exposure.
Older birds exhibit signs of molting.
Older birds have a strongly washed pink coloring on the head and breast.
Older birds seem to take longer to soften then young ones.
Many older birds make great pets and seem to be grateful for being given a chance.
Many older blacks have fewer assets and more debts than older whites.
Many older blowers have motors and fans that require lubrication.
Older boat is too clean and has virtually nothing personal on it.
Older boats can be fast if set up properly.
Older boats can use the smaller size.
Older boats have a balsa-cored deck and companionway hatch.
Older boats have problems with interior wood work and keel stiffeners.
Older bodies look different than young ones.
Older bonds are another matter.
Older bonds are more dicey.
Older bones are often less dense, more brittle and break more easily.
Older bones have more fluorine and uranium and less nitrogen.
Older bones take longer to heal and are typically thinner and weaker than younger bones.
Older books are generally conservative books and written with some spiritual emphasis.
Older books are to be found in the author catalogue in the card file in the reading area.
Older books are, of course, just as readable as the newest best seller.
Many older books are quite fine.
Some older books have Dewey classification numbers.
Older Bookworms are eligible to attend other activities in libraries during the school holidays.
Older bosses look most highly upon job candidates with long service at a single company.
Most older bottles are worth a few dollars, depending on how many still exist.
Some older bows have no riser clearance and arrow contact with the riser is virtually unavoidable.
Older boys are also welcome.
Older boys are more likely than girls to find reading boring and nerdy.
Older boys are out of school and unable to get jobs.
Older boys are particularly at risk.
Older boys are to be clean shaven.
Older boys are welcome in any of our classes.
Older boys help younger boys.
Older boys wear three pieces.
Older branches are gray and one-year stems light brown to amber.
Older branches bear scale-like leaves that are pressed tightly against the stem.
Older branches have few thorns.
Older brother schools younger brother.
Older brothers are always available to help pledges and younger members academically.
Older brothers are duty-bound to care for their sisters until marriage.
Older brothers can be jerks sometimes.
Older browsers are much smaller than new ones, and so they are very handy for older computers.
Older browsers can access the image database through the non-frames layout.
Older browsers click here to continue.
Older browsers click the name above to link to the homepage.
Older browsers have a problem with the radio buttons found on many forms.
Older browsers have more security flaws.
Older browsers have problems with the new website hosting protocols.
Older browsers lack support for present day Internet standards.
Older browsers require a new certificate for e-commerce and online banking transactions.
Older browsers require manual install of the plug-in.
Older browsers require manual installation of the plugin.
Older browsers require server-side processing, which adds slightly to the complexity of the task.
Older browsers visit our non-java page.
Older browsers work properly as long as they support frames.
Most older browser have no trouble viewing simple animated images.
Some older browsers can run out of resources and fail to render the form properly.
Some older browsers have trouble handling the scrollbars correctly.
Some older browsers support only a single submit button in a form.
Some older browsers use file transfer protocols which cause changes in file size.
Older bucks are more concerned with survival than with reproduction.
Older buds turn brown and fail to open and often the petals become watery and matted.
Older buildings are at risk even if their foundations are on solid bedrock.
Older buildings are from ca.
Older buildings are generally more expensive to bring up to code.
Older buildings are generally more expensive to operate.
Older buildings can be full of surprises.
Older buildings can be retrofit to withstand quakes but that s extremely expensive.
Older buildings have a refrigerated bank of individual drawers or a walk-in refrigerator.
Older buildings have cedar doors.
Older buildings have their charm, but they also have their problems.
Older buildings house the national library, the municipal opera house, and several museums.
Older buildings mix with new for a special Victorian charm.
Older buildings play an important role in the life of our downtowns.
Older buildings require on-going maintenance.
Older buildings require vigilant maintenance and periodic renovation.
Many older buildings are lit, with more all the time.
Many older buildings have asbestos containing materials.
Many older buildings have single-pane or single glazed glass windows.
Many older buildings suffer from deteriorated brick and mortar.
Some older buildings use wooden beams more than a foot thick.
Older bulls are more likely to be infected and remain infected than virgin or y oung bulls.
Older bulls are usually more dominant and often have lowered fertility.
Older bulls remain in smaller groups or are solitary until the fall breeding season.
Older bulls shed their antlers the earliest and begin regrowing new ones the earliest.
Older bulls tend to have stronger, healthier-looking sperm cells.
Many older bulls bear the scars won during years of epic battles.
Older bunnies are also much easier to train.
Older buyers mean less daring styling.
Older cabinets can receive a face lift by just replacing the knobs.
Older cables use a limited number of wires to send information between the modem and the computer.
Older calves are held in the centre of the herd for safety.
Many older cameras record a few seconds of color swipe at the beginning of a segment.
Older campers have the privilege of an overnight at the farm.
Older campers live in cabins along the pine and rocky shoreline.
Older campers participate in outcamp trips lasting four or six days.
Older campers progress to more advanced swimming, competitive swimming, and survival skills.
Older campers spend two weeks on the farm camping in platform tents in a secluded, shaded glen.
Older campers stay in platform tents.
Older campers stay up later than younger boys.
Older campers take part in the job preparation program.
Older canes are less productive and produce smaller berries.
Older canes are normally the tallest and removal also keeps the plant s size under control.
Older canes are normally the tallest and removal also keeps the plant's size under control.
Older canes are thick-walled.
Older cankers are therefore oval to elongated in outline.
Older cars are actually more prone to theft than newer ones, as parts demands increases.
Older cars have a finish that's mostly paint with a thin, glossy coat of lacquer over the paint.
Older cars have character.
Older cars have higher rates.
Older cars have low actual cash values.
Older cars use a carburetor or single port injection fuel delivery system.
Older cars use the rear tires for driving and the front for steering.
Most older cars are simple enough to be repaired almost indefinitely.
Most older cars have mechanical odometers with white numbers on a black background.
Older cats are also prone to hair-induced blockage.
Older cats are less likely to become ill when exposed to various hospital borne microbes.
Older cats are more affectionate - the older they get, often the more lap time they want.
Older cats are more likely to be infected.
Older cats are more likely to develop diabetes than younger ones.
Older cats are rather well-protected with commercial panleukopenia vaccines.
Older cats can experience many changes in the functions of their bodies.
Older cats can learn easily, too.
Older cats enjoy playing as much as the young ones.
Older Cats Feeding an older cat requires a new degree of awareness.
Older cats require protein in order to replace muscle and hair.
Some older cats find it difficult to climb into the litterbox.
Older catalogs are available free of charge at the locations listed above.
Older caterpillars are black or greenish with stripes.
Older caterpillars are black with yellow or orange stripes running the length of their bodies.
Older caterpillars are green to almost black with stripes along each side.
Older caterpillars are green with prominent eyespots on humped area near head.
Older caterpillars are solitary feeders.
Older caterpillars are very distinct in their appearance.
Older caterpillars begin feeding from the leaf edges and consume entire leaves.
Older caterpillars chew holes in leaves or consume leaves altogether.
Older caterpillars develop a deep blue velvet coloration with a sparse covering of long brown hairs.
Older caterpillars eat half of the leaf before moving to the other half.
Older caterpillars feed alone.
Older caterpillars feed on older leaves and tunnel into fruit.
Older caterpillars feeding on plants of the parsley family prefer to eat the flowers.
Older caterpillars have a dark line along each side of the upper back.
Older caterpillars have two different color forms.
Older caterpillars hide during the day at the base of the plant and feed at night.
Older caterpillars make daytime shelters by pulling leaf edges together with silk.
Older caterpillars tend to be solitary eaters.
Older cattle tend to carry less condition over their top than younger cattle.
Some older CDs have problems with the paint on the artwork sticking to storage devices, etc.
Older cemeteries demonstrate their value as a cultural heritage resource in different ways.
Older censuses are only in paper in libraries.
Older chapters have to work harder as they have more alumnae.
Older characters are even rarer.
Older charms can wear garments of heavy texture.
Older charts are available on our archive page .
Older cheddar is harder, more crumbly and sharper in flavor.
Older Chefs can help cut the apples at the teacher's discretion.
Older chicks reach into the mouths of parents to obtain food.
Older chickens make great broody hens.
Older child has disabilities.
Older child receives necessary supervision and attention.
Older children acquire vocabulary through reading itself.
Older children apply creative and technical thinking to high standards of craftsmanship.
Older children appreciate rolling the coins, providing another teaching moment.
Older children are active participants in all ranch activities.
Older children are also able to gain new skills, particularly in their behaviours.
Older children are also likely to suffer scurvy and progressive diaphyseal dysplasia.
Older children are also welcome volunteers.
Older children are also welcome.
Older children are assessed for gasoline sniffing, which is esp.
Older children are at risk as well.
Older children are available in Romania, Bulgaria, Russia, and China.
Older children are available sooner than toddlers.
Older children are available, as well as sibling groups.
Older children are available.
Older children are better able to understand the reasons behind their parents' divorce.
Older children are better than younger children.
Older children are capable of being quiet.
Older children are capable of more detail and less supervision.
Older children are concerned about their own powerlessness.
Older children are difficult to place and often wait years for a family.
Older children are generally less accepting of new parental figures than are younger children.
Older children are in slightly larger groups, but all attempts are made to keep groups small.
Older children are more concerned with learning self defense.
Older children are more difficult to motivate.
Older children are more frightened of pain .
Older children are more independent and more vocal.
Older children are more likely have chronic complaints.
Older children are more likely than younger children to be foreign born.
Older children are more likely than younger children to want more time with their parents.
Older children are more likely to be adopted by their foster parents if visits have occurred.
Older children are more likely to be disobedient, to talk back, and to be destructive.
Older children are more likely to drown in open water sites, such as lakes, rivers and oceans.
Older children are more likely to have more episodes of tachycardia.
Older children are more likely to have stomach upset after receiving large doses.
Older children are more likely to have the typical adult symptoms of fever, chills, and flank pain.
Older children are more likely to suffer from bicycle and sports injuries and overexertion.
Older children are more likely to suffer from bicycle and sports related injuries and overexertion.
Older children are more likely to understand and stop scratching.
Older children are much more likely to skip breakfast than younger children.
Older children are no longer free to walk home, unless they have a note from their parents.
Older children are often too embarrassed to tell anyone.
Older children are OK, especially if they are no longer at home.
Older children are particularly interested in the work of artists outside the home and school.
Older children are stronger and can feel the reward of a well-struck ball.
Older children are usually very verbally adept and converse well with adults.
Older children are welcome at most of the workshops and field trips.
Older children are welcome in the service.
Older children are welcome in the worship service.
Older children are welcome in worship.
Older children are welcome to accompany the younger ones, or to spend time selecting books.
Older children are welcome to assist.
Older children attend all-day programs that begin with a class seminar on creative problem solving.
Older children become tutors of their younger peers.
Older children begin experiences in handbell ringing, also.
Older children begin to base their decisions on intent.
Older children begin to see positive aspects of smoking.
Older children believe themselves to be adult.
Older children benefit from doing it more often, at least once a week if possible.
Older children benefit greatly by having a savings account.
Older children bounce around in cars without seat belts.
Older children bring their own lunches and have a nap.
Older children can access information on really cool subjects from their encyclopedia.
Older children can accompany their illustrations with written comments about the story.
Older children can act as helpers.
Older children can add beads for the nose, eyes, mouth, and buttons.
Older children can add reading and listening to their learning processes.
Older children can also begin to recognise the difference between advertising and other material.
Older children can also get involved in an art project with some no-bake clay sculptures.
Older children can also help keep track of mileage, miles per gallon, and trip expenses.
Older children can also help locate and assemble ingredients and equipment before baking begins.
Older children can also learn how the scale and key can be used in reading maps.
Older children can also sweep or vacuum.
Older children can also write or dictate a sentence that describes their picture.
Older children can answer questions about their vision.
Older children can answer questions and talk about the book.
Older children can attempt to name the food group their meal fits into.
Older children can attend seminar sessions, or make use of the recreational facilities on site.
Older children can be down right mean and sometimes torment younger siblings.
Older children can be effective role models for younger ones.
Older children can be in charge of finding the perfect tree.
Older children can be less demanding than a baby.
Older children can be sick once or twice without any bother and be well again quickly afterwards.
Older children can become excited by how the compounding of interest makes their money grow.
Older children can begin to understand how ads use pictures, music, and sound to entertain.
Older children can benefit from doing community service projects with their peers.
Older children can better appreciate and anticipate the results of patience.
Older children can boost the learning experience by keeping a journal.
Older children can breathe in and out for the count of three.
Older children can build boats with old pieces of wood and nails.
Older children can carve their own shapes using plastic knives.
Older children can chew gum or eat crackers.
Older children can choose a statement account and have a monthly statement mailed to their home.
Older children can choose a theme and find pictures that describe that theme.
Older children can choose books in other languages, such as Spanish and French.
Older children can chop ingredients under mom or dad's watchful eye.
Older children can claim their treats at the end of the week.
Older children can collect a sample when they urinate.
Older children can construct roads and garages out of blocks.
Older children can cope but many like to be accompanied by a parent.
Older children can copy the questions from the board or chart.
Older children can cover the whole thing with fancy clay slices.
Older children can create dogs and cats which require more skill.
Older children can create patterns to play and replay.
Older children can create puzzles for younger ones.
Older children can cut around the objects.
Older children can cut out letters to spell the names of favorite summer games or foods.
Older children can cut out on their own.
Older children can cut out their own profiles.
Older children can decorate plain paper bags with markers to use as their party favor bag.
Older children can describe the area of each piece as a fraction or percentage of one square.
Older children can design their own.
Older children can discuss and compare the two versions.
Older children can dive further in career exploration.
Older children can do a lot more.
Older children can do liquids as well.
Older children can do t hese activities on their own.
Older children can do the timing and see if they can better their performance.
Older children can enjoy swimming, taebo, kickboxing and aerobics.
Older children can enjoy themselves in the video arcade .
Older children can enjoy themselves with the latest video games in the video arcade.
Older children can even write their opening monologue and script.
Older children can find assistance in the Adult Reference Area and on the Internet.
Older children can find relief from a sore throat by gargling with salt water.
Older children can focus on a candle flame or on their breath as it enters and leaves their bodies.
Older children can follow a management and treatment plan on their own with less supervision.
Older children can follow other models.
Older children can follow simple recipes and measure ingredients.
Older children can get by on as little as eight.
Older children can get it with exercise.
Older children can graph the sunflower's height over time.
Older children can handle the new baby to some extent, depending on their age.
Older children can have fruit juices alternated with clear liquids.
Older children can have multiplication facts only.
Older children can have saltine crackers, bland soups, and mashed potatoes, or honey on white bread.
Older children can help address the envelope, weigh it and research the postage cost.
Older children can help an elderly neighbor.
Older children can help guide the younger ones, and adults can assist with more challenging tasks.
Older children can help in some of the programs for younger children.
Older children can help make mirrors for their parents.
Older children can help measure the ingredients for many recipes.
Older children can help plan their roles.
Older children can help put the sandwich together and put it on the table.
Older children can help slice the lotus root into one-half inch thick slices.
Older children can help with descriptions.
Older children can help with more of the sandwich preparation.
Older children can help younger ones with the typing, and add captions to the pictures.
Older children can hold the cap themselves.
Older children can increase or decrease recipes.
Older children can investigate details more closely and engage in experiments.
Older children can keep a journal of the trip.
Older children can keep simple notes.
Older children can learn about compounding interest and how it makes their money grow.
Older children can learn fractions by finding things three times or half as long.
Older children can learn how to compare similar products by reading the labels.
Older children can learn how to usher and some can read scripture.
Older children can learn safe food handling practices as they start helping with meal preparation.
Older children can learn the difference in fruits and vegetables.
Older children can learn to add spontaneous petitions at the end of memorized prayers.
Older children can learn to file and answer the phone in a businesslike manner.
Older children can learn to kayak, or enjoy tubing along side the raft.
Older children can learn to read the safety precautions on product labels.
Older children can learn to relax by listening to music or using self-hypnosis.
Older children can learn to train their dog with appropriate obedience activities.
Older children can list each item on the chalkboard under the appropriate classification.
Older children can make grids with more boxes.
Older children can make sets of scavenger hunt cards for the desert, the ocean, or a rain forest.
Older children can make stop signs, traffic lights, or create obstacles such as ramps or turns.
Older children can make their own rainbow shape, or trace it.
Older children can make their own slit in the apple with a plastic knife.
Older children can make their own.
Older children can manage two or three daily jobs along with one or two weekly jobs.
Older children can map migratory patterns of birds.
Older children can mark and distribute items.
Older children can match the name of a drug to a fact about the drug.
Older children can model behavior, skills and learning processes for younger children.
Older children can pair off with younger children.
Older children can participate in even more of our projects.
Older children can plan the menu.
Older children can play on their own.
Older children can point at the pictures.
Older children can pour milk and whip the eggs.
Older children can practice reading and mathematics skills as well.
Older children can practice writing a check for the total amount of the grocery bill.
Older children can prepare whole meals.
Older children can put shapes together to make pictures or number problems.
Older children can read aloud to younger ones.
Older children can read the e-book themselves, at their own pace.
Older children can repeat more complex procedures.
Older children can research more obscure historical figures.
Older children can run a beverage and baked goods concession.
Older children can scald a younger child.
Older children can select words from the story as well as writing their own.
Older children can serve as reading partners for younger children.
Older children can set it up easily.
Older children can sit in an upright position with their heads tilted back.
Older children can sometimes have a disproportionate fear of vaccines or shots.
Older children can spread butter, jam or honey on bread with plastic knifes.
Older children can stand further away, and can keep score as well.
Older children can suck on anesthetic throat lozenges.
Older children can take classes with their parents.
Older children can take lessons on regular instruments and join the school band.
Older children can take notes or list words which they hear often.
Older children can take responsibility for pets during a move .
Older children can take turns being the reader too.
Older children can take turns with the reading too.
Older children can tell about heartburn or burning pain in the middle of chest.
Older children can think of a single word containing all of the letters.
Older children can try drinking through a straw or chewing on soft candy.
Older children can use a hot glue gun to quickly set objects in place.
Older children can use a needle to help with the stringing.
Older children can use a pair of sturdy kitchen scissors to harvest their crops.
Older children can use a small hammer and nails to create a wood construction.
Older children can use addition to create palindromes.
Older children can use all coins.
Older children can use all types of coins.
Older children can use an upholstery needle.
Older children can use for school reports.
Older children can use gum or hard candy.
Older children can use journals or letter or story writing as a way to express themselves.
Older children can use measurements or computer software to get the proper dimensions.
Older children can use more elaborate decorations if desired.
Older children can use paper mache .
Older children can use reference materials and determine what the items are for themselves.
Older children can use regular units of measurement like rulers or measuring cups and spoons.
Older children can use safety belts.
Older children can use sand paper to smooth off rough edges.
Older children can use stuffed animals or puppets to act out play scenarios with each other.
Older children can use the narrated dictionary.
Older children can use their own book as a diary during the trip.
Older children can use their pizzas to begin easy fraction activities.
Older children can use with supervision.
Older children can walk it themselves, as can their grandparents.
Older children can work in groups of three players.
Older children can work in small groups or as a class to write songs that go with familiar tunes.
Older children can write a diary entry.
Older children can write a script or direct the play.
Older children can write a script or direct the show.
Older children can write and draw pictures for it.
Older children can write and younger children can draw pictures of the items.
Older children can write or dictate a description or story about their hat to be read as they model.
Older children can write or research the noises wild and pet animals make.
Older children can write poems and improvise stories with simple costumes.
Older children can write simple messages inside using markers.
Older children can write their own informal summaries down.
Older children can write their own scenarios.
Older children can write their own stories.
Older children care for younger siblings.
Older children carry around the smaller ones.
Older children come after school.
Older children come once a week for an hour.
Older children complain of feeling something in the eye.
Older children complain specifically of ear pain , often starting at night or after napping.
Older children correspond animal's name to each vowel sound.
Older children develop altruistic characteristics, helping and nurturing the younger ones.
Older children develop leadership skills by being paired with younger ones.
Older children develop self-reliance and responsibility.
Older children do the more skilled tasks or supervise young ones.
Older children do want to know how and why.
Older children document their own daily experience.
Older children dress as smaller versions of the adults.
Older children drink the barium from a glass or cup.
Older children enjoy collecting and more elaborate projects.
Older children enjoy preparing the batter for pumpkin bread.
Older children enjoy preparing their own snacks.
Older children enjoy reading aloud too.
Older children enjoy swimming, drama, arts and crafts, music, and other pastimes.
Older children enjoy the thrill and independence of riding on their own.
Older children enjoy the video games and redeeming the tickets they accumulate for prizes.
Older children enter the world of competitive sports where ability does matter.
Older children experience ear infections less frequently.
Older children fall from trees and off bicycles.
Older children fear they have forgotten everything from last year.
Older children find watching TV or listening to music helpful.
Older children gain confidence when they help the younger child by reviewing basic concepts.
Older children get excited about how compounding of interest makes money grow.
Older children get interested in the artifacts and listening to the soldiers' conversations.
Older children get the same features as adults.
Older children Give liquids in small amounts and frequently.
Older children go directly to class.
Older children go on bike rides, and learn to snorkel.
Older children go to SHED before and after school.
Older children grow steadily and have a natural increase in appetite.
Older children guide and assist younger students.
Older children have a better capacity to understand the nature and consequences of their illness.
Older children have a more difficult time.
Older children have a responsibility to their elderly relatives, especially if they are infirm.
Older children have many reasons for worrying about a new baby.
Older children have more to learn.
Older children have physical findings similar to adults.
Older children have rooms of their own.
Older children have the advantage of greater maturity.
Older children have the opportunity to serve as mentors and to take leadership roles.
Older children have the rooms off the ramp, which are a bit farther from the entrance.
Older children have their own rituals too.
Older children have their own routines and favorite activities as sell.
Older children head off to attend grade shcool leaving openings for new children.
Older children help to look after younger siblings.
Older children help with the care of younger siblings and with daily chores.
Older children hide their true feelings about a move or change in environment.
Older children join in all regular horse program activities.
Older children learn a lot about science and chemistry when they're cooking.
Older children learn how tigers are ambush hunters and stalk their prey in the jungles of India.
Older children learn how to handle poison emergencies.
Older children learn more complex skills by actually composing letters.
Older children learn more in-depth material.
Older children learn organized games, teamwork, and the importance of group cooperation.
Older children learn skills such as carpentry and tailoring.
Older children learn that sexual intercourse is a behavior appropriate only for adults.
Older children learn to serve themselves from serving dishes.
Older children learn verbal conflict resolution, street awareness and self-defense.
Older children learn ways to enjoy and help with new baby.
Older children make a totem or kachina doll and create bead rings.
Older children make conscious choices to hold different values than their parents.
Older children make early experiments with gravity, balance, and geometry.
Older children pair as buddies or mentors for younger children.
Older children participate in the Stevenson Orchestra, where music-reading skills are reinforced.
Older children place importance in peers.
Older children practise investigating a problem looking for evidence.
Older children provide models that younger ones try to emulate.
Older Children Raising a child can bring a lot of joy but also a lot of worry for a parent.
Older children react differently.
Older children receive a different kind of attention from younger siblings.
Older children reinforce their knowledge as they share it with younger children.
Older children remain with their families in the service.
Older children remain with their parents during the service.
Older children require a slightly more sophisticated home hearing test than infants do.
Older children require more information.
Older children require more original stories, ranging from problem to maturity to dating issues.
Older children require their own room.
Older children return to their seats in the sanctuary.
Older children schedule meetings or study groups with each other the teacher when necessary.
Older children see and hear violence.
Older children see the moral dilemma.
Older children seem comfortable and accepting of their roles as caretakers of younger children.
Older children serve as models, which can decrease negative or maladaptive behavior.
Older children share what they have learned while reinforcing their own learning.
Older children show increased ability to resist using drugs or alcohol.
Older children sit in a comfortable swivel chair that can be positioned for the examiner's comfort.
Older children sit securely with the standard safety belt if they use a booster cushion.
Older children smile broadly as they climb into the back of the pick-up.
Older children sustain more fall-related injuries from playground equipment.
Older children sustain skull fractures, skull penetrations and hematomas.
Older children swallow air with gum-chewing.
Older children take risks and get burned by matches, lighters or other substances.
Older children take turns to feed and look after our fishy friends.
Older children teach and help younger children and share the fun of the games together.
Older children tear through on their bikes, rushing to after-school swim team or a friend's house.
Older children tend to be frightened by either focus.
Older children tend to be less jealous than their younger sibling.
Older children tend to have poor motivation and concentration and are easily tired.
Older Children tend to have worries about providing or losing financial support.
Older children tend to ingest animal droppings, sand, insects, leaves, pebbles, and cigarette butts.
Older Children Use car safety belts at all times.
Older children visit and stay over on weekends.
Older children wait in the toilets and take money from younger ones.
Older children wear vehicle safety belts.
Older children welcome.
Older children work in groups.
Older children write independently.
Older children write their own words on the stones.
Many older children are available for adoption from Romania as well.
Many older children enjoy raw vegetables served with their own individual bowl of dip.
Some older children can stay at home alone.
Some older children have bullet wounds or other injuries.
Some older children have contractures.
Some older children like to take advantage of lack of communication between the parents.
Most older chips use one single voltage.
Many older churches have a house that can be offered rent free in return for ministry.
Older citizens are in a unique position.
Older citizens are more organized than ever before and they vote.
Older citizens are often victims of fraudulent schemes.
Older citizens constitute a large and valuable section of our population who have educational needs.
Older citizens depend on their monthly benefit to make ends meet.
Older citizens fear being removed from their homes.
Older citizens have great enthusiasm for working to protect the environment for their grandchildren.
Many older citizens are frightened to go out even during the daytime.
Older cities are more likely to have problems.
Older cities are more likely to provide a wide array of municipal services to their residents.
Older classmates encourage, coach and collaborate with younger students.
Many older classrooms have one or two electrical outlets, and no telephone connections.
Older clients can be vulnerable and the subject of undue influence.
Older clients can upgrade to our new servers for free.
Older clients tend to be less egocentric in the way they construct their ideal.
Older clients value a mature instructor's understanding of their concerns and experiences.
Older clients welcome.
Older clips remain in Real format.
Older clocks can be a different story.
Older clothing is advised as is the use of lab coats or aprons.
Older clothing is advised, as is the use of lab coats or aprons.
Older Clusters have redder turn-off points.
Older coins are available from professional numismatic firms by outright purchase or auction.
Older coins have much more than their face value in gold content.
All older columns are available in the archives .
Older communities struggle to thrive across Maryland.
Older companies can undergo major trauma and major restructuring in a few years.
Older companies have the advantage of being able to retain top talent more easily.
Older companies tend to pay more, and sometimes it's a reflection of overall industry health.
Many older companies use a similar basic system today.
Older computers are also generally simpler and therefore easier to understand at a component level.
Older computers are usually upgradeable to a point, but there is a limit.
Older computers can sure come in handy.
Older computers find other uses on campus, or are sold to hardware recyclers.
Older computers require the hard drive type to be entered manually.
Many older computers have the older uni-directional parallel port.
Most older computers can handle it easily.
Most older computers use only the last two digits of the date.
Some older computers allow only certain maximum memory capacity.
Some older computers are picky as to how the drive is jumpered.
Some older computers can access some of the features used in online materials.
Some older computers have the battery and real-time clock built into a single unit.
Older condors dominate the carcass through brute force and intimidation.
Older Consumers care more about comfort than fashion when dressing for the indoors.
Older consumers have distinctive characteristics.
Older Consumers lose millions of dollars each year because of financial exploitation.
Older consumers respond better to less aggressive advertising.
Older content is dropped as new, current content and information is addded.
Older contrails seen in Illinois are broader and more diffuse.
Older contributions are to be found in the archive .
Older contributions are to be found in the archives .
Older controllers are sometimes incompatible with new equipment.
Older convicts complain about noisy kids.
Older copiers are often unreliable in doing double-sided copying.
Older copies are in the reference stacks.
Many older corporations have vast archives of microfilm.
Older correspondence is stored on microfilm.
Older couples can call upon wisdom and experience they lacked going into their first marriages.
Older couples can explore whole new aspects to their relationships.
Older couples can often be positive role modes for younger ones.
Older couples emphasize intimacy over physical prowess.
Older couples read books or newspapers.
Many older couples dislike their birth control options.
Many older couples enjoy a visit to the zoo.
Some older couples find that they now have the freedom to start 'dating' again.
Older course is wide open, larger greens.
Older cows are more likely to develop the disease, given mad cow disease's long incubation period.
Older cows have fewer reproductive years remaining reducing their value for breeding purposes.
Older cows make money.
Older cows seem to respond better than first lactation cows.
Older cows tend to have a greater proportion of residual milk than heifers.
Older cows tend to have more infections.
Older coyotes are masters at survival and teach each other well.
Older crabs molt less frequently but require the same care.
Older crabs molt less frequently than younger ones.
Older crabs tend to burrow farther from water.
Older cranes rely upon the operator to tie down the crane during high wind conditions.
Many older craters are visible that have lost their rays.
Older cribs can present many dangers to children, including strangulation and suffocation.
Older crop is in fair shape.
Older crops have some fruit losses due to gummy stem blight and anthracnose.
Older crowds are often interested only in looking good and getting drunk.
Older crowns become round-topped.
Older crust is moved away from the ridges as new crust is created.
Older cubs can handle more of it than younger ones.
Many older cultures believe that time is cyclic, that it repeats.
Older customer is isolated, in unhealthy or unsafe environment.
Older customer seems afraid to speak in front of other.
Older customers are among the most affluent, stable depositors for a financial institution.
Older cyclists celebrate the end of the workday with a fast-paced ride before supper.
Older Dalmatians can make wonderful pets.
Many older dams pose hazards from years of poor maintenance.
Older dates are usually only approximate, sometimes only educated guesses.
Older data are insufficient to provide reliable hemispheric temperature estimates.
Older data have to be restored from off-line storage.
Older data is available to the viewer through the archive path.
Older data is compiled from paper records or the older PMIS system.
Older data needs to be archived.
Older data tells a similar story with respect to longer-term earnings.
Older daughter has asthma.
Older decoders can only display roll-up captions at the bottom of the screen.
Older deer grow large antlers with six or more tines.
Older deer grow sets of antlers with branching tines.
Many older denominations are in rapid decline with aging memberships.
Older design looks big, heavy, and ugly compared with the competition.
Older designs are different.
Some older designs use a loop of cable housing running from a stop near the bottom of the down tube.
Older desks sell for a song.
Older developers have the opposite problem.
Older devices use chlorofluorocarbons, or CFCs, as the propellant.
Many older devices lack the option to reconfigure baud rate, data format and handshaking.
Older dimmer switches save more energy than the new solid-state dimmer switches on the market today.
Older directories are still available.
Older disks have a constant number of sectors per track.
Older disks have the same number of sectors on all tracks.
Some older distributions are available from the old clip software ftp directory .
Older divers have a higher percentage of body fat.
Older doctors are more likely than younger physicians to have had a recent sigmoidoscopy.
Some older doctors think it's too hard and therefore unsafe to maneuver through a small hole.
Older documents are also available, either electronically or through traditional delivery methods.
Older documents are here .
Older documents are less likely to be available electronically.
Older documents are normally only available at present in tex, latex or postscript.
Older documents are, paradoxically, often in a better state of preservation than more modern items.
Most older documents are unavailable on the web.
Some older documents are at the bottom.
Older dogs are also available.
Older dogs are also more prone to developing overuse injuries.
Older dogs are good at giving love, once they get into their new, loving home.
Older dogs are house-trained.
Older dogs are just as capable of learning as younger dogs.
Older dogs are less advertised, so ask around at shows or field trials.
Older dogs are more at risk.
Older dogs are more likely to have heart failure due to mitral valve insufficiency.
Older dogs are more sedentary, but really enjoy walking.
Older dogs are much more devoted and loving.
Older dogs are smart and grateful companions.
Older dogs are usually more mellow.
Older dogs are usually more quiet than rowdy young dogs.
Older dogs become more susceptible to such diseases of old age as tumors.
Older dogs benefit from regular walks if they are up to it.
Older dogs can be trained as well, it is never too late.
Older dogs can begin training as soon as they have settled into their new surroundings.
Older dogs can focus better because they're more mellow.
Older dogs can get dental problems just like older people.
Older dogs can get enough of the essentials from just boiling meat bones.
Older dogs can go for more than a few minutes without having to go potty.
Older dogs can remain in their crates a little longer.
Older dogs can sometimes benefit by repeated exposures to other dogs if introduced properly.
Older dogs can take time as well.
Older dogs catch on to the potty or housebreaking pretty fast once they are shown what to do.
Older dogs chew to relieve boredom.
Older dogs go through physical changes in their later years, just as people do.
Older dogs have so much love to offer.
Older dogs have their behaviour patterns established as well.
Older dogs love it the most.
Older dogs make excellent pets for older individuals too.
Older dogs make excellent pets.
Older dogs tend to be calmer.
Older dogs tend to settle in easily because they have learned how to get along with others.
Many older dogs are very healthy well into their teens.
Many older dogs develop arthritis in their joints and spondyliti changes the spine.
Most older dogs chew out of boredom.
Some older dogs can have behavior problems so engrained that they simply become management cases.
Some older dogs develop a temporary head tilt from an unknown cause.
Older donors are also most likely to make larger donations.
Most older downtowns have more commercial space than is warranted by demand.
Older dragons sleep more heavily.
Older drinkers are likely to be on medications.
Some older drives allow four choices IDs.
Older drivers are also more likely to be involved in multiple-vehicle crashes.
Older drivers are at the greatest risk.
Older drivers are better than younger drivers, true, but there is a lot of room for improvement.
Older drivers are however, a major problem in terms of their risk of crashing while driving.
Older drivers are less likely to drink and drive.
Older drivers are less likely to survive a serious crash that younger drivers.
Older drivers are more inclined to suffer hearing loss.
Older drivers are more likely to get confused in heavy traffic and to misunderstand road signs.
Older drivers are more sensitive to glare, while requiring more light to see.
Older drivers are therefore more at risk in certain situations i.e. crossing a road junction.
Older drivers are therefore more at risk in novel situations.
Older drivers can cause frequent crashes with seating charts when dragging desks.
Older drivers can cause unexpected errors.
Older drivers do have distinctive motor vehicle crash patterns.
Older drivers exhibit the lowest crash rate of any age group per vehicle mile traveled.
Older drivers face diminished vision Older drivers catch a lot of flack.
Older drivers have even greater difficulties seeing at night.
Older drivers have fewer collisions, because they drive less and at less dangerous times.
Older drivers have fewer crashes as a group than younger drivers do.
Older drivers seem to become more obstructionist as their abilities change.
Older drivers tend to avoid inclement conditions and driving during peak times.
Older drivers tend to avoid rush hour traffic, poor weather conditions, and night driving.
Older drivers tend to decline with age.
Older drivers tend to show better judgment on the road.
Many older drivers have difficulty accelerating to the speed of traffic on expressways.
More older drivers means higher risk of vehicle crashes.
Most older drivers pass with only minor issues.
Some older drivers become much more accident-prone because of failing faculties.
Some older drivers find it useful to impose limits on the places and times that they drive.
Some older drivers take twice as long as younger drivers to recognize the flash of brake lights.
Some older drivers take twice as long to distinguish a flash of brake lights as younger drivers.
Older drug is effective in treating heart failure.
Any older duplicate is eliminated from the list.
Older easterners are the lost generation.
Older edition is in careers section.
Older editions are available on Microfiche.
Older editions are available upon request at cheaper prices.
Older editions are either in the stacks or on microfilm.
Older editions are good but lack sections on molecular genetics.
Older editions are in circulating collection.
Older editions are in stacks.
Older editions are in the general circulating collection.
Older editions are in the government documents section.
Older editions are in the stacks.
Older editions are on the lower level.
Older editions are useful, and available at bargain prices.
Older editions can be seriously out of date.
Older editions circulate.
Older editions have different material and different problems.
All older editions are available at a discount while supplies last.
Many older effects use very simple ICs that are still being made.
Older egg masses bleach out from weathering.
Older eggs are much easier to peel than fresh eggs.
Older eggs require increased ventilation.
Older eggs tend to be easier to peel than fresh eggs.
Older eggs tend to be less likely to develop into viable embryos once fertilized.
Older eggs turn deep yellow and red eyespots become visible when the nymphs are ready to hatch.
Older elephants have larger tusks of ivory, the principal target of poachers.
Older elephants leave a more undefined footprint because of smoother ridges and worn heels.
Older embryos require longer in the pronase.
Older employees are able to schedule work at convenient and desirable times.
Older employees are to receive credit for past years of service.
Older employees bring a wealth of knowledge, experience, and dependability to the workplace.
Older employees can learn new technology as easily as younger employees.
Older employees can work as mentors for interns during actual training and supervision.
Older employees have valuable experience and wisdom to offer an organization.
Older employees work as well as younger employees in most jobs.
Older employees work in almost every department on the retirement community campus.
Some older engines have plugs in place of dipsticks.
Older entries are accessible through the archives .
Older entries contain other words.
Older entries sink to the bottom.
Older equipment includes a log cabin, tire swing and sand.
Older equipment is removed and new more efficient chillers are operated to serve numerous buildings.
Older equipment is upgraded or replaced as needed to maintain system integrity.
Older equipment powered by gasoline engines can be up to twice as polluting as new equipment.
Older exams are still available for check-out at the Law Library Circulation Desk.
Older examples lose the pure black to normal weathering.
Some older examples are available below.
Older exhibits are eligible if they have undergone major renovations within the past three years.
Older experts emphasize the importance of monitoring their own health and level of functionality.
Older eyes adapt much more slowly to changes in light levels.
Older fabrics loose their resistance to tearing, to stretching, and to rubbing.
Older factories tend to be more crowded, less well lit, and less well ventilated.
Some older faculty refuse to teach cooperative learning courses.
Older fallers are less likely to use a hand to break a fall because of declining strength.
Older farmers depend on the sale of their lands to support themselves in retirement.
Many older farmers believe their cows are more than mere milk factories to be used up and discarded.
Older fathers increase risk of child developing schizophrenia .
Older fawns are also very shy and high- strung.
All older features are available in the archives .
Older females are brown.
Older females are more likely to mate more than once a year.
Older females can produce up to two litters of young per year.
Older females have an appearance similar to young fish, retaining their a uniform blackish coloring.
Older females resemble young fish, retaining their a uniform blackish coloring.
Older females resemble young fish, retaining their uniform black coloring.
Older females stay in the most central part.
Older females tend to produce larger litters than young females.
Older females travel with their children and grandchildren.
Older fields decline, picked over and mowed.
Older fields show a lighter than normal fruit set for the crown crop.
Older files are still available at downloads .
Older files require thinning, archiving, or replacement.
Older films allow comparisons to determine whether an abnormality is new, old, or has changed.
Older films are even cheaper.
Older firms are an increasing proportion of companies.
Some older firms have files going back to the turn of the century.
Older fish are bigger and produce more eggs.
Older fish are more likely to have accumulated chemicals in their fatty tissues.
Older fish are mottled with black and brown and have a greenish dorsal fin with a black spot.
Older fish are present in moderate numbers.
Older fish are prone to infections.
Older fish eat an assortment of insects, worms, crustaceans, and small fish.
Older fish eat fishmeal pellets.
Older fish take mainly a variety of benthic invertebrates.
Older fish turn gray.
Older fishes spit the hard egg shell out.
Older fledglings are fed by parents and helpers.
Older flowers develop orange to red tints.
Older flowers have more nectar.
Older flowers rot quickly.
Older flies are more likely to have a mature infection than younger ones.
Older flies have a slower wing beat frequency.
Older foals have more energy reserves and can better cope with the disease.
Older foliage has a bitter flavor and a tough texture.
Older foliage has a thin maroon margin.
Older folk tend to treat themselves for backache and minor cuts and wounds.
Older folks are just the beginning.
Older folks are too frail to deal with a recovery program.
Older folks are welcome as well and are given the title of a ranger.
Older folks can chill and set a good example for the younger set.
Older folks can say they've been Ashburn fans all their lives.
Older folks come to stare and play.
Older folks go if they can take it.
Older folks keep their talents hidden under a bushel.
Older folks pass away.
Older folks see a definite improvement from the early days.
Older folks use it too.
Older folks walk downtown from their homes to sit by the lake in the sun.
Many older folks have a bit of technophobia.
Older forests contain more perennial grasses and shrubs than do young stands.
Older forests contain surprises for climate science and ecosystem biology.
Older forms are large with tall inflorescences of red flowers.
Older fossils are harder to find as they are usually buried at a considerable depth.
Older fossils are less common than recent fossils.
Older fossils are on the bottom, younger fossils are closer to the top and most recent strata.
Many older frames have a counter device on the back.
Many older fridges contain harmful CFCs, so it is essential that they are disposed of correctly.
Older friends can help with a trip to the zoo or the mall or just by playing catch.
Older frogs lose their skin around four times yearly.
Older fronds are green and the last to die.
Older fruits become dull colored, soft and seedy.
Older fruits become dull in color, soft, and seedy.
Older furnaces can waste even more.
Older furnaces have no such devices.
Older gals are very popular sex partners.
Older gals have a lot to offer young studs, such as increased libido and sultry sex pics.
Older gals have sexier legs.
Older generations are more likely to have greater perspective when it comes to stocks.
Older generations become better understood, more deeply loved and better cared for.
Older generations can find many benefits by hitching a ride on the information superhighway.
Older generations regard a common concept of younger generations confusing.
Older generations release pheromones to balance the sex ratio in youngsters.
Older generations tend to over-value it, and younger generations tend to discount it.
Every older generation complains about the younger generation.
Older gents love their dogs.
Older gilts tend to have higher ovulation rates when the effect of oestrus number is eliminated.
Older girls call on younger ones.
Older girls can also attend a water sports sampler in Boulder.
Older girls have a much different opinion on the subject.
Older girls have an opportunity to share their skills with others and work with adult volunteers.
Older girls help look after the younger ones.
Older girls learn commercial embroidery and help with the younger children.
Older girls sit on the side of the pool while the younger kids splash in the water.
Older girls stay with mom.
Older gloxinias develop necrotic ringspots on the foliage, as well as necrosis along the veins.
Older goats are generally tougher and less palaataable.
Older goats shed coccidia in the manure and infect the pens.
Older grandchildren can grasp longer term goals, like that first car or a college education.
Older grandchildren open up another kind of business opportunity.
Older grasshoppers are less affected.
Older grief is about aching in gentler ways, rarer longing, less engulfing fire.
Older grief is about searing pain wrought into tenderness.
Older group goes ice skating.
Older group participates in crafts, games, and activities related to the camp theme.
Older groups are divided.
Older groups explore life cycles, food webs, and the water cycle.
Older growers remember previous price drops and realize that businesses run in cycles.
Older growth takes on a matte look.
Older guests are often very sensitive to sound, even at low volumes.
Older guns designed for that round are relatively large and tend to have little recoil.
Older guys come from that generation.
Older guys forget that look sometimes.
Older guys seem glamorous to young girls.
Older guys take care of the coaching.
Some older guys smoke water pipes.
Older gymnasts are relics of the past.
Older hairs have larger, wider algal colonies and obvious deep transverse cracks.
Older hands know that when that sort of talk starts it's time to sell.
Older hardware is in use in our laboratories.
Older hardware is slower allowing more time and increasing comfort levels.
Older hares are more likely to escape predators by fleeing.
Older hatchlings are able to dominate the youngers ones for food because of their size.
Older hawks are very shy and difficult to approach.
Older hens have less ability to effectively store sperm.
Older hens tend to lay larger eggs than younger hens.
Older hens tend to lay larger eggs.
Older home needs some work but has character to add to it's charm.
Older homes are at greater risk.
Older homes are at higher risk for damages.
Older homes are at higher risks for damages.
Older homes are drafty and have high utility bills.
Older homes are especially prone to problems with wiring.
Older homes are farm houses or ranches with more contemporary styles in new subdivisions.
Older homes are harder to sell because they are drafty and have high utility bills.
Older homes are in the city center.
Older homes are likely to be damaged in the process.
Older homes are more likely to have lead-based paint hazards.
Older homes are on half-acre lots with wells and septic systems.
Older homes are subject to appraisal.
Older homes can also have a shortage of space.
Older homes can run an increasing risk of termite infestation.
Older homes cope with single-pane wooden windows that allow air to leak and moisture to rot wood.
Older homes cost more to maintain than new homes.
Older homes have a lot of charm and character.
Older homes have higher maintenance costs.
Older homes mean lower prices.
Older homes reflect their period in history.
Older homes require more maintenance than new homes.
Older homes require more maintenance.
Older homes tend to consume more water both indoors and outdoors than newer homes.
Older homes tend to experience more problem with aggregations due to lack of adequate insulation.
Older homes undergoing extensive remodeling pose a higher risk of exposure to lead.
Many older homes boast a green plaque.
Many older homes contain lead paint.
Many older homes have a small hatchway in the ceiling.
Many older homes have capped stovepipe thimbles in rooms once heated by stoves.
Many older homes have inadequate systems.
Many older homes have less insulation than homes built today.
Many older homes have post and pier foundations which are perfectly safe and legal.
Many older homes have smaller rooms than current homeowners desire.
Most older homes have inadequate plumbing, especially when it comes to laundry drains.
Some older homes have fireplaces in every room.
Older homeowners are a growing market for repair and maintenance services.
Older homeowners are prime targets for unsavory lenders who push high-cost loans.
Older homeowners receive counseling on how to obtain cash against some of the equity in their homes.
Older horns tend to have very thin flares due in part to many years of wear.
Older horses are also prone to wounds that can lead to tetanus.
Older horses are best for beginners.
Older horses are generally more settled and relaxed.
Older horses are less likely to respond to traditional treatment and rest.
Older horses are less susceptible because they develop an immunity.
Older horses are more likely to have teeth problems, but young horses can have problems, too.
Older horses are relatively easy.
Older horses can handle more time, but they sometimes take longer to teach.
Older horses have their own special set of problems and needs, too.
Older horses require a higher amount and a higher quality of protein.
Older horses show off their excellent conformation in Model classes.
Older horses suffer from arthritis and muscle stiffness.
Older horses suffer more in cold conditions.
Many older horses prefer pelleted or extruded forms of grain mixes rather than whole grain diets.
Much older horses are very satisfactory if they are sound.
Older houses are at greater risk of having mold infestations then relatively new houses.
Older houses are clearly worse than newer houses.
Older houses have lead paint.
Older houses have other features designed to keep inhabitants cool during the summer.
Older houses tend to be constructed of adobe or cut stone blocks.
Older houses tend to be less expensive than newer construction of similar square footage.
Older houses tend to be smaller.
Many older houses have a section of the basement that has an earthen floor.
Many older houses have a steel water supply pipe which is steadily corroding.
Older housing tends to have more structural problems and systems failure than newer housing.
Older hyphae are less biochemically active and contain many storage vacuoles .
Older ice appears brighter with more angular edges while newer ice appears dark.
Older ice breaks in an entirely different way than new ice.
All older idiots abound stories are available in the archives .
Older iguanas are strict vegetarians, feeding primarily on plants.
Older iguanas live high up in the trees.
Older images are also available online.
Older images are also available there.
Older images are at the beginning, and newer ones are at the end.
Older images are on the Photos Page .
Older immigrants suffer illness and isolation.
Older individuals are more likely to be taking prescription medications.
Older individuals are much more likely to drink at home or with friends than other age groups.
Older individuals are often caregivers themselves.
Older individuals can expect to be unemployed longer than comparable younger workers.
Older individuals continue to learn and contribute to society.
Older individuals face numerous developmental challenges.
Older individuals have a reduced ability to produce melatonin.
Older individuals have more arms than younger ones.
Older individuals have much to contribute to society.
Older individuals maximize their functioning in the face of progressive disability.
Older individuals suffer from forms of age related macular degeneration .
Older individuals tend to go to sleep early and also wake up early.
Older industries revolve around farming and fishing, and of course whisky distilling.
Older infants can sit up and explore their worlds, which gives their toys a new perspective.
Older infants delight in exploring their world through touch.
Some older infants have temper tantrums at bedtime.
Older infections form a thin, feltlike coating, tan to reddish-brown in color.
Older information is at the bottom.
Older information is over-written with the latest information.
Older informations are in archive.
Some older information is relevant even with newer versions of products.
Older instances involve censorship of text deemed sexual.
Older instars are likely well-defended from vertebrate predators by their venomous spines.
Older instars are yellow-green, and the setae become relatively less prominent with each molt.
Many older instruments have almost nothing but the cellulose left on their surfaces.
Older inventory is still ready for a price reduction unless remodeled.
Some older investors say they like the comfort of having a broker available in emergencies.
Older issues are also available.
Older issues are available below.
Older issues are available in Acrobat only.
Older issues are available in the magazine rack or at the Periodicals Desk.
Older issues are available on microfiche.
Older issues are available on microfilm, also located on the fourth floor, in the Microfilm Area.
Older issues are available on microfilm.
Older issues are available on the second floor.
Older issues are available through their archive.
Older issues are available via a pull service.
Older issues are in alphabetical order in pamphlet boxes on adjacent shelves.
Older issues are in bound volumes in the book stacks at the call number.
Older issues are in call number order on the lower level.
Older issues are in Granada.
Older issues are in Main stacks.
Older issues are in paper format.
Older issues are in the basement of the library.
Older issues are in the collection.
Older issues are in the location listed beside the journal title .
Older issues are in the Main stacks.
Older issues are in the reference stacks.
Older issues are on film.
Older issues are on microfilm also in Serials.
Older issues are on microfilm and can be obtained from the periodicals desk.
Older issues are on microfilm at the library.
Older issues are on microfilm.
Older issues are on the reference shelves.
Older issues are online in their entirety a few weeks after publication.
Older issues are temporarily unavailable.
Older issues are too much outdated.
Older issues are usually available in microfilm, microfiche, or bound volumes.
Older issues go into the bound periodical stacks.
Older issues have links to the articles.
Older issues have nice graphic on cover.
Older issues have only the content page available.
Older issues list only the table of contents.
Older issues provide table of contents access only.
All older issues are in storage in the basement.
Most older issues are on microfilm in the microforms room.
Most older issues are out of print and sold out.
Most older issues are out of sale, but available as book.
Some older issues are available on microfilm or from storage.
Some older issues are available on our software archive.
Some older issues are available only in microfilm.
Some older issues are on microfilm.
Older items are at the bottom.
Older items are available from the archive .
Older items are on top, newer ones further down the list.
Older items end in numbers.
Some older items are still useful for clientele groups.
Older journals are in storage and unavailable for public use.
Most older journals circulate for one week.
Older juveniles have gray plumage, with brown and pink markings, and black or gray legs and bills.
Older juveniles occupy bays and shallow coastal waters, often near rocks or kelp.
Older keys manufactured on the East coast are less common on the West coast.
Older kids are different.
Older kids are fine though.
Older kids are great at salad.
Older kids are harder to get through to, it seems.
Older kids are just as vulnerable as young ones.
Older kids are less easily distracted, though wrapping still helps.
Older kids are more accepting.
Older kids are more standoffish.
Older kids are more vocal about their needs and thus can exert more peer pressure to share.
Older kids are safe and supervised after school.
Older kids are welcome to join the fun in many different programs.
Older kids are welcome.
Older kids build math, reading and computer skills.
Older kids can actually help with the cooking itself.
Older kids can also make gifts in the kitchen- fudge, truffles, christmas gingerbread.
Older kids can be great help.
Older kids can be just as tough as a baby to keep happy along the way.
Older kids can chew gum.
Older kids can distinguish between abdominal pains and heartburn.
Older kids can do any show, even the most elementary, if they perform for smaller people.
Older kids can do it themselves.
Older kids can enjoy making a book for a younger child.
Older kids can enjoy more structured activities.
Older kids can enjoy the thrill of electronic adventures in the Video Games room.
Older kids can even try to write down the capital of each state as they go.
Older kids can explore the interactive exhibits at the town hall to learn how to run a town.
Older kids can get on the Internet if grown ups want to linger over coffee.
Older kids can go deep sea or inland charter fishing.
Older kids can handle seasoned one-pot rice dishes or pasta and sauce deals.
Older kids can handle tubes of decorating gel.
Older kids can help slice, bake, decorate the cookies and then insert the sticks.
Older kids can join volleyball games played on the beach.
Older kids can learn about civil rights, drug abuse prevention, and Internet safety.
Older kids can learn about rain forests, arctic animals, dinosaurs and sea horses.
Older kids can learn to read an outdoor thermometer.
Older kids can learn to take some responsibility for much younger ones.
Older kids can measure while younger siblings pour ingredients into the bowl and stir.
Older kids can participate in a much more physical way.
Older kids can participate in any of the specialty camps - soccer, baseball and basketball.
Older kids can play checkers or chess using magnetic game boards.
Older kids can play games involving geography, fractions, and more.
Older kids can practice math or reading.
Older kids can probably go every hour and are more likely to keep tabs on their intake themselves.
Older kids can probably staple it themselves.
Older kids can receive email and read what others have written about the food.
Older kids can ride along with the regular treks.
Older kids can ride in the street after they learn the rules of the road.
Older kids can stuff and stamp envelopes or even answer the phone.
Older kids can tackle one of their own, like window cleaning.
Older kids can take classes in golf, tennis, and horseback riding.
Older kids can thread the beads using fishing line, and make long enough to slip over their head.
Older kids can track an earthquake on a seismograph and analyze astronomical images.
Older kids can train the toy to respond to a series of voice commands.
Older kids can train the toy to respond to a series voice commands.
Older kids can use a map to help plan a family vacation or a day trip.
Older kids can use a sharp paring knife.
Older kids can write a report on some aspect of their chosen country.
Older kids can write down their own stories, or keep a journal.
Older kids don flippers to make it even more challenging.
Older kids enjoy volunteer-led therapeutic play sessions, too.
Older kids have special activities available.
Older kids help the younger ones learn the skills.
Older kids keep an eye on the younger ones.
Older kids learn names, functions and locations as they play.
Older kids learn quickly how to rub their eyes, to get the contact lens out.
Older kids learn to sail and participate in weekly regattas.
Older kids love solving the mystery, which involves listening, reading, and basic logical thinking.
Older kids love working out to tapes.
Older kids mediate with each other and younger students with each other.
Older kids play soccer, sing, dance and generally act like kids.
Older kids read more classics than littler people.
Older kids relish the independence of covering the countryside under their own power.
Older kids require a nanny that can set real limits and command the respect of their charges.
Older kids see things differently.
Older kids seem to be more aware of each other at the computer.
Older kids seem to be more patient, but any lecturer who babbles on and on can be troublesome.
Older kids seem to enjoy it as much as the little guys and girls have as much fun as boys.
Older kids shoot pool or play ping-pong.
Older kids start showing the same signs as adults.
Older kids study Bible lessons and books on Christian living.
Older kids talk younger kids into hitting people up.
Older kids use the book to explain their beginnings to friends.
Some older kids become depressed.
Some older kids push around younger kids at school.
Older Kindergartners can draw a picture on each pocket that illustrates the words above the pocket.
Older Kindergartners can usually cut out hearts.
Older kittens can have copious nasal discharge, be unable to smell or eat, but seem fine otherwise.
Older kittens tame more slowly and usually retain some degree of skittishness all their lives.
Older knives feel and work like new again.
Many older ladies join gyms and they often feel more comfortable here than in a co-ed environment.
Older lambs deposit more fat, thus their requirement for protein diminishes.
Older lambs provide meat with a stronger flavor than young animals.
Older languages are more complex.
Older languages take a very simple view of data types.
Older larvae are black with yellow stripes and up to two inches long.
Older larvae are bright green with a prominent white stripe along the back.
Older larvae are green with a pale yellow lateral line edged beneath with a fine black line.
Older larvae are green with black and yellow spots or markings on each segment.
Older larvae are greenish brown and more prominently striped.
Older larvae are greenish.
Older larvae are harder to control.
Older larvae are known as megalopa.
Older larvae are less gregarious and can be found crawling on lawns and the sides of houses.
Older larvae are more or less cylindrical and taper toward the head and tail.
Older larvae are more tolerant of pesticides.
Older larvae are olive gray then jade green, with yellowish-brown heads.
Older larvae consume entire needles and nibble at the bark.
Older larvae consume irregular areas of leaves, characteristically leaving the larger leaf veins.
Older larvae consume the entire leaf, except the midribs and major veins.
Older larvae create irregular shot holes while leaving the upper surface intact.
Older larvae devour the leaf lamina, leaving the veins.
Older larvae feed extensively on flowers, buds, and foliage.
Older larvae feed in the center of the cane and work downward.
Older larvae feed mainly from the undersurfaces.
Older larvae feed on a broader range of trees including cedar, pine, spruce and fir.
Older larvae feed on and skeletonize the leaves.
Older larvae feed on flowers during bloom and on young fruit.
Older larvae feed on leaf edges, consuming entire leaves, except for larger veins and midribs.
Older larvae feed on needles and construct the web mass.
Older larvae feed only in the early dawn.
Older larvae have a dark schlerotized area on the prothorax and on the last segment of the abdomen.
Older larvae occur in the root zone where insecticides fail to penetrate.
Older larvae strip the leaves except for the petioles.
Older lawyers are more likely to have a fecal blood test than are younger attorneys.
Older lawyers are so much more trustworthy looking, too.
Many older lawyers complain that practicing law just isn t fun anymore.
Older leaves are dark green with light veins.
Older leaves are more injured than new growth.
Older leaves are more susceptible than younger leaves.
Older leaves are more susceptible.
Older leaves become thickened and have an upward rolling of their bases.
Older leaves can develop a silver sheen.
Older leaves develop interveinal yellow patches which eventually turn brown as the leaves desiccate.
Older leaves die and fall as the tree grows.
Older leaves die early.
Older leaves fall, based in plant bear.
Older leaves have irregular yellow areas which are interveinal.
Older leaves have yellow or tan rings.
Older leaves show fine interveinal yellow or yellow-white mottling.
Older leaves show interveinal yellow-mottling in the severest cases.
Older leaves show interveinal yellow-mottling particularly at the leaf margins.
Older leaves show regularly shaped black Black spot disease.
Older leaves show signs of small necrotic areas that look like small black specks.
Older leaves show symptoms first.
Older leaves show white spots and Red spider mite.
Older leaves stay green.
Older leaves turn down, loose their gloss and die.
Older leaves turn yellow in severe cases.
Older leaves turn yellow or bown and drop off.
Older leaves turn yellow or brown and drop off.
Older learners seek enrichment and career advancement.
Some older leases require a minimum royalty payment if the lease is capable of producing.
Older leaves are a bit tougher and hotter.
Older leaves are blighted and later die in large numbers.
Older leaves are less fuzzy.
Older leaves are lighter green, with entire edges, and are deciduous.
Older leaves are most likely to be affected.
Older leaves are much tougher and more able to withstand a frost.
Older leaves are pale, yellowish, stunted, and leathery.
Older leaves are resistant to infection.
Older leaves are usually the first affected.
Older leaves assume a purple-bronze color.
Older leaves become bitter.
Older leaves become more fibrous, but can still be boiled and eaten.
Older leaves become pale green and within weeks turn brown.
Older leaves can turn red in autumn.
Older leaves develop a yellow mottle with enlarged veins.
Older leaves develop both white and brown dead areas that resemble rust.
Older leaves develop gray or fertilizer, organic matter, or tan areas near margins.
Older leaves develop gray or tan areas near the margins.
Older leaves develop reddish tints beginning at margins.
Older leaves develop small, brown spots in the summer during wet weather.
Older leaves develop yellow blotches.
Older leaves die and fall as the tree grows.
Older leaves die prematurely.
Older leaves drop early, except for tufts of young leaves at the tips.
Older leaves drop off and die quickly.
Older leaves have a glossy, leathery look, darker green above and a lighter green below.
Older leaves have bright orange, red and purple tints and defoliate early.
Older leaves have brown spots surrounded by a chlorotic circle or zone.
Older leaves have dark brown blotches or triangular areas that are mostly along the veins.
Older leaves remain green.
Older leaves show drop-out along the veins with sections missing.
Older leaves show injury.
Older leaves show marginal and interveinal reddening.
Older leaves taste bitter.
Older leaves turn a pale green and the veins are usually a reddish color.
Older leaves turn brown in winter in northern states unless pro- tected.
Older leaves turn brown, and dead areas occur along the leaf veins.
Older leaves turn green.
Older leaves turn prematurely yellow or red.
Older lesions are dark brown with a slight yellow border.
Older lesions are larger and assume a circular appearance unless delimited by the leaflet margin.
Older lesions are olive-colored because of sporulation of the fungus.
Older lesions are oval with tan centers and dark brown borders.
Older lesions are predominantly yellow or even brown.
Older lesions are usually V-shaped with the widest part at the leaf edge.
Older lesions become darker, extend to the upper leaf surface and proceed along veins.
Older lesions dry up and become papery in texture, but retain the black color.
Older lesions have a light center with a darker red to purple-brown border.
Older lesions have fibrosis with narrowing of the lumen and thrombosis.
Older lesions show chronic granulation tissue.
Some older lineages appear to trace back to the very earliest settlers in southeast Asia.
Older link contains a redirector.
Older linoleum contains asbestos and needs to be professionally removed.
Older literature presents a special problem.
Older literature remains valuable in many fields.
Older lithosphere is thicker.
Older machines are available to use with older media.
Older machines are harder to get parts for.
Older machines have different hardware - they are different computers.
Older machines have only the vertical key slot.
Older machines have to be rotated into less-demanding roles as new ones become available.
Older machines require the patient to lie flat on a table inside a long tunnel.
Older machines use a high-voltage transfer corona mechanism and generate large amounts of ozone.
Many older machines require installation of modules in sets of two or even four at a time.
Some older machines require a restart to successfully change resolution.
Some older machines use different memory chips than newer machines.
Older magazines can be difficult to find.
Older magpies are noisy when trying to scare predators away from their nest.
Older males are especially easy to introduce.
Older males are generally solitary.
Older males are more heavy-bodied than their female counterparts.
Older males are more likely to groom important allies when challenges from young males arise.
Older males are often solitary or spend their time in small bachelor groups.
Older males are often solitary.
Older males are sometimes so melanistic that the markings are lost.
Older males are usually solitary except during the breeding season.
Older males are usually solitary most of the year.
Older males can be especially difficult.
Older males can get even bigger .
Older males can get even bigger.
Older males develop a crown of muscle and hair that makes the head look even longer.
Older males develop the characteristic thick jowls.
Older males develop wide cheek pads, a unique feature among primates.
Older males have a dark face pattern.
Older males have a long beard.
Older males have higher insemination success in a beetle.
Older males have more breeding success than younger individuals.
Older males have red streaks near the head and back.
Older males leave first, followed by juvenile males and sometimes juvenile females.
Older males possess the most power and influence.
Older males sport a beard, which is absent in the younger animals.
Older males sway more than older females.
Older males tend to be black.
Older males tend to be solitary.
Older males tend to become more isolated.
Older males tend to remain solitary and establish very set territories.
Older man meets younger woman.
Older men appear capable of helping the women garner the resources needed to raise a child.
Older men are also at greater risk.
Older men are also more at risk because of decreased elasticity in their blood vessels.
Older men are at the highest risk of suicide.
Older men are babe magnets.
Older men are like a gourmet restaurant.
Older men are more likely to be within guidelines, as are respondents with a chronic disease.
Older men are more likely to surf than women, though women's usage is growing.
Older men are more likely to use firearms, and are therefore more likely to complete the act.
Older men are most likely to consider the coverage too heavy.
Older men are quick on the draw.
Older men are slower to erect and ejaculate.
Older men can become incontinent as the result of prostate surgery.
Older men can have erections at the same frequency and strength as younger men.
Older men can work with young fathers.
Older men come from a generation in which much of their self-worth was derived from work.
Older men command more resources than younger men.
Older men commit suicide four to six times the rate worldwide as do women, but there are anomalies.
Older men create wars.
Older men declare war.
Older men develop UTIs when an enlarged prostate blocks the flow of urine.
Older men follow their fears, younger men their hopes.
Older men have an increased risk of cancer of the prostate gland, as well.
Older men have it more because of they have more hair and it is thicker .
Older men have it more because of they have more hair and it is thicker.
Older men have special insight into the challenges of being and becoming an adult male.
Older men have the right to boss around younger women.
Older men keep their erections longer.
Older men kill boys by generating and financing wars.
Older men make less semen .
Older men make less semen.
Older men produce less semen .
Older men produce less semen.
Older men remain statistically more likely to move the household into in-home medical service use.
Older men see it in the setting and circumstances which have changed.
Older men see themselves as being self-reliant.
Older men show some evidence of a physiologic decline in gonadal function.
Older men sit around, talk, and chew miraa a mild stimulant that is chewed with gum.
Older men sit on street corners and question strangers as to who they are and what they want.
Older men take longer to ejaculate and are less aware that they are about to ejaculate.
Older men tend to be more involved fathers.
Older men tend to become bald.
Older men tend to desire women that are for partners.
Older men wear baggy trousers that are wound tightly around the cuff.
Older men wear robes or capes over tunics.
Many older men perform much better than the younger set, especially in feats of endurance.
Many older men take blood pressure medication, heart medication or are diabetic.
Many older men wind up needing to wear glasses permanently.
Most older men are married.
Most older men say that.
Some older men are uncertain if they ejaculated, even though they did.
Some older men develop an enlarged or cancerous prostate gland.
Older managers are more set in their ways.
Most older manuals are available as fische only.
Older maps can be of use in tracing the locations of landfill sites and contaminated land.
Older maps have a variety of grid systems and lettering schemes.
Most older maps delineate the location of the Sargasso Sea with seaweed.
Older mares are less likely to have foals.
Older mares have a high incidence of early embryonic deaths.
Older mares have older ova which are more susceptible to early embryonic death.
Older martins come first, then younger ones.
Many older mats become very hard due to age and years of compression.
Older material includes physics, engineering, materials science.
Older material is available for physics, engineering, and materials science.
Older material is available here.
Older material is available only in printed version.
Older material is included as well.
Older material is listed in a card and microfiche catalogue.
Older material is moved sunward by tidal effects of Jupiter and Uranus.
Older material is purchased selectively to fill gaps in the collection.
Older material is retained and systematically preserved to meet the needs of historical research.
Older material is retained and systematically preserved to serve the needs of historical research.
Older material is retained for historical research and actively preserved.
Older material is retained for historical research and is actively preserved.
Older material is retained for historical research with active preservation efforts.
Older material is retained for historical research.
Older material is retained for the use of researchers.
Older material is retained if pertinent for historical research within the curriculum.
Older material is retained if pertinent for historical research.
Older material is stored in open stacks.
Older material is welcomed.
Older material tends to suffer from a more severe bias.
Older materials are in a separate collection within the rare book room.
Older materials are purchases selectively to fill specific needs.
Older materials are worth a look.
Some older material can still be very useful.
Some older material has a PC number, eg.
Some older material has a PC number,eg.
Some older material is only on a microfiche catalogue.
Some older materials are available in microfiche only.
Older members are excellent resources for younger members and new initiates.
Older members are most welcome to explore their interests on their own.
Older members can design their own t-shirts.
Older members can even apply for special trips, awards and scholarships.
Older members can join the movement in a variety of ways.
Older members come to do right by their hearts and hips.
Older members drop out.
Older members give advice on professor expectations and what is needed to perform well in a class.
Older members have fewer years before retirement to invest in their account.
Older members have jobs or built businesses.
Older members have to be sensitive.
Older members provide continuity and stability.
Older members recall that after the move the badly damaged layout never ran properly.
Older members receive suitable work assignments according to their health and stamina.
Older messages are down below.
Older messages are in the archive.
Older messages concerning make-up and other topics are still there also.
Older messages follow.
Older messages show the original spelling.
Older methods take up to three hours.
Older methodologies substitute the same value for all missing records.
Older minds are prone to stray Down the path of by gone day.
Older minors have the right to refuse to consent to the collection of such evidence.
Older mockingbirds sing.
Older models rely on a PC card slot or use an adhesive.
Older models require a makeshift cover-like a bucket turned upside down in the attic.
Older models vary on price according to condition, quality of the sample library and any extras.
Many older models have low SEER numbers.
Many older models rival the better lenses produced today.
Some older models have a continuous tuner that allows reception of all frequencies.
Some older models have a shear pin to keep the propellers in place.
Some older models have four bolts at the base.
Older modems are capable of transmitting or receiving only at a given time.
Older modems send also a tone which selects data.
Some older modems are unable to upgrade their 'modem drivers'.
Older moms have more cesarean sections.
Older moms tout benefits of waiting to have kids.
Older motels tend to have more problems.
Older mothers are more likely to have had other children.
Older mothers disagree, of course.
Older mothers live longer.
Older mice have a single button that lets users click or select items on the screen.
Older mice have more body fat than younger mice.
Older mice have more histologic evidence of disease than younger mice.
Older mice have more mineralized bone and are an outstanding source of bone for shell growth.
Many older mowers have no safety devices.
Older mums are also more likely to deliver by Caesarean sections.
Older mums are just as welcome.
Older muscles tend to get stiff, and tight muscles are more likely to get injured.
Older music is another story altogether.
Older narwhals are mostly white, with dark pigment spots on the head and neck.
Older nations persist with claims to their cultural homeland.
Older needles are susceptible throughout the growing season.
Older needles turn purplish brown.
Older needles turn yellow, then brown in late summer, early fall.
Older neighbors welcome younger people rediscovering the neighborhood.
Older neighborhoods suffer from redlining by banks and insurance companies.
Older neighborhoods tend to change more gradually.
Most older neighborhoods have streets and sidewalks that are relatively pleasant.
Older nestlings are larger and have a greater chance at survival than younger, smaller ones.
Older nettles can become a little toxic later in the year.
Older neutrophils have more than five lobes and are called hypersegmented.
Older news are in history .
Older news are still available.
Older news is also available.
Older news is archived by subject and easy to locate.
Older news is archived here .
Older news is at the bottom.
Older news is available here .
Older news is here .
Older news is kept here for archival purposes only.
Older newsletters are available in the archive area .
Older numbers are for older skates.
Older nurses are bossy, critical, and difficult to manage.
Older nurses are inflexible.
Older nurses are more likely to use sick time excessively.
Older nurses are more prone to back injuries and chemical sensitivities, nursing experts say.
Older nurses are often less willing to take on more patients and mandatory overtime.
Older nymphs are a grayish white, with dark legs.
Older nymphs are all gray.
Older nymphs are black with a white spot between the wing pads.
Older nymphs are darker, lacking the stripe and reddish abdomen.
Older nymphs are flat and brown.
Older nymphs are greenish and fringed with hairs.
Older nymphs are light gray in color with black legs.
Older nymphs are sessile.
Older nymphs are yellow green to green and wingless.
Older nymphs do most of the work.
Older nymphs have dark, prominent wing pads.
Older nymphs have four black spots on the thorax and one on the abdomen.
Older nymphs resemble adults but lack fully-developed wings.
Older oaks provide tree cavities, or natural shelter and twigs are used for nesting materials.
Older objects begin to malfunction, flickering and short-circuiting.
Older objects give off more light.
Older officers have the highest rates, and there is significant female and minority involvement.
Older oil has achance of becoming emulsified.
Older oil is probably limited because it has already escaped.
Older okra is tough and fibrous.
Older one seems to be off line too much.
Older ones approximate the sound of a flute as best they can.
Older ones approximate the sound of a violin, or other instruments, as best they can.
Older ones are bootless.
Older ones are more dramatic and interesting.
Older ones are naughty, And often commit a crime.
Older ones are somewhat malformed and brittle.
Older ones become dealers.
Older ones become teachers and heroes to the younger children.
Older ones can shape ceramic clay.
Older ones do it figuratively.
Older ones have antiquated medical terminology, which is frequently hard to understand.
Older ones have seven and some only six digits.
Many older ones sell for considerably more than their original price.
Some older ones play only a few channels and notes at a time.
Some older ones require work.
Older ornaments are normally lightweight and have a very thin wall.
Older owners are actually more concerned with estate taxes than they are with income taxes.
Older owners are also likely to be more knowledgeable about their estate tax liability.
Older pages have a light blue background.
Older papers get less hits.
Older parents are better parents.
Older parents are more calm, confident, and able to go with the flow.
Older parents have more time to spend with their children.
Most older parents think they are doing fine on their own.
Older parrots seem to have a natural immunity to it.
Older part is city's oldest remaining hospital structure.
Older parts are often expensive.
Older partners are more experienced.
Older passwords are still case sensitive.
Older pastors can remember when rural churches resented pastors taking vacations.
Older pastors realize they'll never fully understand even a small portion of Scripture.
Some older patents place the drawings at the end of the patent.
Older patients accrue the greatest benefits of screening.
Older patients appear to tolerate it well.
Older patients are even less likely to get appropriate care than younger ones.
Older patients are less likely to benefit, as their ability to heal the disc is limited.
Older patients are more likely than younger patients to have mental confusion and memory problems.
Older patients are more likely to achieve virological success.
Older patients are more likely to have trouble understanding what is happening and what they hear.
Older patients are more susceptible to malnutrition and dehydration than their younger counterparts.
Older patients can have a chronic infection without having a fever or an elevated white-cell count.
Older patients enjoy a game of pool or a lesson on the computer.
Older patients experience symptoms more frequently and for longer periods of time.
Older patients have a more variable, and often more exaggerated, response to anesthesia.
Older patients have a syndrome of predominantly axial rigidity and gait disorders.
Older patients have an even higher risk.
Older patients have growth retardation, delayed puberty, diabetes, and heart disease.
Older patients have higher mortality rates.
Older patients have more emboli during coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Older patients heal slowly and have thinner skin to begin with.
Older patients present unique challenges to the thoughtful physician.
Older patients seem to be affected more adversely than younger patients.
Older patients seem to prefer physicians in traditional private practice settings.
Older patients tend to have a higher frequency of lateraly placed neoplasms.
Older patients tend to have a residual on barium swallow.
Older patients tend to have chronic shoulder pain and degeneration.
Older patients tend to prefer big band or crooners, while younger patients like more recent songs.
Many older patients have multiple medical conditions.
Some older patients are able to discontinue enzyme replacement with no clinical consequences.
Some older patients using it suffer negative psychological reactions.
Older peas tend to be less tender than young ones and are best used to make soups or purees.
All older pennants are somewhat dirty and fading.
Older people absorb thiamine less efficiently.
Older people act the same way.
Older people adapt more slowly to abrupt change from light to dark.
Older people adjust their behaviour to compensate for physical declines.
Older people appreciate the time and attention.
Older people are a very diverse group.
Older people are a vibrant, productive, valuable asset to society.
Older people are a wonderful source of stories.
Older people are actually less fearful of crime than was previously thought.
Older people are all alike.
Older people are all the same.
Older people are also a bit more apt to call character very important.
Older people are also far more opposed to the change than younger people.
Older people are also vulnerable because they're more likely to live alone.
Older people are among the groups who have been most affected by smoking.
Older people are an economic burden.
Older people are an important and valuable part of any community.
Older people are as responsive to treatment as the young.
Older people are at a higher risk of disability, as are people involved in hazardous work.
Older people are at greatest risk.
Older people are big consumers of pharmaceuticals.
Older people are both the receivers and the providers of care.
Older people are by far the worst affected by the flu.
Older people are especially at risk for several reasons.
Older people are especially at risk.
Older people are especially likely to have to endure the death of a spouse and of lifelong friends.
Older people are especially prone to consuming a diet inadequate in magnesium.
Older people are especially vulnerable.
Older people are far less able to take advantage of new opportunities than young people.
Older people are frail.
Older people are frequent targets of fraudulent telemarketers.
Older people are frequently the target.
Older people are generally alone and lonely.
Older people are horrified.
Older people are insecure about going back to work and about working with children.
Older people are just as successful as younger people in overcoming alcohol problems.
Older people are less able to tolerate and recover from the use of such substances.
Older people are less likely than younger people to get tested.
Older people are less likely to join support groups.
Older people are less likely to move to a new home or community than are younger people.
Older people are less likely to participate in a sport or fitness activity.
Older people are less likely to require treatment than are children.
Older people are less resistant to colds and viruses.
Older people are more easily injured and slower to heal than younger people.
Older people are more likely than young people to die if they contract cancer.
Older people are more likely than younger adults to admit to having an alcohol problem.
Older people are more likely than younger people to have constipation.
Older people are more likely than younger victims to face attackers who are strangers.
Older people are more likely to be affected for two reasons.
Older people are more likely to be givers than receivers of aid.
Older people are more likely to be homeowners than younger people.
Older people are more likely to be injured in a traffic accident.
Older people are more likely to develop seborrheic keratose, brown or black spots and are wart-like.
Older people are more likely to develop shingles.
Older people are more likely to have a severe disability than their younger counterparts.
Older people are more likely to have elevated pressure.
Older people are more likely to have it, though.
Older people are more likely to have other health problems.
Older people are more likely to have symptoms than children.
Older people are more likely to know German or French.
Older people are more likely to read the Bible than are younger people.
Older people are more likely to suffer from physical symptoms related to depression.
Older people are more observant.
Older people are more prone to chronic diseases.
Older people are more sensitive to environmental disruptions, such as light, noise, or jet lag.
Older people are more sensitive to the side effects and adverse effects of drugs.
Older people are more set in their ways.
Older people are more susceptible to heart disease deaths than are younger people.
Older people are more vulnerable to alcohol in a range of ways.
Older people are morelikely to develop shingles.
Older people are most often the victims, but anyone can get taken.
Older people are much less likely to contract ringworm than younger people.
Older people are much more inclined to prepare. . . .
Older people are much more likely than younger people to live alone.
Older people are much more likely to be empty nesters or to live alone.
Older people are no exception.
Older people are often at high risk for depression, especially with the loss of a loved one.
Older people are often more comfortable using German.
Older people are often on multiple medications.
Older people are often the targets of unscrupulous business practices.
Older people are often unable to reach the more distant regular medical facilities.
Older people are often very interested in their family history and like to reminisce.
Older people are particularly susceptible.
Older people are particularly vulnerable.
Older people are physically fit, too.
Older people are prime target for con artists and fraud.
Older people are prime targets for con artists and fraud.
Older people are slightly more likely to agree with the statement.
Older people are slower to respond when driving.
Older people are slower, they take time to think it through.
Older people are sometimes able to compensate for declines in basic intellectual abilities.
Older people are terrible drivers too.
Older people are the fastest-growing group of drivers.
Older people are the hidden resources of the world.
Older people are the largest group affected by hearing loss.
Older people are the least likely group in the community to suffer attack or assault.
Older people are the major users of public services.
Older people are the most frequent victims of osteoarthritis.
Older people are tougher to manage.
Older people are unable to learn new things b.
Older people are under constant pressure to conform and they retire and withdraw.
Older people are unproductive and a burden on communities and society.
Older people are very attracted to the garden.
Older people are very limited in the kind of investment they can make.
Older people are very specific about colors and people like to stick to the traditional ones.
Older people are volunteers in community groups and are advisors and mentors within business.
Older people are vulnerable to bogus callers.
Older people are, however, more likely to report economic crimes than their younger counterparts.
Older people are, in general, more dissatisfied than are younger people.
Older people attempt suicide less often than do younger people, but they are often more successful.
Older people believe that teens are too young to smoke, drink, vote, and drive.
Older people believe that the blazing blossoms of the tree represent young, unfulfilled passion.
Older people belong to more organizations than young people, and they are less misanthropic.
Older people blame younger people for thoughtless vandalism.
Older people bring a lot of wisdom to a business.
Older people bring skills from their other jobs.
Older people can be an asset to most companies as consultants or employees.
Older people can be positive role models, create pleasant memories and be considered blessings.
Older people can benefit from precautions that reduce their vulnerability to crime.
Older people can benefit, too.
Older people can face real difficulty accessing the benefits system.
Older people can gain satisfaction from new activities.
Older people can have a lot of good ideas.
Older people can protect themselves by knowing how to identify fraudulent sales pitches.
Older people can remain active and independent members of their families and communities.
Older People Can Shape Up Their Thinking .
Older people can stay young when they keep active in reading, studying and keeping up with issues.
Older people can suffer disability and even death from osteoporosis-related fractures.
Older people can throw a baseball, catch a football, etc.
Older people can, with training, improve cognitive functioning.
Older people claim that it helps with the purple spots they get on their delicate skin.
Older people come from a generation where mental health problems weren t discussed.
Older people come here to retire.
Older people come just for concerts.
Older people complain about the younger and their rock music and disrespect for elders.
Older people complain of pain in their joints and muscles.
Older people consume a disproportionate share of medical and other costly public services.
Older people continue to be concerned about management of their assets and property.
Older people contribute a great deal to their families, communities, society and economies.
Older people contribute a great deal to their families, communities, society and the economy.
Older people dehydrate easily.
Older people demonstrate coping abilities, self-reliance and stoicism.
Older people deserve choices.
Older people deserve high quality care.
Older people devote few hours to employment or education activities.
Older people do learn very well.
Older people do use more health services than younger people.
Older people drink for the same reasons that young people do - stress and depression.
Older people eat less, as well as softer, processed foods which contain less silicon.
Older people expect a handshake when being greeted or when leaving.
Older people expect orderliness, neatness, cleanliness.
Older people face a greater risk of being injured or killed.
Older people face daunting odds in fires.
Older people fear they re going to become a dependent.
Older people feel quite sick.
Older people feel strongly about maintaining their independence and control.
Older people feel the pinch even more.
Older people feel very lost.
Older people find concentrated odors less intense.
Older people find it a relaxing and independent holiday.
Older people find it more difficult to tell when they are becoming chilled or overheated.
Older people find outdoor activities most difficult.
Older people find stress free weightlessness in water is a good way to work out.
Older people forget what it's like to be teenager.
Older people get allergic and tend to get increasingly allergic as they get older.
Older people get flu shots every winter.
Older people get in it, anyone who wants to be a wrestler become a wrestler.
Older people get skin cancer because they have already received too much of the sun's damaging rays.
Older people grapple with the meaning of their lives.
Older people have a decreased ability to control body heat.
Older people have a different tolerance for drugs than younger adults.
Older people have a great wealth of expertise, energy and experience to offer their communities.
Older people have a higher rate of blindness than any other age group.
Older people have a lot to contribute.
Older people have a more limited ability to respond to changes in brightness.
Older people have a much greater stroke risk than younger people.
Older people have a much longer time to complete recovery.
Older people have a reduced sense of taste.
Older people have an even smaller hearing range .
Older people have an even smaller hearing range.
Older people have an opinion about everything and are sure of themselves and their actions.
Older people have an overgrowth of bacteria in their stomachs.
Older people have different needs and different ways of coping .
Older people have extensive experience and knowledge to use.
Older people have great difficulty learning new skills.
Older people have less intense pain with appendicitis.
Older people have less lean mass.
Older people have less skeletal muscle, the primary site of fat oxidation.
Older people have lots of aches and pains and sometimes severe financial worries.
Older people have low incomes compared to the rest of the community.
Older people have many rich and interesting stories to tell that can captivate students.
Older people have more chronic illnesses than younger people, so they are likely targets for fraud.
Older people have more fragile sleep and are more easily disturbed by light, noise, and pain.
Older people have more knowledge by virtue of their experience.
Older people have more of a problem in the heat.
Older people have more to conserve.
Older people have most accidents making left turns against oncoming traffic.
Older people have nothing to contribute to society.
Older people have so many talents and are there to help if asked.
Older people have something to contribute.
Older people have specific physical and mental health problems that require a specialist approach.
Older people have the reputation of being more mature, experienced and thoughtful.
Older people have the same variety of personalities as any age group.
Older people have three times more tooth decay than children.
Older people have wisdom and perspective.
Older people hear low tones fairly well, but their ability to perceive the high tones declines.
Older people help set a new tone on campus.
Older People highlight our adult asthma information.
Older people initiate touch towards younger people more frequently.
Older people keep stress hormones in their system longer.
Older people know race relations have improved.
Older people like to feel young.
Older people like to live independently, but they often have problems with household chores.
Older people live in an Anglo-dominated world.
Older people live in developed countries.
Older people live longer if touch is a part of their life.
Older people living alone comprise a large and growing segment of the elderly population.
Older people living alone receive nutritious meals at nominal cost.
Older people living outside of nursing homes are likely at even greater risk.
Older people lose health, independence, mobility, friends, and future.
Older people lose the ability to detect very low concentrations of bitter and salty substances.
Older people love children.
Older people love to sit in the park.
Older people maintain positions of authority within the culture.
Older people perceive things as less sweet than younger people.
Older people play a vital role in our society.
Older people prefer people their own age.
Older people presenting to emergency departments are an easily identifiable, high-risk population.
Older people produce initial details rapidly but then slow down.
Older people recall memories in a more stable way than younger people do.
Older people receive more than younger people.
Older people rejoice There was no hesitation from rejoicing by the older people.
Older people remain engaged.
Older people remember the Depression and make financial choices accordingly.
Older people report being generally satisfied with health care quality and access.
Older people report declines in function, caregiving.
Older people require more sleep than young people, as a general rule.
Older people require more surgical procedures.
Older people respond differently than younger folks, and men respond differently than woman.
Older people say it was much better in the past than it is in the present.
Older people say they don t get touched as much as they used to by friends and family members.
Older people see more things.
Older people see sexual freedom as a threat to social stability.
Older people see the emptiness, the burden of the war.
Older people see things more in terms of race.
Older people seem apathetic and have trouble concentrating.
Older people seem to handle gabapentin similarly to younger ones.
Older people seem to handle topiramate similarly to younger ones.
Older people seem to reap especially strong benefits from pets.
Older people show little change in their attitudes or a small rise in support for abortions.
Older people shy away from action games.
Older people speak excellent German.
Older people spend a lot of time in the home.
Older people spend more time doing housework than younger people.
Older people support the parish school, too.
Older people swear it got rid of their hair on their legs permanently.
Older people swear on a stack of Bibles they've seen it.
Older people take longer to commit something to memory, and longer to retrieve things from memory.
Older people take more medications than younger people.
Older people teach younger people.
Older people tend to be inflexible.
Older people tend to be less spontaneous, more biased.
Older people tend to be more routine-oriented, and children like agendas.
Older people tend to become more religious as they age.
Older people tend to buy fewer clothing as they age.
Older people tend to eat less and often have less variety in their diets.
Older people tend to eat less as energy requirements, activity, and metabolism rates decrease.
Older people tend to fall more that young people.
Older people tend to get higher scores on it.
Older people tend to have little interest in sex.
Older people tend to have one buffet a year and younger people enjoy entertaining more often.
Older people tend to have polyps and cancer more often.
Older people tend to have serious illnesses and take several medicines.
Older people tend to live alone and to be more socially isolated than are other people.
Older people tend to prefer the latter version.
Older people tend to suffer falls as they lose muscle strength and balance.
Older people tend to want asingle-story house with everything accessible on the first floor.
Older people think teens are irresponsible.
Older people think they are always right.
Older people tire more quickly than younger ones.
Older people use a majority of the public health care collar.
Older people use different areas of the brain than do younger ones to perform the same tasks.
Older people use ginseng for improved mental, sexual and physical vitality.
Older people use the NHS more than any other group.
Older people value their independence as much as anyone.
Older people vote more often than other age groups.
Older people walk the mall in the morning and younger people shop after school and in the evenings.
Older people wear smaller printed kimonos of a darker shade.
Older people work in schools using reminiscence to help with lessons .
All older people are fat.
All older people are pretty much the same.
All older people can be at risk of abuse and neglect.
Many older people are afraid to go out in the street.
Many older people are afraid to report abusive caregivers for fear of retaliation.
Many older people are concerned about their own welfare and care.
Many older people are extremely capable learners and have excellent recall.
Many older people are hard of hearing.
Many older people are themselves providers of assistance.
Many older people are unable to manage daily activities as well as they once did.
Many older people are unable to manage their daily activities as well as they once did.
Many older people ascribe their good health in later years to regular Radionic treatments.
Many older people avoid meat because it is too hard to chew, too expensive or tastes funny.
Many older people believe that there is no point in changing bad habits.
Many older people break a wrist or hip by falling at home.
Many older people can handle sub-maximal walking as another exercise.
Many older people can probably answer that question.
Many older people can t admit it when their powers begin to fail.
Many older people care for their long-term partner.
Many older people choose to sell the home while they are alive.
Many older people cope remarkably well with illness, bereavement and other stressors.
Many older people deny feeling depressed and blame their symptoms on physical ailments.
Many older people develop macular degeneration as part of the body's natural aging process.
Many older people do thrive despite the reality that life has shrunk, and our bodies waste away.
Many older people dread the institutional living situation.
Many older people expect that illness accompanies aging.
Many older people experience a decline in the secretion of stomach acids.
Many older people fatigue easily, so having a chair is a very useful feature.
Many older people find that they become dizzy if they stand up too suddenly.
Many older people find using a pill organizer is helpful.
Many older people function well only if unrushed.
Many older people have an active life, for all that they have stopped their professional activities.
Many older people have big apartments and make rooms available to students in their homes.
Many older people have muscular atrophy .
Many older people have muscular atrophy.
Many older people have problems with bowel function.
Many older people have problems with their liver, heart and kidneys.
Many older people have rich sex lives, but others face physical impediments or loss of desire.
Many older people have to deal with the death of loved ones or friends.
Many older people have trouble eating well.
Many older people heal slower and have more problems with healing.
Many older people live alone and are unable to get around as easily as they used to.
Many older people live by themselves.
Many older people manage their pain themselves.
Many older people owe their health in part to new and improved medicines and vaccines.
Many older people prefer to stay at home rather than move to a nursing facility.
Many older people pursue daily activities such as grocery buying and check cashing with regularity.
Many older people report that they feel better, more energetic and confident in older years.
Many older people see themselves aging in place until they can no longer care for themselves.
Many older people seek a dignified way to earn extra income.
Many older people suffer disability and even death from osteoporosis-related fractures.
Many older people suffer from vision problems and a loss of vision.
Many older people take lifelong medication to alleviate symptoms.
Many older people take medication for medical problems.
Many older people take the same risks as younger people.
Many older people think they are too old or frail to exercise.
Many older people think they are too old or too frail to exercise.
Many older people wear athletic shoes because their cushioned soles are comfortable.
Many older people work shorter shifts in the middle of the day.
Many older people worry about becoming more forgetful.
More older people have access to personal computers.
More older people have an opinion concerning self-help programs compared with the other programs.
Most older people are able to lead an active, satisfying sex life.
Most older people are capable and have a lifetime of valuable driving experience.
Most older people are frail and in poor health.
Most older people are happy to help when younger relatives show interest in the family.
Most older people are healthy, active individuals.
Most older people are independent.
Most older people are lonely and isolated.
Most older people are lonely and want to live with their children.
Most older people are pretty much alike.
Most older people are sick, frail, and dependent on others.
Most older people can and do lead an active, satisfying life.
Most older people can lead an active, satisfying sex life.
Most older people consider a balanced meal a healthful meal.
Most older people experience declines in vision and hearing with age.
Most older people experience some interest in sexual intimacy.
Most older people have a sense of humor.
Most older people have as many as four to six serious and on-going pathological conditions.
Most older people have at least one chronic condition and many have multiple conditions.
Most older people have children and some have grandchildren.
Most older people have no interest in and little capacity for sexual relationships.
Most older people lack hydrochloric acid in the stomach.
Most older people lead full and productive lives.
Most older people like to have a glass of water, even if they order an alternative drink.
Most older people like to play bingo.
Most older people live active outgoing lives.
Most older people live healthy and active lives.
Most older people live in nursing homes.
Most older people live independently.
Most older people live with progressively debilitating illnesses for many years before they die.
Most older people place a high value on living independently.
Most older people prefer it that way.
Most older people prefer to live independently in the community and in their own homes.
Most older people prefer to remain in their own homes during their later years.
Most older people prefer to stay at home even when their needs for care are great.
Most older people remain independent in their later years.
Most older people report having at least one chronic health problem.
Most older people respect the rules cause they know what is at stake, their life.
Most older people see their time behind the wheel as a key to their independence.
Most older people think in terms of getting their doctor's approval to start exercising.
Some older people are aware of changing abilities and adapt their driving practices accordingly.
Some older people are lonely and isolated in our communities.
Some older people are monolingual.
Some older people are the victims of assault by their husband or wife.
Some older people are unable to manage their own affairs due to a medical or a mental condition.
Some older people find it harder to fall asleep and stay asleep.
Some older people find the technology daunting.
Some older people give New Year's gifts.
Some older people have limited capacity for buying fresh food and preparing it for themselves.
Some older people have the income to afford private health insurance.
Some older people move too slowly, or are too stiff to make it to the bathroom in time.
Some older people remember earlier flu vaccines that did produce unpleasant side effects.
Some older people spend less only because their incomes have dropped.
Some older people take medicines that can cause dizziness or a drop in blood-pressure.
Some older people tend to criticise it.
Some older people tend to withdraw and fall easily into depression.
Some older people use cell phones for protection when they are traveling.
Older periodicals are in bound periodicals and compact shelving or on microform .
Many older periodicals are available only on microfiche.
Most older periodicals are on microfilm which are also arranged alphbetically.
Most older periodicals are on microfilm.
Older person continues to walk, turning head to face camera.
Older person turns head slightly toward students, then back to camera.
Older persons are a fast growing segment of the population with computers.
Older persons are a valuable resource.
Older persons are also at risk of tap water scalds.
Older persons are among the most vulnerable members of American society.
Older persons are at higher risk for injury and crime.
Older persons are more likely to have high blood pressure.
Older persons are more likely to have inactive lifestyles.
Older persons are more likely to have symptoms than children.
Older persons are more likely to influence their environment by what they bring to it b.
Older persons are more prone to experience insomnia.
Older persons are more prone to have massive fat embolism.
Older persons are more sensitive to off-axis brightness.
Older persons are often the last to apply for disaster services.
Older persons are one of the last groups with which empowerment has become associated.
Older persons are the fastest growing age group in the United States.
Older persons are valuable resources, though in many societies they are considered a burden.
Older persons can develop infections which produce a sudden onset of a confusional state.
Older persons can share their knowledge and insight.
Older persons comprise the largest group of health-care consumers in the United States.
Older persons develop thrush because of lower natural resistance.
Older persons fall in love.
Older persons find it especially appealing.
Older persons have a unique opportunity to help children at risk.
Older persons have much to offer in terms of wisdom and life experiences.
Older persons have nothing to contribute.
Older persons have the right of access to work, income, health care and shelter.
Older persons have thicker and drier skin on their feet than young people.
Older persons incur substantially larger costs for medical care, on average, than younger persons.
Older persons living alone are also considerably more likely to be poor than married elderly.
Older persons remember what it was like to see the stars at night, even in the middle of a city.
Older persons seeking a second career are also increasingly common in law school.
Older persons seem to be at higher risk for severe disease.
Older persons suffer important pain problems that are often overlooked or under treated.
Older persons suffer important pain problems that are often overlooked or undertreated.
Older persons suffer important pain problems that are often overlooked or under-treated.
Older persons tend to consume health care services at higher rates.
Older persons tend to wake up often and to have lighter sleep.
Older persons use a variety of Internet sites.
Older persons vote.
Many older persons have difficulty pushing buttons.
Many older persons have disabilities, are frail, or have chronic health problems such as arthritis.
Many older persons have diverticulosis.
Many older persons have lower educational levels than the general population.
Many older persons have one or more physical or mental impairments that affect their daily lives.
Many older persons have temporary lapses in memory, without suffering true memory loss.
Many older persons take a lot of different medications for a lot different reasons.
Most older persons are in good mental health.
Most older persons can expect their total joint replacement to last a decade or more.
Most older persons can expect their total joint replacement to last a lifetime.
Most older persons have at least one chronic condition and many have multiple conditions.
Most older persons have at least one chronic condition.
Most older persons lead active and healthy lives.
Most older persons live in the same location in which they spent most of their adult lives.
Some older persons are frail and less active.
Older pets are also more likely to slip on the ice and suffer a broken leg.
Older pets are in some ways easier to train as they have a longer attenditon span.
Older pets are less likely to spread disease or become ill themselves.
Older pets become less active, and as a result their nails grow longer.
Older pets can also develop senility and simply be unaware that they are dribbling urine.
Older pets can make more stable housemates.
Older pets make great companions, and are usually housebroken and calmer than younger ones.
Older pets tend to be less active and often require less, or lower calorie food.
Many older pets benefit from specially formulated food that is designed with older bodies in mind.
Many older pets develop joint disabilities.
Older photos follow.
Older photos tend to fade more and more each year.
Some older photos are below.
Some older photos are scans from prints.
Older photographs show the telescope with a yellow yoke.
Older physicians can learn from as readily as teach younger physicians.
Many older physicians are reluctant to enter medical records directly into computers.
Older pictures are also available.
More older pictures are here.
Older pieces show up in the stalls of the antiques dealers.
Older pieces tend to have a lower knot count than more recent pieces.
Some older pieces fetch thousands of dollars.
Older pigs can survive infection, becoming carriers of the pseudorabies virus for life.
Older pilots seem to be well aware, from experience, of the dangers surrounding propellers.
Older pins are scarce and a prime baseball collectible.
Older Pins love to be lap warmers for elderly folks.
Older pioneers alternate with hot, young stars, and favorite sons and daughters return to visit.
Some older pipes contain lead, which concentrates in the standing water.
Older pits contain greater amounts of americium, a radioactive decay product of plutonium.
Some older plans have profiles on separate sheets.
Older plants affected by the disease turn yellow and have small crinkled leaves.
Older plants are affected first.
Older plants are even more tolerant.
Older plants are generally too big for pulling and are difficult to dig up.
Older plants are in fair to good condition.
Older plants are in poor to fair condition.
Older plants are less palatable and less poisonous.
Older plants are more tolerant of aphid feeding.
Older plants are mostly in good condition.
Older plants are often well flowering.
Older plants are on the decline and are being picked over and cleaned up.
Older plants are stunted and sickly with yellowish leaves.
Older plants are stunted, dull green to yellow or brown.
Older plants become woody.
Older plants can form large masses of showy blossoms and look quite striking.
Older plants can survive a light frost but it is best to avoid it if possible.
Older plants can tolerate the sun much better.
Older plants develop woody stems to support the delicate, attractive foliage.
Older plants divide most easily.
Older plants exhibit a temporary wilt which appears repeatedly in the middle of the day.
Older plants expose attractive red bark on the trailing stems.
Older plants flower freely and produce many inflorescences.
Older plants get bigger.
Older plants grown out of season in cold weather sometimes exhibit purple leaves.
Older plants have a thickened stalk or trunk and long-stemmed leaves that point upward or out.
Older plants have larger roots that can be eased out with a garden fork.
Older plants have soft lesions on stems, petioles, leaves or pods.
Older plants have trouble adjusting to transplanting.
Older plants lose old leaves as new ones come on.
Older plants respond favourably to being cut back.
Older plants rot at the base.
Older plants show leaf burn at the top but are recovering.
Older plants show rusty- brown, zoned spots on the leaves, petioles, and stems.
Older plants show some bloom and small fruit drop.
Older plants tend to branch but clumps of younger plants are usually made up of singular stems.
Older plants tend to die down in the winter or to only produce a very small basal rosette.
Older plants tend to flower faster than younger plants.
Older plants tend to get untidy, but cut the old long woody stalks right back after flowering.
Older plants tend to split at the base, which allows wood rot fungi to take hold.
Older plants tolerate periods of neglect.
Older plants translocate herbicide poorly, so control by herbicide can be difficult.
Older plants turn pale, wilt, and wither from a rot or canker of the lower stem or roots.
Older plants wilt and die with lesions at the base as noted above.
All older plants perish.
Some older plants are so full of leaves and thin branches that they bear poor quality flowers.
Some older plants are wholly inefficient.
Some older plants can become toxic such as the poke plant.
Older plaques contain a central amyloid core, seen here with Congo red stain, microscopic.
Older players are less interested in games based on films.
Older players are more common in golf than in most any other sport.
Older players average two games per week with additional practice sessions.
Older players can play because they're wiser, craftier.
Older players connect here.
Older players stay clear.
Older players take advantage of it and really benefit from it.
Older players tend to get hurt and take longer to heal.
Many older players prefer the traditional wood.
Older pods tend to become shriveled.
Older police tend to invoke the law less than younger officers.
Some older polices require a hospital stay of at least three days before benefits can be paid.
Older polls are further down the page and are still active.
Older populations are very fixed-income oriented.
Older postings are here .
Older preemies are less likely to have long-term problems.
Older preschoolers can exhibit a lot of behavior that bugs parents.
Older preschoolers can wash vegetables, stir a fruit salad and help measure dry ingredients.
Older preschoolers can wash vegetables, stir a fruit salad, and help measure dry ingredients.
Older preschoolers learn to collect allies.
Older prickles are triangular in shape, gradually flattening to the base, and only minimally curved.
Older prints are albumen business-trade postcard advertisements.
Older printers use the computer itself to drive the printer.
Older processors require more buffering in order to run smoothly.
Some older product is probably still around and bears the old name.
Some older products have special installation requirements.
Older professionals are much more likely than younger professionals to have had a fecal blood test.
Many older professionals discover their priorities have changed.
Older programs average fourteen days.
Older programs run in a compatibility layer without advanced features.
Many older programs take direct access to the hardware to improve speed.
Some older programs require a network drive to save files.
Older projects are available only in paper version.
Older projectors have a door on the bottom which can be unscrewed to provide access to the bulb.
Older prostitutes are comfortable with their career.
Older publications are available from the Unit on request.
Older publications are mainly in German and Russian.
Older pups take care of younger pups to increase their chances of survival.
Older pupils can be of great assistance in an emergency, but only under the direction of the driver.
Older pupils can determine patterns and rules associated with mathematical problem-solving.
Older pupils can look at the map of the floods in Southern Africa and do the activity below.
Older pupils show initiative when meeting new challenges and are willing to take on responsibility.
Older pupils visit the public swimming pool, sports centre and riding school.
Older pupils write extensive stories, accounts, poems and reports to a good standard.
Older puppies can generally wait longer between outings.
Older puppies can make very good pets if they have been properly socialized.
Older rabbits are at least as easy to train as are younger rabbits.
Older rats are easier to check, because the testicles are very prominent.
Older readers are by and large ignored.
Older readers love it, too.
Older readings are in darker colors.
Older records are in another storage vault.
Older records are in index books while newer records are searchable on computer workstations.
Older records are often hard to decipher.
Older records are on microfilm.
Older records are to be kept in the archives.
Older records contain mainly Latin names but later on German terminology prevailed.
Older records take approx.
Older refrigerators have coils in the back.
Older refugees blame Pakistan for the mess they are in.
Many older relatives complain about minor 'flu-like' illness after vaccination.
Older releases are also available.
Older releases are also still available, but are mostly of historic interest.
Older releases are available via ftp .
Older releases are here .
Older releases are still on the web site.
Some older releases come the source only flavor exclusively.
Most older religions have no reason to worry.
Older reports are also available in print at Holland.
Older reports are also available.
Older reports are on microprint.
Older reports are towards the bottom.
Older reports focus only on nitrate.
Older residents continue to stream into the region.
Older residents paint a complex picture.
Older residents prefer to speak Spanish whenever possible and families preserve Mexican traditions.
Older residents tend to be Irish, Italian, and Portuguese.
Older residents venture outside only briefly and only during the middle of the day.
Many older residents can remember growing up in the tents of logging camps.
Older respondents are also more cautious.
Older respondents are more concerned about privacy.
Older respondents are more likely to access weather information frequently than younger respondents.
Older respondents are more likely to be registered than younger respondents.
Older respondents are more likely to buy compost and fertilizer products.
Older respondents are more likely to have emailed elected officials than younger respondents.
Older respondents are more likely to support corporal punishment.
Older respondents attach greater priority to ethical issues.
Older respondents report archiving documents more frequently than younger respondents.
Older respondents tend to complete their programs of study in larger numbers than younger students.
Older restaurants continue to thrive, and new ones arrive on the scene weekly.
Older reviews are available.
Older riders are welcome, as are younger ones with their parent or guardian.
Older ring has a large, domed, oval-shaped turquoise nugget bezel set in a simple gold ring.
Older rocks contain fossils of simpler organisms.
Many older rooms have window seats, high ceilings and wood paneling.
Older roosters have hard, sharp spurs up to an inch in length from spur tip to the front of the leg.
Older roots weigh the most and bring the highest prices when properly cured.
Many older roses are only available bare root through specialty mail order nurseries.
Older Rovers can sign up as staff members.
Older rugs are more likely to be made with handspun, and the designs are more personal.
Older runners are also far more susceptible to fall-related injuries.
Many older runners schedule regular physical exams to assure they remain in good health.
Older safety clasp back.
Older salmon are at sea growing and feeding.
Older scars are more difficult to deal with.
Older scholars do.
Older schools are threatened by many forces, the report finds.
Older schools tend to be smaller and to anchor their neighborhoods.
Many older schools require continuous upgrades to support their outdated physical infrastructures.
Older scientists have their reputations to defend.
Most older scouts enjoy it.
Older seals produce a think layer of fat called blubber.
Older sections support white pine, red oak and maple forests.
Older seed germinates closer together.
Older seed is even less viable and germinates more slowly and irregularly.
Older seed requires three-months stratification.
Older segments drop off at the same rate as the new ones develop.
Some older seniors sell their homes of many years and move to an apartment.
Older sensors have a metal valve, while newer sensors have a plastic valve.
Many older serials are on microform.
Some older serials are in storage on the fourth floor.
Many older series are in the remote storage library.
Older servers use slower streams of data converted into electrical form.
Older sets can experience tuner problems that can cause single channel problems.
Some older sets are available for check-out.
Some older shamans have misgivings about reaching out to foreigners and tourists.
Older sharks have deep golden brown skin with diamond-shaped dark and light flecks.
Some older ships are preferable to many newer ones.
Older shoots become too tough to ingest.
Older shoppers like to read labels, but tiny print often makes it difficult.
Older shoppers tend to be more knowledgeable, are less likely to shop on impulse.
Older shows are archives as transcript summaries.
Older showerheads use five to ten gallons a minute.
Older shrubs develop a central mass of dead material and are particularly flammable.
Many Older Shutters are in daily service.
Older siblings are also welcome to visit during school holidays.
Older siblings are always welcome, too.
Older siblings are at a developmental advantage both cognitively and socially.
Older siblings are involved in caring for the younger children.
Older siblings are more accepting and less jealous of a new arrival when it is carried in a sling.
Older siblings are role models.
Older siblings are welcome at the first sitting.
Older siblings are welcome.
Older siblings can also be the cause of the problem.
Older siblings can be especially helpful, as well as senior family members.
Older siblings can be very helpful in acclimating young children to school in other ways.
Older siblings can encourage younger ones to move.
Older siblings can have a similar effect.
Older siblings enjoy teasing younger siblings.
Older siblings exhibit personality traits that differ from their younger siblings.
Older siblings feeding younger children is an important historical clue.
Older siblings love to imitate the grownups caring for the baby in a meaningful way.
Older siblings shine when they pass a skill on to a younger one.
Older siblings welcome.
Older singles tend to be more liberal than younger ones in sexual matters.
Older sister is a bird with blue wings.
Older sister is an unwed mother.
Older sister picks it up, brushes some of the sand away, and nibbles at it.
Older sisters continue to minister through prayer.
Older skiers have more money and want more comforts than younger skiers.
Older slides are HERE .
Older slugs are females.
Older smokers are more likely to succeed at quitting smoking than younger smokers.
Older snakes are an unpatterned dark gray.
Much older software is available here.
Older soils have more and stronger horizon development than do younger soils.
Older son is praised for getting A's in school.
Older son is responsible.
Older sores are less likely to be positive.
Older species have a camphoraceous smell and a brownish color, and lack the pungent taste.
Older specimens are often dark brown.
Older specimens are only slightly harder to identify.
Older specimens can get trunk boring insect damage.
Older specimens develop an interesting shaggy bark that can be accentuated by pruning.
Older specimens prefer artificial foods and are rather aggressive.
Older specimens tend to have a reduced color pattern, and an overall dark color.
Older sperm are more likely to experience a nondisjunction event during meiosis.
Older sperm can lose their ability to swim well.
Older spots are brown or greenish brown.
Older spots have white centers with a dark red margin.
Older spots have white centers with a dark-red margin.
Older spots turn brown and become slightly sunken.
Older springs have an orange tint from rust.
Older stags are often quite grey in the face.
Older stages are food for pelagic fishes, particularly clupeids.
Older stains are more difficult to remove.
Older stains are more difficult to treat.
Many older stamps are worth only a very minimal value.
Older stands require N fertilization to remain productive.
Older stands result in thicker, woodier deposits further upstream along the channel network.
Older stars appear more red and are more evident in the leftmost photograph in visible light.
Older stars produce more stellar wind than younger stars.
Older stars tend to be redder, but space dust can interfere with color perception from Earth.
Some older stationery is available only in cut squares.
Older stems are often hollow.
Older stems are uneven and rough.
Older stems are woody.
Older stems become discolored, sort of a dark grayish-brown.
Older strata comes to rest on top of younger strata.
Older streets are normally more narrow that newer ones.
Older structures are particularly attractive to bats.
Older studs rule the herd through domination.
Older student are fast growing percentage of the student population, a percentage with unique needs.
Older student extends hand toward younger students in background.
Older student opens the door.
Older students act as guides to the younger students as they walk to and from the school and dock.
Older students advise and mentor.
Older students appear to appreciate the book just as much as do younger ones.
Older students are also welcome to take the classes.
Older students are an important source of encouragement and information.
Older students are at no disadvantage either.
Older students are better strategists than younger ones.
Older students are capable of coming up with their own devices when trying to review information.
Older students are highly motivated and usually of excellent quality.
Older students are just as excited and involved.
Older students are kind to younger students.
Older students are more apt to become physically aggressive toward a threatening adult.
Older students are more likely overall to have been active in a worship community or small group.
Older students are more likely than younger students to have been injured in a car crash.
Older students are often afraid to risk making errors in front of their peers.
Older students are often mentors to younger ones.
Older students are often mentors to younger students.
Older students are particularly welcome.
Older students are responsible for covering their health insurance themselves.
Older students are tutors and mentors for younger students.
Older students are welcome to assist.
Older students assist younger students as peer teachers.
Older students attend high school in Monroe.
Older students attend school in one of three other towns.
Older students attending college is a phenomena.
Older students become increasingly precise and use adjectives more fluently.
Older students binge drink more than younger students.
Older students can also enroll in regular classes with traditional-age students.
Older students can also get involved in web development and programming.
Older students can also use club time to finish classroom projects.
Older students can analyze how an angle affected distance.
Older students can analyze the book.
Older students can answer the questions on their own.
Older students can apply to be camp instructors.
Older students can arrange times to talk to younger students about the speech and what it all means.
Older students can be quite a source of knowledge when properly prodded.
Older students can bring a more serious approach to their studies.
Older students can build props and they can help with the actual production.
Older students can choose a folk tale and rewrite it and update it to the present day.
Older students can choose from a variety of more advanced topics.
Older students can choose to do research on one favorite Jewish food.
Older students can choose to record the climate in any city in the United States.
Older students can complete the calendar alone.
Older students can complete the exercise on their own.
Older students can conduct a beach transect and construct a beach profile.
Older students can conference with other students and provide proofreading support for each other.
Older students can construct forms from tagboard.
Older students can create a newspaper with each student being a reporter.
Older students can create bar graphs to represent the information.
Older students can create board games to teach younger students different facts about nutrition.
Older students can cut out pieces, or find appropriate magazine pictures to use.
Older students can describe the condition of each location and predict the outcome for each.
Older students can devise their own filtration system.
Older students can direct their attention to neuroanatomy and neurophysiology.
Older students can do as free response exercise.
Older students can do more sophisticated manipulation of the data and the exchange of information.
Older students can do much work of their work indpendently and can also help teach younger children.
Older students can do oral presentations, plays, and group presentations.
Older students can dramatize the situation in skits, commercials, songs, or poems, etc.
Older students can engage in a word search puzzle of all the countries of Africa.
Older students can enjoy poetry, music, theater, and films in another language.
Older students can estimate amounts of supplies needed and approximate costs of their expeditions.
Older students can even use a flag pole to create a sun dial.
Older students can examine the effects of heat and freezing on vitamin C content.
Older students can explore ideas openly, sometimes through humor, in a picture book.
Older students can explore radio astronomy with our radio telescopes.
Older students can explore ways to get more information from the data already in hand.
Older students can extend data to calculate potential and kinetic energy.
Older students can figure the percent weight of each soil component in their recipe.
Older students can focus on more areas.
Older students can get into groups and make comets themselves.
Older students can get really fancy and make their shamrock mask using paper mache.
Older students can go farther and investigate area.
Older students can graph their results.
Older students can have group discussions about dating and relationship expectations.
Older students can have slide presentations with material from many parts of the world.
Older students can help create Web pages.
Older students can help the younger ones.
Older students can help the younger students look for and read web sites.
Older students can keep journals, use instruments, and record their observations and measurements.
Older students can keep simple charts and graphs from data they collect at a school weather station.
Older students can learn how cartoonists use visual shorthand.
Older students can learn more about the legislative process.
Older students can learn responsibility as they work with their buddies.
Older students can learn to use the sextant.
Older students can make a picture and a word to match.
Older students can make charts to compare aspects of their own culture with Canada.
Older students can make comparative studies of death statistics from other American wars.
Older students can make exhibit signs.
Older students can make individual books if time allows.
Older students can measure the diameters of the holes in millimeters.
Older students can often receive discounts.
Older students can participate in script writing contests.
Older students can place the locations in order from lowest temperature to highest temperature.
Older students can post themselves, with supervision.
Older students can practice speaking lines and using puppets to put on a show for younger students.
Older students can present to younger students and vice versa.
Older students can print the words under the illustrations.
Older students can provide technical drawings with features labelled.
Older students can pursue music in the school as an extra curricular activity.
Older students can read about the relationships of energy, vibration, and sound.
Older students can read directly from the worksheet lesson.
Older students can read to and talk about books with younger students.
Older students can record their observations in their journal.
Older students can research erroneous theories.
Older students can research further their topic.
Older students can research stories about the valor of the color bearers.
Older students can research the manatee and counter the myths with factual information.
Older students can research, in greater depth, the physiology of taste and smell.
Older students can search for information on universities and even apply for scholarships online.
Older students can sign up to be readers to the younger children.
Older students can stage a debate about the Constitutional Amendment Issue regarding flag burning.
Older students can take part in drama productions.
Older students can take responsibility for teaching younger students about fire safety.
Older students can take written notes while listening.
Older students can talk about different ways to add or multiply two-digit numbers.
Older students can then share their stacks with their younger buddies.
Older students can try the activity in pairs.
Older students can try to organize the bones into complete skeletons.
Older students can understand more of the social and political elements around television.
Older students can use a graphing calculator to fit a function to the data.
Older students can use longitudes and latitudes.
Older students can use memorization tricks for lists.
Older students can use protractors to measure the angles formed.
Older students can use the overhand throwing motion.
Older students can use the program cooperatively to create group presentations.
Older students can use the wheels to plan their own courses of study.
Older students can work during the day and do schoolwork in the evenings and on weekends.
Older students can work in cooperative groups writing descriptions of the items on index cards.
Older students can work in small groups and perform the activity on their own.
Older students can work in the third volume with minimal assistance.
Older students can work on a science fair project.
Older students can work to write three or more sentences of their own and illustrate.
Older students can work together in small groups to write the script.
Older students can write additional scenes.
Older students can write out their stories at school.
Older students can write their own informal summaries down.
Older students can write their own responses for their connections.
Older students can write their own sentences and describe what is in the pictures.
Older students come in with an understanding of the workforce.
Older students develop activities and serve as mentors for younger students.
Older students develop more advanced skills such as mapmaking and navigation.
Older students discuss the negative effects of gangs and methods of conflict resolution.
Older students do spectacularly well in the Traditional classroom.
Older students do the same for the first two to four weeks.
Older students drink and drive more than younger students.
Older students drink less.
Older students drive when they have been smoking marijuana more than younger students.
Older students earn more and improve exit salary statistics.
Older students explore changes that have occurred in and on the earth over time.
Older students explore nuances of word meanings in both English and the languages studied.
Older students feel the same.
Older students find a weekly planner helpful.
Older students give their old clothes to the younger ones.
Older students go inside building.
Older students go on class trips each year.
Older students go to the grade schools and offer their time to read to their younger peers.
Older students hash out problems in regular class meetings.
Older students have a specific purpose and are more serious about class work.
Older students have broader views and can relate to other areas.
Older students have the opportunity to work directly with artifacts and primary documents.
Older students have the option to use tools and lab techniques to determine water quality.
Older students have the privilege of staying up a little longer.
Older students have work opportunities at participating agency sites during the school day.
Older students help teachers plant gardens, gather firewood and raise pigs and chickens.
Older students help younger students and everyone benefits.
Older students helping younger students with projects is an excellent use of collaboration.
Older students hold jobs in supported workplaces within the community.
Older students identify time zones for each location.
Older students investigate grain size, sorting, and degree of rounding.
Older students know everyone has their own path and their own pace.
Older students learn faster, but they learn in the same way.
Older students learn how to do internet research.
Older students learn more about the writing process and how to make a book.
Older students learn reserach skills.
Older students learn to expand research skills.
Older students mentor younger students of their own volition and sometimes on their own time.
Older students perceive school a little less positively than younger students.
Older students perform on recorders or in the school's chorus, if they choose to do so.
Older students plan and implement their own individual plans under the guidance of teachers.
Older students plan experiments to show how substances react with each other to form new substances.
Older students receive instruction in computer, foreign language, and outdoor education.
Older students remember.
Older students ride with drinking drivers more than younger students.
Older students ride with someone who has been smoking marijuana more than younger students.
Older students say they like to come back to school because they study what they want.
Older students seem to have more activities to do in the evening than younger students.
Older students serve as role models and respect the needs of younger children.
Older students shower younger students how to operate the equipment.
Older Students Sing Out.
Older students take measurements.
Older students take younger ones once a month to Meeting for Worship.
Older students tend to be more negative than younger students.
Older students tend to have strong motivation, coupled with a special eagerness to learn.
Older students tend to have strong motivations, coupled with a special eagerness to learn.
Older students tend to make better grades than younger students.
Older students tend to take care of the younger ones.
Older students train younger students to insure team continuity from year to year.
Older students use microscopes and props to explore aquatic ecology.
Older students use the facility at night.
Older students use the Series to teach and strengthen their phonic and decoding skills.
Older students utilize the area for tutorial and conference space.
Older students volunteer and are trained to work in classrooms with the younger students.
Older students walk a special track with the goggles on.
Older students work in collaborative groups of four.
Older students work on computer programs designed to teach note reading and composition.
Older students work with second graders to prepare construction paper signs for each youngster.
Older students work with younger students.
Many older students come with discipline and well defined goals, but lack prerequisites.
Many older students move away from campus and become commuters.
Many older students prefer sharing living accommodations with fellow students in the neighborhood.
Many older students work to help support their families.
More older students tend to major in occupational education programs than do younger students.
Some older students present even more grade anxiety than an incoming traditional freshman.
Older studies are less persuasive and usually report worse results.
Older studies indicate that microbial numbers generally decrease with depth in soil profile.
Some older stuff is here .
Older style is fine.
Older subjects show no age-related decrease in cardiac baroreceptor sensitivity.
Older submissions are available on the archive pages.
Older suburbs struggle with losing population and business.
Many older suburbs have major infrastructure bills coming due as well.
Older summaries are available by request .
Older surfaces are light brown while fresh surfaces are nearly black.
Older surfaces tend to become amalgamated in the slope area.
Older surfers spend more time and view more sites than younger users do, too.
Older swimmers are more likely to suffer rotator cuff rupture than younger swimmers.
Older systems are easier to exploit.
Older systems are usually less efficient.
Older systems are very hard to integrate.
Older systems can require monitoring and cleanup to keep the free space above an acceptable minimum.
Older systems have no equivalent facility.
Older systems have to be patched.
Older systems use a controller with only limited functionality.
Older systems use time lapse cameras which record a lot of shots of empty rooms.
Many older systems are unable to run the newest browsers or to utilize the newest technologies.
Many older systems have some pretty primitive controls.
Some older systems are trickier.
Some older systems use proprietary hardware.
Older teachers have to make a conscious choice to acquaint themselves with computing skills.
Older teams tend to have tunnel vision.
Older techies tend to give more money than their younger peers.
Older technologies are potentially very useful and can be cheap or sometimes free.
Older technologies become more expensive.
Older technology based clock and data recovery devices have problems interfacing to one another.
Older technology is still in place in many classrooms and is being used wherever possible.
Older teens are also more likely to report buying alcohol from licensed alcohol outlets.
Older teens are also welcome and encouraged to volunteer as aides.
Older teens are even more mobile and increasingly immersed in their own peer society.
Older teens are more likely to shop for groceries and help with food preparation.
Older teens are more self-assured and better able to resist peer pressure than younger teens.
Older teens are welcome at the rituals.
Older teens can benefit from a more regular job.
Older teens deliver the skill-based curriculum to their sixth and seventh grade peers.
Older teens participate in workshops and trainings while assisting in activities with young campers.
Older teens see themselves as more similar to their parents.
Older teens tend to express fear about changes in their bodies, isolation, sex and world events.
Older teens train younger adolescents in community activism.
Older teenagers are good at cribbage, and also a favorite game among adult fishermen.
Older teenagers are just a couple of years or less away from being a legal adult.
Older teenagers can learn a more sophisticated strategy.
Older termites can even undergo regressive molts and go back to an earlier stage.
Older tests are available in hard copy only.
Older tests Enter multiplyer test.
Many older texts are available free of charge.
Some older texts refer to it as the Davis Mountain ratsnake.
Many older textbooks state that eating fatty foods precipitates the pain associated with gallstones.
Older textiles are generally more conservative in their brocading.
Older theatre designs place the return air vent for the air-handling unit behind the screen.
Older thermostats are often inaccurate.
Older theses are in storage.
Older thrombi tend to be more echogenic than fresh ones.
Older tips have small numbers, newer tips have larger numbers.
Older titles are soon to come.
Older titles consist of two parts separated by a dash.
Older toddlers are ready for a bit more story.
Older toddlers can still get excited when they recognize objects in books.
Older toddlers enjoy stories with repetition, so they can anticipate and follow along.
Older toddlers progress to very simple lessons about other major Bible characters.
Older toilets use up to five gallons of water per flush.
Most older toilets use three to seven gallons per flush.
Older tools are apt to have traditional wooden handles fashioned from hickory.
Many older tractors have the turn signal feature.
Older trailer has front kitchen, rear bed, toilet, shower, original refrig.
Older transplants suffer significant transplant shock.
Older travelers are the largest number of visitors, particularly overseas.
Many older treatments are now obsolete.
Older trees adorn homes and church yards throughout the city.
Older trees appear as having corky ridges glued on a smooth bark.
Older trees are almost ghost-like in bare winter silhouette.
Older trees are also more susceptible to disease and insects.
Older trees are home to woodpeckers, owls, hawks, squirrels and other animals.
Older trees are more difficult to train, as bending mature branches can take one to three years.
Older trees are more gray.
Older trees are more likely to die than younger ones.
Older trees are problems in hurricanes.
Older trees develop a darker, deeply furrowed bark.
Older trees develop a dome-like crown.
Older trees develop a more rounded, irregular crown.
Older trees develop a widespreading and moderately deep root system.
Older trees develop dead unsightly branches that require pruning.
Older trees develop grayish, furrowed bark.
Older trees develop yellowed leaves.
Older trees grow and bear well in grass and sod.
Older trees grow more slowly than younger trees.
Older trees have a distinct yellow or orange color.
Older trees have a gnarled branching structure and trunk.
Older trees have a good, well spreading shape and produce quality crops.
Older trees have a weeping appearance and have few, or no, prickles.
Older trees have bark that has pieces that are small and rectangular.
Older trees have grayish-black bark with thin, irregular, scaly plates.
Older trees have heavy, horizontal limbs.
Older trees have low, drooping branches with ascending tips.
Older trees have orange-colored bark in the crown.
Older trees have quite thick bark, making girdling difficult.
Older trees have silvery-gray bark resembling that of spruce trees.
Older trees have single trunks with brown bark.
Older trees have the advantage of producing more cones then the younger ones.
Older trees have wide, fluted, buttressed bases.
Older trees show decline and dieback rather than death.
Older trees show their maturity in their craggy branches held high above the ground.
Older trees sprout less consistently.
Older trees tend to bear alternately.
Older trees tend to have gray-brown bark furrowed into long, irregular plates.
Older trees tend to set more parthenocarpic fruit than younger ones.
Many older trees exist and new ones are constantly being planted.
Most older trees have an injury or two that is dripping gum.
Older trout are sometimes an almost uniform olive brown.
Older trunks lose the thorns, but have bumps on the bark.
Older trunks reddish brown, furrowed and thinly scaly.
Older tubers are soft, and inedible.
Many older TVs have only one video input.
Older twigs are chocolate-brown, with leaf scars large and prominent.
Older twigs have corky wing-like growths on their bark.
Older units are made of copper while newer funnels are made of fiberglass.
Older units are made of steel or wood.
Older units can be Updated.
Older units have arms made of aluminum.
Older units suffer a system timing decay which leads to reduced response and flexibility.
Some older units get better than book price, depending on condition.
Older updates are lower down on the page.
Older users are more cautious of Web security than younger users.
Older users plan to spend more, which is probably because they have higher incomes, in general.
Older users tend to stay on line longer, but they surf less.
Older utilities can sometimes cause data loss.
Older vampires can endure longer without feeding, but they are like addicts.
Every older vampire has different, and sometimes unique, powers.
Older varieties are more prone to leaf drop.
Older varieties can be many colors, including pure white and green.
Older varieties tend to bolt too early in warm conditions.
Older vehicles are major contributors of pollution.
Older vehicles are to install catalytic devices.
Older vehicles can access the feed using an adapter.
Older vehicles create more pollution than newer ones.
Older vehicles represent about three per cent of Ontario's car fleet.
Older version is Scrabble .
Older versions are also available from the same site.
Older versions are also available here .
Older versions are also available.
Older versions are also online in case anybody is interested.
Older versions are also subject to denial of service.
Older versions are available as separate downloads from the old extensions page .
Older versions are available for historical purposes.
Older versions are available for less capable computers.
Older versions are available here .
Older versions are available in english , german and french .
Older versions are available in the archive .
Older versions are available only on paper.
Older versions are available too as zip-files named musixtex.nnn.
Older versions are available, too.
Older versions are less suitable.
Older versions are likely to cause problems.
Older versions are no longer available due to major modifications.
Older versions are no problem.
Older versions are now available from a separate archive page .
Older versions are obsolete.
Older versions are on the X contrib tapes.
Older versions are still available, but their use is deprecated.
Older versions are still available.
Older versions continue to work with old codes.
Older versions have a bug which shows up when searching dictionaries with non-English characters.
Older versions have a nasty bug that requires httpd.conf to be writable by the gid of the webserver.
Older versions have a nasty bug.
Older versions have different structures.
Older versions require registration before downloading.
Older versions tend to crash in the menu map.
Older versions tend to hang around on the Internet.
Older versions use varying conventions.
Older versions vary slightly.
Older versions work with rubber tubing and spit.
Older versions work, but they do have some bugs and are missing some features.
All older versions are now, regrettably, obsolete once more.
All older versions are obsolete.
Some older versions are still available here .
Some older versions have problems reading particular pdf files.
Some older versions have trouble with secure transactions.
Some older versions require an added step in order to acquire connection.
Older vets are more likely to continue docking than younger ones.
Older viewers are susceptible primarily to more realistic portrayals of violence.
Older viewers are too stuck in their buying habits, or so goes the traditional wisdom.
Older viewers require a little time to know what's going on.
Older viewers tend to be more set in their ways.
Older villagers speak of using skis cut from wooden barrels.
Older vines produce better than younger individuals.
Older vines produce tendrils along stem to grip supports.
Older vines tend to produce less, though more intensely flavored, fruit.
Older vintages can command a higher mark-up.
Older vintages take a great deal of care to serve by the glass.
Some older vintages are still available at reasonable prices.
Some older vintages offer even tastier returns.
Older volcanoes are especially vulnerable.
Older volumes are collecters items and contain maps and historical references.
Older volumes are in Burling.
Older volumes are in the book stacks according to call number.
Older volumes are in the bound journals section, organized by call number.
Older volumes are in the periodical stacks.
Older volumes are in the stacks.
Older volumes are on shelves against the nearby wall.
Older volumes circulate for one week.
Older volumes remove from active reference collection and moved to periodical storage.
Some older volumes are on microfiche or microfilm.
Older volunteers can offer life experience and much more to youth incorporated in the program.
Older volunteers conceive, plan, and provide all of the helpful services and programs.
Older volunteers do of course look for volunteering in all the ways mentioned already.
Older volunteers work at the community level to enhance the independence of the elderly as well.
Older voters are wary of changing a system they depend on.
Older voters show up at the polls in much greater numbers than do younger ones.
Older walls are more porous and act like wicks, drawing the moisture up which then evaporates off.
Older washers can be a blessing or a nightmare.
Older waters have more silicate, therefore.
Older wells are e also more likely to have thinner casing that maybe corroded.
Older wells are more likely to have thinner casing that is corroded through.
Older wells are usually at the center of a farm and surrounded by potential contamination sources.
Older widow wishes to move nearer children.
Many older windows are drafty, leak whenever it rains, and are difficult to operate.
Many older windows have a metal track that holds the sash in place.
Older wines can rapidly turn sour once they are exposed to oxygen.
Older wines have a deeper and more complex aroma.
Older wines tend to be lacking fruit.
Older wiring can affect performance.
Older women are a major group and their numbers are increasing.
Older women are able to experience sexual feelings and orgasm.
Older women are also more likely to die from cervical cancer than younger women.
Older women are also more likely to have recurrent depressive episodes than older men.
Older women are also much more likely to be disabled in their old age.
Older women are at a higher risk of certain health problems than older men.
Older women are at an elevated risk . . .
Older women are at higher risk, and it can be reversed if the drug is withdrawn at once.
Older women are at highest risk for breast cancer, yet they are the least likely to get mammograms.
Older women are dignified.
Older women are doubly disadvantaged in the workforce according to a new survey.
Older women are even less interested in sex than older men.
Older women are far less likely to be married and far more likely to be widowed.
Older women are far more likely to die from cervical cancer than younger women.
Older women are good candidates for screening for breast cancer for a couple of reasons.
Older women are less certain.
Older women are less prone to abuse their male partners than younger women.
Older women are likely to have been exposed to more mutagens than younger.
Older women are more apt to live longer and be poor.
Older women are more at risk to develop osteoporosis.
Older women are more honest.
Older women are more likely than men to be poor or illiterate.
Older women are more likely than younger women to develop breast cancer.
Older women are more likely to be unemployed.
Older women are more likely to be widowed, to live alone and to live in poverty, says the report.
Older women are more likely to experience multiple chronic conditions.
Older women are more likely to get cancer.
Older women are more likely to have diabetes than middle-aged women.
Older women are more likely to live alone than are older men.
Older women are more likely to receive early prenatal care than are younger women.
Older women are more likely to suffer from the dementia than men.
Older women are more predisposed to miscarriage and birth defects.
Older women are more prone to disabling conditions and cognitive impairment than men.
Older women are more resistant to stimulation with fertility medications.
Older women are much more likely than older men to live alone.
Older women are only about half as likely as older men to be receiving pension income.
Older women are particularly conservative.
Older women are particularly likely to develop high blood pressure.
Older women are psychic.
Older women are sexier than younger ones.
Older women are simply more likely to have a medical problem to begin with.
Older women are the answer.
Older women are the enemy, especially if they seek power.
Older women are the least active of all age and sex groups.
Older women are the majority within our ageing population.
Older women are to set an example for the younger women.
Older women are to teach the younger women.
Older women are to teach younger women.
Older women are twice as likely as men to live in poverty.
Older women are vulnerable to violence from both their families and society.
Older women are xxx and the streetwalker did passionate.
Older women bear the burden of negative perceptions, and face social and economic discrimination.
Older women become invisible, they vanish off the face of the earth.
Older women benefit most from mammograms.
Older women bring valuable insights and wisdom acquired through age to the movement.
Older women can also sometimes find that their periods stop for a while.
Older women can be a wonderful example for younger women.
Older women can be just as capricious, foolish, even as cruel as many of their younger sisters.
Older women can reduce the risk of osteoporosis by taking calcium supplements.
Older women can run faster because they're always wearing sensible shoes.
Older women come in to have their sagging breasts lifted.
Older women enjoy the same status as male elders.
Older women experience little physical impairment as they age.
Older women face a double whammy.
Older women face an increased risk for breast and cervical cancer.
Older women feel they are treated as nothing but obsolete living individuals, and they resent it.
Older women have it tough in the porn business.
Older women have jobs with dental plans.
Older women have lower survival rates than do younger women.
Older women have many of the same health problems as older men and die from many of the same causes.
Older women have special responsibilities toward younger women.
Older women have superior sexual stamina.
Older women have the highest breast cancer rates but are underscreened relative to their risk.
Older women have the lowest incidence of sexual dysfunction.
Older women have the lowest screening rates of all age groups.
Older women keep house, quilt, sew, cook, garden, and sometimes serve as informal historians.
Older women know how to cook.
Older women know what they want. . .
Older women learn and develop a wide range of skills throughout their lives.
Older women live much more in the moment, and their confidence and competence are totally appealing.
Older women living alone are at greatest risk.
Older women living alone are special targets of the scam artists.
Older women living alone make up most of the elderly population living in poverty.
Older women lose their hair, or grow it in the wrong places.
Older women love oral and anal sex.
Older women lust after young men.
Older women make better lovers , as celebrated in song and folklore.
Older women make up the majority of the world s illiterate, a result of historical education trends.
Older women mentor younger women.
Older women outnumber older men in almost all societies.
Older women outnumber older men in Milwaukee County at all age ranges.
Older women outnumber older men.
Older women present a special set of challenges to researchers.
Older women reminisce as they see items that spark their memories.
Older women seem to be especially at a salary disadvantage.
Older women show their mature pussy and perform mature hardcore sex.
Older women sit together in groups, coated with oil.
Older women spend more years and a larger percentage of their lifetime disabled.
Older women suffer in silence most.
Older women take charge of the situation.
Older women tend to have more chronic illnesses that require medication to manage.
Older women tend to release more than one egg a month, leading to higher rates of twins.
Older women wear a long black loose dress.
Older women wear skirts and blouses or dresses.
All older women are at risk for breast cancer.
Many older women are leaders in their communities and respected members of extended families.
Many older women are often unsure of the type of hysterectomy they had subtotal or total.
Many older women are reluctant to come out for fear of discrimination.
Many older women are timid about being assertive in any facet of their lives.
Many older women are unwilling or perhaps unable to tell others that they've been abused.
Many older women attempt to prevent osteoporosis by taking calcium supplements.
Many older women care for spouses, elderly parents, or grandchildren.
Many older women develop dowager's hump, caused by deformity of the vertebrae.
Many older women have osteoporosis.
Many older women lack sufficient strength to remain functional and independent.
More older women die of heart disease than men.
More older women live in poverty than older men.
Most older women are unmarried.
Most older women are widows, while most older men are married.
Some older women enjoy it so much that they are meeting with several young women.
Some older women make their living as marriage brokers.
Older wood has natural character and more importantly, history.
Older wood is darker, grey and more scaly.
Older wood is more susceptible to disease and pest problems.
Older works deal with the same problem in a more aggressive way.
Some older work is available.
Older Worker Bulletins No.
Older workers approaching retirement can earn a meaningful retirement benefit.
Older workers are a resource that no one can afford to waste.
Older workers are also back in vogue.
Older workers are always more cheerful and enthusiastic.
Older workers are another group likely to be anxious about job security.
Older workers are at a greater risk.
Older workers are at greatly increased risk of work-related injuries and fatalities.
Older workers are at greatly increased risk of work-related injury fatalities.
Older workers are excellent role models.
Older workers are ideal for the role of mentor or trainer for new employees.
Older workers are just as productive as younger workers and often have lower rates of absenteeism.
Older workers are just as valuable to an organization as younger workers.
Older workers are less able to come up with new ideas at work than younger workers.
Older workers are less productive than the younger worker.
Older workers are less willing to try a new way of thinking.
Older workers are likely to be a good bet.
Older workers are more productive than younger workers.
Older workers are often more expensive and that turns some employers off.
Older workers are one of the fastest growing groups in the American workforce.
Older workers are reliable, dependable and punctual.
Older workers are reliable.
Older workers are slower, but steady and more inclined to work late or on weekends.
Older workers are some of the most dependable employees out there.
Older workers are very responsible.
Older workers believe that informal teams are generally cliques and are to be avoided.
Older workers bring a number of important qualities to any job.
Older workers can also make outstanding mentors for new employees.
Older workers can be more difficult to relocate, motivate or change positions.
Older workers can be quite an asset with their experience to share.
Older workers can get up to speed on the latest technologies and revitalize their careers.
Older workers can learn new skills.
Older workers can sometimes replace the lack of younger employees.
Older workers can use reduced hours as a means of gradual transition to retirement.
Older workers can waive right to sue in exchange for sweetened early retirement.
Older workers cost more.
Older workers demonstrate higher productivity and more patience.
Older workers exhibit different work patterns at different stages.
Older workers face structural as well as cultural barriers.
Older workers go outside to gather food and defend the nest against enemies.
Older workers have a lifetime of experience dealing with change in the workplace.
Older workers have a strong work ethic and bring a wealth of experience to their jobs.
Older workers have experience, abilities, patience, maturity, good judgment and a strong work ethic.
Older workers have fewer accidents than younger workers.
Older workers have less absenteeism than younger workers.
Older workers have much to offer.
Older workers have physical limitations.
Older workers increase costs to the employer.
Older workers increase the health care costs of our organization.
Older workers make a significant contribution to Canadian society.
Older workers offer stability.
Older workers plan to retire later according to a new survey.
Older workers represent a rich source of experience, accumulated knowledge, and wisdom.
Older workers represent a tremendous source of experienced human capital.
Older workers represent the fastest growing age group in the American workforce.
Older workers search for nectar and make the enzymes necessary to convert it to honey.
Older workers serve as reserves to defend the colony, and construct and maintain the mound.
Older Workers Site Out of date.
Older workers take jobs away from younger workers.
Older workers tend to be better off in traditional pension plans.
Older workers tend to be more settled and loyal.
Older workers view volunteering help as taboo, an insult, or something to be treated with suspicion.
Many older workers feel the same way.
Many older workers have the qualifications and skills businesses are desperately looking for.
Many older workers lack the necessary computer literacy to function today.
Many older workers take early retirement rather than face unemployment.
Some older workers are likely to be hit particularly hard.
Some older workers feel left behind as Singapore moves into the new economy.
Some older workers find new jobs with little or no interruption to their work routine.
Older wounds appear dark due to the exudation of gum which oxidizes.
Older writers are concerned about constant income from what they do.
Older writers have much more to contribute, and many are willing to do precisely that.
Many older writers feel intimidated by the alleged age barrier in Hollywood.
Older xylem is known as heartwood and is found in the middle of the trunk.
Older years are available in print only .
Older years have cumulative indexes covering several years.
Older youngsters can attempt to make words by jumping to the letters in turn.
Older youngsters can help navigate and read road signs.
Older youngsters can navigate safely on their own.
Older youth are also welcome.
Older youth can apply to be day camp aides.
Older youth can compete on the high school team.
Older youth gain valuable leadership skills through assisting club activities.
Older youth helping younger youth is a great program model.
Older youths develop the capacity for moral thought.
All older zinnias are suitable for cutting.
Oldest acreage is in good condition.
Oldest acreage is up to a good stand.
Oldest acreage shows small size fruit.
Oldest crystal reveals early Earth .
Oldest family run florist in Niagara.
Oldest fields are in good condition.
Oldest formation occurs in the center of an anticline.
Oldest invoices receive payment first.
Oldest leaves show symptoms first.
Oldest models are at the beginning and newer models at the end.
Oldest plants are up to good stands.
Oldest plants show fruit set.
Oldest plants show good sized fruit.
Oldest plants show tennis ball-sized fruit.
Oldest player begins.
Oldest posting is removed.
Oldest students have priority.
Oldest zodiacs show a serpent instead of hare.
Oldhem police tell Asian people because of national Front racist goons.
An oldie is a song
Oldies act indeed.
Oldies are all right, sometimes, but listen with caution, as they are already old and overplayed.
Oldies are for babies.
Oldies are mini-operas.
Oldies are our inner classics.
Oldies are songs.
Oldies bands most Sats.
Oldies Click for online calendars and events.
Oldies Forever is a magazine that offers articles on the great music of the old days.
Oldies format, local news.
Oldies has one of the industry's strongest power ratios.
Oldies is a niche format.
Oldies is a unique body of musical taste.
Oldies is capable of delivering strong revenue performance.
Oldies is such a fun and interesting format.
Oldies is the top station among adults in Wichita.
Oldies remain the touchpoint for a generation of adults who call themselves children of the sixties.
Oldies shows, featuring local and national acts, continue to fill the stands to capacity.
Some oldies can bring up anchored stuff.
Oldman lake is beautiful and cold.
Oldsmobile enthusiasts are extremely loyal.
Oldsmobile sedans are more plentiful than pickups sporting gun racks.
An oldster is an adult
Oldsters are adults.
Oldsters can play games to win a bottle of wine, brandy or other prizes.
Oldsters can reminisce and look with misty eyes that soften any painful details.
Oldsters drive like mummies.
Oldsters recall that the front steps remained bloodstained for many years.
Oldstyle figures are intended for use inside text, they blend more harmoniously with the words.
An oldtimer is an old man
Oldtimers is just an incredible accomplishment from such a young writer.
Oldtimers remember catching coho the size of a grown man's leg as the salmon swam upstream to spawn.
Oldtimers say the complaint is an exaggeration, that there are times of calm.
Some oldtimers say it developed out of wagon races cowboys used to hold on the open range.
Oldtown man is bewildered by domestic violence charge .
Oleander bushes have leaves.
Oleander bushes have narrow leaves.
Oleander poison causes illnesses.
Oleander poison causes serious illnesses.
An oleander is a poisonous plant
Oleander accomplishes the task quite successfully.
Oleander can tolerate drought and temperatures near zero during short periods of time.
Oleander causes rush to skin, and is toxic.
Oleander comes in many colors.
Oleander contains two major cardiac glycosides, oleandroside and nerioside.
Oleander does cause nausea.
Oleander does well in salty coastal air.
Oleander grows on the well-drained soil in areas that provide enough sunlight.
Oleander hams it up for the camera after their well received performance.
Oleander has extremely poisonous leaves.
Oleander is a a beautiful plant, but poisonous if ingested.
Oleander is a large evergreen shrub that is hardy in the southern tier of Arkansas counties.
Oleander is a large shrub when grown outdoors in warm climates.
Oleander is a plant containing cardioactive glycosides.
Oleander is a plant that grows well in the worst situations.
Oleander is a plant.
Oleander is a splendid grouping of nature.
Oleander is a talented band that plays strong, solid rock with emotion.
Oleander is a tough, easy to grow plant that is best in sunny, well drained sites.
Oleander is beautiful, but extremely deadly.
Oleander is extremely poisonous.
Oleander is official flower of Hiroshima.
Oleander is one of the most poisonous plants on the planet.
Oleander is the only recorded host plant of the spotted oleander caterpillar.
Oleander isa plant.
Oleander ranks with yew in toxicity.
Oleanders are a common decorative shrub used in Israel, like California and Florida.
Oleanders are a potential problem for pets too.
Oleanders are easy to grow, which contributes to their great sizes.
Oleanders are generally trouble-free.
Oleanders are poisonous plants.
Oleanders are usually very large, mounded shrubs that take up considerable space in the landscape.
Oleanders are very drought tolerant once established, but respond well to occasional deep watering.
Oleanders are very drought-tolerant once established, but respond well to occasional deep watering.
Oleanders are very strong and can take a good amount of pruning.
Oleanders bloom in both cool and warm shades of red.
Oleanders bloom in summer.
Oleanders generally grow best in the coastal areas of South Carolina.
Oleanders generally have no serious insect or disease problems.
Oleanders grow large very quickly, even in the North.
Oleanders grow quickly into a mound of showy blossoms.
Oleanders have (part) cell membranes.
Oleanders have (part) cells.
Oleanders have (part) corpi.
Oleanders have (part) cytoplasm.
Oleanders have (part) nuclei.
Oleanders have (part) plant parts.
Oleanders have (part) plasma membranes.
Oleanders have (part) sections.
Oleanders have (part) vacuoles.
Oleanders have beautiful flowers.
Oleanders have double flowers.
Oleanders have flowers.
Oleanders produce colorful flowers.
Oleanders produce flowers.
Oleanders produce fragrant flowers.
Oleanders produce shape flowers.
Oleanders require little or no fertilizer.
Oleanders thrive in a well-draining soil enriched with some compost.
Oleanders thrive in subtropical coastal areas.
Oleanders tolerate a range of soil conditions, from dry sandy soils to moist clay soils.
Oleanders use dirty water.
Oleanders use water.
Most oleanders bloom in summer.
Most oleanders have beautiful flowers.
Most oleanders have double flowers.
Most oleanders have flowers.
Most oleanders produce colorful flowers.
Most oleanders produce flowers.
Most oleanders produce fragrant flowers.
Most oleanders produce shape flowers.
Most oleanders root in water with relative ease, although the process can take a couple of months.
Most oleanders use dirty water.
Most oleanders use water.
Some oleander leaves to treat health conditions.
Some oleanders have dark green leaves.
Some oleanders have drawbacks.
Some oleanders have foliage.
Some oleanders have green leaves.
Some oleanders have leaves.
Some oleanders have serious drawbacks.
Some oleanders help cancer.
Olecranon bursitis is the most common form of bursitis.
An olefin is an organic compound
Olefins act as free radical scavengers and remove decomposition products such as hydrochloric acid.
Olefins are chains of carbon atoms which include two carbon atoms attached with a double bond.
Olefins are easy to oxidize selectively, producing a variety of even more reactive intermediates.
Olefins are exceedingly common starting materials for organic synthesis.
Olefins are highly reactive hydrocarbons that generate high levels of ozone or smog.
Olefins are less expensive than nylons.
Olefins react primarily by addition of molecules such as water, oxygen, and halogens.
An oleomargarine is paste
All oleomargarines are vegetable oils that have been hydrogenated to various degrees.
An oleoresin is natural resin
Oleoresins are soluble in oil.
Oleoresinous finishes are fairly easy to apply.
Olestra consumption causes a high risk of diarrhea and cramping.
Olestra products are, after all, simply snacks.
Olfaction also appears to play a role in helping the turtles find their way.
Olfaction appears to be important during encounters between territorial male bontebok.
Olfaction can co-occur with changes in sense of taste.
Olfaction has both analytic and synthetic properties.
Olfaction involves actively dividing receptor neurons , with receptors linked with G-proteins.
Olfaction is a sensory system
Olfaction is a very important sense that it has similarities in terrestrial and aquatic vertebrates.
Olfaction is fairly poor.
Olfaction is the only sense that has direct cortical projections without a thalamic relay nucleus.
Olfaction is the sense of smell and gustation is the sense of taste.
Olfaction is the sense of smell.
Olfaction is used much in the sometimes highly social activities of mammals.
Olfaction plays a key role by providing input to the medial preoptic area of the hypothalamus.
Olfactory cells lie in the upper part of the nose.
Olfactory clues play a critical role in the estuarine migration of silver-phase American eels.
Olfactory communication is important for the southern needle-clawed galago.
Olfactory communication is through sternal gland markings.
Olfactory cortex is a phylogenetically old region of cortex.
Olfactory cues are also important in their social systems.
Olfactory cues are essential in animal, especially mammalian, sexual behavior.
Olfactory cues are useful for long-distance communication.
Olfactory epithelium is located on the roof of the nasal cavity.
Olfactory epitheliums contain receptors.
Olfactory evidence remains.
Olfactory fatigue is an example of neural adaptation or sensory adaptation .
Olfactory memories are some of the strongest connections our brains are wired to make.
An olfactory nerve is a cranial nerve
Olfactory nerves come into the dorsal forebrain.
Olfactory neurons are afferent neurons.
Olfactory neurons have dendrites that are connected to fine hairs in the nose that react to odours.
Olfactory organs are located on the tips of the tentacles.
Some olfactory organs detect scent.
Olfactory pathways provide a direct route to the brain for toxic substances.
An olfactory perception is sensation
Olfactory perception is vulnerable to loss with pathology and aging.
Olfactory persuasion is a crapshoot at best.
Olfactory persuasion is a gamble at best.
Olfactory receptors are present on antenna and palps.
Olfactory receptors are quick to adapt.
Olfactory receptors are very specific.
Olfactory receptors can bind to a variety of odor molecules.
Olfactory receptors guide axons.
Some olfactory senses play roles.
Olfactory signals are odors, aromas, or stinks - something that is intended to be smelled.
Olfactory signals play an importan role in communication.
Olied presses suede leather upper, Durable construction and comfort for both rugged and casual use.
An oligarch is a ruler
Oligarchs own the media, too.
Some oligarchs have a good technical knowledge of their businesses.
Oligoadenosine tracts favor nucleosome formation.
Oligochaete blood contains hemoglobin.
An oligochaete is a segmented worm
Oligochaete worms Littorina spp.
Oligochaetes are all hermaphroditic.
Oligochaetes are also annelids which have fewer setae than polychaetes.
Oligochaetes are annelids.
Oligochaetes are hermaphroditic and practice a form of mutual copulation.
Oligochaetes are mostly hermaphroditic, but cross- fertilization is the usual case.
Oligochaetes are segmented worms that are widely distributed on land and in fresh water.
Oligochaetes have a sticky pad in the roof of the mouth.
Oligochaetes live in soil or fresh water.
Oligochaetes occur in a variety of habitats throughout the world.
All oligochaetes are hermaphroditic, and nearly all cross-fertilize by copulation.
Most oligochaetes are detritivores, feeding on dead organic matter, mostly vegetable matter.
Most oligochaetes are scavengers or detritivores.
Most oligochaetes have no gills or similar structures, and simply breathe through their moist skin.
Oligoclonal bands are common.
Oligoclonal bands are sometimes present.
Oligoclonal bands indicate that IgG represents antibodies to specific antigens.
An oligodendrocyte is a glial cell
Oligodendrocytes act as stem cells, producing neurons and glia.
Oligodendrocytes are capable of forming myelin.
Oligodendrocytes are cells affected in demtelinating diseases such as multiple sclerosis.
Oligodendrocytes are cells.
Oligodendrocytes are glias.
Oligodendrocytes are responsible for the formation of myelin sheaths surrounding axons.
Oligodendrocytes fail to recruit macrophages for debris removal.
Oligodendrocytes form and maintain the myelin sheath of axons in the central nervous system.
Oligodendrocytes form myelin sheaths around optic nerve axons.
Oligodendrocytes form myelin sheaths that insulate nerve processes.
Oligodendrocytes have small dark nuclei and resemble lymphocytes.
Oligodendrocytes maintain the myelin covering of nerve cells.
Oligodendrocytes myelinate axons, and provide for rapid conduction of neuronal signals.
Oligodendrocytes produce myelin, a sheath that surrounds and insulates nerve fibers.
Oligodendrocytes produce the myelin in the central nervous system.
Oligodendrocytes produce the myelin that insulates axons and makes synaptic transmission faster.
Oligodendrocytes provide a good model system for such investigations.
Oligodendrocytes repel axons and cause axonal growth cone collapse.
Oligodendrocytes wrap around nerves to produce myelin, a substance that protects nerves.
An oligodendroglia is a glia
Oligodendroglia are glial cells found in both white and grey matter.
Oligodendroglia are smaller than astrocytes and have a denser nucleus and cytoplasm.
Some oligopic markets have very few price changes.
Oligopolistic firms tend to prefer to engage in non-price competition.
An oligopoly is a market
Oligopolies also lead to innovation with standardization.
Oligopolies are industries in which only a handful of sellers exist.
Oligopolies are markets.
Oligopolies are very common .
Oligopolies are very common.
Oligopolies create fewer choices for a consumer.
Oligopoly is big business - markets that contain only a small number of relatively large firms.
Oligopoly is common in Western economies today.
Oligopoly is in between.
Oligosaccharide synthesis is the second area under investigation.
An oligosaccharide is sugar
Oligosaccharide is a saccharide polymer containing a small number of component sugars.
Oligosaccharides are a universal signal for attack by pathogenic microbes.
Oligosaccharides are carbohydrate molecules in grains.
Oligosaccharides are carbohydrates.
Oligosaccharides are complex sugars which play an important role in animal health.
Oligosaccharides are of two types, high mannose and complex .
Oligosaccharides are one of the components of fibre , found in plants.
Oligosaccharides are polymers of sugars.
Oligosaccharides can have many functions including cell recognition and cell binding.
Oligotrophic lakes are cold and clear.
Oligotrophic lakes are deep, cold and infertile with rocky shorelines.
Oligotrophic lakes are deep, nutrient-poor, and low in primary productivity.
Oligotrophic lakes are generally clear, deep and free of weeds or large algae blooms.
Oligotrophic lakes are lakes with low concentrations of nutrients.
Oligotrophic lakes have low productivity as a result.
Oligotrophic lakes have nice clean water, no weed problems and poor fishing.
Oligotrophic lakes tend to be unproductive, clear, cold, and deep.
An oliguria is urination
Oliguria is present in most individuals.
Olive baboons adapt to environments.
Olive baboons are active during the day and spend most of their time on the ground.
Olive baboons are active during the day.
Olive baboons are mammals.
Olive baboons bob heads.
Olive baboons eat fruit.
Olive baboons eat leaves.
Olive baboons exhibit complex patterns.
Olive baboons exhibit patterns.
Olive baboons have a greenish-grey coat covering their bodies.
Olive baboons have cheek pouches.
Olive baboons have eyelids.
Olive baboons have home range size.
Olive baboons have pouches.
Olive baboons have size.
Olive baboons live in a variety of habitats across their broad range.
Olive baboons live in medium to large groups with multiple males and females.
Olive baboons live in open woodlands.
Olive baboons live in savanna woodlands.
Olive baboons live in woodlands.
Olive baboons reach maturity.
Olive baboons reach sexual maturity.
Olive baboons rely on fruit.
Olive baboons use hands.
Most olive baboons adapt to environments.
Most olive baboons eat fruit.
Most olive baboons eat leaves.
Most olive baboons have cheek pouches.
Most olive baboons have eyelids.
Most olive baboons have home range size.
Most olive baboons have pouches.
Most olive baboons have size.
Most olive baboons live in open woodlands.
Most olive baboons live in savanna woodlands.
Most olive baboons live in woodlands.
Most olive baboons reach maturity.
Most olive baboons reach sexual maturity.
Most olive baboons rely on fruit.
Most olive baboons use hands.
Some olive baboons adopt rigid stances.
Some olive baboons adopt stances.
Some olive baboons have distribution.
Some olive baboons have wide distribution.
An olive branch is an offer
Olive branches burn and lights glow in the narrow streets where echoes proudly roar.
Olive branches symbolize nobility, fruitfulness and peace in Biblical texts.
All olive buds start out green.
An olive drab is an olive
Olive drab is one of the colors used for Sofia and camouflage in the military.
Olive green is comprised of two parts yellow to one part blue.
Olive green is dropped as the standard color.
Olive green is green
Olive groves adjoining drying grain fields are most susceptible to damage.
Olive groves are the most prominent feature of the Apulian landscape.
Olive groves represent the goal of independence.
Olive growers pick their crops and transport the goods to be pressed into oil.
Olive harvest is one of the most expensive operations in the orchard.
Olive leaves are the Christian symbol of peace.
Olive leaves contain protease inhibitors which basically inactivate viruses.
Olive mite is an eriophyid mite and is difficult to see without magnification.
Olive oil acts as a natural sunscreen and is a very good hair conditioner.
Olive oil adds more flavor.
Olive oil appears to protect the bones, joints, skin, liver and heart.
Olive oil becomes rancid very easily, more so when exposed to heat or light.
Olive oil can also preserve the color of certain freshly made sauces.
Olive oil can get costly, but the investment is worth it.
Olive oil comes from both the fruit pulp and from the seed.
Olive oil consists of olein, palmitin, stearin, linolein.
Olive oil contains a high concentration of monounsaturated fatty acids.
Olive oil contains no cholesterol.
Olive oil contains no salt and is naturally cholesterol-free.
Olive oil contains the most unsaturated fat, as opposed to saturated.
Olive oil contains vitamins A and E that help in the growth of hair.
Olive oil Cut the spaghetti squash in half and scoop out the seeds.
Olive oil gets thick in the fridge.
Olive oil has a relatively low smoke point.
Olive oil has a slightly sticky texture so suits dryer skins.
Olive oil has a very dis inctive flavor, and has become more prominent in American cooking today.
Olive oil has a very distinctive flavor, and has become more prominent in American cooking today.
Olive oil has low smoke point.
Olive oil has many health benefits.
Olive oil has more calories than butter or regular margarine.
Olive oil helps in preventing as well as curing hair loss.
Olive oil helps move hairballs.
Olive oil helps taming down frizzy hair and helps manage split ends better.
Olive oil is a complex mixture of oils and waxes.
Olive oil is a fine choice, as are canola, safflower, peanut, and sunflower oils.
Olive oil is a golden colour, tinged with yellow.
Olive oil is a good oil to use in the summer.
Olive oil is a good preservative for other eatables too.
Olive oil is a good source of monounsaturated fats.
Olive oil is a good source of monounsaturated fatty acids.
Olive oil is a healthful fat that lowers heart disease risk.
Olive oil is a monounsaturated fat.
Olive oil is a monounsaturated oil.
Olive oil is a panacea, the perfect oil for all ages.
Olive oil is a safe and tasty bet.
Olive oil is a 'safe oil' for high cholesterol diets if used in moderation.
Olive oil is a tasty alternative.
Olive oil is a very important ingredient in the Italian cuisine.
Olive oil is added to the stew and rapidly boiled to blend it into the broth.
Olive oil is almost unique among oils in that it can be consumed in the crude form without refining.
Olive oil is also a good source of antioxidants.
Olive oil is also a product of excellent quality in the region.
Olive oil is also popular.
Olive oil is an effective home remedy for curing yeast infection.
Olive oil is an especially good choice.
Olive oil is an especially healthy fat .
Olive oil is an especially healthy fat.
Olive oil is an example of a fat that contains monounsaturated fatty acids.
Olive oil is an example of a type of oil that contains monounsaturated fats.
Olive oil is an excellent source of energy and easily digestible.
Olive oil is another important ingredient in Italian cooking.
Olive oil is another of the valley's burgeoning industries.
Olive oil is another story.
Olive oil is as beneficial as mustard oil for the hair.
Olive oil is as important and complex as wine, and as expensive.
Olive oil is as variable as wine.
Olive oil is basic to paella.
Olive oil is beneficial, dribbled over salads.
Olive oil is better than saturated dairy and animal fats.
Olive oil is commercially the most versatile part of Olea .
Olive oil is considered the most stable for cooking.
Olive oil is earthy, it is complex, and a superb culinary partner for countless foods.
Olive oil is easier to shampoo out.
Olive oil is essential to Spanish cooking, and it is used in many desserts.
Olive oil is even better but of course more expensive.
Olive oil is excellent for frying.
Olive oil is extracted from the ripened fruits.
Olive oil is far and away the preferable oil for non-cooking applications.
Olive oil is fine for most kitchen knives as it is close to hand and quite servicable.
Olive oil is fine.
Olive oil is good in killing head lice.
Olive oil is high in antioxidant activity.
Olive oil is high in monounsaturated fat, which is considered a safeguard against heart disease.
Olive oil is high in monounsaturated fat.
Olive oil is indispensable in preparing many of the recipes.
Olive oil is known to promote heart health and skin health.
Olive oil is low in saturated fat and so possesses less of a risk for heart disease.
Olive oil is low in saturated fats and high in mono-unsaturated fat.
Olive oil is made only from green olives.
Olive oil is made up of triglycerides, which are molecules composed of fatty acids.
Olive oil is milder in taste and can be used in sauteing and stir-frying.
Olive oil is monounsatured so it has no satured fat.
Olive oil is more stable than other vegetable oils and it is quite resistant to oxidation.
Olive oil is non-toxic and easy to apply.
Olive oil is oil
Olive oil is oil.
Olive oil is one of the best heart disease fighting natural foods available.
Olive oil is one of the best sources of mono-unsaturated fats in the world.
Olive oil is one of the most common staples in Italian cooking.
Olive oil is our favorite type, but truffle oil, sesame oil, and others are great, too.
Olive oil is popular in Mediterranean countries .
Olive oil is popular in Mediterranean countries.
Olive oil is preferred in the Mediterranean region, and lamb fat or sesame oil in the Near East.
Olive oil is pressed from the fruit of the olive tree.
Olive oil is pressed, and petroleum, phosphates, fish, and agricultural produce are shipped.
Olive oil is recommended for stronger flavored dressings like Balsamic or Italian.
Olive oil is reported to reduce cholesterol levels making olive oil a healthy choice.
Olive oil is reputed to combat liver problems and constipation, as well.
Olive oil is rich in monounsaturated fats, a type associated with a lower risk of heart disease.
Olive oil is rich in tradition and history compared with canola.
Olive oil is richer in squalene than most vegetable oils.
Olive oil is safer than mineral oil and can be used when necessary.
Olive oil is served at the table so the diner can drizzle some to taste.
Olive oil is somewhat unstable and can easily become rancid.
Olive oil is sublime, the view of the Adriatic and Mediterranean striking.
Olive oil is super for use on and in pasta and breads.
Olive oil is the best fat for cooking.
Olive oil is the best fat ingredient for the creation of any cold or hot sauces.
Olive oil is the best tolerated dietary fat for triglyceride watchers.
Olive oil is the edible oil expressed from the sound, mature fruit of the olive tree.
Olive oil is the healthiest oil to use.
Olive oil is the juice made by crushing olives .
Olive oil is the juice made by crushing olives.
Olive oil is the main ingredient and vegetables cooked in olive oil are popular.
Olive oil is the most common.
Olive oil is the most important ingredient of Apulian cuisine.
Olive oil is the most well known.
Olive oil is the only vegetable oil that can be consumed without refining.
Olive oil is the preferred fat.
Olive oil is the preferred oil in California and the Mediterranean.
Olive oil is the principal fat in the Mediterranean diet.
Olive oil is the principal source of fat in the diet.
Olive oil is the recommended fuel.
Olive oil is the richest source of monounsaturated fatty acids.
Olive oil is used because that was the oil used in Bible times.
Olive oil is used for cooking.
Olive oil is used for mildness and the ability to soften the skin.
Olive oil is used in a variety of ways in cooking, and in the household economy.
Olive oil is used in bread making.
Olive oil is used in everyday cooking.
Olive oil is used in nearly everything, sometimes for flavoring and sometimes for frying.
Olive oil is vegetable oil.
Olive oil is very flavorful and can be used in a variety of ways.
Olive oil is very healthful in many ways and is especially good for the liver and bowels.
Olive oil is very healthy.
Olive oil makes a mild, gentle soap.
Olive oil makes a tasty substitute for saturated and trans fats.
Olive oil makes very fine bubbles and is very good for the skin.
Olive oil moisturizes the lips and prevents cracks from forming.
Olive oil replaces other fats and oils in the diet, including margarine and butter.
Olive oil stands high temperatures, and so it is most suitable for frying .
Olive oil stands up to frying temperatures for a few batches.
Olive oils come in various grades and intensities.
Olive oils possess many of the same properties that wines do.
Olive oils range from light amber to green in color and bland to extremely strong in flavor.
Olive oils vary from year to year depending on the climate, region, and the type of olives used.
All olive oil is classified mainly by the amount of acidity, as well as the flavor, color and aroma.
Most olive oil sold in the United States is pure.
Some olive oil comes from fruit.
Some olive oil contains acid.
Some olive oil contains fatty acid.
Some olive oil has calories.
Some olive oil has properties.
Some olive oil helps cholesterol.
Some olive oil helps harmful cholesterol.
Some olive oil helps lower cholesterol.
Some olive oil helps lower harmful cholesterol.
Olive production is second only to that of Spain.
An olive ridley is a ridley
Olive ridleys are primarily carnivorous.
Olive ridleys are the most abundant of all sea turtles.
Olive ridleys have nesting sites all over the world, on tropical and subtropical beaches.
Olive ridleys have small heads and small, olive gray shells that measure around two feet in length.
Some olive ridleys have heads.
Olive scale feeds on twigs, leaves, and fruits.
Olive scenery is exceptionally beautiful.
Many olive shells feed by traveling just under the surface of sand in their bullet-shaped shells.
Olive skin is considered cool because it is a mixture of blue and yellow.
Olive skin looks good with brownish reds, light browns and raisin shades of lipstick.
Olive throat rays out on all segments.
An olive tree is a fruit tree
Olive tree is among the oldest found on earth.
Olive tree teaches patience.
Olive trees are a symbol of Israel or Jewish peoples in scriptures.
Olive trees are also very long-lived.
Olive trees are as precious as life itself.
Olive trees are fruit trees.
Olive trees are graceful, lovely, and low-maintenance.
Olive trees are life in the Middle East.
Olive trees are practically ageless.
Olive trees are somewhere between a tree and a bush.
Olive trees are the dominant among the fruit trees.
Olive trees are trees.
Olive trees are very hardy.
Olive trees are, because of the severe winters, only found near sea-level.
Olive trees become more intriguing as they mature.
Olive trees bloom in the spring and early summer, bearing small white flowers.
Olive trees can attain quite a long life span.
Olive trees can survive years of neglect if provided with the appropriate growing conditions.
Olive trees dot the slopes of the hills which have been terraced to prevent erosion.
Olive trees flourish, providing a flavor-packed oil to bathe other foods.
Olive trees grow extensively throughout Galilee.
Olive trees have yet to be planted.
Olive trees line the parking lot, giving it a Mediterranean feel.
Olive trees live unusually long, and they are productive and attractive.
Olive trees require a considerable investment of time and money.
Olive trees stud the arid landscape.
Olive trees thrive in climates with a strong sunshine.
Olive trees thrive in well-draining, sandy soil.
Some olive trees live to be two thousand years old.
Some olive trees provide shades.
Olive wood handle with brass bolsters.
Some olive wood remains on the end of the nail.
An olive is fruit
Olive assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the site.
Olive breaks down cholesterol, aids the skin, pores and joints.
Olive can help in cases of physical exhaustion.
Olive can help.
Olive dubbing The matuka is a New Zealand creation that takes big fish world wide.
Olive fills that space nicely.
Olive flies from fork, hits waiter in eye.
Olive is also to do with power, authority and leadership.
Olive is as fast as greased lightning .
Olive is as fast as greased lightning.
Olive is busy with home, church, and club work.
Olive is hopeless, as are willow, poplar, and fruit trees.
Olive is major crop in Albania, a source of food and oil.
Olive is more a pit than a pip.
Olive is originally from Jamaica.
Olive leaves for the people.
Olive loves to play with other dogs.
Olive mites feed on succulent stem and bud tissues and on the upper surface of leaves.
Olive never runs from a good healthy squabble.
Olive provides solutions that work.
Olive ridleys munch on crabs, shrimp, rock lobsters and jellyfish.
Olive sits atop a hill, with panoramic views, and amidst an abundance of mature shade trees.
Olive varieties number in the dozens and vary in size and flavor.
Olives also eat marine worms.
Olives are a brain and nerve food and the oil serves to dilate the bladder.
Olives are a finger food.
Olives are a great choice for a low-calorie snack or recipe ingredient.
Olives are also an excellent source of sodium.
Olives are cheap and plentiful.
Olives are colour.
Olives are disgusting.
Olives are drupes.
Olives are easy to digest if well chewed.
Olives are edible fruit.
Olives are edible.
Olives are fruit.
Olives are good as are a few capers.
Olives are good for the proper functioning of the spleen.
Olives are good.
Olives are great, low glycemic index.
Olives are harvested during the winter - it's rainy during that part of the year.
Olives are harvested in the autumn and winter .
Olives are harvested in the green to purple stage.
Olives are high in fat.
Olives are located in jars.
Olives are located in pizzas.
Olives are located in refrigerators.
Olives are mentioned as a source of good fat.
Olives are olive trees.
Olives are one of the most extensively cultivated fruit crops in the world.
Olives are one of the seven native fruits with which the land of Israel is blessed.
Olives are part of martinis.
Olives are part of olives.
Olives are placed in lye and soaked.
Olives are plants.
Olives are propagated by various methods.
Olives are ripe when color turn dark.
Olives are spongy.
Olives are trees.
Olives are very popular, especially in the Mediterranean area.
Olives are very shallow-rooted trees.
Olives are very versatile and can be used for snacks, sidedishes, ingredients, or appetizers.
Olives are wood.
Olives can be enjoyable, but onions taste foul in a martini.
Olives do really well in Australia.
Olives float in the glass.
Olives grow very slowly, and over many years the trunk can attain a considerable diameter.
Olives grown by homeowners for home curing or oil are equally at risk.
Olives have to be processed as soon as possible after harvest.
Olives holds an enviable place in Boston diners' hearts.
Olives live for hundreds of years, and survive drought, heat, and poor soil.
Olives look grand even on pizza.
Olives represent important protein membrane structures identified as permeases.
Olives ripen through the autumn and into the winter.
Olives sit in a gumball machine.
All olives are green to start with and turn black when fully ripe.
Most olive ridleys nest in large, synchronized aggregations known as arribadas.
Most olives are, however, grown on their own roots.
An olivine is a mineral
Olivine brings families in Zimbabwe top quality food and other household products.
Olivine frees the mind from sadness and evil passions.
Olivine is colorless and has high relief in plane light.
Olivine is less reactive.
Olivine occurs apparently as secondary grains.
Olivine occurs predominantly in the darker materials in the southern hemisphere.
Olivines are minerals.
Olivines exhibit planar fractures and mosaicism.
All olivine is altered and usually replaced by dark green clay.
Olivocerebellar fibers constitute the major component of the restiform body.
An olla is paper
Ollas being unavailable in Canada, paper mach over a balloon performs the trick.
Olms are gregarious , and usually aggregate either under stones or in fissures.
Olmec culture represents the rise of chiefdom-level societies.
Olmstead implementation involves money and jobs.
Olney bulrush is dominant on many Maryland coastal marshes where controlled burning is practiced.
An ology is a field
Ology is the study or the lore of something.
Olona fibers are exceptionally long.
Oloroso sherry is more heavily fortified than fino.
OLRC service charges Charges include regular mail delivery.
OLRS staff recognize our own limitations in communication in some circumstances.
Oltenian sausages are famous.
Olympia police describe the crime as bold.
Olympiad tournament begins Qualifying underway.
Olympian dynasty begins.
Olympians are athletes.
Olympians are just people, too.
Olympians are now off to college.
Olympians can take lessons at the oval.
Olympians fail to finish.
Olympians forsake all to devote themselves to a high calling.
Olympians have one commitment, their training.
Olympians say community's help in renovating a practice facility played big role in their success.
Olympic athletes are the latest to support the movement.
Olympic athletes do it all the time.
Olympic athletes do it.
Olympic athletes do that.
Olympic athletes get a boost from technology.
Olympic athletes have sponsors, expensive equipment, and the luxury of training full time.
Olympic athletes hire coaches to achieve their outstanding performance.
Olympic athletes receive much more financial support than Paralympic athletes .
Olympic athletes receive much more financial support than Paralympic athletes.
Olympic Athletes say they have found a secret to deal with stress.
Olympic athletes tend to have lower RHRs than couch potatoes.
Olympic athletes tour the country every four years after the Olympics.
Olympic athletes train here year-round.
Olympic athletes travel from all over the world to compete.
Olympic athletes use their bodies.
Olympic athletes win by knowing exactly what a gold-medal performance looks like.
Many Olympic athletes have asthma.
Most Olympic athletes are professionals.
Most Olympic athletes start practicing sports in early childhood.
Some Olympic athletes have more on their mind than winning a gold medal.
Some Olympic athletes seem to have taken the warm welcome they received in host city Sydney too far.
Olympic bars are to be stripped down completely after use.
Olympic bars have needle bearings in the sleeves.
Olympic baseball is a round-robin competition with four teams emerging in the medal round.
Olympic bowl has some truly steep terrain when it is open.
Olympic cards are in orig.
Olympic champion means cereal box covers, shampoo, and either milk or cheese.
Olympic champions are in some way physical freaks.
Olympic champions discuss whether a new Olympic idea is necessary.
Olympic champions get assistance.
All Olympic champions know how to do it.
Olympic contender describes training, competitions leading to Olympics.
Olympic contingent is complete.
Some Olympic divers can perform up to four and one-half somersaults or twists in a dive.
Olympic finals round.
Olympic games proceed after the children in the Neighborhood stop the snow.
Olympic gold can have that kind of effect on a father and a son.
Olympic History Enter here to find a nice article on the history of wrestling in the Olympic Games.
Olympic History Enter here to find details on the history of track and field in the Olympic Games.
Olympic History Learn all about the Olympics.
Olympic History Learn how swimming became an Olympic sport.
Olympic History Take a multimedia photographic walk down Olymic history lane.
Olympic Hopeful Locate the city of Beijing on a world map.
Olympic hopefuls are nothing new to Sun Valley.
Olympic hopefuls face the same dilemma with their exercise regimen.
Olympic information is a particular strength of the collection.
Olympic library goes for gold.
Olympic lifters have their best competition snatch and clean and jerks.
Olympic lifters perform almost exclusively positive only movements.
Olympic marathons are usually races of many lead changes and careful tactics.
Olympic marmots are diurnal and terrestrial animals.
Olympic marmots eat herbs, grasses, and flowers.
Olympic marmots identify each other by touching noses and smelling of cheeks.
Olympic medal is athletic awards.
Olympic medal is awards.
Olympic medals are worth more than their weight in gold.
Olympic medals represent endless practice, countless injuries and limitless dedication.
Olympic merchandise is also available in other retail locations throughout the state.
Olympic mode enables the player to train a squad of athletes to Gold medal standard.
Olympic officials disagree.
Olympic officials say early responses from the trucking industry have been favorable.
Olympic officials take a similar oath.
Olympic organizers say the reopened park is far more secure.
Olympic paddlers come here to train in the local whitewater.
Olympic ratings take a dive.
Olympic regattas have different drawings and length.
Olympic riders go through extensive physical and mental training to be where they are.
Olympic rings decorate one wall of the living room.
Olympic runs are more accessible at Deer Valley, on the outskirts of Park City.
Olympic Schedule Find out the dates of specific events and heats.
Olympic shooters use a video laser sighting system to track minute aiming flaws.
Olympic snowboarders use a half-pipe in competition.
Olympic softball consists of eight teams from all around the world.
Olympic soils have an umbric epipedon.
Olympic sponsors pay a lot of money for that status and the marketing advantages that come from it.
Olympic sponsorship is a tremendous opportunity.
Olympic sports are played to compete, Some Olympic sportsmen achieve great feats.
Olympic sprinters do it.
Olympic swimmers prefer microfiber because it is super absorbent and dries quickly.
Any Olympic swimmer can race across the lake.
Olympic television goes to the videotape.
Olympic tickets are part of the package.
Olympic village opens .
Olympic Volunteers are perhaps the most significant category of Volunteer action in general.
Olympic volunteers sound their whistles as the athletes approach, and cheers go up in anticipation.
Every Olympic year is a special programme.
Oman also issues tourist visas for two weeks.
Oman can provide some very good diving.
Oman changes stock index to reflect active shares .
Oman comprises a coastal plain and an interior region of hills and desert.
Oman enjoys a strong communications network.
Oman grows signs where the number of stones and their position is inspired by their UK-counterparts.
Oman grows trees for frankincense.
Oman has a hot and arid climate.
Oman has a hot climate and very little rainfall .
Oman has a hot climate and very little rainfall.
Oman has a modern infrastructure.
Oman has a number of hotels, ranging in price from 'budget' to 'deluxe'.
Oman has a profusion of exotic marine life and some of the best dive sites in the world.
Oman has a small but dynamic tourism industry established in a very small timeframe.
Oman has a substantial fishing economy, but the waters have been polluted and the stocks overfished.
Oman has a very high standard of health care.
Oman has a very strategic location on the world map.
Oman has a way of getting audiences to sing, move and become part of the music.
Oman has a wide variety of wild life, some of which are now very rare.
Oman has all the right ingredients to promote industries but it lacks a proper marketing framework.
Oman has an arid subtropical climate.
Oman has an excellent highway system and modern airports.
Oman has high levels on dispersion of telephones, TV-sets and radios.
Oman has natural gas reserves, which play an important role in the development of the economy.
Oman has no arable land or permanent crops.
Oman has no general provisions for the temporary entry of goods.
Oman has no provisions for the temporary entry of goods.
Oman has no system of checks and balances, and thus no separation of powers .
Oman has numerous oil fields.
Oman has some of the most spectacular terrain in the gulf.
Oman has the second highest fertility rate in the world.
Oman has three distinct topographical features.
Oman has three national Arabic dailies.
Oman is a bastion of religious, economic, and gender freedom in an otherwise difficult neighborhood.
Oman is a country that works.
Oman is a country where our interests are extremely important.
Oman is a marvellous symphony harmonising great civilisation and modern development.
Oman is a natural choice for the nature lover.
Oman is a relatively small oil producer in the Gulf but oil is important to the Omani economy.
Oman is a striking example of such progress.
Oman is a sultanate.
Oman is also an absolute monarchy centered on the capital city of Muscat.
Oman is an absolute monarchy.
Oman is an extraordinary country of contrasts.
Oman is bordered to the west by the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and the Republic of Yemen.
Oman is by far the best example on the planet of exposed oceanic crust.
Oman is indeed an independent state.
Oman is largely a desert land, with five distinct geographical regions.
Oman is located in the extreme southeastern corner of the Arabian Peninsula.
Oman is located on the south east of the Arabian Peninsula.
Oman is located on the southern tip of the Arabian Peninsula.
Oman is one country in which our business ventures have been most successful.
Oman is one of the Arabian Gulf countries.
Oman is one of the most important sites for green turtles in the Indian Ocean.
Oman is open for business on a global scale.
Oman is relatively rich in minerals.
Oman is ruled by a sultan, who is advised by an appointed cabinet.
Oman is shown as a separate political region.
Oman is the oldest independent state in the Arab world.
Oman is the only country in the Gulf to provide export credit insurance.
Oman is the unique destination of the Orient.
Oman is to the east.
Oman is tolerant and enlightened.
Oman isa thing.
Oman joins international collaboration to save wildlife.
Oman needs to reduce the number of expatriate workers.
Oman now has women in banking, the foreign service, and the domestic civil service.
Oman occupies the southeastern corner of the Arabian Peninsula.
Oman offers both Britain and the United States the use of air fields and other facilities.
Oman stands very much apart from other Arab countries.
Oman wants more flexibility, allowing it to sell to other clients.
Omans are countries.
Omans are part of gulf states.
Some Oman is part of Asia.
Some Oman is part of Eurasia.
Omani capital launches crackdown on summer salad .
Omani culture dates back many thousands of years.
Omani delegation visits Tushki.
Omani residents are generally courteous drivers and follow traffic rules.
Ombrelle lotions are light enough to wear on the face under makeup daily.
Ombrothermal diagrams are a representation of the climate from a naturalistic point of view.
Ombrotrophic mires are populated by organisms that exist at very low levels of min- eral nutrients.
An ombudsman is an investigator
Ombudsman acts on behalf of the long-term recipient.
Ombudsman are people who visit nursing homes on a regular basis.
Ombudsman investigates specific complaints and negotiates settlements within the facility.
Ombudsman represents and advocates for nursing facility residents.
Ombudsmans are investigators.
Ombudsmen also help to provide comfort and support to the command s family members.
Ombudsmen also work to develop and support resident and family councils at the facilities.
Ombudsmen are advocates for nursing home residents and they help resolve complaints.
Ombudsmen are advocates for people living in nursing and residential care homes.
Ombudsmen are also counselors.
Ombudsmen are an effective conduit for passing the word.
Ombudsmen are merit system employees of the State of Alabama.
Ombudsmen are primarily a liaison between commanding officers and families.
Ombudsmen are skilled in making helpful referrals to other agencies.
Ombudsmen are subject to removal for specified causes.
Ombudsmen are volunteers personally selected by the commanding officer.
Ombudsmen are well placed to observe wrong doing by individual traders.
Ombudsmen assist individual families with information, problem solving and a helping hand.
Ombudsmen can provide information to family members as well as give feedback to the command.
Ombudsmen come from all walks of life.
Ombudsmen complete a thirty-six hour training program.
Ombudsmen continue to provide a safe haven.
Ombudsmen do that with editors.
Ombudsmen do their own fact-finding, but can also refer things to the state.
Ombudsmen have a dual function here.
Ombudsmen have extensive powers to inquire and investigate agency acts.
Ombudsmen identify, investigate, and resolve complaints made by or on behalf of residents.
Ombudsmen investigate and make recommendations to the highest officials of the government.
Ombudsmen investigate complaints regarding the facility.
Ombudsmen provide a regular presence in long term care facilities.
Ombudsmen provide information about how to find a facility and what to do to get quality care.
Ombudsmen provide information to residents and families regarding resident rights.
Ombudsmen provide services to protect the health, safety, welfare and rights of the elderly.
Ombudsmen receive complaints, investigate and help resolve problems.
Ombudsmen receive special training and are certified by the state.
Ombudsmen routinely visit long-term care facilities to monitor conditions and speak with residents.
Ombudsmen seek to resolve any problems or concerns in an expedient and confidential manner.
Ombudsmen take on a variety of roles at different levels.
Ombudsmen visit each long-term care facility at least once every two weeks.
Ombudsmen visit each nursing home twice monthly.
Ombudsmen visit nursing homes on a regular basis and know about each nursing home in their area.
Ombudsmen visit nursing homes on a regular basis.
Ombudsmen often detect mood or health changes in residents that are overlooked by busy staff.
Ombudsmen usually help settle disputes between employers and employees.
Most ombudsmen take no more notes than necessary to avoid creating a record.
Some ombudsmen specialize in certain areas.
Omega chains make a timeless fashion statement like no other.
Omega oxidation is important in the metabolism of drug molecules which contain alkyl chains.
Omega watches are in great demand, by great filmmakers for their films.
An omega is a letter
Omega compounds Reduce oxygen radical oxidation of chromosomes and damage to other tissues.
Omega destroys subspace.
Omega guarantees it.
Omega has a rich heritage to be protected and celebrated.
Omega introduces the first minute repeater wristwatch.
Omega is a biased graph.
Omega is a diversified company that serves corporate and government travelers.
Omega is a microcosm of the most interesting professional men in the world.
Omega is a non-profit organization engaged in a variety of activities.
Omega is a service provider that features communications hobby programming.
Omega is a top-notch facility in the Washington, D.C. area.
Omega is a two year old from Columbus Ohio.
Omega is actually two laser beams in one.
Omega is also a key player in the vacation and group markets and sells cruises and tours worldwide.
Omega is also a leader in Internet travel services.
Omega is amazing.
Omega is as much at home with sub-sea fabrication as it is with international projects.
Omega is currently the world's most powerful laser.
Omega is discussed in the next chapter.
Omega is divided into systems and tools.
Omega is experimental software.
Omega is found in flax seeds, hemp seed oil, and in an herb, purslane, which is an oil.
Omega is in many senses a cabalistic number.
Omega is in the Hudson River Valley, about two hours north of New York City.
Omega is intended to be policy neutral, and efficient enough to implement systems.
Omega is just great.
Omega is still nowhere to be seen.
Omega is the average density of mass in the entire universe.
Omega is the dominant player in Belgium, but Belgium is a tiny market.
Omega is the first African-American greek letter organization to be headquartered in the southeast.
Omega is the largest retreat and holistic study center in America.
Omega is the last letter in the Greek alphabet.
Omega is the last.
Omega is the long of omicron, or omicron is the short of omega.
Omega is the premier destination for agencies and advertisers.
Omega is the relaxation parameter.
Omega is the rotation rate of an object in radians per second.
Omega is ultimate knowledge, fateful knowledge.
Omega is uncomputable.
Omega is worth a try.
Omega isa happening.
Omega isa occurrence.
Omega issues a second ticket for the same trip.
Omega looks like the closing scene from a spaghetti western.
Omega now offers a pulp ejection machine that provides for continuous juicing.
Omega offers a retreat week, with the intention of offering a rigorous and authentic program.
Omega offers advanced moving probe technology.
Omega offers fully employer paid medical, dental, and life insurance programs for all employees.
Omega offers many room and board options including camping, dormitories, and cabins.
Omega offers programs for all ages and skill levels.
Omega provides a lower bound on the running time of an algorithm.
Omega provides investigation and video surveillance of workers compensation claimants.
Omega provides up to the minute information on commercial web sites with space to offer.
Omega reserves the right to refuse acceptance of any damaged product.
Omega stands out as one of the most unique attempts at a new direction in game design.
Omega takes great pride in the quality and performance of their aerosol products.
Omega tries to keep things simple to avoid quirks and ambiguities.
Omegas are buildings.
Omegas are endings.
Omegas are letters.
Omegas are located in japans.
Omegas help health.
An omelet is a dish
Omelets are also easier with the right pan.
Omelets are dishs.
Omelets are easy to make.
Omelets are really handy, they make a great presentation, and are so quick and easy to make.
Omelets are the rage, as are the fish and chips and French dips for lunch.
Omelets take a bit of practice, but they're worth it.
Omelets Use whole milk, regular margarine, and mayonnaise.
An omelette is a dish
Omelette isa nourishment.
Omelette isa sustenance.
Omelettes are puffy mounds, a bit stiff but packed with goodies.
Omelettes have (part) sauces.
Omelettes have (part) sections.
Some omelettes contain sausage.
Omen is a sign
Omen is films.
Omens indicate an auspicious beginning nonetheless.
Omens tend to happen more to people who live in harmony with nature.
More omens predict doom.
Some omens are signs of good fortune while others are a sign of impending misfortune.
Some omens can often be good ones.
An omeprazole is an agent
Omeprazole works best if taken on an empty stomach.
Omeprazole works by decreasing the amount of acid produced by the stomach.
Omeprazoles are drugs.
Omeprazoles are medicine.
Omer chases bears for a living.
Omf files can contain video and audio clips and editing lists, and have lots of bells and whisles.
Ominous augers accumulate into horrible episodes.
Many ominous bills loom on the horizon.
Ominous clouds roll in and cover the high slopes of Everest as the sun fades.
Ominous howls echo through the forest.
Ominous predictions abound.
Ominous shadows fall across politics, family life and education.
Ominous signs warn against trespassing onto government property.
Ominous things are afoot.
Ominous whispers flood a dark stage with gossip and random ballet terminology.
An omission is an error
Omission can hurt, but inclusion never does.
Omission encourages war rather than peace.
Omission is a different flavor of lie.
Omission is a perverse complement to photojournalism.
Omission is an intentional device used throughout the story.
Omission is as racistly egregious as commission of racist acts.
Omission is just a different flavor of lie.
Omission is murder.
Omission is probably less damaging than potentially false information.
Omission isa error.
Omission isa mistake.
Omission regards the external act, for it consists in failing to perform an act which is due.
Omissions are a fault of the maintainer.
Omissions are a large number of choral works, with or without accompaniment.
Omissions are easy to make in trying to make real comparisons.
Omissions are especially apparent in the sections covering conduction blocks and hypertrophy.
Omissions are in part the result of intent and in part the result of absentmindedness.
Omissions are inevitable owing to infinite number of cases.
Omissions are likely.
Omissions are mistakes.
Omissions are neglect.
Omissions are situations.
Omissions are some of the most common errors found in indexes.
Omissions are the fault of the maintainer .
Omissions are the fault of the maintainer.
Omissions are the most likely error.
Omissions are usually due to the speed at which the web is evolving.
Omissions are very probable.
Omissions can be deadly.
Omissions have a voice, too.
Omissions tend to be construed as negative.
Omissions Use an apostrophe to indicate omission in a contraction to to form particular plurals.
Omissions often result in processing delays and can jeopardize funding opportunities.
All omissions are unintentional.
All omissions count equally and have a zero weight.
Any omission is definitely unintentional.
Any omission is unintentional.
Any omissions are accidental.
Any omissions are both unintentional and completely unforgivable.
Any omissions are in error.
Any omissions are purely accidental.
Any omissions are purely unintentional.
Any omissions are the result of our unfortunate inability to obtain that information.
Any omissions are unintentional.
Any omissions are wholly unintentional.
Many omissions are costly and sometimes the agents have to foot the bills out of their commissions.
Some omissions are unavoidable.
Omitted arguments default to a value that matches everything.
Omitted data assume the default values.
Omitted designations are designations assigned and deleted before publication.
Omitted information can delay our assessment process.
Omitted questions receive no points.
Omitted scores indicate no response was given.
Omitted tag breaks tables.
Omitted text is described in italics.
Omitted values are unchanged.
OMLC teachers have two roles as educators and as advocates for their students.
Ommatidial fibers project posteriorly into the optic stalk.
Ommatidial formation is characterized by an accretive mode of growth.
Omni replacement cartridges too.
An omnibus is public transport
Omnibuses pass the house on arrival and departure of trains.
Omnidirectional aircraft antennas for aerial telemetry.
Omnidirectional design is great for use on a conference-room table.
Omnidirectional microphones are the simplest to design, build and understand.
Omnidirectional microphones cause feedback easily.
Omnidirectional microphones hear or pick up sound from all directions equally.
Omnidirectional microphones pick up sound from just about every direction equally.
Omnidirectional microphones receive sound equally well from all directions.
Omnidirectional models pick up sound from all directions around the table or altar.
Omnidirectional wheels move the robot smoothly in any direction and over cable covers on the floor.
Omnipotence is a state
Omnipotence is all-sufficient power.
Omnipotence is contradictory to itself.
Omnipotence is humbuggery.
Omnipotence is made manifest.
Omnipotence is perfect power, free from all mere potentiality.
Omnipotence is states.
Omnipotence means all power.
Omnipotence means unlimited power or authority.
Omnipotent professors lecturing the masses are irrelevant to education.
An omnipresence is presence
Omnipresence is more complicated than that, however.
Omnis tasks are actually groupings of components like forms, objects, and databases.
Omniscience is a state
Omniscience looks nice.
Omniscient detectives are usually symptomatic of lazy writers.
Omniscient narrator is that mode of writing where the story is told in the author's voice.
Omniscient narrators are pretty much on the outs in the current publishing world.
An omnivore is an animal
Omnivore isa eater.
Omnivores also eat animals that are herbivores.
Omnivores are animals that consume both plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plant and animal foods.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants and meat.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plants and other animals.
Omnivores are animals that eat food from plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals that eat plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals that eats both plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals that feed on both plants and animals.
Omnivores are animals.
Omnivores are at different feeding levels depending upon what they are eating.
Omnivores are both plant and meat eaters.
Omnivores are consumers which eat both producers and consumers.
Omnivores are eaters.
Omnivores are heterotrophs.
Omnivores are interesting because they are both herbivores and carnivores.
Omnivores are mammals that eat plants and meat.
Omnivores are organisms that eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores are organisms that eats both plants and animals.
Omnivores are organisms that feed on both animal tissue and plants.
Omnivores are part of both the second and third trophic levels.
Omnivores are similar to both carnivores and herbivores because they eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores are somewhere in between.
Omnivores are species of animals which eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores are successful in less ephemeral ponds.
Omnivores are the least choosy about what they eat.
Omnivores are the most adaptive of all the species and thrive in a larger range of environments.
Omnivores are the most flexible eaters of the animal kingdom.
Omnivores are the most flexible group, and are able to live in the widest range of habitats.
Omnivores are unique animals that eat both plant and animal matter.
Omnivores are usually generalists.
Omnivores are what keep the foodchain going.
Omnivores belong to both the second and third.
Omnivores can appear in different parts of a food chain.
Omnivores can be primary, secondary, and even tertiary consumers, depending on what they are eating.
Omnivores can better adapt to development than herbivores or carnivores.
Omnivores can eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores can get energy either by eating plants directly or by eating herbivores.
Omnivores can live in many places because they eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores can often adapt well to changes in their habitat by adjusting their diet.
Omnivores consume animals.
Omnivores consume both and animals.
Omnivores consume both plant and animal matter.
Omnivores consume fruit.
Omnivores consume herbivores.
Omnivores consume meat.
Omnivores consume prey.
Omnivores consume small animals.
Omnivores eat a variety of meat and vegetable matter.
Omnivores eat a variety of organisms.
Omnivores eat animals.
Omnivores eat anything.
Omnivores eat at all levels of the food chain.
Omnivores eat balance diets.
Omnivores eat both animals and plants.
Omnivores eat both herbivores and carnivores.
Omnivores eat both plant and animal foods .
Omnivores eat both plants and animals and have both kinds of teeth.
Omnivores eat both plants and animals for survival.
Omnivores eat both plants and animals.
Omnivores eat both the plants and the other animals.
Omnivores eat diets.
Omnivores eat fruit.
Omnivores eat grass.
Omnivores eat healthy balance diets.
Omnivores eat healthy diets.
Omnivores eat live animals.
Omnivores eat matter.
Omnivores eat meat.
Omnivores eat other animals and autotrophs.
Omnivores eat other animals.
Omnivores eat plants and animals, as well as fungi, bacteria and organisms from the other kingdoms.
Omnivores eat plants or animals.
Omnivores eat vegetable matter.
Omnivores feed directly upon both animals and plants.
Omnivores feed on both plants and animals.
Omnivores feed on both plants and other animals.
Omnivores feed on leaves.
Omnivores feed on plants.
Omnivores get energy and nutrients from eating a diet containing plants, animals, algae and fungi.
Omnivores get Flying Fish , which summons the Sea Monster to force fish onto shore.
Omnivores have (part) arms.
Omnivores have (part) body substances.
Omnivores have (part) cell membranes.
Omnivores have (part) cells.
Omnivores have (part) corpi.
Omnivores have (part) cytoplasm.
Omnivores have (part) heads.
Omnivores have (part) human bodies.
Omnivores have (part) legs.
Omnivores have (part) material bodies.
Omnivores have (part) necks.
Omnivores have (part) nuclei.
Omnivores have (part) personality.
Omnivores have (part) plasma membranes.
Omnivores have (part) sections.
Omnivores have (part) vacuoles.
Omnivores have a different digestive system that either carnivores or herbivores.
Omnivores have a mixed diet and detrivores feed on dead and decayed plant and animal material.
Omnivores have body length.
Omnivores have diets.
Omnivores have food.
Omnivores have length.
Omnivores have meat.
Omnivores have preference.
Omnivores have such a range and get their nutrients from so many different sources.
Omnivores have teeth that are crushing rather than shredding or slicing.
Omnivores have toes.
Omnivores have very distinctive teeth that help with the digestion of their varied diets.
Omnivores have very similar digestive systems to carnivores with the addition of a caecum.
Omnivores help keep in check both animal populations and vegetation growth.
Omnivores include fish.
Omnivores include mosquito fish.
Omnivores ingest a wide variety of prey, encompassing floral, faunal, and detrital material.
Omnivores obtain energy from both plants and animals.
Omnivores occupy an intermediate level in the food web.
Omnivores search for food.
Omnivores seem to do well being fed small amounts a couple of times a day.
Omnivores take food more or less equally from at least two trophic levels.
Omnivores thrive on food.
Omnivores thrive on many different food.
Omnivores usually consume recommended levels of the amino acid, methionine.
Many omnivores change their eating habits during their life cycle.
Most omnivores consume small animals.
Most omnivores eat animals.
Most omnivores eat balance diets.
Most omnivores eat diets.
Most omnivores eat fruit.
Most omnivores eat grass.
Most omnivores eat healthy balance diets.
Most omnivores eat healthy diets.
Most omnivores eat live animals.
Most omnivores eat matter.
Most omnivores eat meat.
Most omnivores eat other animals.
Most omnivores eat vegetable matter.
Most omnivores feed on leaves.
Most omnivores feed on plants.
Most omnivores have body length.
Most omnivores have diets.
Most omnivores have food.
Most omnivores have length.
Most omnivores have meat.
Most omnivores have preference.
Most omnivores have toes.
Most omnivores thrive on food.
Most omnivores thrive on many different food.
Some omnivores are scavenger s, creatures that eat the meat of dead animals.
Some omnivores eat arthropods.
Some omnivores eat dead arthropods.
Some omnivores eat figs.
Some omnivores eat food.
Some omnivores eat insects.
Some omnivores eat materials.
Some omnivores eat plant materials.
Some omnivores feed on carnivores.
Some omnivores feed on ferns.
Some omnivores feed on fruit.
Some omnivores feed on lesser carnivores.
Some omnivores have chances.
Some omnivores have claws.
Some omnivores have rats.
Some omnivores help farmers.
Some omnivores live in trees.
Some omnivores live in water.
Some omnivores make holes.
Omnivorous animals eat food.
Omnivorous animals eat fruit.
Omnivorous animals feed on both animals and plants.
Omnivorous animals survive on diets.
Most omnivorous animals eat food.
Most omnivorous animals eat fruit.
Most omnivorous animals survive on diets.
Omnivorous birds eat food.
Omnivorous birds eat prey.
Most omnivorous birds eat food.
Most omnivorous birds eat prey.
Omnivorous diet includes plants, insects, and mollusks.
Omnivorous diets base on food.
Omnivorous diets consist of fruit.
Omnivorous diets consist of meat.
Omnivorous diets contribute to health.
Omnivorous diets feature food.
Omnivorous diets include meat.
Omnivorous diets include plants.
Omnivorous diets provide necessary nutrients.
Omnivorous diets provide nutrients.
Most omnivorous diets consist of fruit.
Most omnivorous diets consist of meat.
Most omnivorous diets contribute to health.
Most omnivorous diets feature food.
Most omnivorous diets provide necessary nutrients.
Most omnivorous diets provide nutrients.
Some omnivorous diets consist of berries.
Some omnivorous diets consist of grain.
Some omnivorous diets consist of nuts.
Some omnivorous diets provide benefits.
Some omnivorous feeders eat fruit.
Some omnivorous feeders eat meat.
Omnivorous fish have diversity.
Most omnivorous fish have diversity.
Omnivorous insects are widespread in natural and agricultural systems.
Omnivorous lizards eat a wide range of food such as plant greens, small insects and animals.
Omnivorous mammals display premolars having a shape in between that of carnivores and herbivores.
Omnivorous primates eat plants.
Most omnivorous primates eat plants.
Omnivorous rodents have taste.
Omotic speakers live in the South.
Omotic speakers live predominantly in the south.
Omotic tongues are spoken in the southwest.
Most OMR forms contain variable data.
OMR technology is very useful for and efficient at gathering relatively simple, pre-determined data.
OMSI camps are science oriented with hands-on activities designed to be active, educational and fun.
OMSI staff are among the most well-trained and professional camp personnel in the country.
An onager is an engine
Onagers are animals much like donkeys.
Onagers are mammals.
Onagers are notoriously untamable.
Onagers are sandy brown, lighter underneath, and about the size of a small horse.
Onagers are short-legged compared to horses, and their coloring varies depending on the season.
Onagers are the most horse-like of wild asses.
Onagers are wild asses.
Onagers make inexpensive direct fire machines.
OnCable Internet is fast and easy to use.
An onchocerciasis is infestation
Onchocerciasis modulates the immune response to mycobacterial antigens.
An oncidium is an orchid
Oncidium is a sympodial, epiphytic orchids native from Mexico to Brazil.
Oncidiums are easy growing orchids that belong in any collection.
Oncidiums are easy to care for with moderate light and water.
Oncidiums are good bloomers with yellow flowers predominating.
Oncidiums are orchids.
Oncidiums are plants.
Oncidiums like to dry out between waterings.
Many oncidiums require less humidity than other orchids.
Most oncidiums have yellow and brown coloured flowers, with some white, and infrequently red.
Oncogene inactivation uses the same techniques employed for dominantly inherited monogenic diseases.
Oncogene products fall into at least five functional classes, all related to growth control.
Many oncogene products are constituents of the cortex.
Some oncogene proteins are enzymes that regulate basic cell functions.
An oncogene is a factor
Oncogene isa gene.
Oncogenes act in a dominant fashion.
Oncogenes affect the way cells use energy and multiply.
Oncogenes appear to have high flexibility for the regulation of endogenous plant hormonal levels.
Oncogenes are cancer-causing genes.
Oncogenes are displayed in green and tumor suppressors in red.
Oncogenes are genes encoding proteins that can induce such dysregulation.
Oncogenes are genes in viruses that cause cancer when they infect animal cells .
Oncogenes are genes that actively cause tumor growth.
Oncogenes are genes that promote cell growth and reproduction.
Oncogenes are genes that promote division.
Oncogenes are genes whose products cause transformation or tumorigenesis.
Oncogenes are genes with potential to cause cancer.
Oncogenes are genes.
Oncogenes are mutated forms of certain normal genes of the cell called proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are normal genes that somehow go awry and cause cancer.
Oncogenes are quaternary messengers .
Oncogenes are regulatory genes that are associated with cancer.
Oncogenes are slightly changed equivalents of normal cellular genes called proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are the mutant form of proto-oncogenes.
Oncogenes are, in analogy, genes that control the accelerator.
Oncogenes arise from mutations in essential genes that regulate the growth of cells.
Oncogenes carry out many functions in the cell, where they play a role in cell division.
Oncogenes cause cell mutations and tumor growth under a prescribed set of circumstances.
Oncogenes control cell growth, and are mutant versions of normal genes.
Oncogenes dictate the production of proteins that stimulate normal cell growth.
Oncogenes get their name from the Greek word 'onkos', which means lump or mass.
Oncogenes influence a cells structure and function.
Oncogenes originate from proto-oncogenes or genes involved in cell growth regulation.
Oncogenes play a role in the cell cycle.
Oncogenes produce an excess or superactive form of the protein.
Oncogenes produce malignant transformation by affecting normal cell growth and development.
Oncogenes promote excessive cell growth and tumor formation in the damaged form.
Oncogenes promote normal cell division.
Oncogenes turn a healthy cell into a cancerous cell.
Oncogenes usually function in the signal transduction pathway.
Some oncogenes inhibit apoptosis and extend cell life and others stimulated it.
Some oncogenes stimulate activation of cellular pathways leading to uncontrolled cell division.
Some oncogenic mutations disrupt apoptosis and cause tumor initiation, progression or metastasis.
Many oncogenic retroviruses are defective.
Many oncogenic substances are also mutagens.
Oncogenic viruses are viruses that are linked to cancer.
Oncological conditions are on the increase.
An oncologist is a specialist
Oncologists accept that such radiation can cause leukaemia.
Oncologists are doctors specially trained to treat cancer.
Oncologists are doctors.
Oncologists are likely to experience both acute and chronic work related distress.
Oncologists are physicians whose primary medical interest is cancer.
Oncologists are principal investigators on numerous studies including the relapsed ALL committee.
Oncologists are specialists in the diagnosis and treatment of all types of cancer.
Oncologists are specialists.
Oncologists can become board-certified by completing a residency and passing certifying exams.
Oncologists can view tumors reacting to different types of dye to better predict their growth.
Oncologists continue to debate the relative merits of various regimes of chemotherapy.
Oncologists deal with a very serious set of diseases with relatively high failure rates.
Oncologists know about cancer.
Oncologists recommend drug for women at risk.
Oncologists specialize in the treatment of cancer.
Oncologists specialize in treating cancer with chemotherapy and immunotherapy.
Oncologists specialize in working with malignant, or cancerous, tumors.
Oncologists take the same approach to fight cancer.
Oncologists treat patients with cancer.
Many oncologists disagree on the benefits of such a test.
Many oncologists now permit breast cancer patients to use the vaginal estrogen ring.
Many oncologists seem to show a great interest in the event, too.
Many oncologists work closely with other team members.
Most oncologists are familiar with clinical trials and medical treatments.
Most oncologists believe that cancer is a condition that develops over many years.
Some oncologists specialize in a particular type of cancer treatment.
Oncology nurses answer questions on cancer-related topics.
Oncology nurses are the face and voice of cancer treatment for most patients.
Oncology nurses can help patients and families plan for treatment.
Oncology nurses collaborate with physicians in the management of pain.
Oncology nurses evaluate usefulness for clinical practice.
Oncology nurses play a key role in monitoring patients for the effects of cancer treatment.
Oncology nurses register through their nurse manager.
Oncology surgeons are the ones that diagnose the most breast cancers.
An oncology is medicine
Oncologies are medicine.
Oncology includes four faculty members, two nurse clinicians and a research nurse.
Oncology is a weird specialty, requiring an odd mix of compassion and callousness.
Oncology is an evolving, changing, research-oriented discipline.
Oncology is an example.
Oncology is just one of many areas where medical images are playing and increasingly important role.
Oncology is littered with debris, left behind by false interpretations.
Oncology is one of the fastest growing subspecialty areas of the physician assistant profession.
Oncology is the branch of medicine that deals with the diagnosis and treatment of tumors.
Oncology is the fastest growing therapeutic area in the pharmaceutical industry.
Oncology is the study of cancer and tumors.
Oncology is the study of cancer as performed by oncologists .
Oncology is the study of cancer.
Oncology means the study of tumors.
Oncology Provides a broad range of cancer information and links to cancer resources.
Oncolytic viruses appear to be specific for cancer cells, although more testing is needed.
Oncolytic viruses are viruses that preferably infect cancer cells.
Oncoming drivers stare into the headlight as it pulsates.
Oncoming headlights are thus more likely to blind an intoxicated driver.
Oncoming headlights cause headaches, eye fatigue, vision impairment, and highway hypnosis.
Oncoming traffic can be very difficult to see.
Oncoming vehicles remain hidden until the last minute.
Oncotic aneurysm is a similar process caused by embolization of atrial myxoma tissue.
Oncotic edema is the most prominent consequence of hypoalbuminemia.
Oncourse classes are available online for two complete academic years.
Onderkloof wines are available at wine stores and on the farm itself.
One'.s life grows the most when it is in accord with the universal law of life.
O'Neal students participate actively in extra-curricular activities and events.
Oneiroid psychosis is characterized by an acute, confused dreamlike state.
An oneiromancy is a fortune telling
Oneiromancy is divination by dreams.
ONElist membership is free.
ONEList topics predominate.
OneMindConnect technology enables businesses to access expense information anywhere, anytime.
Oneness energy is here.
Oneness groups are decidedly Arminian in the doctrine of salvation.
Oneness women are often elegant.
Onerous obligations pepper the contract.
Onetime prayers are requests that are usually prayed for only once.
Ongoing access is maintained for a minimal annual fee.
Ongoing access is maintained for a minimum annual fee.
Ongoing action is necessary because the work of the decade sometimes fell solely on women.
Ongoing activities are for the most part carried out by committees.
Ongoing activities comprise the first phase of several planned estimates.
Ongoing activities program emphasizing individual interests .
Ongoing analysis is made of the former as trends in the differences vary over time.
Ongoing arrangements exist to maintain quality.
Ongoing assessment can help teachers to further adjust techniques.
Ongoing assessment facilitates school and district accountability.
Ongoing assessment includes both written and performance skill evaluation.
Ongoing assessment includes both written and performance-based skill evaluation.
Ongoing assessment includes both written and performance-based skill evaluations.
Ongoing assessment is a critical component of the field experience.
Ongoing assessment is a key to the program's effectiveness.
Ongoing assessment is an essential component of programs for change.
Ongoing assessment is conducted throughout the curriculum.
Ongoing assessment is important to determine if the direction of program change was positive.
Ongoing assessment is much more desirable than periodic evaluation.
Ongoing assessment is provided through open ended tasks.
Ongoing assessment is through regular practical work with the tutors and through written assesments.
Ongoing assessment provides the basis for transition to elementary school.
Ongoing assessment takes place by way of juries, written examinations, and recitals.
Ongoing assessment takes place while the student is actively working on unit activities.
Ongoing assessments document per legend.
Ongoing assistance is crucial to overcoming challenges .
Ongoing attacks show that no Internet-enabled business is safe.
Ongoing attention is given to environmental issues that effect the industry.
Ongoing care is coordinated with the involvement of the child's primary care physician.
Ongoing care is coordinated with the involvement of the child's primary physician.
Ongoing care is necessary in the prescribing and use of antidepressants.
Ongoing care is required to assess fetal and maternal well-being.
Most ongoing cases become anemic and often soon become predisposed to hypothyroid conditions.
Ongoing change is, however an essential element of organisational survival and success.
Ongoing change requires ongoing support.
Ongoing charges are payable annually in advance.
Ongoing chats allow users to interact with the players.
Most ongoing chemotherapy is arranged with the referring facility.
Ongoing class meets twice monthly.
Ongoing classes are available for both novice and advanced searchers.
Ongoing classes are basket making, needlework, quilting and knitting.
Ongoing classes have greater opportunity for well-rounded curricula.
Ongoing classes offer a variety of choices for pre-birth education and birth readiness.
Ongoing classes offer theory, pigment mixing and hands-on instruction on live models.
Ongoing clinics provide intensive on-snow training for staff.
Ongoing commitment is the most tangible expression of love.
Ongoing communication improves on-campus services.
Ongoing communication is critical.
Ongoing communication is equally important.
Ongoing communication is especially important for multijurisdictional projects.
Ongoing communication is essential to maintain the necessary levels of excitement and motivation.
Ongoing communication is essential.
Ongoing communication is very important.
Ongoing conference calls to coordinate product plans with Web pages.
Ongoing construction can make work sites noisy.
Ongoing construction includes dry-walling, painting and woodworking.
Ongoing consultation is maintained with community agencies.
Ongoing consultation is provided by a board-certified psychiatrist and licensed psychologist.
Ongoing consultation regarding the implementation of specific interventions is provided.
Ongoing consultations occur as needed.
Ongoing contacts encourage debtors to increase their payments.
Ongoing conversations are a means of knowledge construction within such communities. . . . .
Ongoing costs are always a problem and sometimes food is in short supply.
Ongoing costs are more substantial in view of tax consequences and audit requirements.
Ongoing costs involve work site inspection.
Ongoing counseling is available for clients.
Ongoing counseling is based on a sliding fee scale.
Ongoing counseling is provided to both parent and child.
Ongoing counseling is suggested for anger management, and family counseling.
Ongoing course reports relating to greenkeeping matters.
Ongoing creativity maximises both accidental and deliberate creative thinking.
Ongoing creativity takes time and practice to become skillful.
Ongoing data is collected to monitor the facility, safety, and infection control.
Ongoing debate suggests that chlorine in drinking water increases the incidence of cancer.
Ongoing development ensures that it remains the state of the art in energy modeling and analysis.
Ongoing development is required.
Ongoing development is the engine that drives our growth.
Ongoing developments encompass virtual spaces for on line projects.
Ongoing documentation is critical, including taking pictures of the areas in question.
Ongoing education allows staff to expand their knowledge base, and serve our clients better.
Ongoing education has to be available to employees.
Ongoing education is a big part of most veterinarians' careers.
Ongoing education is a lifelong responsibility of the global community's leaders.
Ongoing education is a major focus of front-line staff.
Ongoing education is a requirement for professional Fire Fighters and Paramedics.
Ongoing education is an essential ingredient to maintaining an effective credit union at all levels.
Ongoing education is an important part of the job.
Ongoing education is an intrinsic good.
Ongoing education is another important facet of dealing with change.
Ongoing education is encouraged among members, employees, and the public.
Ongoing education is every team member's responsibility.
Ongoing education is needed to change behavior.
Ongoing education is one of the surest routes to promotion and it increases job security.
Ongoing education is the cornerstone of a successful future.
Ongoing education is vital to being competent as a systems professional.
Ongoing effort includes regulatory interfacing and litigation support.
Ongoing effort is needed to ensure timely maintenance and replacement.
Ongoing efforts are more likely to produce a more comprehensive, valid, and useful body of research.
Ongoing efforts call for a further waste reduction.
Ongoing efforts continue to be necessary to build a statewide system of services.
Ongoing efforts hold the promise of greater savings and increased effectiveness.
Some ongoing efforts are within single disciplines.
Ongoing evaluation allows the project to assess progress, make needed adjustments and market itself.
Ongoing evaluation completes the planning cycle.
Ongoing evaluation is emphasized.
Ongoing evaluation is necessary to substantiate continuity of impact in subsequent years.
Ongoing evaluation permits revision of materials and procedures to assure their effectiveness.
Ongoing evaluation results in an unparalleled standard of compliance.
Ongoing evaluations help teachers monitor each child's progress.
Ongoing evaluations mean that adjustments can be made to the program based on actual experience.
Ongoing evaluations occur yearly.
Ongoing events appeal to visitors to the valley.
Ongoing events are meetings or gatherings that occur regularly.
Ongoing exhibits call for info.
Ongoing exhibits feature original manuscripts, rare first editions and other unique collections.
Ongoing experiments concentrate on the role of inhomogeneities and anisotropies in plasma stability.
Ongoing experiments seek to measure the frequency of whole chromosome loss using new model systems.
Ongoing exploration continues to add to both bases.
Ongoing exposure increases the risk.
Ongoing feedback is based on observations and conferences.
Ongoing feedback is essential for engaging writers at all levels.
Ongoing feedback is preferred over occasional formal reviews.
Ongoing feedback is provided during the mini-modules.
Ongoing feedback is provided during the workshops.
Ongoing feedback is sought via a forms window, reached via a link from the top level menu.
Ongoing fires close trails on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon.
Ongoing fisheries research in New England estuaries.
Ongoing funding is contingent upon reaching annual goals.
Ongoing funding is crucial to the survival of the project.
Ongoing funding is dependent upon approval in the upcoming legislative session.
Ongoing funding is provided for network administration and maintenance.
Ongoing goals are systems maintenance goals.
Ongoing grants allocate funds to a variety of established, continuing programs.
All ongoing groups meet weekly throughout the year.
Ongoing Help Learn about the importance of practicing and promoting company loyalty.
Ongoing hydration is also a good plan.
Ongoing improvement is crucial.
Ongoing improvement requires ongoing commitment and ongoing work.
Ongoing improvements focus on volatiles.
Ongoing inflammation can lead to a calcium deposit on the middle of the heel bone called a spur.
Ongoing inspection takes care of problems as they arise.
Ongoing inspections monitor compliance.
Ongoing intervention requires support from classroom assistants or peers.
Ongoing investment is required to maintain, improve and promote the service for library clientele.
Ongoing lectures occur in music ethnology, cultural development and the arts.
Ongoing liaison is maintained with referring doctors during the hospital stay.
Ongoing maintenance continues at other stations.
Ongoing maintenance includes control of non-native vegetation, especially reed canary grass.
Ongoing maintenance is a critical part of a well-functioning network infrastructure.
Ongoing maintenance is a specialty.
Ongoing maintenance is expensive and prohibitive.
Ongoing maintenance is limited to raking material back into place around high traffic areas.
Ongoing maintenance is low.
Ongoing maintenance is minimized as only one version of the physical application exists.
Ongoing maintenance is more expensive.
Ongoing maintenance is one of the most neglected aspects of Web page creation.
Ongoing maintenance is provided by a full-time engineer who is based in each area.
Ongoing maintenance is provided by state funds.
Ongoing maintenance is provided for additional cost savings.
Ongoing maintenance is the hard part.
Ongoing maintenance receives sensitive attention to authenticity.
Ongoing management can be the toughest part of a global Web strategy, experts say.
Ongoing management following initial intervention is provided in order to reach optimum outcome.
Ongoing management is a challenge once the deal is signed.
Ongoing management requires a radiation safety officer.
Ongoing marketing is important with any business.
Ongoing metaphors abound, like the use of cosmetics as identity.
Ongoing monitoring allows companies to identify problems with consumer products early.
Ongoing monitoring allows one to place intensive field process experiments in a temporal context.
Ongoing monitoring can prevent costly crises and unnecessary hospitalizations.
Ongoing monitoring helps guide the Superfund process.
Ongoing monitoring is needed.
Ongoing monitoring is provided where indicated.
Ongoing monitoring is the daily review of reports, supervision and self-assessment.
Ongoing monitoring occurs in the course of operations.
Ongoing monitoring provides the most valuable data for tracking fish populations.
Ongoing monitoring shows groundwater contamination levels below health based goals.
Ongoing negotiation is required to ensure that the students' skills remain acceptable at home.
Ongoing negotiations are underway to set up custody services with other exchanges in the region.
Ongoing observation is used to identify needs and provide appropriate and timely intervention.
Ongoing operation creates permanent jobs and local pride.
Ongoing operations produce technologies and expertise applicable to new projects.
Ongoing opportunities are available on an ongoing basis.
Ongoing opportunities exist for both experienced and entry-level professionals.
Ongoing opportunities exist for both experienced and entry-level technical professionals.
Ongoing opportunities exist in our White Rock, British Columbia, office for a variety of positions.
Ongoing oversight is crucial.
Ongoing Parents have access to school information through special phone lines.
Ongoing participants dislike having to explain their positions over and over.
Ongoing partnerships exist.
Ongoing peace is good for America, period.
Ongoing positions are for volunteers who can participate on a regular basis.
Ongoing premiums paid on a gifted life insurance policy also qualify for charitable deductions.
Ongoing privatization means increased opportunities for U.S. firms.
Ongoing programs call for information and special holiday shows and hours.
Ongoing programs call for information.
Ongoing programs depict the history and development of African American education in North Carolina.
Ongoing programs designed to produce a consistent lead flow over time, require consistent refueling.
Ongoing programs identify, promote and encourage the preservation of Victoria's historic properties.
Many ongoing programs provide opportunities for community service.
Ongoing programming involves youth and adults.
Ongoing projects are remigration and refugee children at school.
Ongoing projects can provide opportunities for graduate research positions or internships.
Ongoing projects enhance the meadows and assure the health of the herd.
Ongoing projects involve multiplex family studies of autism and schizophrenia.
Ongoing projects require annual submission of a status report.
Ongoing projects vary from a few days to many months.
Some ongoing projects are as follows.
Ongoing promotion is needed for viable internet commerce.
Ongoing promotion is very important to any site's success.
Ongoing prosperity seems to open up unlimited opportunities.
Ongoing publication is on the 'Net.
Ongoing racism can be extremely hurtful and very tiring to deal with.
Ongoing reassessment is critical.
Ongoing reform is based on the latter model.
Ongoing registration is accepted.
Ongoing relationships are more important than winners and losers.
Ongoing repentance is the continual process of sorrow for our sins by confession and repentance.
Ongoing research adresses the question of convergence for inexact centers.
Ongoing research advising in the dorm is available to all students.
Ongoing research challenges the relationship of educational institutions to social action.
Ongoing research continues to follow the family today.
Ongoing research examines the northern hardwood region and southern oak savannas.
Ongoing research examines trends in morbidity, mortality, and behavioral risk factors.
Ongoing research focuses on prison violence and police-suspect encounters.
Ongoing research focuses on turbulent flows near an air-water interface, a free surface.
Ongoing research has scientists trying to identify a gene causing migraines.
Ongoing research improves and adds to the already excellent products.
Ongoing research includes coal and mineral resources, both domestically and abroad.
Ongoing research includes cooperative manipulation using multiple robot manipulators.
Ongoing research includes investigation of gazelle ecophysiology and reproductive biology.
Ongoing research includes microbial studies, algal ecology, and land-water interchanges.
Ongoing research includes recent success with clinical trials of new immunosuppresive medications.
Ongoing research includes satellite measurements, theoretical studies and laboratory simulations.
Ongoing research includes time management studies.
Ongoing research investigates how biotechnology can drive development of new types of vaccines.
Ongoing research involves location of magnitude studies of local events.
Ongoing research involves similar valuation of lookbacks and barrier options fitting the smile.
Ongoing research involves the initial characterization of a quartz acousto-optic tunable filter.
Ongoing research involves the targeting of antiviral compounds to brain tissue.
Ongoing research is a commitment to improvement in patient care and safety.
Ongoing research is aimed at defining more precisely the gender difference in neuropil.
Ongoing research is aimed at elucidating how the ultimate target is established.
Ongoing research is an essential part of the project.
Ongoing research is conducted at laboratory, pilot scale and full-scale.
Ongoing research is crucial to higher education.
Ongoing research is done on separation of the various optically active compounds in the water.
Ongoing research is essential for the treatment of cancer.
Ongoing research is essential to understanding the nature of rape.
Ongoing research is focused on finding more effective treatments.
Ongoing research is focused on reinforced concrete shells.
Ongoing research is mandatory to the welfare of our careers.
Ongoing research is performed in all of the areas mentioned.
Ongoing research is very diversified and covers a wide range of sophistication.
Ongoing research projects Global optimal procedures for image segmentation and reconstruction.
Ongoing research shows benefits to the receiver and to the giver.
Ongoing research suggests that bulking up stool can help bulk up muscle.
Ongoing research suggests that they can.
Ongoing research utilizes a variety of organisms, ranging from bacteria to animal cells.
Ongoing resources are an important part of making change work.
Ongoing restoration opens a new window to the elegant past with each visit.
Ongoing revenue is generated by broadcast rights, and selling Martian real estate.
Ongoing review continues to date.
Ongoing revisions continue to improve the standard.
Ongoing series can have a frequency from weekly to semiannually.
Ongoing service is a vital part of our mission.
Ongoing service is available through subscription to a mailing list.
Ongoing service is only one part of it.
Ongoing sessions are also available.
Ongoing sessions cater for all standards and offer excellent value for money.
Ongoing skirmishes bet ween settlers and native peoples.
Ongoing stories are updated from the top, so the most recent news comes first.
Ongoing stresses are very difficult to deal with.
Ongoing studies continue to define the biochemical consequences of cytokine signaling.
Ongoing studies continue to evaluate any long-term impacts of the acid spill.
Ongoing studies examine the paper, cement, and steel industries.
Ongoing studies expect to establish the rate and quantity of replenishment.
Ongoing studies explore how ribonucleases can best be used to treat cancer.
Ongoing studies focus on the genesis and maintenance of larval patches in coastal waters.
Ongoing studies focus on the improvement of integration frequency of DAd.
Ongoing studies involve a range of molecular and neuroanatomical techniques.
Ongoing studies provide sites with feedback on treatment outcomes.
Ongoing studies show it to have bone-building properties.
Ongoing studies span the scope of gene-environment interactions to human cohorts.
Ongoing studies suggest that long-term use lead to permanent brain damage.
Ongoing submission is free with hosting service.
Ongoing subscriptions have no expiration date.
Ongoing supervision affords the volunteer support and direction.
Ongoing supervision is critical to preventing burnout.
Ongoing supervision is necessary to make a program effective.
Ongoing supervision is provided by our staff.
Ongoing support comes in a variety of forms like advanced theory training and flight training.
Ongoing support is also available to international students.
Ongoing support is also available.
Ongoing support is always available as standard.
Ongoing support is always available.
Ongoing support is available by phone and electronic means for the lifetime of the franchise.
Ongoing support is available through e-mail and telephone access.
Ongoing support is available to the person and the employer to assist that person maintain the job.
Ongoing support is available.
Ongoing support is critical in implementing any technology.
Ongoing support is critical to the individual and cooperation is key in fixing the problem.
Ongoing support is dependent upon proper maintenance of chapter guidelines.
Ongoing support is key to successful computing solutions.
Ongoing support is key.
Ongoing support is more important than classes and training.
Ongoing support is needed to complete the vision and to provide future needed services.
Ongoing support is offered through a national newsletter.
Ongoing support is offered through periodic telephone calls.
Ongoing support is offered to all breastfeeding mothers after discharge from the hospital.
Ongoing support is offered to people grieving a loss.
Ongoing support is provided by a site coordinator at each school.
Ongoing support is provided through our website, newsletter, telephone and coaching network.
Ongoing support is provided to continually develop and grow their tourism operations.
Ongoing support is provided to maintain and upgrade the facilities as required.
Ongoing support is provided to maintain the network.
Ongoing support is provided.
Ongoing support is readily available such as learning the physical layout of a new school.
Ongoing supports allow the individual to live independently in the community.
Ongoing surveillance continues.
Ongoing talks focus on U.S. loans of equipment to hunt down the rebels.
Ongoing tasks can include coordination of pro bono, development, and technology.
Ongoing testing is available upon request.
Ongoing testing is recommended for all ostrich products prior to volume testing.
Ongoing therapy is penicillin prophylaxis and vigilant treatment of infections.
Ongoing training adds to that experience.
Ongoing training continues through one on one field coaching and regional sales meetings.
Ongoing training ensures that technicians are completely familiar with all new technology.
Ongoing training happens at the grassroots level.
Ongoing training is a support that helps foster parents with the difficult task of fostering.
Ongoing training is an essential element of the campus safety professional.
Ongoing training is available.
Ongoing training is conducted in the community tailored to the needs of the local participants.
Ongoing training is considered our competitive advantage.
Ongoing training is constantly in the works.
Ongoing training is crucial to learn about differing cultural perspectives.
Ongoing training is done on an as-needed basis.
Ongoing training is key.
Ongoing training is maintained on a regular basis.
Ongoing training is necessary to introduce agents to new techniques, policies and technologies.
Ongoing training is necessary to mould the staff into an effective, professional organization.
Ongoing training is needed in both current products and new technologies.
Ongoing training is needed to help develop members of the team.
Ongoing training is needed.
Ongoing training is offered to help develop skills in communication and crisis intervention.
Ongoing training is provided as the employee progresses.
Ongoing training is provided for all shippers, receivers, and drivers as required by legislation.
Ongoing training is provided for all.
Ongoing training is provided in pharmacology, radiology, and office management.
Ongoing training is provided in weekly meetings.
Ongoing training is provided on a scheduled or informal basis.
Ongoing training is provided through videos, books, and on the Web.
Ongoing training is provided to the parts clerk and the lead mechanics.
Ongoing training is provided to the staff.
Ongoing training is provided.
Ongoing training is the only way to achieve that goal.
Ongoing training means our people are always up to date on the latest technologies.
Ongoing training needs analysis and the design of tailor made management training courses.
Ongoing training occurs at all levels.
Ongoing training occurs every week.
Ongoing training prepares staff members to integrate technology throughout the curriculum.
Ongoing treatment is a critical component.
Ongoing treatment is important.
Ongoing trivia quizzes for prizes.
Ongoing updates can slow down access to information.
Ongoing work aims at understanding the mechanism of action of anastellin.
Ongoing work attempts to quantify more accurately the cost of providing variety.
Ongoing work concentrates on the fine-tuning of the systematic link between morphology and range.
Ongoing work continues in the arrival hall along with a review of routes for handicapped travelers.
Ongoing work continues through phone, fax, and email.
Ongoing Work Ensure the smooth working of the new interconnect charge controls.
Ongoing work focuses on access improvements using graphical browsing and thesaurus integration.
Ongoing work focuses on breeding patterns in a mixed population within the contact zone.
Ongoing work focuses on responses to exudates produced by closely related species.
Ongoing work has an even stronger emphasis on the services.
Ongoing work includes fish studies on a quarterly basis in the Connecticut River.
Ongoing work includes further development of our prototype application.
Ongoing work includes melanoma, breast cancer, and brain tumor cell lines.
Ongoing work includes the development of an automatic code-generator generator.
Ongoing work includes the integration of the site into local educational curricula.
Ongoing work is aimed at understanding the limestone properties that control dissolution rate.
Ongoing work is also welcome.
Ongoing work is directed at trying to understand the basis of the variable mode of transmission.
Ongoing work is in two primary directions.
Ongoing work is onthe other main efficiency front, namely widely applicable variance reduction.
Ongoing work is very active.
Ongoing work provides more evidence each day.
Ongoing work suggests the worker is likely to be an employee.
Some ongoing work is always available.
Ongoing workshop meets year-round.
Onion creek supports a lush riparian woodland that is home to a variety of wildlife.
An onion dome is a dome
Onion dome tops steeple which also features a clock on all sides of the tower.
Onion domes are bulbous domes, the style of which developed in Turkey and the Middle East.
Onion grass growing in most yards have a small nut in the root that's edible.
Onion powder is very bad for cats, too.
Onion rings are also on the menu.
Onion rings are finger food.
Onion rings are food.
Onion rings are layered-bulb cross sections.
Onion Rings Look at the illustration to see the numbered areas of goalkeeping.
Onion sets are more susceptible than larger onions to the maggot.
Onion sets are small, dormant onion bulbs that are ready to be planted outdoors.
Onion sets are the most popular way to plant.
Onion sets planted in a clay soil that then receives an inch of rain are likely to be in trouble.
Onion skins make a rich brown dye.
Onion skins produce yellow, walnut hulls produce brown, and pokeberries provide a purple dye.
Onion thrips are a widespread pest.
Onion thrips are extremely polyphagous.
Onion thrips are thrips.
Onion thrips are tiny insects with unique fringed wings.
Onion thrips cause blotches on onion leaves, and can be controlled with insecticidal soap.
Onion thrips constitutes another major economic insect pest for cabbage.
Onion thrips continue to be present above threshold numbers in the muck area.
Onion thrips deposit their eggs in leaf tissue.
Onion thrips experience four instars.
Onion thrips have six to ten generations depending on temperature.
Onion thrips is also a serious threat.
Onion varieties are available when purchasing plants.
Some onion varieties are more tolerant of onion yellow dwarf than are others.
An onion is a bulbous plant
Onion also has antiviral properties.
Onion Apply raw onion to the sore.
Onion belongs to every good Bolognese salsa.
Onion Cut an onion and rub it on the sting to draw out the poison.
Onion germplasm interacts with sulfur fertility for plant sulfur utilization and bulb pungency.
Onion has many qualities in common with garlic.
Onion helps as a stimulant to improve the circulatory process and thus keeps heart attacks at bay.
Onion helps cuts, burns, and other injuries to heal faster when applied topically.
Onion is a close relative of garlic and contains many similar antiviral chemicals.
Onion is a lesser host and less damaged and celery is a good host but moderately damaged.
Onion is a multicellular organism.
Onion is a perennial herb that grows from a bulb.
Onion is also excellent for indigestion.
Onion is an excellent dressing for burns.
Onion is an inegral part of cooking all over the world.
Onion is an olfactory indicator.
Onion is another useful remedy for cholera.
Onion is excellent, except that it germinates too slowly.
Onion is good.
Onion is grown either as green or bunching types, or as bulbs.
Onion is loaded with a variety of nutrients and fatty acids that are essential for hair growth.
Onion is more used as a vegetable.
Onion is one of the most important aphrodisiac foods, second only to garlic.
Onion is one of the oldest cultivated herbs.
Onion is proved to be one of the common home remedy for treating various diseases including sprain.
Onion isa stem.
Onion plays a key role in the formulation of many food products.
Onion rings better than average.
Onion skins very tough, Coming winter very rough.
Onion treats seven ailments.
Onions adapt well to the home Garden and occupy little Garden space.
Onions also benefit from additional nitrogen.
Onions also contain a compound effective in boosting immune response.
Onions also contain a substance that interferes with the formation of blood clots.
Onions also cook up beautifully in the microwave.
Onions also have a limited life span in the romantic world.
Onions also play into most dishes.
Onions also possess the ability to kill a wide variety of germs.
Onions also require high fertility because they are heavy feeders.
Onions also yield very well in sandy loan soil.
Onions appreciate fertilizer and can take twice as much as most other vegetables.
Onions are a common addition to pickles and relishes.
Onions are a member of the Allium family and have long been used for medical purposes.
Onions are a more complicated class than other vegetables.
Onions are a snap on the grill.
Onions are a very good addition to the diet.
Onions are a very versatile vegetable which are rich in nutrients, starch, and essential elements.
Onions are acidic.
Onions are also a source of vitamin C, potassium, dietary fiber and folic acid.
Onions are also a vegetable crop that has shown steady increases in acreage in recent years.
Onions are also available in various processed forms.
Onions are also biannual, but producing bulbs or sets requires yet another year.
Onions are also effective in cholesterol control.
Onions are also modified leaves, but they store food for the plant.
Onions are also useful in dealing with pimples.
Onions are among some of man's most ancient cultivated crops.
Onions are among the first plants to turn green in the spring.
Onions are among the hardiest of all garden-vegetable plants.
Onions are among the world's oldest cultivated plants.
Onions are amongst the most common high-fibre foods, which include beans, cabbage and turnips.
Onions are an example of a bulb.
Onions are an odd bunch.
Onions are an option as well, shorter shelf life though.
Onions are as hardy as they come.
Onions are available all the year.
Onions are bulbs.
Onions are bulbs.
Onions are cheap and add a bit of zing to lots of cooking.
Onions are cool-season vegetables and grow successfully in Arkansas gardens.
Onions are daylength sensitive.
Onions are different in that way too.
Onions are difficult for archaeologists to track because their tissues leave little trace.
Onions are difficult to match with wine.
Onions are easy to grow, have a fairly short growing period and take up little space in the garden.
Onions are easy to grow.
Onions are easy too.
Onions are essential.
Onions are good.
Onions are great companions plants for carrots.
Onions are green.
Onions are heavy feeders.
Onions are high in sulfur content.
Onions are highly poisonous to cats.
Onions are in a different family from lettuce.
Onions are in fact bulbs.
Onions are indispensable in cooking and salads.
Onions are just one of many examples of monocot crop species.
Onions are located in dinner.
Onions are located in markets.
Onions are located in pantries.
Onions are located in pizzas.
Onions are located in refrigerators.
Onions are located in tables.
Onions are long-day plants in terms of bulb formation.
Onions are low in calories and a good source of vitamin C, calcium, potassium and fibre.
Onions are low in calories, high in vitamin C and rich in fiber.
Onions are low in nutrients but are valued for their flavour.
Onions are low in sodium and contain no fat.
Onions are low plants with sparse root systems so keep weeds under control.
Onions are mature when the top of the plant falls over.
Onions are nearly ripe when the tips of the leaves turn yellow.
Onions are newspapers.
Onions are of two general types.
Onions are often one of the best ingredients in stock.
Onions are optional.
Onions are part of onions.
Onions are part of the basic foundation for many international and regional cuisines.
Onions are plants.
Onions are probably natives of Southern Asia or the Mediterranean region.
Onions are ready when the main stem begins to get weak and fall.
Onions are resistant to rain and hard to spoil.
Onions are satire.
Onions are second only to apples in pesticide use per acre.
Onions are sensitive to the length of day light and are divided into short day and long day types.
Onions are shallow rooted.
Onions are shallow-rooted and compete poorly with weeds.
Onions are shallow-rooted.
Onions are sharp tasting vegetables.
Onions are slow-growing and have shallow roots, and weeds are just the opposite.
Onions are sometimes roasted whole .
Onions are sometimes roasted whole.
Onions are subject to injury from seedcorn maggot and other soil insects during fall production.
Onions are the richest source .
Onions are the standard seasoning base and also the world's greatest known antihistamine.
Onions are toxic to dogs.
Onions are toxic to the red blood cells of both dogs and cats.
Onions are vegetables.
Onions are very effective in bleeding piles.
Onions are very good for most humans.
Onions are very sensitive to day length.
Onions are very shallow rooted and moisture stress is very detrimental.
Onions are very susceptible to hail and wind damage.
Onions are widely grown throughout the world and the diversity of onion germplasm is quite large.
Onions are, after all, an essential ingredient in northern Indian food.
Onions belong to the family alliaceae and are often in great demand in Kenya.
Onions block certain enzymes that release cancer-causing agents.
Onions block certain enzymes, which release cancer-causing agents.
Onions can help to heal typhoid, flu, and scarlet fever.
Onions can produce odor in the stool.
Onions can tolerate some frost.
Onions cause diarrhea, and sometimes vomiting in birds.
Onions come in many types.
Onions come in the colors white, yellow or red.
Onions come in three basic varieties, red, white and yellow.
Onions compete poorly with weeds, so weeds can drastically reduce yield and quality.
Onions contain a fair amount of vitamin C with traces of other vitamins and minerals.
Onions contain a mild natural sedative called quercetin.
Onions contain an enzyme that break down the prostaglandin's that form in response to a sting.
Onions contain an ingredient called thiosulphate which is toxic to cats and dogs.
Onions contain necessary nutrients.
Onions contain nutrients.
Onions contain quercetin, an antioxidant scientists believe destroys free radicals.
Onions contain substances that destroy red blood cells.
Onions contain sulfur and have healing properties.
Onions contain sulpher, which is released when they are cut.
Onions contain the chemical n-propyl disulfide which denatures hemoglobin.
Onions contain vitamin A and C, phosphorus and potassium.
Onions contribute depth to salsas, pizza, pasta sauces, casseroles and stews.
Onions get their distinctive smell by soaking up sulfur from the soil.
Onions grow best in cool weather.
Onions grow best in fertile soil that drains well.
Onions grow well with mulching.
Onions grown from sets, transplants and seeds are susceptible to attack by the onion maggot.
Onions have (part) corpi.
Onions have (part) leaf nodes.
Onions have (part) sections.
Onions have a high iodine content.
Onions have a powerful, lasting smell and flavor.
Onions have been a Mediterranean staple from prehistory, although it's origins are purely Asian.
Onions have bulbs , which are edible , in most species .
Onions have bulbs, which are edible, in most species.
Onions have healing and relieving qualities.
Onions have properties.
Onions have quality.
Onions have shallow roots and compete poorly with weeds and grasses.
Onions have skin.
Onions have small light green tops.
Onions have the additional quality of repelling rabbits and deer.
Onions help repel carrot rust flies.
Onions hold their flavor through storage if they are poperly dried.
Onions keep aphids from harming lettuce, beets, tomatoes and cabbage.
Onions keep longest in unlighted storage at cool temperatures.
Onions Make a poultice of roasted onions and apply to the bruise.
Onions makes parts that turn unto bulbs and new plants.
Onions prefer a loose soil which is high in organic matter.
Onions prefer rich, moist and loose soil.
Onions provide nutrients.
Onions reduce the vomiting and diarrhea almost instantly and also increase the thirst of the person.
Onions reproduce asexually by budding.
Onions reproduce asexually by producing bulbs.
Onions reproduce by bulbs.
Onions require a fertile soil.
Onions require a high source of nitrogen.
Onions require full sun and grow best on raised beds.
Onions require higher fertility levels than most other vegetables.
Onions require light but frequent irrigation.
Onions require specific balance of daylight to darkness to perform properly.
Onions require very fertile soil.
Onions respond to both compost and commercial fertilizers.
Onions roasted in foil are especially good with roast duckling.
Onions saute until golden.
Onions seem to fend off most pests and diseases.
Onions seem to possess many medicinal properties.
Onions start bulb formation when the day length is of the proper duration.
Onions start bulb formation when the day length is right.
Onions stimulate the production of blood.
Onions tend to create heat in the body.
Onions tend to lose their flavor when simmered for extended periods.
Onions thrive under a wide variety of climatic and soil conditions.
Onions Use an all-purpose chef's knife to cut the onion in half lengthwise.
Onions vary in color, with white yellow, and red predominating.
Onions vary in size, shape, colour, and pungency.
Onions work great at absorbing mold and mildew smells.
Onions often recover from flooding, but with an increased incidence of internal soft rot.
All onions become sweeter with caramelization.
All onions belong to a plant group called alliums.
Every onion is moldy or discolored.
Most onions contain necessary nutrients.
Most onions contain nutrients.
Most onions grown in Oregon are long-day onions.
Most onions have properties.
Most onions have quality.
Most onions provide nutrients.
Some onions add natural sweetness.
Some onions add sweetness.
Some onions have more sulfur than others.
ONiT process is still high.
Most Onken cooks own more than one wok.
Online abstract is available.
Online abstracts are available.
Online abstracts have detailed indexing when added to database.
Online abuse is a serious threat for some women.
Online access allows students to study from home, from work or from the road.
Online access begins at time of purchase and expires in one year.
Online access brings ideas, instructional methods, resources, and materials into the classroom.
Online access can accelerate and selectively enhance the learning process.
Online access can be unreliable for presentations.
Online access includes PDF files of articles.
Online access is also available.
Online access is available around the clock to use the catalogues via modem from home.
Online access is available as follows.
Online access is available by appointment with a librarian.
Online access is available for most publications, usually by subscription.
Online access is available only for institutional subscribers.
Online access is available only from computers located in the Library.
Online access is available to most of the collection.
Online access is available via a number of service providers.
Online access is based on the domain name of the subscribing institute.
Online access is free for everyone.
Online access is free of charge, but restricted.
Online access is free to all subscribers to the print version.
Online access is free with membership.
Online access is just a click away.
Online access is necessary.
Online access is no longer free in conjunction with the print subscrition.
Online access is now available, click here for more details.
Online access is possible anywhere the user can plug it into a monitor, network or modem.
Online access is possible from all computers on the university network.
Online access is preferred over CD-ROM formats.
Online access is presently free of charge for everybody.
Online access is provided from all computers on the university network.
Online access is provided to hundreds of databases and other electronic resources.
Online access is required .
Online access is required.
Online access is restricted to Campus workstations only.
Online access is restricted to students enrolled in the course and is delivered free of charge.
Online access is restricted.
Online access is ubiquitous.
Online access plays a major role in Orange County's membership service strategy.
Online access provides information on internships, apprenticeships and summer jobs.
Online access requires a machine that is extremely expensive.
Online access requires a social security number a PIN number.
Online access requires a subscription.
Online access varies from title to title.
Online access varies in time coverage by category.
All online access is available with Athens authentication.
Online accident reports.
Online account is easy and can be done at any time within the Members Area.
Online account statements Discounts for higher data transfer.
Online acquisitions continue.
Online activism looks like entering a vibrant phase in India.
Online activists extrapolate from their practical experiences.
Online activities are almost ubiquitous.
Online activities can raise faculty skills in using technology.
Online activities can raise the accessibility of campus support services.
Online activities count for zilch.
Online activities encourage children to write stories about art and to create their own artwork.
Online activities require a computer and an Internet service provider.
Online activities show students how math is used in daily life.
Online activity is still a novelty for most people.
Online activity reports.
All online activity done by the agent, including searching, is billed to the agent.
Many online activities are valuable.
Online ads are even worse.
Online ads are less expensive than print or TV ads.
Online ads are more targeted, and results more easily tracked.
Online ads can get thousands of responses.
Online ads complete the site.
Online ads get lots of international attention.
Online ads have to invite interaction.
Online ads run for a minimum of one month from date of insertion.
Online ads stay with people longer too.
Online ads tout weekly specials and the grocer's new credit card.
Online addiction can be a very real and serious problem.
Online administration features customisation of colors and features.
Online administration features make it easy to manage data, add users and change passwords.
Online administration makes customizing the Web server very easy.
Online adverts are big, intrusive and make Web pages download slower.
Online advertisement represents a significant portion of Internet-related revenues.
Online advertisers can now deliver ads just like offline media.
Online advertisers have a similar ambition.
Online advertisers receive deep data, detailed reporting, and a high return on investment.
Online advertisers use many methods to try and get kids to buy their products.
Online advertising can be very confusing and hard to evaluate.
Online advertising can click Online advertising can deliver users at the lowest price around.
Online advertising costs only a fraction of the cost of printed advertising.
Online advertising creates the opportunity for immediate response from consumers.
Online advertising directed at kids can have even greater impact than TV, radio, or print ads.
Online advertising exists here but has still a lot of growing to do.
Online advertising has a leg up on traditional advertising in that it is more measurable.
Online advertising has many advantages.
Online advertising has the potential to change all that.
Online advertising has tremendous communications power.
Online advertising helps to support print.
Online advertising includes Internet, information kiosks, and sample diskettes.
Online advertising is a great non-dues revenue generator.
Online advertising is a new thing.
Online advertising is a victim of the big flush.
Online advertising is acceptable and encouraged.
Online advertising is an effective way to grow traffic more quickly.
Online advertising is an idea whose time is coming.
Online advertising is an important part of today's e-commerce in order to attract other businesses.
Online advertising is available in the form of banner ads.
Online advertising is by far the easiest form of media to track.
Online advertising is complicated.
Online advertising is done exclusively on the web or through e-mail.
Online advertising is done via banner ads, which appear on Web sites.
Online advertising is healthier than it's ever been.
Online advertising is just a little over six years old.
Online advertising is just as important as print advertising in today's world.
Online advertising is more effective.
Online advertising is more likely to be noticed than television advertising.
Online advertising is more than banners, buttons, clicks and hits.
Online advertising is most successful when branding and interactivity go hand in hand.
Online advertising is much more cost effective.
Online advertising is no longer just about click-through.
Online advertising is now available.
Online advertising is on the rise.
Online advertising is one of the best ways to target a specific group of customers.
Online advertising is only the first stage of a digital-marketing campaign.
Online advertising is puny, too.
Online advertising is the fastest growing commercial sector of the Internet.
Online advertising is tremendously effective.
Online advertising is unproven.
Online advertising is versatile and focused.
Online advertising provides significant brand communications power.
Online advertising works because it reaches the online audience in their medium.
Online advertising works, especially for brand building.
Most online advertising is in the form of banner placement.
Online advice is also available on their web site.
Online advice is plentiful.
Online advocacy can be extremely powerful when combined with offline efforts.
Online advocacy is now an essential component of any issue management strategy.
Online advocacy works because it is inexpensive, accessible by most, and immediate.
Online advocates say it's time.
Online affairs can be just as powerful and devastating as real life affairs.
Online affairs develop because of the dual attraction of attention and anonymity.
Online affairs differ from physical world affairs in some ways, but are similar in others.
Online agencies are among the cheapest of distribution channels for major airlines.
Many online agencies have guidebooks rate their listings, too.
Most online agreements evolve with the business model.
Online albums are perfect for that kind of viewing.
Online algorithms offer an explanation for how the numbers increment.
Online analysts are annoyed.
Online announcements consist of two files.
Online anonymity seems to be seductive to some people.
Online appendix includes some compiler links.
Online applicants are generally more proficient and adaptable to the needs of today's workplace.
Online applicants can now pay their application fee by credit card.
Online applicants create a password and can check their application status through the Internet.
Online applicants send their resumes to employers who load the resume to their database.
Online application becomes inaccessible.
Online application includes complete instructions and an e-mail option for forwarding references.
Online application is available.
Online application is encouraged.
Online application is for people living in Japan only .
Online application is possible.
Online application is transmitted through a secure connection.
Online applications are also accessible for several colleges.
Online applications are also available .
Online applications are also available through the site.
Online applications are also available.
Online applications are available for each category of student.
Online applications are available for eligible students.
Online applications are available for many of the courses.
Online applications are available for membership, loans, credit cards and certificate investments.
Online applications are available on each of the listings.
Online applications are available to request quotes for loans.
Online applications are available.
Online applications are definitely part of that.
Online applications are easier to use.
Online applications are easy to complete to join coops.
Online applications are easy using their mortgage guides and information centre.
Online applications are now available.
Online applications are preferred to facilitate a faster review process.
Online applications are preferred.
Online applications are simple to build and require no programming.
Online applications are temporarily down.
Online applications go through the system even faster.
Online applications have the advantage of getting into the system more quickly.
Online applications make the process easier than ever.
Online applications speed up the loan process.
All online applications are in .pdf format.
Online arbitration feels very different than court .
Online archives are available.
Online archives make it possible to look at information published months, even years ago.
Some online areas require subscription.
Online art is a growing business.
Online articles are all in abstract form.
Online articles are articles.
Online articles are available weeks before the printed journal is received by subscribers.
Online articles are great for short reading activities.
Online articles are identical with the printed version.
Online articles are online publications.
Online articles dealing with history are here.
Online articles dealing with pedagogy are here.
Online articles dealing with television are here.
All online articles are available to members at no charge.
Many online articles are compressed postscript files with the suffix .ps.
Online assessment is another innovative aspect of the programme.
Online assignments are to be completed by the due date for full credit.
Online assignments ensure participants effectively learn the subject matter at hand.
Online assistance is available from the trauma response team in a teaching hospital's e-d.
Online attacks present a harsher reality in the commercial world.
Online auction buyouts exclusively between dealers and manufacturers.
Online auctions allow cybershoppers to bid on everything from collectibles to treadmills.
Online auctions allow more people to see and bid on unclaimed property.
Online auctions are a booming business.
Online auctions are a cross between flea markets, yard sales and estate auctions.
Online auctions are a great way of finding fantastic bargains on the widest range of products.
Online auctions are a large part of e-business on the Internet.
Online auctions are a start, but it really is hit and miss.
Online auctions are about price.
Online auctions are all the rage.
Online auctions are another popular way to find bargains.
Online auctions are another way to find or sell used cars over the Internet.
Online auctions are auctions.
Online auctions are available for some regions.
Online auctions are convenient and affordable for both the buyer and the seller.
Online auctions are dangerous places.
Online auctions are different.
Online auctions are easy to use.
Online auctions are fun , too.
Online auctions are fun.
Online auctions are here to stay.
Online auctions are huge.
Online auctions are like having a yard sale on the internet.
Online auctions are more like country livestock sale-fests.
Online auctions are on the rise.
Online auctions are pretty great.
Online auctions are prime places for fraud, the report says.
Online auctions are similar to regular auctions.
Online auctions are simply the easiest way to complete a business transaction on the Internet.
Online auctions are the leading source of Internet fraud.
Online auctions are the main drivers for digital cash services so far.
Online auctions are the rage.
Online auctions are the source of two-thirds of the complaints.
Online auctions are the world's biggest flea markets.
Online auctions are typically active for a week.
Online auctions bring substantial benefits besides increased sales to the small-business table.
Online auctions bring thrill of the chase to Internet retailing.
Online auctions bring together a wide variety of buyers.
Online auctions Buy or sell anything at all.
Online auctions buy or sell trading cards.
Online auctions can also provide profile-building opportunities that span many websites and media.
Online auctions can be a bargain-hunter's paradise.
Online auctions can be a magical way of disposing of unwanted material for any company.
Online auctions can be a prime medium to acquiring sought after items at a reasonable price.
Online auctions can be both a source of fun and bargains.
Online auctions can be risky.
Online auctions can offer great benefits to both buyers and sellers.
Online auctions can run for weeks.
Online auctions create excellent advertising opportunities.
Online auctions featuring multiple categories, with no fees to register or sell items.
Online auctions have their limits.
Online auctions have their role, but so do extranets and private networks.
Online auctions have thousands of items up for sale at any given time.
Online auctions have to create hypertext messages that somehow compensate for the missing orality.
Online auctions involve a great deal of trust.
Online auctions involve many different types of fees and costs.
Online auctions make money from small service fees and transaction fees based on purchase prices.
Online auctions offer the perfect medium.
Online auctions represent a growing segment of e-commerce.
Online auctions serve the secondary market.
Online auctions take the intimidation out of attending a live auction.
Online auctions tend to be extremely expensive, however.
Online auctions work because each side has a vested interest in the proceedings.
Online auctions work through a bidding process where sellers post items online.
Online auctions worsen the winner's curse by increasing the number of bidders.
Many online auctions have ways to discipline errant participants.
Many online auctions offer feedback for their users.
Many online auctions use variable pricing to their advantage and that of their customers.
Most online auctions play by the same set of rules.
Some online auctions have one-hour limits on bidding.
Online audiences are generally impatient.
Online audiences are loyal to effective, engaging programs.
Online audiences are more accepting of unconventional writing styles.
Online audiences love sites that are good guides and filters.
Online audio feeds covering entertainment, music, sports, and live events.
Online audio is a booming business, and other encoding options are starting to crop up.
Online audio is available for our most recent stories.
Online audits are unique in that they truly promote direct democracy.
Online authors are no exception.
Online availability is normally simultaneous with their availability in print.
Online availability is planned.
Online backup enables users of the warehouse to continue working while a backup is performed.
Online backup is still a work in progress.
Online backups make a certain amount of sense.
Online bank bites the dust, so it's back to the branch for beleaguered customers.
Online banks follow customers into stocks and bonds.
Online banks make it cheaper for people to access their money electronically, too.
Online banks make it much cheaper for customers to get at their money electronically too.
Online banks offer great services to consumers.
Online banks seem to offer the best of all possible worlds.
Online banks take security especially seriously.
Online banking ask dr.
Online banking can be tricky.
Online banking can handle both deposits and disbursements electronically.
Online banking epitomizes the acceptance of the Internet in Korea.
Online banking faces too many hurdles.
Online banking gives business owners an incredible level of cash management control.
Online banking has the potential to revolutionize the banking industry.
Online banking has yet to live up to expectations.
Online banking is a constantly changing industry.
Online banking is a time-saving convenience.
Online banking is a typical application.
Online banking is affordable.
Online banking is also a way for banks to build their brand and retain customers.
Online banking is also available in Arabic and English for clients' added convenience.
Online banking is also more than a U.S. phenomenon.
Online banking is available.
Online banking is cheap, which means customer's benefit from very low fees, or none at all.
Online banking is designed for the latest web browsers.
Online banking is easier to use, portable and often cheaper.
Online banking is easy to sign up for and use.
Online banking is free to all credit union members.
Online banking is free to all of our members.
Online banking is great.
Online banking is here and rapidly growing in popularity.
Online banking is in the works.
Online banking is most efficient with automation of as many processes as possible.
Online banking is most popular.
Online banking is no exception.
Online banking is no longer the way of the future.
Online banking is on the rise, represented by a dramatic increase in consumer participation.
Online banking is only as good as the bank behind it.
Online banking is so small as to be insignificant today.
Online banking is still a very marginal activity in Saudi Arabia.
Online banking is the simple way to manage finances.
Online banking makes sense for most individuals, but it also makes sense for many small businesses.
Online banking offers the same services through a person's home computer.
Online banking saves cost for financial institutions and that is a good thing.
Online banking takes the best technology has to offer and gives it widespread appeal and usefulness.
Online bankings are bankings.
Online barter creates almost limitless possibilities for small businesses.
Online beginners guide.
Online behaviour is difficult to predict.
Online bidders can also participate in telephone bids after the online bidding is closed.
Online bidding can be habit forming.
Online bidding is a relatively simple process.
Online bill paying is in the works.
Many online bingo friendships happen.
Online blackjack is a great way to get started in online gambling.
Online blueprints are available of the first floor , second floor , and third floor .
Online bonds purchase.
Online book provides examples of a few simple activities that can be done with children.
Online books are the best, most recent.
Online books including how to improve test scores in math and writing are available.
Online books offer a number of unique advantages.
Online books provide further help, and can be accessed through the Independent Series Folder.
Online books provide the opportunity to research literature quickly and effectively.
Online Books Read the best computer books available online for free.
Online Books Welcome To Teachers.
Online booking is also available.
Online booking is available on the official website .
Online booking is available.
Online booking is confirmed by e-mail, but payment made by faxed credit card details.
Online booking is due to be added.
Online booking is possible.
Online booking is straightforward.
Online booking is the latest Web initiatives taken by the company.
Online booking offers discounts.
Online bookings are available and payment options are secure.
Online bookings are available.
Online bookings are hands free, since availability are kept up to date on the system by the hotels.
Online bookings are possible.
Online bookings provide convenience for travelers.
Online booklet given to passport applicants- has lots of useful travel info.
Online bookseller snags bot and calendaring technology as it continues to set the pace in ecommerce.
Online booksellers are only a little better.
Online booksellers can appear rather faceless to a customer browsing the databases.
Online booksellers carry reading material in palm e-text format.
Online booksellers do accept on-line orders and generally ship very fast.
Online booksellers face their own challenges in offering bargain books to their customers.
Online booksellers make it easy to find if titles are currently for sale.
Online bookshop is excellent.
Online bookstore has many titles to choose from.
Online bookstore locates, describes, and sells books.
Online bookstore offers curriculum and support items for families.
Online bookstores are more reader-friendly than traditional bookstores in China have been.
Online bookstores have a number of instructional books.
Many online bookstores have submission guidelines listed on their Web sites.
Many online bookstores sell the title.
Most online bookstores have browsable catalogues.
Online brand is well positioned to be a leader in the China market.
Online brochure is now available.
All online brochures are actual pictures of the brochures available by snail-mail.
Online broker lays off, again.
Online broker suffers three outages.
Online brokers are bad too.
Online brokers are brokerage firms.
Online brokers are cheaper.
Online brokers are similar to deep discount brokers but are Internet based.
Online brokers are subject to the same regulations and capital requirements as other brokers.
Online brokers emphasize their bargain fees in advertisements.
Online brokers shine.
All online brokers are execution-only.
All online brokers have strict password controls in place to prevent unauhorized access.
Many online brokers are at present in the process of upgrading their computerised trading systems.
Many online brokers offer an assortment of no-load funds with no transaction fees.
Many online brokers offer quotes for account holders, as well.
Most online brokers experience periodic troubles.
Most online brokers receive a rebate for order flow sent to a respective market maker.
Online brokerages are in the midst of the biggest battle of their young lives.
Online brokerages offer agents the dependability of a salary, and often stock options.
Many online brokerages continue to suffer major service outages, downtimes and glitches.
Online browsers can become active participants in psychological research.
Online bug reporting and feature request forms are also now available.
Online business directories covering South Pacific countries.
Online business generates more than a third of the company's income.
Online business is highly service-oriented.
Online business is literally the rebirth of the Industrial Revolution.
Online business is much popular and profitable.
Online business is risky enough.
Online business requires a new type of security.
Online businesses are different.
Online businesses are whole different animals.
Online businesses can also use the Authorize.
Online businesses can gain unexpected revenues from distant countries.
Online businesses can get supplies on line and converse with customers electronically to save money.
Online businesses can send information about their products, offers and services.
Online businesses fear penalties, back taxes and even criminal sanctions.
Online businesses have good reason to fear the power of portals.
Online businesses have reason to worry about customer care.
Online businesses have specific trust issues.
Every online business needs a follow-up system.
Every online business needs a place to host their web site.
Every online business needs to automate as much as possible.
Many online businesses claim they've revolutionized their relationships with customers.
Many online businesses expect to expand internationally by targeting countries.
Most online businesses are unprofitable.
Most online businesses handle incoming forms and card payments manually.
Most online businesses spend significant resources to drive traffic to their sites.
Most online businesses store customer data in one form or another on a server.
Some online businesses don t qualify to become a participating business.
Some online businesses outsource everything.
Online buyers are instant gratification junkies.
Online buyers can also take virtual tours of medical facilities.
Online buyers can search for a particular service or scroll through the numerous listings.
Online buyers demand rapid responses and therefore the supply chain has to be fluid.
Online buyers expect freebies, lack loyalty, and purchase on price, says an e-commerce pro.
Online buyers give the nod to multichannel retailers on customer service.
Online buyers sort themselves into specific interest groups.
Online calculations can be useful for various applications.
Many online calculators require a java-capable browser.
Online cameras are definitely nothing new.
Online capability is available at the beginning of the process.
Online Car Buying Buying a car over the Internet seems to be the wave of the future.
Online car hire reservations for the island of Barbados with free airport pick-up or hotel delivery.
Most online cards contain animation, pictures, music, and of course, poems or pithy sayings.
Online casino gambling for real or just come try it for fun.
Online casino is dedicated to making our games exciting, fun, and safe at the same time.
Online casino offer stress free gambling, privacy, and security.
Online casino offers the highest-quality gaming available.
Online casinos are exactly what the name implies.
Online casinos are fairer than many people realize.
Online casinos are hot and first live is leading the pack.
Online casinos are hot and the online gambling is awesome.
Online casinos are websites.
Online casinos can go either way, or half and half.
Online casinos come in two main varieties.
Online casinos give away free money for everyone to play.
Online casinos have nude women and win real money betting and wagering online.
Online casinos launch online gambling and online blackjack excitement.
Online casinos offer just about every game currently offered at traditional land-based casinos.
Online casinos offer the perfect place to play for new players and experienced ones alike.
Online casinos offer virtual gambling over the Internet.
Online casinos tend to skew the games in favor of the house, just as regular casinos do.
Online casinos work the same way.
All online casinos use software to operate their sites.
Every online casino needs marketing.
Many online casinos have java games, and some use shockwave as well.
Most online casinos offer odds similar to or better than Vegas and Atlantic City.
Most online casinos offer the same games and the same software.
Most online casinos outsource the banking end of the operation to large financial institutions.
Most online casinos try to give the impression that they are very large and prosperous.
Online catalog appears quite comprehensive and equivalent to print catalog.
Online catalog contains a wealth of technical information.
Online catalog contains product pictures, descriptions, specifications and online ordering features.
Online catalog features cloth dolls, doll patterns, cloth angel ornaments, and teddy bears.
Online catalog features fine art, foods, collectibles, jewelry, books, and craftwork.
Online catalog features handmade gothic clothing for men and women.
Online catalog features hundreds of professional products for the medical office and the home.
Online catalog features photographs of exotic kites from all over the world.
Online catalog features product photos but no pricing information.
Online catalog features rock, classical, country, christian, and rap music cds.
Online catalog features specific items such as hand bags, earrings, necklaces and compacts.
Online catalog ffrom a hobby shop offering supplies and models.
Online catalog has a number of the items available for order .
Online catalog has entries transliterated into Roman characters.
Online catalog has fetish clothing for men and women.
Online catalog has skin care, first aid, vitamins, cosmetics and many other categories.
Online catalog includes audio files, pictures, and links to the bands' web sites.
Online catalog includes details of available items.
Online catalog includes flex-tex clothing , gaiters, footwear, mitts, gloves and head wear.
Online catalog includes prices.
Online catalog includes product photos, prices and ordering.
Online catalog includes snowboards , boots and bindings .
Online catalog includes tips, ideas, specials.
Online catalog is available.
Online catalog is full of leather fetish wear.
Online catalog is our only catalog.
Online catalog offers affordable water monitoring kits and equipment.
Online catalog offers hand-printed and mounted photographs in a variety of themes.
Online catalog offers several arrangements.
Online catalog offers the latest in computer books at discounted prices.
Online catalog provides access to hundreds of cartoons.
Online catalog provides information and products for back and body care.
Online catalog represents samples of options.
Online catalog requires cookies.
Online catalog requires password.
Online catalog shows a sampling of reproduction furniture.
Online catalog shows what is available.
Online catalogs are available for both.
Online catalogs are available.
Online catalogs are often vast and have relatively complex layouts.
Online catalogs are the simplest, least expensive way to get into e-commerce.
Online catalogs are Web pages that display items for sale by an online merchant.
Online catalogs bring two-way communication.
Online catalogs can be custom-crafted to appeal to a variety of demographics and lifestyles.
Online catalogs have subject headings for every item included in their system.
Online Catalogs Sell on line.
Online catalogs show the book and journal holdings of participating libraries.
Many online catalogs require a username or login.
Most online catalogs have small volumes versus the effort involved.
Some online catalogs offer access to topical databases.
Some online catalogs offer more than just bibliographic records.
Online catalogue allows searching by part number, product type, application and cross reference.
Online catalogue has pictures, descriptions, and zone information.
Online catalogue is available.
Online catalogue is updated every week.
Online catalogue is zpmon.cat .
Online catalogues are available and ordering via e-mail is possible.
Online catalogues are demonstrably superior to card and microform catalogues.
Online catalogues are links to various libraries in the Netherlands and abroad.
Online catalogues provide details about each item in stock while explaining it's function.
Many online catalogues offer access to a wide range of items.
Online CDs are available to retail customers only.
Some online censuses are just indexes to the census.
Online certification saves organization's time and money.
Online channels organize the best content on the Web into logical categories.
Online charges can exceed the initial cost of the financial software.
Online chats are dialogue.
Online chats are social events.
Online chats are synchronous conversations where all participants are online at the same time.
Online chats can occur at any time during the meeting.
Online chats have limits.
Online Chats Learn about upcoming chats and review past transcripts.
Online chats offer lively electronic conversations with small business experts.
Online chatter is a goldmine.
Online checks are much more secure than online credit card transactions.
Online checks are now common place.
Online checks ensure the digital certificate is valid and current.
Online chinchilla supplies for healthy, happy chinchillas.
Many online citizens are strongly opposed to data collection practices commonly found on the Web.
Online Classes are also available in a number of majors.
Online classes are an option, but a bit dull.
Online classes are available for motivated students with computer access.
Online classes are available the first day of classes.
Online classes are available, including a certificate program in crisis management.
Online classes are courses which are provided via the internet and can be accessed with a computer.
Online classes are different from traditional classes.
Online classes are dynamic and interactive.
Online classes are intimate, transformative and inspiring.
Online classes are on the rise to meet the complex needs of our hectic lives.
Online classes are open to anyone who is able to grasp the material.
Online classes are regular semester length, semester entailed courses.
Online classes are regular, transferable college credit courses but have a different delivery mode.
Online classes are similar to a telecourse.
Online classes are transferable.
Online classes are usually just as time consuming and even more interactive.
Online classes are, well, online.
Online classes begin and finish according to the regular semester.
Online classes can vary in their delivery, but most follow a basic pattern.
Online classes command a premium over paper-based learning.
Online classes continue.
Online classes cost the same as on campus classes.
Online classes cost the same as on-campus courses.
Online classes follow a regular semester schedule, just like traditional classes.
Online classes give students a flexible, self-paced alternative to traditional classes.
Online classes give students greater freedom in when and where they study.
Online classes have chatlines, conference calls, and e-mail for discussion.
Online classes have mandatory discussions, and tests.
Online classes have orientation procedures for good tips and how to get started.
Online classes have the same content and the same educational rigor as their on-site counterparts.
Online classes have the same course objectives as their on-campus counterparts.
Online classes help students who want to take two classes that meet at the same time.
Online classes last nine weeks.
Online classes offer a high degree of flexibility.
Online classes operate entirely over the Internet.
Online classes operate very similarly to correspondence courses.
Online classes pose unique communication and course management problems for faculty.
Online classes provide flexibility for students with busy schedules.
Online classes reduce real estate costs and can prompt higher profit margins.
Online classes require a high level of effort and perseverance toward goal attainment.
Online classes require at least as much time as on-campus courses.
Online classes require discipline and maturity on the part of the students.
Online classes require weekly online class interaction and occasional on-campus meetings.
Online classes run quarterly on a flexible schedule.
Online classes tend to generate a large number of e-mails and web announcements.
Online classes treat the student as an adult who has responsibility and commitment to learning.
Online classes use computer networks for communication and information exchange.
All online class meet the same competencies that the on-campus class meet.
All online classes follow the same schedule as regular on-campus classes.
Many online classes use the discussion board for communication and assignment discussion.
Most online classes use a threaded discussion forum or bulletin board for class discussions.
Some online classes require or recommend software packages.
Online classifieds account for only a sliver of the overall classified market now.
Online classifieds have a lot to offer.
Online classifieds reach less than one-tenth the potential market that print classifieds reach.
Online clients begin by registering here on our website.
Online clients receive all software updates and training related to new releases.
Online clients receive weekly updates.
Online clinic Sign up to work with our office online .
Most online clubs have introductory packages, and many online clubs are free.
Online codes are often a year or more out of date.
Online cohorts begin every four to six weeks.
Online cohorts start two times per year, in the fall and the spring.
Online collaboration helps businesses work faster and more efficiently.
Online collaboration is emphasized in conducting the project research.
Online collaboration is varied and includes many available mediums.
Online collaboration occurs in several ways.
Online college is about access and formats and schedules that meet the needs of students.
Online colleges can be the winning solution.
Online colleges can serve more students at a lower cost than traditional colleges can.
Online colleges lack libraries and other resources.
Online comics are now a big deal, and their popularity continues to grow at an explosive rate.
Online comics come under assault from the art form's old guard.
Online comics cost money.
Online comics seem to rely heavily on it to reduce production time.
Online comments make a significant contribution to the discussion.
Online commerce can make it easy for someone to purchase an item.
Online commerce continues to change the way that business is conducted.
Online commerce enables merchants to form interactive personal relationships with customers.
Online commerce has to be about technology plus people.
Online commerce is a good candidate for such automation.
Online commerce is a new experience for many and it is vital to gain the trust of the consumer.
Online commerce is another large draw to the Internet.
Online commerce is currently free from taxation.
Online commerce is here and ready to be harnessed.
Online commerce is in some ways unique.
Online commerce is no different.
Online commerce is relatively safe and becoming safer by the day.
Online commerce is something that makes a lot of companies see dollar signs.
Online commerce needs to dramatically improve customer service and increase retention.
Online commerce seems to be the trend right now so check out some shopping related websites.
Online communication allows the teacher and student to communicate in a timely manner.
Online communication consists of e-mail, and perhaps include a listserv.
Online communication consists of e-mail, chat rooms, discussion boards, and listservs.
Online communication courses.
Online communication does help in certain kinds of information exchange.
Online communication has a profound effect on learning.
Online communication is also common to all Tutorial courses.
Online communication is another risk.
Online communication is available, and there are much greater depth features and applications.
Online communication is considered a virtual community.
Online communication is different from most other forms of interchange in significant ways.
Online communication is economically advantageous to the church.
Online communication is enticingly similar to things that have existed for a century.
Online communication is in the form of email, and delivery is based on the permission granted.
Online communication is largely text based, and that led to some misunderstandings.
Online communication is no different.
Online communication is only one weapon in the arsenal of the white supremacist movement.
Online communication is required.
Online communication opens up whole new avenues for more intuitive indexing.
Online communication provides forums for both 'public' and 'private' communication.
Online communication provides new technological prerequisites for globalisation.
Online communication requires more than just attractive design or clearly written content.
Online communication tends to be extremely informal in nature.
Online communications are fluid, continuously evolving.
Online communications are interactive.
Online communications are particularly susceptible to unauthorized scrutiny.
Online communications become more transactionally focused.
Online communications grow daily.
Online communications plays a vital role in preparing children for their adult lives.
Online communities are a great idea in principle.
Online communities are a two-way street.
Online communities are any group of people who communicate with each other via computers.
Online communities are easy to become a part of and equally easy to discontinue.
Online communities are interactions between people.
Online communities are Internet refuges where people feel welcomed and comfortable.
Online communities are just such a natural environment for people to gather around.
Online communities are one of the Web's killer apps.
Online communities are the core of social spaces of the future.
Online communities are, in the end, an experiment in human interaction.
Online communities bring members closer together.
Online communities can also spread via online surveys, contests, parties and meetings.
Online communities can be extremely diverse.
Online communities can be virtually wonderful .
Online communities can have a long history and be closely knit.
Online communities develop a sort of local dialect.
Online communities develop iii.
Online communities do exist, since many people no longer know their neighbors.
Online communities falter when they are poorly defined.
Online communities form and orbit around common interests, philosophies, ideas, and goals.
Online communities form around shared interests and experiences.
Online Communities Gain exposure by linking up with online communities.
Online communities give the chance for people to experiment outside of boundaries.
Online communities have powerful marketing potential.
Online communities have the power to bring people together in profound ways.
Online communities help Web businesses attract, retain and sell to customers.
Online communities make great environments for personal enrichment.
Online communities offer sites of maximum interactivity and social creativeness.
Online communities provide ample spaces to explore identity, be happy or sad, get mad, act out.
Online communities wither and die without attention from project champions.
Online community bans together in support.
Online community includes vegetarian resources vegetarians, where to eat and humor articles.
Online community is a non-profit activity.
Online community is a two-way street.
Online community is an increasingly visible component of many media sites.
Online community reaches deeper than broadcast media.
Every online community has four distinct stages.
Every online community is powered by some basic tools for learning and keeping in touch.
Online companies are eager to help track down pedophile and pornographer using their services.
Online companies are less wedded to their original plans.
Online companies depend heavily on tracking consumer information freely through cyberspace.
Online companies do usually charge their customers for shipping.
Online companies have good reason to get serious about privacy policies.
Online companies have to work within the local culture.
Online companies try to limit spam because it annoys users and clogs the network.
All online companies are also online consumers.
Many online companies offer free e-mail accounts.
Many online companies post privacy policies on their sites.
Many online companies spend all of their time trying to attract visitors to their websites.
Most online companies insist that they can regulate themselves.
Most online companies insist they can regulate themselves.
Most online companies spend the bulk of their Internet advertising budgets on banner ads.
Some online companies offer a one-month free trial period to new users.
Online competition is another matter.
Online competitions ensure plenty of hits.
Online concierges are available at the tap, tap of a keyboard or the click of a mouse.
Online conferences are also cheaper for the attendee.
Online conferences help to complement that.
Online confirmation is available.
Online confirmation is excellent.
Online connection is needed only to submit highscores.
Online connections take words from one heart to the next.
Online consultation is also available.
Online consultation is welcomed.
Online consultations are also available.
Online consumers are a growing group.
Online Consumers are especially fickle.
Online consumers are more highly educated than the population at large.
Online consumers are more sensitized to privacy issues.
Online consumers are no different.
Online consumers are savvy to marketing, they get bored quickly and they ignore the routine.
Online consumers are very, very price sensitive.
Online consumers are willing to give sites up to a day to respond to and resolve their requests.
Online consumers can complete a short form and pay by credit card.
Online consumers deal with a huge amount of stress when asked to share personal information.
Online consumers expect and demand excellent customer service.
Online consumers hate junk mail.
Online consumers have power and they can make demands.
Online consumers have the 'gimme' factor.
Online consumers have to trust the site and feel secure before buying online.
Online consumers remain more affluent and better educated than the general population at large.
Online consumers report going online for a wide range of activities.
Online consumers value speed and convenience.
Many online consumers say that it is easier to shop online than go to stores.
Many online consumers shop for convenience.
Online content continues to look more like television.
Online content has links to diverse pages covering topics relevant to ichthyology.
Online content has to be relevant to the business objective of an e-commerce website.
Online content includes a general meeting schedule, job page, and links to SIG pages.
Online content includes feature stories and advertising.
Online content includes newsletters and a patient-directed list of links.
Online content is easy to navigate and serves as a convenient reference tool.
Online content is far broader than text, photos and video.
Online content is limited.
Online content needs to evolve, or it dies from disinterest.
Online content sounds like a brave, exciting new world.
All online content is searchable.
Most online content consists of text, images, navigational structures, etc.
Most online content is in English.
Most online content is written for people with average or above literary skills.
Online contests are addictive.
Online contests are preferred.
Most online contests stink on liquid nitrogen, and with good reason.
Online contracts can also be the source of headaches.
Online contributions account for a significant portion of our individual support.
Online conversation provides a place for students to explore issues on their own terms.
Online cookbook Go to the next dance.
Online copies are available at the address above.
Online copy is available here .
Online correspondence is second nature.
Online correspondence requires some simple skills on the computer.
Online costs are the same, unlike telephone or fax where distance increases costs.
Online costs can get out of control.
Online counseling is a useful treatment modality.
Online counseling is controversial new trend in therapy, experts say.
Online counseling is exactly what the term implies - counseling conducted online.
Some online counselors use chat rooms extensively to interact with clients.
Online coupons are a new way to attract customers and promote store traffic.
Online coupons are nothing new.
Online coupons are the new smart way for local businesses to advertise on the Web.
Online coupons are very easy to use.
Online coupons bring shoppers directly to a listing on the store.
Online coupons have several advantages over traditional, paper-based coupons.
Online coupons Save big with online coupons.
Online coupons Suggest a topic for One-Stop Surfing.
Online course are important.
Online Course Become a licensed insurance agent without the loss of production income and time.
Online course can indeed be fun.
Online course Find a college in another state.
Online course help desk for questions about course content and class participation.
Online course notes draw fire .
Online course provides an overview of how evidence is gathered and used in a civil case.
Online course teaches about personal computers.
Online courses abound for older users.
Online courses allow flexibility where users can stop and start whenever they wish.
Online courses allow students to log on and learn at any internet-connected computer.
Online courses allow students to take courses from home or around the world at their convenience.
Online courses allow students to take courses from home or around the world, at their convenience.
Online courses allow traditional students to add needed classes to fit their schedule.
Online courses are a convenient way to earn college credit.
Online courses are a hot topic in education just at the moment.
Online courses are a little different from traditional classroom courses.
Online courses are a necessary evolution in education.
Online courses are a unique experience.
Online courses are acceptable as well.
Online courses are as difficult and time-consuming as conventional courses, sometimes more so.
Online courses are available instantly.
Online courses are available over the internet for both tuition and support.
Online courses are available through our distance learning program.
Online courses are available to groups of students during the semester.
Online courses are classes through the Internet.
Online courses are commonplace.
Online courses are courses that are offered fully online.
Online courses are courses that have been designed to be offered on the Internet.
Online courses are different from both traditional and the adult classroom.
Online courses are different from traditional classroom courses.
Online courses are educational events.
Online courses are equivalent to traditional class offerings in time commitment.
Online courses are essentially computer classes.
Online courses are for people who have discipline and the willingness to learn.
Online courses are generally more time consuming and complicated than other modes of instruction.
Online courses are heavily oriented toward reading and writing.
Online courses are highly interactive, fast pace and heavily reliant on collective learning.
Online courses are increasingly common but usually complement traditional classroom offerings.
Online courses are interactive and layered to accommodate varying levels of experience and interest.
Online courses are much newer, so there is a lot more variation from one to the next.
Online courses are never out of session.
Online courses are no exception.
Online courses are no less challenging or academically rigorous.
Online courses are now an option for all students and institutions.
Online courses are now available as well.
Online courses are one type of distance education.
Online courses are open to everyone who has access to a computer and the Internet.
Online courses are rigorous and requires a clear commitment.
Online courses are self-directed courses, delivered over the Internet.
Online courses are similar in many ways to taking courses in traditional classrooms.
Online courses are six weeks in length, with two class lessons posted each week.
Online courses are special versions of traditional campus courses designed to be offered online.
Online courses are subject to the school calendar.
Online courses are the building blocks of online degrees.
Online courses are the newest approach to taking courses.
Online courses are traditional campus courses taught online.
Online courses are truly interactive.
Online courses are usually much less expensive than normal schooling.
Online courses are very convenient for students.
Online courses are very labor-intensive for teachers and course caps are firm.
Online courses attract the traditional undergraduate student, too.
Online Courses Be sure to check out our Online courses.
Online courses begin and end on the same days as on-campus courses.
Online courses begin and end on the same days as the on-campus courses.
Online courses begin the same day as on-campus courses.
Online Courses begin the same day as on-campus courses.
Online courses begin the same day as regular on campus classes.
Online courses begins well in advance of the start of each quarter.
Online courses behave according to course specific rules.
Online courses can be even more time consuming than traditional on-campus courses.
Online courses can be even more time consuming that traditional on-campus classes .
Online courses can be even more time consuming that traditional on-campus classes.
Online courses can be even more time-consuming than traditional classroom courses.
Online courses can be very effective for the conscientious student.
Online courses can run throughout the break period.
Online courses can serve as an excellent medium for such learning situations.
Online courses come in a wide variety of styles and sizes.
Online courses come with special fees related to the costs of the online delivery.
Online courses cost the same as on-campus courses.
Online courses cost the same as regular courses.
Online courses deliver course content compatible with a variety of student learning styles.
Online courses deliver the same results, but more efficiently.
Online courses demand more from professors.
Online courses earn regular college credit.
Online courses enable students to learn about subjects from the comfort of home.
Online courses entail no additional travel and living expenses.
Online courses fill fast.
Online courses follow the standard academic calendar.
Online courses give students more options to schedule or to procrastinate their course work.
Online courses have a W section designation.
Online courses have an unusually high drop-out rate.
Online courses have specific beginning and ending dates.
Online courses have the expectation that students are thoroughly computer and Internet literate.
Online courses have the same content as face to face courses.
Online courses have the same rigorous academic requirements as on-campus courses.
Online courses help companies lay down expectations and prevent sexual harassment cases.
Online courses incorporate many different technologies.
Online courses individualize instruction.
Online courses lack rigor.
Online Courses Learn how to create an online course .
Online Courses Learn more here .
Online courses maintain the same schedule as on-campus courses.
Online courses make it very convenient for people.
Online courses offer a full range of interactive learning opportunities.
Online courses offer an alternative to busy teachers who want to continue their educaton.
Online courses offer great flexibility and suit a variety of learners.
Online courses offer one solution.
Online courses offer students a portable classroom environment.
Online courses offer students the convenience and flexibility of learning at home.
Online courses offer students the convenience of taking classes at their own pace at any location.
Online courses offer teachers more flexibility and address the needs of our staff.
Online courses offer the flexibility to scale as big or as small as the school or student requires.
Online courses offer the most flexibility.
Online courses offer the true flexibility of learning anytime, anywhere.
Online courses offer two appealing benefits.
Online courses offer two very important benefits.
Online courses offer unparalleled flexibility in scheduling and location.
Online courses provide a convenient alternative to the traditional classroom.
Online courses provide access to college courses via the Internet using a computer.
Online courses provide no visual cues to the instructor.
Online courses reach wider audiences and give people the chance to study at home at any time.
Online courses require a computer and Internet access.
Online courses require a good mix of people to make the discussions interesting.
Online courses require a great deal of self-motivation and discipline to complete.
Online courses require a self-disciplined student.
Online courses require a substantial amount of dedication and eagerness to learn.
Online courses require a working computer and a reliable internet connection.
Online courses require at least as much time as on-campus courses.
Online courses require collaboration between the teacher and parent.
Online courses require different time management skills than onground courses.
Online courses require learners to read much of the course material from a computer monitor.
Online courses require prepayment.
Online courses require self-discipline and organization.
Online courses require self-discipline.
Online courses require self-motivation.
Online courses require students to allocate adequate time to complete the required assignments.
Online courses require students to be highly motivated and self-disciplined.
Online courses require students to do a bit more on their own.
Online courses require the full tuition payment prior to the start of the course.
Online courses require the student have access to a computer and modem.
Online courses run on the same semester schedule as on campus classes.
Online Courses Select a link below to view the demo.
Online Courses Select a location from the listbox below.
Online courses start and end on specific dates that coincide with the regular semester.
Online courses start the same time as on-campus courses.
Online courses take advantage of the speed, storage capacity, and interactivity of the Internet.
Online courses take considerably more time than on-campus courses, for both faculty and students.
Online Courses Take our tailor made, self-paced online teaching and learning skills courses.
Online courses use a standard set of tools for communication and to deliver content.
Online courses use advanced technology for teaching and communications.
Online courses use chat packages for courses.
Online courses use message boards and chat rooms to fuel discussion.
Online courses use streaming video for live and interactive Web casts and chat rooms.
Online courses use technology extensively for instruction and communication.
Online courses use technology for teaching and communication.
Online courses use the Internet as the primary delivery system for instruction.
Online courses use the Internet as the primary means of conducting course business.
Online courses use the same evaluation form as do oncampus courses.
Online courses uses technology for teaching and communication.
Online courses utilize the Internet to connect students and course consultants.
Online Courses utilize web-based instruction over the Internet.
Online courses vary from campus to campus and program to program.
Online courses vary widely in their designs.
Online courses walk first-time buyers through the process.
Online Courses Welcome to the course info pages.
Online courses work within the same structure as classroom courses.
All online courses are different.
All online courses are facilitator led, with a mix of individual attention and group interaction.
All online courses are instructor-led, and mirror traditional classroom formats.
All online courses are password protected.
All online courses are self-paced and founded on the constructivist learning theory.
All online courses are three credits.
All online courses belong to departments.
All online courses have a delayed start date to allow for orientation time.
All online courses have a minimum requirement of one proctored midterm and a proctored final.
All online courses require a texbook.
All online courses require textbooks.
All online courses run for four weeks.
Many online courses consist of little more than eye-straining lines of text.
Many online courses focus on content knowledge and information.
Many online courses require students to use little more than a Web browser and email software.
Most online course have regular schedules to follow.
Most online courses are semester-based, but some allow up to six months for completion.
Most online courses have a set schedule for assignments and testing.
Most online courses have a steady weekly schedule of assignments.
Most online courses require a great deal of actual time spent working on the computer.
Most online courses require nothing more than an Internet connection and a Web browser.
Most online courses require that the student is registered in the course.
Most online courses take place without a physical classroom and without fixed class hours.
Most online courses use a website that students visit to complete their class.
Some online courses are available.
Some online courses are password protected.
Some online courses begin with required on-campus orientations.
Some online courses do have specific start and end dates, usually a semester's length apart.
Some online courses have restrictions for high school students.
Some online courses provide interactivity with content.
Some online courses require no on-campus meetings.
Some online courses require occasional trips to campus for orientation and exams.
Some online courses require rental of the videos for course materials.
Some online courses require some on-campus time for orientations, review sessions, or exams.
Some online courses require some travel to complete proctored exams.
Some online courses require specific software packages.
Some online courses use chat.
Some online courses use video tapes.
Online coursework relies heavily on written communication and problem solving skills.
Online coursework requires the same time and effort as any course.
Online coverage is less.
Online craft show providing virtual booth space to artists and crafters.
Every online creature comes from an adoption center of some sort.
Online credit is available.
Online crew calls, classifieds, a searchable bookstore and article database are only the beginning.
Online crew calls, classifieds, a searchable bookstore and article database.
Online crime is the internet s biggest growth industry.
Online curriculum has two important factors, process and outcomes.
Online customers are dissatisfied.
Online customers are only a click away from the competition.
Online customers can even click a button to request a real-time chat session with an agent.
Online customers can have a password which they quote to receive the discount.
Online customers can send an instant e-mail with personal comments to targeted corporate leaders.
Online customers can then choose and buy the goods they want.
Online customers expect a real-time experience.
Online customers expect immediate responses, rapid fulfillment and instant service.
Online customers expect near instantaneous responses and perfect fulfillment.
Online customers have high expectations for Web site functionality.
Online customers hear one thing.
Online customers pay a slight premium for convenience.
Online customers pay with credit, debit or other electronic methods of exchange.
Most online customers shop because of convenience.
Online database allows members to update their own details.
Online database allows users to conduct product searches, supplier searches, and country searches.
Online database is a gedcom file format.
Online database is in English.
Online database is restricted to members of the library staff at all three campus locations.
Online database permits listings and searches by product and manufacturer.
Online database searches in gifted student independent study.
Online database searches, for a fee to cover costs.
Online databases allow access to several hundred different subject databases.
Online databases are a selection of statistical and reference databases.
Online databases are also available.
Online databases are also good sources of information.
Online databases are another means to locate legal information.
Online databases are available at all libraries within the Las Vegas-Clark County Library District.
Online databases are available at library workstations.
Online databases are available at stations in the East and West Reading Rooms.
Online databases are available by appointment.
Online databases are available through the campus network or through Netscape.
Online databases are available to search for transgenic mouse strains.
Online databases are indeed very convenient.
Online databases are indexes or databases of articles and citations to articles.
Online databases are often more current and comprehensive.
Online databases are often more current than print versions.
Online databases are ONLY available at the library workstations.
Online databases are open to prefectural and major municipal libraries.
Online databases are searchable online resources for a series of subjects.
Online databases are very useful for doing in-depth, specialized literature searches.
Online databases cover all years.
Online databases figure prominently in Internet computing architectures.
Online Databases Find journal and newspaper articles.
Online databases offer vast amounts of information and are usually updated daily.
Online databases provide .
Online databases provide access to several indexes, abstracts, and full text resources.
Many online databases are available.
Many online databases charge a fee.
Many online databases use controlled vocabulary, which as shown above, can benefit the user.
Some online databases allow for free-text natural language searching.
Some online databases allow patients to target a search by location or disease.
Some online databases offer full text articles in .pdf format.
Online data enables user integration of multiple datasets into customized products.
Online data is available to be restored at any time.
Online data is available.
Online data is clearly the base concept.
Online data is updated all of the time.
Online data restored via the Internet is free.
Online dealer carries a variety of playing cards such as vintage trains, ships, and travel.
Online dealers display their current inventory of cars.
Online degree is a general management program delivered via distance education technologies.
Online delivery is a proven and effective way of course delivery.
Online delivery is about more than training.
Online delivery is available at any time subject to pre-determined access privileges.
Online delivery is clearly the way the world is going.
Online delivery serves a unique segment of the education community.
Online demo is available.
Online demo is now available.
Online demo See the toolkit in action.
Online demo shows good prosidy.
Online demos illustrate ongoing research projects.
Many online denizens visit the same Web sites over and over.
Online deposits allow access after verification.
Online design has to satisfy all mental models.
Online design is sexy.
Online desktops are pretty cool, granted.
Online development provides the opportunity to involve outside professionals in course development.
Most online dialog works best when pre-established guidelines are used.
Online diarists are an active lot, turning up in every corner of cyberspace.
Online diarists make up a wonderful and quickly growing community.
Online dictionaries allow a user to search for the code.
Online dictionaries are also available.
Online dictionaries are numerous.
Online dictionaries can be a simple way to get around the vocabulary issue.
Online dictionaries can be deadly weapons.
Online dictionary includes spoken pronunciations.
Online dictionary is available.
Online directions are also available.
Online directions are available from various Central California areas.
Online directions are here .
Online directories are also good ways to find real world continuing education workshops.
Online directories are available for some plans.
Online directories require rapid look-up and scalability for high levels of traffic.
Online discourse is very limited, and often prone to generating more heat than light.
Online discussion works best after people have met face to face.
Online discussions are asynchronous in nature.
Online discussions are sometimes like that.
Online discussions are unmoderated, so be mindful of comments.
Online Discussions can be live or delayed.
Online discussions can continue over several days or even weeks.
Online discussions can extend and enhance understanding of course content.
Online discussions create an opportunity for students to interact with other students.
Online discussions get a new software upgrade.
Online discussions guarantee peer communication and learning.
Online discussions mean students are intellectually engaged before they walk into the classroom.
Online discussions remove the time constraints and give everyone an equal voice.
Online distribution is a whole new ball game.
Online distribution is restricted to the author's site.
Online distribution presents an intensely diverse array of possible methodologies.
Online distribution works better for smaller downloads.
Online division is also well known.
Online doctors consult and prescribe medicines.
Online document is also available.
Online document is free from the federal government.
Online documents are available internationally in many different languages.
Online documents are available on the Web site.
Online documents are simply documents that can be viewed on a computer.
Online Documents Click below to download current forms and documents.
Online documents maintained include registration-related FAQs and registration templates.
Online documents occupy little space and can be searched readily for necessary information.
Online documents offer some chilling clues.
Many online documents are available.
Online documentation discussing the usage of dvips is available from a remote host.
Online documentation guides users through the search procedure.
Online documentation is accessed from the graphical front-end.
Online documentation is also available in all eight languages.
Online documentation is also available.
Online documentation is at .
Online documentation is at cfm documentation .
Online documentation is available .
Online documentation is available as well.
Online documentation is available below.
Online documentation is available by clicking on the menu item for help.
Online documentation is available for most of the local software.
Online documentation is available for most software.
Online documentation is available for some of the packages.
Online documentation is available from the application.
Online documentation is available here .
Online documentation is available here.
Online documentation is available in two forms.
Online documentation is available with each software package.
Online documentation is available.
Online documentation is fairly comprehensive and makes for a very good reference.
Online documentation is huge.
Online documentation is in software.
Online documentation is included.
Online documentation is only the first step.
Online documentation is provided for both.
Online documentation is scattered and some hyperlinks point to nonexistent documents.
Online documentation Learn to use man pages, although obtuse at times, they really are useful.
Online documentation provides a description of the tabular computer-searchable information.
Online documentation takes many forms.
Most online documentation is shipped with software products.
Some online documentation is available through the gopher server.
Some online documentation is located here .
Some online documentation is provided, as are reference lists and lecture notes.
Online Donation Become a member on-line.
Online donation is welcomed.
Online donations are an entrance point to nonprofits for a comprehensive web strategy.
Online donations go toward supporting our national organization.
All online donations are entirely secure and fulfilled through a payment solution provider.
All online donations are private, secure, and tax-deductible to the extent of the law.
All online donations are tax-deductible, private, and secure.
Online drugstores are a new thing on the web.
Online edition contains selections from back issues of the paper edition.
Online edition emphasizes community news, sports, and social announcements.
Online edition is bigger and better than ever.
Online edition is free.
Online edition is updated more frequently.
Online edition provides business news about the trucking industry.
Online edition provides information on the paper and highlights from all sections of the paper.
Online editions are often available ahead of print copies.
Online education allows students to take college courses at the time and place of their choosing.
Online education breaks down many of the barriers except cost.
Online education can be a powerful way to learn.
Online education can be an expensive proposition, with many hidden costs.
Online education can be more interactive and interesting than a similar text based experience.
Online education can deliver staggering results.
Online education does require a little more discipline on the part of the student.
Online education enables active learning, knowledge building, and convergences.
Online education fosters a democratic exploration of knowledge and learner-centred teaching styles.
Online education gives power to the student.
Online education has also the potential to improve time management skills of students.
Online education includes the basics of option trading, strategies and advanced trading.
Online education is a genuine alternative to the traditional class room.
Online education is a mass market beyond of the traditional geographic boundary.
Online education is also extremely flexible.
Online education is an enormous multi-billion market.
Online education is cost effective.
Online education is here, and it is changing higher education forever.
Online education is ideal for nurses who juggle multiple responsibilities.
Online education is less inhibitive and facilities better collaboration and interaction.
Online education is more than distance education.
Online education is new and exciting.
Online education is no longer a prediction for the future.
Online education is scalable.
Online education is so new.
Online education is the reality of our future.
Online education is, however, definitely the wave of the future.
Online education limits the possibility to turn a professor into mentor.
Online education offers flexibility for the students.
Online education offers the educator a whole new way of teaching.
Online education places emphasis on written communication skills and inquisitive searches for ideas.
Online education presents a challenging and exciting way to learn.
Online education prevents some types of evaluation and leaves others open to potential dishonesty.
Online education provides full support of a teaching faculty through the internet.
Online education requires more than technological innovation .
Online education takes some getting used to.
Online election games special Thanks to the readers who sent in suggestions.
Online elections can be extremely cheap.
Online elves plunder modern pop culture for their premodern worldview.
Online email know.
Online employees represent the risk-taking arena of most conservative businesses.
Online employment classifieds and job services.
Online employment classifieds.
Online encounters are new to both patients and physicians.
Every online encounter offers the potential to learn something .
Online encyclopedia covers heart function, cardiovascular disease, treatment, diet, smoking.
Online encyclopedias can complement or supplement the printed reference collection.
Online encyclopedias do an excellent job of linking to great science sites.
Online encyclopedias can also be helpful.
Many online encyclopedias provide guidance on how to cite their sources.
Online enrollment cuts costs by reducing paperwork and data re-entry.
Online enrollment is available on a secure server.
Online enrollment is currently unavailable.
Online enrollment is the fastest and easiest way to sign up.
Online enterprises have some distinct attractions, especially to the young.
Most online enterprises lack expertise and knowledge about application security.
Online entertainment is king.
Online entertainment is something different than television or film and games and everything else.
Online entrants appear instantaneously upon payment.
Online entrepreneurs are familiar with such reservations.
Online entries are harder to claim.
Online entries are the only entries eligible for the drawing.
Online entry works better.
Online environments are no different, and traditional methods apply.
Online escrow is simply the holding of the buyer's payment by a trusted third party.
Online Events are a free benefit for all site members.
Online events continue to prove popular.
Online Events Participate in insightful online events about practical spirituality.
Online events require planning.
Online exams are also available.
Online examinations are available along with sample questions.
Online example is provided.
Online examples are available.
Online exchanges are our bastard selling side.
Online exchanges are tricky and can create potential conflicts.
Online exchanges bring buyers and suppliers together.
Online exchanges offer our components as a service.
Online exchanges represent a nearly frictionless form of commerce.
Online exercises teach ArcGIS procedures in the context of solving real-world problems.
Online exhibit includes a biography, portrait and several of the great Romantic's poems.
Online exhibit includes images of sacred religious objects preserved by Southwest synagogues.
Online exhibit includes selected works with explanatory text.
Online exhibits are in the works.
Online exhibits change regularly.
Online exhibits contain extensive graphics with some descriptions and information about the rooms.
Online exhibits contain extensive graphics with some descriptions.
Online exhibits deal with various areas of science and the arts.
Online exhibits enable net surfers to view images and read about a variety of special collections.
Online exhibits enhance the site, and the site provides search capability.
Online exhibits feature topics from colonization to migration to slavery and abolition.
Online exhibits have teacher materials and lesson plans.
Online exhibits highlight the center's current resources.
Online exhibits provide computer users with museum virtual tours.
Most online exhibits provide teacher information and guidelines.
Online exhibitions are also available.
Online exhibitions are here to stay.
Online expeditions take students on virtual journeys around the world.
Online experiences encourage the learner to roll up sleeves and get messy.
Online experts can be a helpful resource if contacted with clear purpose.
Online Experts Pick an expert, any expert.
Online expertise is critical in the design and management of high profile client web sites.
Online export directories.
Online facilitation changes the role of the teacher.
Online facilitation takes offline facilitation skills to a new dimension.
Online facilitators provide suggestions to all participants.
Online fandom is just a corner of our real lives.
Online fandom is newsworthy.
Online fashion shows.
All online features require Internet access and are subject to change.
Any online features require Internet access.
Online feedback is a good idea.
Online feedback provides immediate report profiles.
Online fiction has a surprisingly long history.
Online file serves as record.
Online files are more susceptible to a hack than a manila folder in a courthouse.
Online filing is also available.
Online filing is available for most businesses.
Online films are free and available for viewing on the festival website .
Some online film guides even welcome movie ratings by their visitors.
Online firms deserve considerable credit for making progress over the last year.
Most online firms charge companies based on the number of ads they run.
Some online firms say the days of the traditional stockbroker are over.
Online folks understand technology.
Online form allows input of request to be sent directly to props suppliers countrywide.
Online Form Feel free to fill out the following online form.
Online form is available for new membership .
Online form is currently under construction.
Online form is for credit card purchases only.
Online Form Send photos by email or postal mail.
Online form takes only minutes to complete.
Online forms allow employees to easily submit travel expenses.
Online forms allow users to post and search trade queries instantaneously.
Online forms are available for both individual members and corporate members .
Online forms are available for building and site information requests.
Online forms are available for changing properties and format information for a model.
Online forms are available for customers to request information, products, and services.
Online forms are available for equipment reservations and duplication requests.
Online forms are available which can be printed and submitted to our office to expedite processing.
Online forms are available.
Online forms are equivalent to a single web page.
Online forms are fine, but they are no substitute for an email address.
Online forms are very similar to paper forms, but they're computerized.
Online forms can check for valid data entries before being submitted.
Online forms can transform the way students and teachers communicate.
Online forms collect data about users and often write straight to a database.
Online forms come with instructions, calculations, and error checking.
Online forms exist to request articles or books or table of contents articles.
Online Forms Fill out forms online to apply for IT provided services.
Online Forms Is.
Online forms make filing a complaint easier.
Online Forms Welcome to our online forms page.
All online forms require the sender's name and address.
Some online forms remain unavailable while maintenance on our web server continues.
Online forum has message boards, links and file library for the website building community.
Online forums allow users to share their experiences with others.
Online forums are discussion areas first and foremost.
Online forums are know for their heated exchanges, in which many of the speakers are anonymous.
Online forums are still fairly new.
Online Forums Go to the sites for national newspapers and magazines to discuss current topics.
Online forums provide a look at students personal reactions to specific themes found in the artwork.
Many online forums are available for students, parents, and educators.
Many online forums fail because they lack such a clearly defined decision making arrangement.
Online fraud hits home.
Online fraud is a felony.
Online fraud is a growing problem for enforcement officials and e-commerce companies alike.
Online friends can be as close or even closer then real ones in person.
Online friendship offers a unique opportunity.
Online friendships can supplement older friendships.
Online fun is a major attraction of the Internet.
Online funds transfer recovers correctly after a service disconnect.
Online futures trading traders network is Online for fast and easy access at all times.
Online galleries are a repository of student artwork.
Online galleries create permanent exhibits.
Online gallery includes detailed biography, related article, and resume.
Online gallery includes many works.
Online gallery is very dependent on images.
Online gallery shows limited edition prints with artist comments.
Online gamblers have to buy their own drinks, too, and console themselves when they lose.
Online gamblers seek immediate gratification.
Online game Check the description.
Online games are a terrific way to reinforce basic skills and concepts.
Online games are also available for learning and self testing.
Online games are also unique in that they are sort of in a continual development process.
Online games are always interesting.
Online games are another invaluable source for teaching math, science and language skills.
Online games are available for the championship and prizes to be won.
Online games are available to teams in all states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories.
Online games are fast and fun.
Online games are fun because of the presence of other players.
Online games are low cost traffic generators.
Online games are one of the most popular activities for web users.
Online games are quick and consistent.
Online games are very popular.
Online games are, therefore, a big hit in France, with one in five Web users taking part.
Online games can be great.
Online games can help.
Online games can suffer from something called lag or latency.
Online games come in a variety of different forms.
Online games cross all cultural boundaries.
All online games evolve to meet player needs.
All online games linked in here are free.
Many online games have a computer-generated voice calling the numbers.
More online games are on the way.
Most online games try to recreate the ambience and camaraderie of a bingo hall.
Some online games divide the players into game rooms.
Online gaming draws players from every corner of the planet Pornography.
Online gaming has a bright future ahead when the Internet bandwidth arrives.
Online gaming is already a leading driver of Internet growth.
Online gaming is another good example.
Online gaming is different, however.
Online gaming is one interactive function that has received a lot of attention.
Online gaming is one of the best ways to have fun and meet people on the internet.
Online gaming is still great fun.
Online gaming is the second highest revenue generator on the web today.
Online gaming is where it all is headed.
Online gaming is, so far, an exclusively PC phenomenon.
Online gaming makes monster slaying all the more fun.
Online gaming remains one of the Internet's more popular attractions today.
Online gaming sucks due to latency.
Online genealogy is hot, hot, hot.
Online giant adds chat and email to TV viewing.
Online giants lose millions every quarter.
Online glossary contains hundreds of real estate terms and definitions.
Online government pamphlets.
Online grammar exercises.
Online graphs show current economic trends.
Online greetings are fast, easy and fun.
Online grocer checks out.
All online grocers accept major credit cards.
Online grocery can work in every market.
Online groups are a way to network with people.
Online groups can be tremendously fun and beneficial, and many kinds are available.
Online guests contribute their thoughts via the voced-coord list and VECO Web support pages.
Online guide includes headline news.
Online guides are available for both databases.
Online guides are available in English and Spanish.
Online guides are available on the web and demonstrate the complexity of citational styles.
Online guides can provide assistance with generic tasks.
Online guides generate visitor traffic in a number of ways.
Online guides provide detailed information on correct interpretation of weather products.
Online guidelines offer support to prospective article authors.
Online handouts are available.
Online harassment can occur in a wide variety of contexts, ranging from e-mail to chat rooms.
Online hate is as much a part of the Web as e-commerce, porn sites, and portals.
Online Help can also be part of the package.
Online help can answer most questions.
Online help explains it all.
Online help explains rules and payouts.
Online help explains the features.
Online help facilitates the use of the broad range of features.
Online help feature.
Online help features.
Online Help Get online help with our help pages.
Online help gives details about the OS and included utilities and applications.
Online help gives flexibility.
Online help has the potential to be a useful tool.
Online help includes a description of each database.
Online help includes the rules for each game.
Online help is a blend of technical documentation and web development.
Online help is accessible for more Web browser configurations.
Online help is also available as a guide to the program.
Online help is also available for assistance.
Online help is also available for both versions.
Online help is also available for most features.
Online help is also available for most options of the program.
Online help is also available for specific commands.
Online help is also available from the panel.
Online help is also available via the Internet.
Online help is also available with all the databases.
Online help is also available.
Online help is also often available.
Online help is also very comprehensive and clearly written.
Online help is always available.
Online help is always just a click away and includes the complete reference manual.
Online help is always just a key stroke away.
Online help is always just one click away.
Online help is always only a keystroke away.
Online help is available and e-mail is welcome.
Online help is available and included in the search engine form.
Online help is available and it is possible to search the site.
Online help is available and text can be entered by the user.
Online help is available as well.
Online help is available at all times through each program.
Online help is available at all times.
Online help is available at any time, too.
Online help is available at every step of the process.
Online help is available at Xess Help on Athena .
Online help is available but falls short of explaining each tweak individually.
Online help is available by pressing .
Online help is available by pressing the question mark icon at the top of the database pages.
Online help is available during searching.
Online help is available for all applications.
Online help is available for all forms.
Online help is available for all functions.
Online help is available for all menu items and dialog boxes.
Online help is available for all the buttons and windows by simple mouse click.
Online help is available for both the admin and user GUIs.
Online help is available for definitions of the project codes listed on each regional report.
Online help is available for each database.
Online help is available for each event and item to provide additional expert explanation instantly.
Online help is available for each prompt and field in a screen.
Online help is available for every command as well as for various topics.
Online help is available for everything.
Online help is available for most applications, utilities and commands.
Online help is available for most applications, utilities, and commands.
Online help is available for most of the menus.
Online help is available for most reports.
Online help is available for new password selection.
Online help is available for showing examples and giving greater detail.
Online help is available for swishgate.
Online help is available for the software.
Online help is available from any screen.
Online help is available from the information icon on the 'About' form.
Online help is available from the main control window.
Online help is available from the main search screen if needed.
Online help is available from within the product.
Online help is available from within the products.
Online help is available from within the program.
Online help is available HERE .
Online help is available if needed.
Online help is available if printing poses problems.
Online help is available in German, English, Swedish, and Italian.
Online help is available in prompt mode on the Cisco terminal server.
Online help is available in the form of man pages.
Online help is available on each screen.
Online help is available through the Catalog.
Online help is available through the man command.
Online help is available throughout the system.
Online help is available to assist users wishing to set up conferences.
Online help is available to help student use library resources .
Online help is available to search either the book or journal database.
Online help is available together with a tutorial.
Online help is available too.
Online help is available via the help command.
Online help is available via the Web site.
Online help is available which explains the meaning of the project codes.
Online help is available while viewing any document.
Online help is available within each search system and database.
Online help is available within the line-mode interface itself.
Online help is available within the program.
Online help is available within the system.
Online help is available, and responses are evaluated by the program when finished.
Online help is available, but no paper documentation.
Online help is available, but nothing beats a good paper manual.
Online help is available.
Online Help Is Available.
Online help is built into most of our products.
Online help is comprehensive and easy to navigate.
Online help is context specific.
Online help is detailed and clear.
Online help is detailed and easy to follow and supports searching from the help pages.
Online help is easier to navigate and includes enhanced guidance.
Online help is easily accessible from within the application.
Online help is easy to use and extensive.
Online help is even more difficult.
Online help is excellent, with clear sample search examples.
Online help is extensive and context-sensitive.
Online help is extensive, well written, and easy to follow.
Online help is extensive.
Online help is extremely useful and well designed.
Online help is fairly comprehensive, but a bit clumsy to navigate.
Online help is for wimps.
Online help is forthcoming.
Online help is included on the server.
Online help is included.
Online help is indispensable for today s computer programs.
Online help is integrated with the help of software developers in the respective application.
Online help is just a mouse click away.
Online help is just one click away and an instruction holder is just next to the terminal.
Online help is meant only to provide a solution to a specific problem or question.
Online help is never more than a keystroke away.
Online help is now available from two help files, one for tutors and one for students.
Online help is now available.
Online help is provided at all steps, minimizing training time to use the tool.
Online help is provided by the COS Expertise Tutorial.
Online help is provided for each step in the wizard.
Online help is provided for the merchant .
Online help is provided on all UIs.
Online help is provided on each screen.
Online help is provided to aid operation.
Online help is provided to the members.
Online help is provided.
OnLine help is provided.
Online help is quite thorough and also includes a troubleshooting guide.
Online help is reasonably good.
Online help is required.
Online help is searchable by topic or keywords.
Online help is surprisingly good.
Online help is typically available to the user during program operation.
Online help is useful, but only initially.
Online help is very convenient and easy to use.
Online help is very detailed.
Online help is very good.
Online help is very useful.
Online help is widely available.
Online help offers hints and tips, as well as cheerful admonitions to abandon all hope.
Online help provides a convenient built-in reference manual.
Online help provides expert assistance.
Online help provides information on program operation and features.
Online help provides some tips or useful information for typical problems.
Online help requires different writing skills than needed to write a user manual.
Online help supports performance.
More online help is available from the Authorize utility.
More online help is available.
Some online help is also available.
Some online help is available .
Some online help is excellent.
Online hierarchies tend to loose their power and communication is more informal.
Online homeowners quotes from top companies.
Online homepage is here .
Online hotel reservations Excellent rates.
Online households are consistent users of the Internet.
Online hypertext is the best way to view documents online.
Online identity is a persistent kind of presence.
Online identity is the digital identity established by computer network users.
Online images are only partially available.
Online images have to be lower in resolution, so contrast is even more critical.
All online images are for sale.
Online incentives offer a number of advantages, proponents say.
Online indexes are accessible via the library home page.
Online indexes direct the user to additional articles.
Online Indexes Find articles, search the online database.
Some online indexes are very general in scope, covering many different topics.
Some online indexes cover a wide variety of topics while others focus on specific topics.
Online industry can regulate itself Net.
Online information can be interesting and useful.
Online Information Find out more about the national trends in mathematics .
Online Information Find out more about the national trends in reading .
Online information gives people the opportunity to investigate, observe, test and purchase.
Online information includes a daily pun.
Online information includes books available for purchase, special events and maritime history.
Online information includes computer databases for health professionals, patients and the public.
Online information includes local map, and what to expect on first visits.
Online information includes location maps, event details, news, pricing and opening hours.
Online information includes map of sites and photographs of some objects.
Online information includes, news, events, a directory of suppliers, and a glossary of terms.
Online information is a relatively new tool for media organizations.
Online information is also available online through the government web site.
Online information is available concerning courses and program details .
Online information is available describing how to use the various tools.
Online information is available for circulation policies and procedures .
Online information is available for most major provincial highways.
Online information is available from the city.net web site about Fredericksburg.
Online information is available on a broad range of topics.
Online information is both worse and better than edited information.
Online information is in preparation.
Online information is inherently more timely and more accurate than printed books.
Online information is selected from the print volumes.
Online information is the key.
Online information is updated daily.
Online information is updated every week and the database is searchable by key words.
Online information travels faster than mailed information.
Some online information is inaccurate, unreliable, or even deliberately misleading.
Some online initiatives are clearly neutral in their effect.
Online innovations mean smaller firms have new marketing outlets like Web sites.
Online inquiries are welcome.
Online installation is straightforward, with succinct, thorough help available for each step.
Online instruction can be more time consuming.
Online instruction involves many different learning platforms and methods.
Online instruction is a form of intellectual property.
Online instruction is also an area of heavy emphasis for training and support.
Online instruction is different than face to face instruction.
Online instruction is essentially a solitary activity.
Online instruction is likely to be preferred by many students.
Online instruction is one part of the solution to that problem.
Online instruction offers many options for content and delivery.
Online instruction places demands on the infrastructure.
Online instruction resembles the traditional educational process in another way.
Online instruction uses an Internet connection as the primary medium for delivering class materials.
Online instructions appear in a frame at the bottom of the page.
Online instructions are available for placing , displaying , and canceling holds .
Online instructions are available for requesting OhioLINK materials.
Online instructions are available throughout the search.
Online instructions describe the program's functionality in detail.
Online instructors can use the system for class teleconference sessions during the semester.
Online instructors interact with the students by downloading lessons and assignments via e-mail.
Many online instructors feel disconnected from their students.
Online insurance quotes for comprehensive health, evacuation and travel protection.
Online insurance quotes for term life insurance.
Online Interaction Enter the Internet.
Online interaction is mandatory.
Online interactions focus on evaluating wind tunnel designs.
Online interactions take place via email lists and the web.
All online interaction is enclosed in rounded boxes.
Online inventories are most useful for scarce or unavailable vehicles.
Online Inventory Come in and explore.
Online inventory is subject to current existing availability.
Online inventory is updated daily.
Online inventory provides technical information regarding each available item.
Online investment is cheap because the computer has eliminated the human being at the other end.
Online investors can now add, subtract, multiply, and divide symbols.
Online investors have access to vast quantities of data.
Every online investor has a favorite finance site.
Many online investors tend to concentrate on stocks.
Most online investors use limit orders routinely, and certainly when trading volatile securities.
Online issues are also available earlier than are the print issues.
Online issues are only available as listed above.
Online issues are sporadic and part of the site is in French and part in English.
Online issues are to be found on the Web at the given website address.
Online issues contain excerpts and selected articles from the print journal.
Online jobs classifieds where vacancies are just a click away.
Online jobs make advertising jobs look as stable as banking.
Online jobs make advertising jobs look like banking jobs.
Online jobs opport.
Online journal features articles, reviews and classes on alternative and holistic medicine.
Online journals are a logical development in the use of information technology.
Online journals are another source of scholarly information.
Online journals are currently available only with a hard copy subscription for the same journal.
Online journals are fast.
Online journals are freer to incorporate color, animation, audio and video content.
Online journals are the outgrowth of the information age made possible by the Internet.
Online journals bring the best thinking to individual desktops.
Online journals can provide the latest information.
Online Journals Find By Subject . . .
Many online journals get the most hits of the day during the lunch hour.
Most online journals have a print counterpart, but some are available only online.
Most online journals require a subscription.
Most online journals require subscriptions.
Some online journals are free on the Web.
Some online journals go so far as to include the full PR header, with headline and datestamps.
Some online journals require a password for access and each password is different.
Online journalism has the capabilities of revolutionizing the sports industry.
Online journalism is an exciting fusion of moving pictures, sound and interactivity.
Online journalism is another matter.
Online journalism is interactive.
Online journalism is limited to people's imagination.
Online journalism scores another hit on old media.
Online journalists keep their eyes on daily numbers.
Online kids are also more involved in sports activities.
Online language dictionaries, pages for various languages and much more.
Online law is essential to service overseas people as individuals and businesses.
Online learners are usually a self-motivated breed.
Online learners require more interaction with an instructor.
Online lecture notes companies are a very recent phenomenon.
Online lenders offer special promotions to beat out their competition.
Online lenders offer that convenience.
Online lenders say targeting younger borrowers is passe.
Online lending has more growth potential than any other segment of mortgage industry.
Online lessons are also available.
Online lessons are now available.
Online libertarianism rejects hierarchy, of course.
Online libraries provide opportunities to teach and learn from a variety of sources.
Online life is about toppling all the rules and gaining a certain immediacy.
Online list is only a fraction of their inventory.
Online listeners are an attractive demographic group.
Online Listings -Search for available housing online.
Online literature is available.
Online locations are other places where companies can recruit for interns.
Online logic quizzes and proof checking.
Online losers try to capture markets through aggressive promotion and pricing alone.
Online lotus notes tutorial and lotus notes tutorial video .
Online love presents a whole different set of difficulties.
Online loyalty is a powerful, but amazingly fragile, force.
Online magazine contains stories and artwork created by kids.
Online magazine covers a variety of issues on engineerng and technology ethics.
Online magazine covers export-related issues, resources, and trade services.
Online magazine covers topics on skin care, women's issues and more.
Online magazine devoted to tennis and it's fans.
Online magazine offers advice, resume posting, job listings, employer profiles and more.
Online magazine offers intersect well with deal-driven Internet buyers.
Online magazines are one of the Internet's most valuable and user-friendly resources.
Online magazines give readers easy access to information with a click of a button.
Many online magazines feature a staff page with names, titles, and individual e-mail addresses.
Online malls are one-stop shopping sites for a wide variety of customers.
Online malls market the mall, and more importantly get the malls listed on search engines.
Online malls move closer to home.
Most online malls list as many merchants as they can without taking the time to research each one.
Online man pages Each computer has a set of man pages that document every command.
Online man pages for phoenix .
Online manual is added.
Online manual is available.
Online manual is distributed with the program code.
Online manual is extensive.
Online manual is the best study guide.
Online manuals are also available at the site.
Online manuals are also inexpensive to produce.
Online manuals are available from the help menus.
Online manuals are available in html , pdf or ps formats.
Online manuals are available in text format.
Online manuals are available locally .
Online manuals are available on tex, latex, amstex, dvips, dvilj, etc.
Online manuals replace the earlier paper editions, which are no longer produced.
Online maps are a form of georeferenced information.
Online maps are also available.
Online maps are occasionally available, and an index to maps for sale is included.
Online maps are useful in locating places.
Most online maps provide information based on address, town, and zip code.
Online markets are critical for the longevity of a business.
Online markets seeks fiction, non-fiction, and poetry from young writers.
Online marketer buys Asia-based Internet marketing network.
Online marketers are certainly in a similar position.
Online marketers are hesitant to court communities.
Online marketers can search for information by category, keyword, or key phrase.
Online marketers say that's too onerous.
Many online marketers believe that if they just put out an ad, they'll make sales.
Many online marketers fail to take advertise to the millions of daily newspaper subscribers.
Most online marketers make poor promotion choices.
Online marketing can also be more targeted and effective.
Online marketing enables everyone to reach existing and potential customers around the globe.
Online marketing is a different kettle of fish.
Online marketing is a specialized field and it requires knowledge and experience.
Online marketing is alive and well, e-mail marketing in particular.
Online marketing is all about getting the right message to the right person at the right time.
Online marketing is all about testing, and there's no harm in trying new strategies.
Online marketing is an ever-growing medium to reach a more diverse clientele.
Online marketing is an extremely cost effective and totally trackable form of marketing.
Online marketing is by far the preferred medium.
Online marketing is no different than traditional marketing.
Online marketing is no easy challenge.
Online marketing is one of the most exciting promotional concepts since the invention of television.
Online marketing is powerful, but nothing compares to good networking events .
Online marketing is really a specialty area.
Online marketing is the most cost-effective way to attract more customers and increase revenues.
Online marketing is the secret of our success.
Online marketing requires well executed graphics.
Online marketing takes it to the next level.
Online marketplaces suffer from the limitations of computer modem ownership.
Online material is a secondary source.
Online material is scanty.
Online materials are available via the Web.
Online materials work best when they are thoroughly integrated with work in the classroom.
Online mediation is a convenient and cost effective way to resolve a wide range of conflicts.
Online media are communications tools.
Online media buys, search engine submission and ad banner design.
Online media can sell product.
Online Media Find people.
Online media is different from conventional media in the sense that the users can interact.
Online media is radically different.
Online media remains unfamiliar territory to many writers.
Online media works in much the same way.
Online meetings are like traditional meetings.
Online members access all member benefits online.
Online members are eligible, so join now .
Online members are even more lucrative, since they require less telemarketing costs.
Online members can receive free caregiving books for participating.
Online membership opens soon.
Online menus are ideal for restaurants that offer delivery or take out.
Online merchants are eligible, provided that they have a significant amount of non-catalog content.
Online merchants have another way to make international transactions easier.
Online merchants have the most to gain.
Online merchants pay higher fees to credit-card companies because they incur higher rates of fraud.
Online merchants receive Real Time Transaction Processing of all Major Credit Cards and checks.
Online merchants say it's safe enough, but plenty of shoppers disagree.
Online merchants say yes, but plenty of shoppers disagree.
Online merchants suffer the brunt of losses from disputed transactions, known as chargebacks.
Many online merchants are just an extension of the services they offer on their premises.
Many online merchants can also expect repeat customers.
Many online merchants offer free gift registries.
Many online merchants provide personalized services.
Most online merchants believe that increasing hits is the way to increase sales.
Most online merchants post their privacy statements on their Web sites.
Some online merchants charge a slightly lower product price.
Online messages outline the reasons for backup and recovery errors.
Online metadata gives users insights into the meanings of the many indicators.
Online methodologies used in the program are learner centered.
Online metrics is a summary of the site's activity.
Online ministry has a great opportunity to supplement that which takes place off-line, though.
Online models promise new forms of help.
Some online models are labor intensive for the instructor, necessitating enrollment limits.
Online monitoring can help companies identify unauthorized distributors or merchants.
Online monitoring lets instructors track each student's progress.
Online mortgages can suffer from snags.
Online mortgages make it easier and faster than ever to get prequalified for a loan.
Online mouse exercises.
Online movies can take much longer than that to load.
Online multimedia help desk for digital filmmakers.
Online museums are among the most popular sites in cyberspace, and the proof is in the numbers.
Online music is hot, and getting hotter by the second.
Online music is number one, inevitable, and number two, something to be welcomed.
Online music is popular.
Online music keeps singing a loud tune.
Online navigation is pretty much like driving.
Online navigation is quite different from print navigation.
Online networks accelerate and globalize the process.
Online networks are probably in the most explosive growth stage right now.
Online networks bring the patient back into the loop.
Online networks help members overcome physical barriers.
Online news is the new frontier in journalism.
Online news is where the jobs are.
Online news lets the reader assemble a customized version of the newspaper or the broadcast.
Online news ought to be great in content and delivery.
Online newsletter contains industry and society updates.
Online newsletter includes pictures and genuine Swiss yodeling.
Online newsletter is available.
Online newsletters are like hard-copy newsletters.
Online newsletters can start to pay off right away.
Online newsletters grow primarily by word of mouth referral.
Online newsletters provide fresh information for patients to review.
Some online newsletters make money, too.
Online newspaper covers board of education meetings, selectmen meetings, posts reporter's notes.
Online newspaper listings A list of commercial and non-commercial links to online newspapers.
Online newspapers are a good place to start.
Online newspapers are all over the net.
Online newspapers are also good for reading about world events.
Online newspapers are regularly updated and, of course, sections can be saved or printed out.
Online Newspapers Find online newspapers by continent, country, state.
Online newspapers have numerous classifieds and links to job sites.
Online newspapers have their revenue model totally backwards.
Online newspapers have yet to benefit fully from the many uses of informational graphics.
Online Newspapers Link to online newspapers and news services.
Online newspapers provide a different kind of experience.
Online newspapers seem to be finding their niche.
Online newspapers suck.
Most online newspapers have popular chat areas where readers can converse with writers and editors.
Online notes are a tool.
Online notes are free - the CD costs.
Online notes are here to stay.
Online notes are hypertext documents.
Online notes hurt education system .
Online objectification is nothing new.
Online observations are used for data collection purposes only.
Online offering consists of sewing and quilting notions, buttons, trims and iron-on appliques.
Online offerings are summaries and abstracts.
Online offerings enforce the sense of community.
Online offerings go beyond symposia and continuing features to present all major clinical articles.
Online ones are available full-text, with some access restrictions.
Online operations are unavailable.
Online operations are vital to the survival of any business.
Most online operators seem to be in hiding.
Online opportunity emerges at lightning speed and from unusual directions.
Most online opportunities fail within the first year in business.
Online options range from computer networking courses to medical technology to graphic design.
Many online options are available such as gravure printing, flexo printing, slitting and trimming.
Many online options are available such as web inspection, doctoring, reel splicing and bar coding.
Online oracle features the EzChing Dice.
Online Order Complete the online order form .
Online order Downloading products Check a list of other federal installation error messages.
Online Order Offers beverage ordering and delivering service.
Online Order Try our secure form for convenience.
Online Order Use our handy online shopping cart to add and process orders automatically.
Online orders are accurate and can be processed faster than any other kind of orders.
Online orders are for customers in the U.S. only.
Online orders are for USA ordering only.
Online orders are limited to credit card payments only.
Online orders are limited to credit card purchases.
Online orders are limited to credit cards.
Online orders are limited to five copies of each item.
Online orders are limited to major credit cards only.
Online orders are limited to major credit cards.
Online orders are limited to shipping addresses in the continental United States.
Online orders are on our secured server.
Online orders are safe, thanks to our VeriSign security system.
Online orders are secure, fast, and easy.
Online orders are subject to availability of class space.
Online orders are through a secure computer.
Online orders arrive in a few days.
Online orders make it just too tempting.
Online orders receive an immediate order confirmation by return email.
Online orders receive an Internet Discount on complete series.
Online orders receive an Internet discount.
Online orders result in the fastest order processing and shipment.
Online orders take place on our secure server.
All online orders are on a secure server.
All online orders are safe and secure .
All online orders are safe and secure.
All online orders are secure.
All online orders begin with a product abstract page.
All online orders have free shipping.
All online orders receive a free rosary and Holy cards.
All online orders require credit card payment.
Any online order is legally binding.
Every online order earns a FREE Vacation .
Online orientation is also available.
Online paedophilia is a political minefield for a journalist.
Online pages tell all about our weather internships .
Online paper is here .
Online paper is updated daily.
Online papers are available without charge, and there is a search feature on the site.
Online papers are only available to subscribers.
Online participants can get instant results, sorted by age, race, sex and country.
Online participation is evaluated much like a class discussion.
Online participation is highly encouraged.
Online participation is mandatory.
Online participation is required.
Online participation seems to be stronger from consultants and academics rather than businesspeople.
Online patterns are free.
Online payment is also available via the Internet.
Online payment is arranged, and can be processed.
Online payment is by credit card only.
Online payment is by credit card or PO number only.
Online payment is currently unavailable due to a system upgrade.
Online payment is defined differently in China than elsewhere.
Online payment is no longer available.
Online payment is possible.
Online payment is secure and is the preferred method of payment.
Online payment is the fastest, easiest way to pay bills.
Online payment reduces significantly the balance accounts receivables.
Online payment using paysep is available.
Online payment works with any U.S. checking account.
Online payments are also in long range planning.
Online Payments Makes it Secure, Easy and Fast.
Online Payments Pay from invoices or statments saving time and postage.
Online payments seem to be catching on more quickly in Europe, according to banks there.
Online payments show up in county coffers the next day.
Online people chat after it happens.
Online people expect even faster service.
Online people expect to be entertained, informed and involved in a two-way conversation.
Online people skills although essential, can be developed through our training system.
Many online people are sooo fed up with trying different hyped up opportunities.
Online performers get a heads-up.
Online permits make sense for Houston.
Online personals are a wonderful way to connect with singles all around the world .
Online personals are bigger, better and faster than their print counterparts.
Online personals are much more convenient.
Online personals is a sorting business.
Online personalities impart more nuggets of news in their weekly video clips.
Online pharmacists provide more thorough responses.
Online pharmacists verify the prescription just as a retail pharmacy does.
Online pharmacies are a natural and neccessary progression in the world today.
Online pharmacies are the latest Internet craze.
Online pharmacies are the latest part of the proliferation of health information on the Internet.
Online pharmacies offer better deals and more choices.
Online pharmacies operate much as mail-order pharmacies.
Online pharmacies operate much like mail-order pharmacies.
Online pharmacies tout themselves as more convenient.
Many online phone directories from countries around the world.
Online photos are also available.
Online photography is still such a new thing.
Online pics avail.
Online pit stops for weekend warriors.
Online placement has a period limit.
Online planners are the stewards of a client's relationship with other media.
Online play boosts the score a little.
Online play is a possibility, as well as additional downloadable tracks as well.
Online play is also a major focus of the game, with cross-platform competitions promised.
Online play is impressive and seamless.
Online play is one of the new features Activision plans to include.
Online play is possible peer to peer, on an internet game server, or against a computer opponent.
Online play is solid and performance for a three-player game was quite satisfying.
Online play is standard fare.
Online Players can no longer vote for their own park.
Online poll Make an online poll where visitors can win prizes as an incentive to take the poll.
Online poll shows tax professionals want tax code simplification.
Online polls are actually elections, of a kind.
Online polls have little bearing on reality.
Online polls make some folks think they are actually doing something.
Online Polls Take part in some quick online polls.
Online polls track impeachment fever.
Online porn is big business.
Online porn is everywhere.
Online pornographers tend to move around a lot.
Online pornography is popular.
Online portfolio includes links to other notable .
Online portfolio includes links to other notable models, photographers, and modeling related sites.
Online portfolio includes logos, brochures, newsletters, corporate identity, and ads.
Online portfolios are another option.
Online portfolios represent an indispensable tool for attracting new clients.
Online portraits are also available.
Online positions are available here.
Online postage has the potential to someday be a time and labor saver for small businesses.
Online posters ask whether a half-point can save the economy.
Online practice is included during the workshop.
Online practice is included.
Some online practitioners use text-based chat as a way of working with their clients in real time.
Online predators can pose as children and then arrange a meeting with an unsuspecting young victim.
Online predators use an escalating pattern of questions once contact with a child is made.
Online prescriptions are available right here.
Online prescriptions are easy to get.
Online presence is basic.
Online presence is primarily a business issue.
Every online presence has to be planned, and of course every commercial presence on the web, too.
Online presentations are also available for Conference Attendees.
Online presentations can take place across the miles, or in real time.
Online presentations come with text transcripts, slide presentations and audio recordings.
Online presentment removes the barrier to fast and easy invoice management.
Online press releases, updateable job opportunities, frames design, javascript.
Online press releases.
Online price is available only if ordering online.
Online prices apply to web site orders only.
Online prices are subject to change without notice.
Online pricing is only good on orders placed through our e-commerce site.
Online pricing is still a young science.
Online pricing serves as a check on the system to prevent aberrant pricing.
All Online pricing is on our web site.
Online privacy is a contentious issue that recently has caused consumer alarm.
Online privacy is a front-page story.
Online privacy is a highly charged and complicated area of the law.
Online privacy is a hot topic among Internet users, and funeral directors are no exception.
Online privacy is a serious matter.
Online privacy is a very real issue.
Online privacy is another issue.
Online privacy is important.
Online privacy is likely to be contentious for at least a generation.
Online privacy is one of the Internet's biggest challenges.
Online privacy matters.
Online privacy remains an oxymoron.
Online processes provide immediate feedback to the user.
Online processing is quick, easy and safe.
Online processing takes under twenty seconds.
Online procrastination is too stressful.
Online procurement is also quicker than the traditional approach.
Online procurement is just the tip of the iceberg.
Online producers post breaking news throughout the day and evening.
Many online producers come from the worlds of print and television.
Online products catalog.
Some online products are free with registration.
Online professionals say no, and explain why.
Online programs are our fastest growing segment, so recruiting on the Web is a necessity.
Online programs are tailor-made for busy working adults.
Online programs utilize a computer for access to the virtual classroom.
Online projects are fascinating.
Online projects can take care of that.
Online projects involve collaboration at the classroom level and beyond.
Online projects provide teachers with a wonderful tool to support their students' learning.
Online projects range from simple email exchanges to in -depth research.
Online promotion can give indie bands the tools to work smarter than their big label counterparts.
Online promotion creates awareness then enhances it.
Online promotion is any activity that markets to users on the Internet.
Online promotion is FREE to automotive-related search sites.
Online promotion is more effective than 'offline' methods.
Online promotion is the best way to get ahead.
Online promotion takes place after the site has been placed on the web server.
Online promotions are easier to implement than their offline counterparts.
Online promotions are under everincreasing regulatory scrutiny.
Online promotions can deliver fast, effective, worldwide exposure for pennies a day.
Online promotions can strengthen existing relationships and build new ones.
Online promotions vary wildly.
Online properties are the bricks and mortar of e-business.
Online proposals are available.
Online prospects are more educated and want more information before they make their buying decision.
Online prospectus has details and application form.
Online providers charge rates that vary by database.
Online providers continue to change their pricing strategies frequently.
Most online providers state quite clearly the limitations in the provision of therapy online.
Some online providers specialize in cards for business occasions.
Online proximity is profoundly different from physical proximity.
Online psychotherapy is here.
Online publication has the capability to integrate sound and video clips into stories.
Online publication includes links to relevant attachments.
Online publication is a powerful tool, and heady, too.
Online publication is at least a year behind the print version.
Online publication is for purchase.
Online publications add an extra punch and provide another avenue for people to get involved.
Online publications are acceptable.
Online publications are also available.
Online publications are available.
Online publications are environment friendly media.
Online publications are in Adobe .pdf format.
Online publications cover everything from computers and funerals to exterminating Japanese beetles .
Online publications have certain needs.
Online publications vary widely in the availability of their contents free on the Web.
Most online publications carry guest articles.
Most online publications have email letter to the editor systems.
Some online publications are available.
Some online publications have catalog hypertext links.
Online publishers Get summer job or internship with newspaper.
Online publishers have a very poor record of preserving copyrighted works.
Online publishers offer advertising measured in terms of ad views or impressions.
Online publishers receive new content that generates revenue.
Online publishers rely more on authors to do their own marketing.
Many online publishers feel pressured to update their content monthly, weekly, or even daily.
Some online publishers assume that they have rights to work that they never actually secured.
Online publishing is also an option.
Online publishing is an exciting new media .
Online publishing is different from print publishing.
Online publishing is expensive, too.
Online publishing is no different.
Online publishing is now, it seems, officially unhip.
Online publishing means more jobs and wider, different opportunities using the same skills.
Online publishing offers individuals great opportunity to build goodwill bases at minimum cost.
Online publishing takes one step closer to becoming a viable option.
Many online publishing opportunites for teens with disabilities.
Online purchase is available for the classic colours only.
Online purchases are curently available to United States and Mexico customers only.
Online purchases are currently only available to customers within the United States and Mexico.
Online purchases can be a very low cost way of doing business.
Online purchases can require that the purchaser pay additional taxes to local authorities.
Online purchases receive a discount.
Online purchases require a credit card.
Online purchases require a major credit card or Deferred Payment Plan account.
Online purchases require payment by a major credit card or Deferred Payment Plan account.
All online purchases are in dollars.
All online purchases are secure transactions.
All online purchases are secure, private transactions.
Most online purchases require credit cards.
Online quizzes allow automatic grading for students.
Online quizzes are an integral part of our active learning approach.
Online quizzes have a number of strengths and weaknesses.
Online quizzes provide immediate feedback cues for remediation.
Online quotations are available for California and Arizona.
Online racers resume database.
Online rates are non-commissionable.
Online readers appreciate quick bursts of information.
Online readers are impatient.
Online readers are skeptical.
Online readers demand rich audio-visual presentation.
Online readers specializes in reading glasses to provide relief for blurred vision.
Online readers tend to be younger.
Many online readers list their ethics.
Online reading is available for the introductary article and the table of contents .
Online reading is mostly quick scanning.
Online reading is used in numerous places.
Online reading is vastly different from the reading of hardcopy.
Online recruitment is a new but increasingly popular means of hiring employees.
Online recruitment is a speedy and convenient process.
Online recruitment is cost-effective .
Online recruitment is probably one of the fastest growing e-businesses on the Internet today.
Online reference has several stumbling blocks.
Online reference includes how to cite sources, links to other libraries and online resources.
Online reference works like encyclopedias, dictionaries, almanacs, directories, statutes.
Online registrants are eligible to win additional prizes.
Online registrants receive an immediate email confirmation.
Online Registration Be smarter.
Online Registration Click on the link above to go directly to online registration.
Online Registration Click the image to register online.
Online registration ends on the first class day of each term.
Online registration ensures that participants have access to the Internet and an e-mail address.
Online Registration Find out when and where courses are held and then register online.
Online Registration Has Ended Please register at the door.
Online registration is a final step in the registration process.
Online registration is also available at lasso.tamiu.edu for students meeting requirements.
Online registration is also available.
Online registration is also now up and running.
Online registration is available .
Online registration is available and encouraged.
Online registration is available at .
Online registration is available at HERE .
Online registration is available at lasso.tamiu.edu for students meeting requirements.
Online registration is available at the CSTG website.
Online registration is available at the site.
Online registration is available at the Web site.
Online registration is available at their web site.
Online registration is available by clicking HERE and is strongly encouraged.
Online registration is available for any of our six events.
Online registration is available for child care.
Online registration is available for expo and conference attendees.
Online registration is available for most offerings.
Online registration is available for parenting classes.
Online registration is available for photographers and landowners.
Online registration is available for registrants paying by credit card.
Online registration is available for regular individual enrollment only.
Online registration is available for seminars conducted onsite.
Online registration is available for some events.
Online registration is available for the event.
Online registration is available for the events listed.
Online registration is available from each region's program description page.
Online registration is available from here.
Online registration is available from the website.
Online registration is available here .
Online registration is available now.
Online registration is available on the website.
Online registration is available on Web For Students.
Online registration is available there.
Online registration is available through .
Online registration is available to most students.
Online registration is available to remove some nagging and a watermark.
Online registration is available.
Online registration is closed.
Online registration is convenient, fast, secure, and has been problem free.
Online registration is convenient, fast, secure.
Online registration is currently available .
Online registration is currently available for some tests.
Online registration is currently available only for the ergonomics presentations.
Online registration is currently available.
Online registration is currently only available for non-credit courses.
Online registration is done on a secure server .
Online registration is easy and straightforward.
Online registration is easy.
Online registration is encouraged but a printed information piece is also available.
Online registration is for credit card payments only.
Online registration is for payment by credit card only.
Online registration is generally available a month before the registration deadline.
Online registration is here .
Online registration is immediate when all is in order.
Online registration is implemented.
Online registration is in place and is the most efficient way to register for a seminar or workshop.
Online registration is included in the setup procedure and of course is recommended.
Online registration is located HERE .
Online registration is necessary.
Online registration is no longer available. .
Online registration is no longer available.
Online registration is now avaible.
Online registration is now available .
Online registration is now available by clicking on the link below.
Online registration is now available for a very limited number of tours .
Online registration is now available for all classes.
Online registration is now available for all students.
Online registration is now available Please click here to login and submit it via secure server.
Online registration is now available.
Online registration is now open.
Online registration is now possible.
Online registration is now under way.
Online registration is now up and running.
Online registration is offered for most workshops.
Online registration is offered.
Online registration is on the way.
Online registration is one example.
Online registration is open now.
Online registration is open to both members and non-members over our secure server.
Online registration is open.
Online registration is possible for eligible students.
Online registration is possible when paying with credit cards.
Online registration is possible.
Online registration is preferred.
Online registration is problematic.
Online registration is provided at that site.
Online registration is provided.
Online registration is quick and convenient.
Online registration is required and membership is free.
Online registration is required for access.
Online registration is required for online courses to indicate readiness to take an online course.
Online registration is required to access some pages.
Online registration is required to download the software.
Online registration is required to get access to the test site.
Online registration is required, but the service is free.
Online registration is required.
Online registration is simple.
Online registration is temporarily unavailable.
Online registration is terminated.
Online registration is the easy way to sign up for our classes.
Online registration is the only method that allows payment by credit card.
Online registration is the recommended method.
Online registration is voluntary.
Online registration requires a credit card.
Online registration requires a valid credit card.
Online registration requires an active Internet connection.
Online registration requires payment with a credit card.
Online registration requires two steps.
Online registration saves time and money.
Online registration supports more email clients.
Online registration using a credit card is available.
Online registrations are no longer available.
Online registrations are no longer being accepted, please register on-site in Boston.
Online registrations require credit-card payment.
Online registrations require full payment.
All online registrations are secure.
Online registries work just like in-store registries for weddings, baby showers, and birthdays.
Online regulars know it's okay to make a typo while online.
Online relationships are no different.
Online relationships begin on the basis of similar interests and values.
Online relationships can be intense and they can be real.
Online relationships can create a false send of intimacy.
Online relationships can turn abusive, harassing, obsessional, or even homicidal.
Online relationships develop quickly.
Online release notes.
Online religion can never be a replacement for flesh and blood.
Online renewal is also available.
Online renewal is relatively simple.
All online renewals are to be made with credit card only.
Online reps are part of every sales pitch to major customers.
Online reports are available on various topics.
Online reports are viewable in Mosaic and Netscape.
Online Reports help, system requirements, and user registration information is available.
Online reports offer a couple of advantages.
All online reports are elective.
Online Reporter Create dynamic tabulations and graphs online.
Online repository makes it easy to distribute transcripts after the deposition.
Online reprints are available as well.
Online requests are available to registered users .
Online research allows for participation at an individual's convenience.
Online research has no barriers.
Online research is a new way of collecting data in psychology.
Online research is both secondary and primary.
Online research is much more current.
Online research is wanted now.
Online research offers a new and effective means of collecting critical market information.
Online Research Offers Many Choices .
Online research practices that obscure the true purpose and use of the research results.
Online research reports, events, contact information and personal homepages.
Online research requires a special process.
Online reservation is available here .
Online reservation is available.
Online reservation is closed.
Online reservation is finished.
Online reservation is provided.
Online reservations are also available on the site.
Online reservations are also available via e-mail or fax.
Online reservations are available from their website.
Online reservations are available.
Online reservations are fast, simple and secure.
Online reservations are no more possible.
Online reservations are now available for at least some Michigan harbors, golf courses and hotels.
Online reservations are only valid upon recipt of a confirmation e-mail.
Online reservations are welcome.
Online reservations form.
Online reservations go directly into the computer sys tem.
Online reservations require a credit card guarantee.
All online reservations are on a tentative basis, depending upon availability.
All online reservations are secure for worry free transactions.
All online reservations are subject to availability.
Online resources are a moving target, as are the audience's wants and needs.
Online resources are also available on individual Alaskan communities.
Online resources are also available remotely from the Silicon Valley Library System site .
Online resources are also available.
Online resources are available and can be easy to use.
Online resources are available at the web site.
Online resources are available either from the library web page or through a telnet connection.
Online resources are available for MySQL including a tutorial.
Online resources are available in the Library and remotely.
Online resources are available.
Online resources are extremely numerous.
Online resources are guides to web links, each of which is annotated and rated.
Online resources are just one of many library resources available to a student.
Online resources are limited to product descriptions.
Online resources are no better.
Online resources are now available here on the website.
Online resources are now vital.
Online resources are numerous, and here are some of the very best.
Online resources are remarkable.
Online resources are too hard to use and too expensive.
Online resources are very much welcome.
Online resources are welcome.
Online resources can become tremendous family assets in capable hands.
Online resources can build on the foundation of books in local school.
Online resources can supply answers to questions.
Online Resources Click the play buttons below to hear each person's experience.
Online Resources Find more information about our products with our convenient links page.
Online resources guide to recommended reading material available.
Online resources have the potential to replace bulky reference books.
Online resources including information sheets and the study guide are now available.
Online resources locate credit judgement records public.
Online resources make available texts that are more difficult to locate.
Online resources make it easy to keep updated on new research.
Online resources offer exciting new opportunities for exploring the field of microscopy.
Online resources offer more timely access to statistical information than their paper counterparts.
Online resources offer the intrinsic advantage of continuous updates.
Online resources offer whole new challenges in finding, evaluating, and using information.
Online resources provide even more choice for the curious career seeker.
Online Resources See Links to Internet Resources .
Many online resources are available to help parents guide their children's television viewing.
Many online resources are available.
Many online resources exist for different types of genealogy.
Many online resources provide coupons, discounts and special promotions.
Most online resources require a paid subscription.
Some online resources allow additional operators.
Some online resources are just plain handy.
Some online resources are only available in the Library.
Some online resources needed for problem-solving are frustratingly slow or contain ads.
Online responses are due by email before the next class meeting.
All online responses remain active in our database for one year.
Online results are available from Pima County.
Online resumes are electronic documents and they are easily transferred.
Online resumes are regulary searched by corporate recruiters.
Online resumes are the fastest growing way to contact a potential employer or networking contact.
Online resumes are very effective for a variety of reasons.
Online resumes provide only e-mail addresses for contacting students.
Online retail seems to be burning vast amounts of money for little return.
Online retailers are a good place to start.
Online retailers are able to capitalize on the power of digital downloading.
Online retailers are failing to reply to shoppers' e-mail queries, a new report claims.
Online retailers are in a double bind.
Online retailers are therefore determined to attract more repeat customers.
Online retailers are willing to pay handsomely for information about consumers.
Online retailers can offer music from record companies that work with the clearinghouse.
Online retailers claim that many of their customers are first-time shoppers.
Online retailers decide how broadly to set reporting bands on income and age ranges.
Online retailers do the exact opposite.
Online retailers have the opportunity to create an environment to promote their items.
Online retailers know that sluggish responses can be their undoing.
Online retailers plan cyber mall.
Online retailers tend to keep their stocks fairly lean.
Online retailers try a new tack.
Online retailers use live service to increase sales and reduce phone bills.
Many online retailers add a shipping and handling fee to the price of an item.
Many online retailers are against any national efforts to coordinate sales tax.
Many online retailers are new to business in general when they decide to open a doll store.
Many online retailers have associate programs.
Many online retailers monitor visitor traffic as a measure of their stores' success.
Many online retailers post their privacy policy somewhere on their web site.
Most online retailers allow cancellations in an allotted time period.
Most online retailers are honest business people.
Most online retailers organize themselves in a fashion similar to physical stores.
Some online retailers charge a single shipping fee per shipment, while others charge per item.
Some online retailers have it for preorder already.
Some online retailers offer free shipping.
Online retailing brings businesses many advantages.
Online retailing can only grow by cannibalizing traditional retailing.
Online retailing is a discount channel.
Online retailing is about targeting content to a specific audience.
Online retailing is the obvious first answer.
Online retrieval can bring significant savings by reducing internal mailing and photocopying.
Online returns are more accurate than filing a paper return.
Online revenues are insignificant compared with store revenues, but they're growing fast.
Online reviews are available for many of the cases.
Online reviews give the show high praises.
Online reviews make assessment simple.
All online reviews are available immediately for perusal and commenting.
Online romance is a weird way to meet.
Online romance is in the air in Hollywood.
Online romances do flourish, for all the reasons stated above.
Online rules are available.
Online Rules Find the lates sega games here.
Online safety is a concern for educators and parents.
Online safety is so important for kids.
Online sales allow customers to build a personalized computer online.
Online sales are also a growing source of sales for jewelers.
Online sales are too new.
Online sales are up.
Online sales are very different from sales offline.
Online sales can and do go sour.
Online sales can be a mixed blessing.
Online sales can only process one customer per transaction.
Online sales depend on traffic.
Online sales includes hats, accessories and clothing.
Online sales is complimented by the facility to visit our retail outlet.
Online sales is hampered by security issues, fraud and trust.
Online sales is just one service the store offers on the Web site.
Online sales leads.
Online sales reports, including reports for orders by date and sales summary by date.
Online sales take off with customizable e-commerce components .
Online samples are available.
Many online scams depend on fraudulent e-mails.
Most online scams are variants of ancient con jobs re-invented for the Internet.
Online scorecards support the user.
Online seances are even easier to fake than live ones.
Online search allows users to locate a nearby car dealer who specializes in automobile financing.
Online search helps people find information faster.
Online search is also available.
Online search is also possible and very fast.
Online search is included in BHA online.
Online search is part of BHA online.
Online searches are a major method of attracting internet traffic.
Online searches are free.
Online Searches are now here.
Online searches are obviously a large part of web design projects.
Online searches are part of our regular reference service.
Online searches are possible enabling retrieval of data hitherto obtained with difficulty.
Online searches can be frustrating.
Online security is given our highest attention.
Online security is still an issue.
Online sellers are under pressure to start turning a profit.
Online seminar outlines an approach for deploying an Intranet within a larger organization.
Online seminars are also available via our website.
Online Seminars Imagine attending a seminar on the Internet.
Online sermons are the future.
Online service connects high school basketball players to the right colleges.
Online service expects to grab half the Internet newcomers.
Online service is available for the ease of routine services.
Online service is available.
Online service provides for searching, downloading and so on.
Online service takes popular instant messaging service Web-wide.
Online services allow access to several hundred databases at varying prices.
Online services allow access to several hundred different databases at varying prices.
Online services are a new and emerging issue.
Online services are also a godsend to the seller.
Online services are an excellent resource for any level of investor.
Online services are analogous to newspapers and magazines.
Online services are available in the U.S. only.
Online services are available through computer stations in the library and via the Internet.
Online services are businesses.
Online services are by no means the only cyberspace locales featuring syndicated material.
Online services are essentially huge computer networks of diverse computer users.
Online services are fee-based.
Online services are great for new users.
Online services are great, but have a long way to go in the customer service dept.
Online services are helpful.
Online services are much like overgrown BBSs in that one owner controls all the content.
Online services are no better.
Online services are on their way out.
Online services are private equivalents of the public Internet.
Online services are very different creatures from Internet service providers.
Online services can do lots of things.
Online services can easily give more information or open the dialog to more information.
Online services focus on filling databases and administration.
Online services have different levels of strengths so, again, be well-informed before using one.
Online services have extensive privacy and conduct statements.
Online services have yet to take off in Japan.
Online services help e-businesses mediate customer complaints.
Online services let investors open accounts, view a market snapshot and try out a customer demo.
Online services make governments more responsive and more readily accessible to more people.
Online services offer searching across many databases simul-taneously.
Online services provide an avenue for lifelong learning and community involvement in education.
Online services provide and organize the content found on their service.
Online services provide chat areas for students to meet each other.
Online services provide their own content, plus limited access to the Internet.
Online services use technology that goes far beyond anything the average home user can acquire.
Online services vary widely as to their fees, but can offer the best deals.
Every online service provides E-mail accounts to their subscribers.
Many online services contain surcharges, or convenience fees.
Many online services do store all electronic communication that takes place on their networks.
Many online services offer registered agent services for free for the first six months.
Many online services offer starter kits for new users.
Many online services offer trial periods to evaluate the features and benefits they offer.
Most online services charge a monthly fee, along with charges for use by the hour spent online.
Most online services have a basic charge per month plus added charges for certain features.
Most online services have a chat or conference option included in their client software.
Most online services have membership directories or profiles.
Most online services have similar offerings.
Most online services have their own browsers.
Most online services provide Internet e-mail and access to the Internet.
Most online services provide varying levels of research, news and customer service.
Some online services are also available for free.
Some online services are available or more complex searches can be conducted by professionals.
Some online services are free.
Some online services charge even less.
Some online services have monthly fees, others charge by the hour for the time spent on line.
Some online services have senior citizen forums already established.
Some online services monitor their chat rooms and encourage children to report offensive chatter.
Some online services require a password available from the media center.
Some online services require a username and password.
Some online services restrict the size of messages users can send and receive.
Online sessions are much more affordable.
Online sex consists of nude women and men having sex live.
Online shipping is quick, easy and always available wherever there is Internet access.
Online shop is excellent, selling first aid kits to foreign phrase books and maps etc.
Online shop is temporarily off-line, but looks promising.
Online shops are always open.
Most online shops welcome potential buyers questions.
Online shoppers are among the most active shoppers in the world.
Online shoppers are fickle, and can lose interest in an instant.
Online shoppers are much less patient than their in-store counterpart.
Online shoppers can choose from equipment and ingredients to make beer, wine and liqueurs.
Online shoppers can redeem discounts and special offers on selected products.
Online shoppers compare tons of price information.
Online shoppers continue to be wealthier and better educated.
Online shoppers crave instant gratification like no others.
Online shoppers expect consistent service from smaller merchants too.
Online shoppers have a vast wealth of dependable information available on demand.
Online shoppers have active life style both in real and virtual life.
Online shoppers have different feelings with respect to buying groceries online.
Online shoppers have every intention of continuing their online involvement.
Online shoppers have no such option.
Online shoppers have notoriously little brand loyalty.
Online shoppers love the convenience of buying products on the Internet.
Online shoppers prefer discounts.
Online shoppers receive personalized catalog views and cross-sell recommendations .
Online shoppers show every sign of making the Internet a regular part of their shopping behavior.
Online shoppers spend hours trying to find the lowest airfare, but look no further.
Online shoppers start early Early morning races to the checkout tills.
Online shoppers tend to go directly to retailers' sites.
Online shoppers tend to stick to known quantities.
Every online shopper is different.
Most online shoppers connect to the Internet from their homes and still use relatively slow modems.
Most online shoppers prefer the convenience and ease of e-commerce.
Online shopping beats the hell out of mall shopping and in most cases there is no sales tax.
Online Shopping Buy all the latest equipment online now for some great savings.
Online shopping buys . . .
Online shopping can be a wonderful experience.
Online shopping can be cumbersome and uncertain.
Online shopping can be tremendously important as mobility decreases.
Online shopping can give new meaning to convenience and choice.
Online shopping catches the United States much faster than in Europe.
Online shopping comes naturally to young consumers.
Online shopping continues to grow exponentially.
Online shopping continues to grow in popularity.
Online shopping do's, don'ts, tips, risks and safety.
Online Shopping Find online shopping tips, auction sites and links to real and virtual shopping.
Online shopping gets kind of long and boring.
Online shopping has better security than a polling booth.
Online Shopping Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Online shopping is a fast and easy way to buy gifts at great discounts.
Online shopping is a lot safer than a lot of shopping in the real world.
Online shopping is a new traditional thing to do.
Online shopping is a new way to find steals.
Online shopping is a solution.
Online shopping is a true blessing for some and a pleasant awakening for many.
Online shopping is a very new medium.
Online shopping is a working mom's fantasy.
Online shopping is all about speed and convenience.
Online shopping is also more convenient.
Online shopping is also so much easier than taking a trip down to the shops.
Online shopping is always the easiest.
Online shopping is another story, though.
Online shopping is another upcoming possibility.
Online shopping is available for all other bridal necessities.
Online shopping is available for books, food, and wine.
Online shopping is available in Switzerland.
Online shopping is available on our site as well as our mail order, and fax options.
Online shopping is available.
Online shopping is clearly the wave of the future.
Online shopping is convenient and secure.
Online shopping is convenient and very safe.
Online shopping is convenient, easy and secure.
Online shopping is convenient, easy, and fun.
Online shopping is convenient, easy, enjoyable AND secure.
Online shopping is easy and secure and our prices are always competitive.
Online shopping is fast, easy and stress-free.
Online shopping is fast, safe and convenient.
Online shopping is fast, safe and Secure.
Online shopping is faster, cheaper and better.
Online shopping is fun to use.
Online shopping is growing rapidly, people no longer have to wait in lines and worry about crowds.
Online shopping is here.
Online shopping is limited to the countries listed above.
Online shopping is made easy in a variety of fashions.
Online shopping is made simple through the internet.
Online shopping is more likely to result in offline purchasing than online sales.
Online shopping is no longer a solitary experience.
Online shopping is nothing new.
Online shopping is nowhere by comparison.
Online shopping is offered and also lists other locations where the products are sold.
Online shopping is offered.
Online shopping is one of the hottest things happening today.
Online shopping is possible.
Online shopping is safe.
Online shopping is simple.
Online shopping is still an uncertain business model.
Online shopping is still new for most people.
Online shopping is still small, but booming.
Online shopping is subject to the same laws that apply to phone or mail order shopping.
Online shopping is the business everyone is talking about.
Online shopping is the holy grail of just about every big online player.
Online shopping is the same.
Online shopping is the ultimate convenience.
Online shopping is the wave of the future - and the future is now.
Online shopping IS the way of the future.
Online shopping is up.
Online shopping is very similar to buying from mail order catalog.
Online shopping is what s in store.
Online shopping is wonderful.
Online shopping presents new challenges for the shopper.
Online shopping provides an attractive shopping environment.
Online shopping remains low on the list.
Online Shopping Welcome to our secure online catalog.
Online simulations can enhance performance and provide real-world experience concurrently.
Online singles can take control by being in control.
Online site contains some of the articles from the printed magazine.
Online site does try to make math and science bearable.
Online site features a buyer's guide and recent articles.
Online site features reviews, news, interviews, exclusive audio and official artist sites.
Online site features select articles and classified section from print version.
Online site has a minor problem.
Online site includes catalog, store events, gift certificates and so much more.
Online site includes special features.
Online site offers government publications on a broad range of addictions and audiences.
Online site provides a listing of public libraries which offer Internet access.
Online site reports and some select monographs are also available.
Online site take a look.
Online sites are to be the only sources used.
Online sites average six to eight human touchpoints in the returns process.
Online sites can be much more than that.
Online sites do that with branding.
Online sites shine when they offer interactivity and access to current news and legislation.
Many online sites ask the consumer for information before they can make purchases.
Online society is a fair mirror of offline society.
Online software upgrade capability.
Online solutions are on reserve.
Online solutions vary.
Online sources allow students access to archival material and to Web-based learning sources.
Online sources are also available that can help improve personal statements and essays.
Online sources are also better able to respond to individual interests.
Online sources change constantly.
Online sources get special mention in the report.
Online sources is a collection of good links to follow for more.
Online sources make it easy for decorators of all calibers to adorn their homes with new life.
Online sources provide peer communication, anonymity, convenience, and rapid responses.
Online Sources Try to use online sources to supplement sources already found in previous research.
All online source are hyperlinked where applicable.
Online space is limitless.
Online specials change every two weeks.
Online spenders have more money.
Online sponsorships are available .
Online staff can assist faculty in the permissions process.
Online staffs bring a new dimension.
Online statistics are updated real-time for exact tracking of performance.
Online stock offers.
Online storage has the potential to improve data access.
Online storage is also an ideal backup tool, especially for road warriors.
Online storage is available for free and as a rental item on the Internet.
Online storage is guaranteed .
Online storage is much more expensive than local hard disk.
Online storage is provided for academic purposes.
Online storage is so new, though, that even the best site has flaws.
Online storage solves that problem most conveniently.
Online store allows users to shop for pro audio gear, hi-fi equipment, music and books about audio.
Online store carries a wide selection of vintage and present board games.
Online store features plants, seeds, bulbs, tools, garden furniture and accessories.
Online store has bags, knives, tools and more.
Online store has complete product listings.
Online store has everything from favors to tiaras.
Online store has the advantage to show more goods than the physical store.
Online store includes wines, novelty items.
Online store is available.
Online store is currently under construction.
Online store offers books, tapes, periodicals and other Catholic media.
Online store offers books, videos, toys, games and party goods.
Online store offers current and retired pieces, as well as store specials.
Online store offers specials, newsletters and secure shopping.
Online store retails kick boxing videos and workout CDs.
Online store sells greeting cards for grandchildren to send to grandchildren.
Online store serving the United States sells drum sets, drum sticks and drum accessories.
Online store stocks a full range of software and brand merchandise.
Online stores are always hard at work.
Online stores are always open.
Online stores are easy to manage, open around the clock and accessible from anywhere worldwide.
Online stores are normally cheaper.
Online stores are only as good as their fulfillment systems and staff.
Online stores are quick to set up and fun to maintain when using redtienda.
Online stores are undependable.
Online stores have a nearly unlimited potential customer base.
Online stores have much less overhead than the traditional stores.
Online stores have to be as omnipresent as traditional stores.
Online stores provide poor after sales services.
Online stores receive high marks for solid business practices.
Online stores require the ability to accept payments in cyberspace.
Online stores suggest products based on what that individual has already bought.
All online stores list only sell authentic japanese pencil boards.
Many online stores are too large to personally answer questions about their products and policies.
Many online stores fail the first year, but the job outlook remains bright.
Many online stores have what's known as a secure page.
Many online stores offer big discounts on orders from their Websites.
Many online stores provide little support for effective information querying of their databases.
Many online stores sell at great prices but add high shipping and handling charges.
Most online stores are also now out of stock.
Most online stores can also profit by getting links from related sites.
Most online stores discount their merchandise.
Most online stores offer a discount.
Most online stores offer customer reviews about the product.
Most online stores offer users the ability to connect to the store in a secure mode.
Some online stores can even deliver perishable items like meat and vegetables.
Some online stores offer occasional coupons and special offers.
Some online stores precalculate tax and shipping expenses.
Online Storefronts Learn what it takes to produce a successful e-commerce online storefront.
Online students access course work and self-administer quizzes and final exams to complete a class.
Online students are able to request materials and gain access to a librarian.
Online students are as busy, or busier than anyone else in today's hurried world is.
Online students are extremely sensitive to price and convenience.
Online students are typically the same students seen on any college campus.
Online students are welcome to attend regular lectures on campus, space permitting.
Online students are welcome to participate in the graduation ceremony.
Online students benefit from the same student services as on-campus students.
Online students can access academic advising by phone or e-mail.
Online students can access the library and do research from the comfort of their home.
Online students can enroll in no more than two nursing classes a semester.
Online students can hold full-time jobs while continuing their education.
Online students can view the text from the old forum , going to the commcenter.
Online students do have access to the campus library and computer labs.
Online students enjoy the unparalleled convenience of commuting to class by modem.
Online students fall into two main groups.
Online students fare better .
Online students get access to libraries, a campus network, advisers, tutoring, and career guidance.
Online students get to participate in electronic discussions on equal terms.
Online students have access to a help desk for technical problems.
Online students have an additional orientation using a computer.
Online students have regular access to technical assistance by email and by phone.
Online students have the same assignments, deadlines, and examinations as local students.
Online students have to learn everything from the Web page.
Online students have two options for taking the required proctored exam.
Online students help decide the route.
Online students pay more but get less.
Online students satisfy identical requirements as the students that are on-campus.
Online students say whatever, and whenever, and that's troubling.
Online students seeking to affiliate with a sports team have several options.
Online students tend to be adults with families and jobs.
Online students work at their own pace with time tables and deadlines set by the instructor.
All online students are welcome to visit and interact in the meetings.
Many online students are online because of schedule restraints.
Many online students insist they have never studied harder.
Most online students complete a degree within two years.
Online study can be expensive.
Online study guides plus monthly rock star interviews and an active discussion board.
Online study is a big step up from the correspondence schools of another era.
Online study is no easier than studying via print materials or on-campus.
Online submission is also available.
Online submission is available through a link at the conference website.
Online submission is encouraged.
Online submission is in the works.
Online submission is now in operation.
Online submission is now open.
Online submission sends PDF form data directly to the server.
Online submission suffices.
Online submissions are preferred, but snail mail is OK too.
Online submissions are preferred.
Online submissions are very straight forward and helpful.
Online subscribers can access their services through the navigation bar to the left.
Online subscribers get same day access to the paper without mail delays.
Online subscribers growing The evidence today is that newspaper content does have a place online.
Online subscribers pay a monthly fee to access the on-demand archive of seminars.
Online subscribers receive access to additional online content.
Online subscribers receive the newsletter more than a week earlier than the postal format.
Online subscription access the most current information online updated on a continuous basis.
Online subscription is available for the global audience.
Online subscription is available from the site.
Online subscription is available.
Online subscription is possible, however.
Online subscription is required.
Online subscriptions are available only to shipping addresses within the United States.
Online subscriptions are free.
Online subscriptions are still a tough sell.
Online subscriptions come free with the institutional print subscription.
Online substitutions are also available.
Online success is the result of the experience provided to the customer.
Online success means making intelligent business decisions.
Online suppliers mimic paper catalogs.
Online suppliers offer other unique features.
Online supplies store for consumable products for neurology, neurophysiology and brain research.
Online support can be very comforting.
Online support group- large active private support group with hundreds of participants.
Online support has some advantages.
Online support includes driver updates, FAQs and some helpful tech-support forums.
Online support includes setting up the software, the servers, and the passwords.
Online support is also available depending on location.
Online support is also available for clients.
Online support is also available.
Online support is always available to answer any questions.
Online support is always free.
Online support is available at a small charge.
Online support is available for our clients via a private web site.
Online support is available with file download capability .
Online support is available, but as usual, it is kind of hard to find populated servers.
Online support is available.
Online support is easy to understand and additional tech support is available via email.
Online support is excellent.
Online support is free.
Online support is limited.
Online support is now available for clients and evaluators through the Web.
Online support is provided by e-mail.
Online support is provided via newsgroups.
Online support is provided via our extensive support and troubleshooting libraries.
Online support is somewhat of a paradox in today's world.
Online surfers purchase excellent language software at extremely reduced prices.
Online survey Allows subscribers to set up their own online voting.
Online survey is for informational purposes only.
Online survey shows details of health content retrievers.
Online surveys are available to help evaluate the effectiveness of delivered services.
Online surveys are faster to complete and can be targeted to a better or more specific group.
Online surveys are fun.
Online surveys are significantly lower in cost than more traditional types of surveys.
Online surveys are skewed, and existing studies have failed to provide an accurate analysis.
Online surveys can be a great source of low-cost market research information.
Online surveys guarantee compliance as well as privacy and security of information.
Online surveys match voters with candidates who best share their views.
Online surveys offer powerful advantages over phone or paper based surveys.
Online surveys provide cost-effective solutions to data gathering processes.
Online surveys tend to return more results than traditional survey methods.
Any online surveys ask visitors for demographic information, such as location, age, employer etc.
Online synchronization is transparent to users.
Online syndication is here to stay and almost all Internet businesses can benefit from it.
Online syndication promises to be a major market for publishers.
Online syndication takes off The idea of online content syndicates is heating up in Europe.
Online system provides interpreters global access to oil company data.
Online systems are hot.
Online systems are nowhere near the quality of an e-dat systems.
Online systems can help people find others who share their concerns and interests.
Online systems have additional flexibility.
Online systems provide responses to user input commands or queries.
Online systems save time, money and paper by automatically transferring information to the database.
All online systems tend to fail to cohere without careful intervention.
Any online system has to be able to prevent people from casting more than one vote.
Online tackle is discounted.
Online tasks require user input and are typically used for browsing, selecting, and editing records.
Online tastings Come try a few beers with moderators from across the country.
Online teacher helps and resources, especially aimed at reaching children.
Online teachers are responsible for the social interactions among students in an online class.
Online teachers monitor progress and help students throughout the course.
Online teachers search, and product ordering.
Online teaching makes it possible to reach unlimited numbers.
Online techniques contrast with offline assessments, which form the core of clinical practice.
Online technologies are a very effective means for cost-reduction.
Online technologies are dynamic and are in a state of continuous evolution.
Online technologies can help make involvement easier for already overworked parents.
Online technologies enable interaction with other students and course instructors.
Online technology allows far-reaching profiling of private behavior.
Online technology can provide benefits to readers unavailable in print media.
Online technology has the potential to break down traditional barriers faced by clients.
Online telecommunications cost management services.
Online telephone directories Algeria - Bus.
Some online telephone directories with links to the search pages.
Online testing allows students to type in responses.
Online testing is also available as a screening option.
Online testing is done after that to unsure bug free application.
Online testing is increasingly important in the online course world.
Online testing is nothing new.
Online testing is now available for print-based courses.
Online testing is the joint responsibility of the Cisco authorized personnel and the customer.
Online testing means accurate, consistant, and hassle-free grading.
Online testing offers benefits to both the student and instructor.
Online testing offers flexibility and immediate score results.
Online testing offers immediate feedback on the reader's progress.
Online testing save money over time.
Online text directories of Canadian victim assistance services, listed by province, where available.
Online texts are also welcome.
Online texts get all the attention.
Online theft is the exact same thing, only online.
Online therapy can be a more powerful, quicker change agent than traditional psychotherapy .
Online therapy clicks The practice of Internet counseling is expanding amid controversy.
Online therapy is available to private pay clients only.
Online therapy is dangerous, critics say.
Online therapy is definitely very focused and short term.
Online therapy provides chat sessions to discuss bereavement issues for a fee.
Online therapy uses the richness of language to help bring about change in the client's life.
Online tickets are in the works.
All online tickets are redeemable through date shown on screen.
Online time is counted from the time of authentication to the time of disconnection.
Online time is limited to sixty minutes per visit.
Online time is scarce.
Online time is time well spent, say adults with disabilities.
Online tools allow users to analyze that information.
Online tools are available for working with small text files.
Online tools are available to define areas of interest and search for specific geographic content.
Online tools bring money management into focus.
Online tools can help streamline press coverage tracking, but the Internet offers more avenues.
Online tools can support group collaborative work.
Online tools can unearth the vast resources of the Web.
Online tools created by the giant shippers help track orders after they are sent out.
Online tools perform their work for a user at a web site.
Some online tools can help.
Online tours follow stages of a pet's life with lessons in care and training.
Online tourists choose which places to explore and fully control the zoomable camera.
Online tracking can be an early warning of future news stories.
Online tracking has tremendous commercial potential.
Online tracking is also available.
Online tracking is available here .
Online tracking requires an informed view rather than finding and downloading data.
Online trade poses a threat to biosecurity in New Zealand.
Online traders are in.
Online traders can profit from our extensive free business, technology, and financial resources.
Online traders have only themselves to blame.
Online traders lag the indexes by an average three percentage points.
Online traders trade more.
Online trading can become so seductive it is actually gambling rather than investing.
Online trading changes the investment scenario.
Online trading continues to explode.
Online trading enhances company image of being on the cutting edge.
Online trading gives investors the opportunity to decide for themselves where their money is put.
Online trading has other pitfalls beside the obvious potential to lose hard-earned money.
Online trading has the dangers inherent to lead to impulse over trading.
Online trading imposes significant system development and advertisement expenses.
Online trading is a hot topic.
Online trading is a viable investing business.
Online trading is also now available.
Online trading is arguably complex.
Online trading is available to account holders.
Online trading is cheap, it's easy and it gives investors new power to control their finances.
Online trading is enormously popular, and powerful desktop analysis tools are in high demand.
Online trading is fun.
Online trading is funky.
Online trading is the last to be posted online.
Online trading is the next step but that's a separate discussion.
Online trading makes stock broker obsolete.
Online trading offers significant benefits over traditional methods.
Online trading Paying high commission rates is about as much fun as paying taxes.
Online trading requires free proprietary software.
Online Trading Visit our directory of online trading sites.
Online trading works very simple.
Online traffic proves that most people visit only a couple of websites.
Online training automates auditing the organization s certification requirements.
Online training can also provide a resource for customers and suppliers.
Online training can be a very rewarding experience for students who follow some simple guidelines.
Online training can be the prime way for delivering and moderating collaborative projects.
Online training can save time.
Online training can slash travel costs and make training available anytime, anywhere.
Online training costs a fraction of traditional training methods.
Online training costs about half that amount.
Online training covers introductory classes and advanced tutorials.
Online training has great advantages for the members.
Online training is a course or series of courses designed to teach specific skills.
Online training is a growing market in Germany.
Online training is a potent solution.
Online training is also available over the web.
Online training is also available.
Online training is an alternative to traditional classroom-based learning.
Online training is available upon request.
Online training is available via the site as well, another new revenue source.
Online training is available.
Online training is one of the top growth areas on the Internet.
Online training is part of the distance learning experience.
Online training is the latest innovation in education.
Online training is very convenient, affordable and fast.
Online training keeps time out of the office to a minimum.
Online training log with running calculators and recommendations.
Online training offers the ultimate flexibility.
Online training sounds like a good deal for the student.
Online transaction reports.
Online transactions are secure on the consumer side due to encryption built into most web browsers.
Online transactions are still difficult within India.
Online transactions change the way things are done.
Online transactions do have limitations, though.
All online transactions are completely secure.
All online transactions are secure.
All online transactions are through our secure server.
All online transactions are via a secure server.
Every online transaction is secure.
Online transcript is available.
Online transfers Save time.
Online translation dictionaries fare better.
Online translation dictionaries.
Every online translation goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Online Translator Use Babylonet tm to translate english words into eight other languages.
Online travel is big business, and it's getting bigger.
Online travel is one of the fastest growing e-tailing segments of the Internet.
Online travel is one of the fastest-growing segments of the travel industry.
Online travellers prefer less direct forms of advertising.
Online travelogue favorites now available.
Online tuition is based on the college and level of the course.
Online tutors are also available for live chat sessions as well.
Most online tutors use a combination of tools to communicate.
Online tutorial contains a lot of information.
Online tutorial includes color healing chart with chakra number, color, and effect.
Online tutorials are also available for students to improve technology skills.
Online tutorials are also available on the Patterns homepage.
Online tutorials are also available.
Online tutorials are available and High Logic's customer service seems quite good.
Online tutorials are available.
Online tutorials are now available for our instruments.
Online tutorials educate sutdents about the library and other topics.
Online tutorials look like the direction of the committee.
Online tutorials make it easy to create presentations, art projects and proposals.
Online tutorials offer education anywhere, anytime and at no cost.
Online tutorials provide a student resource.
Online tutorials provide instruction for searching our resources, including our online catalog.
Online tutorials teach basic Internet use.
Many online tutorials are available here .
Online understandings can turn just as sour as their veritable counterparts, of course.
Online units offer the most protection, since they run constantly.
Online universities are the most flexible.
Online universities bring convenience and expertise to learners around the world.
Some online universities are scams in disguise.
Online update downloads the latest updates from our ftp.
Online updates are also available.
Online updates are available at the book's corresponding web site maintained by author.
Online updates are available.
Online updates are monthly.
Online updates delivers the latest functionality via the Internet.
Online updates occur weekly.
Online upgrades are far easier, faster, and less expensive than upgrades through the mails.
Online usage is updated once daily at midnight.
Online users access the Web site and enter a zip code.
Online users are also more active politically than the general population.
Online users are always ready and able to step in.
Online users are more tolerant people.
Online users are the most frequent of all computer users.
Online users are vulnerable to being targeted as cyberstalking victims in three areas.
Online users are willing to contribute to pay for it.
Online users become more and more entertainment driven.
Online users can pan, tilt and zoom the view of the camera via their Web browser.
Online users can search by ecoregion, habitat type, ZIP code, or place name.
Online users can search through job notices by type of job notice, type of contract, and by state.
Online users continue to be concerned about their privacy and the security of their online data.
Online users expect to be provided with easy to find and use feedback tools.
Online users expect to see a navigation bar to the left of the screen.
Online users have a very low tolerance for slow sites.
Online users have to search for hours in order to find a good site with trivia questions.
Online users know the technology.
Online users list.
Online users receive a special low rate on cellular service.
Online users spend more time then ever on the Internet.
Online users tend to be more highly educated and more well off than the general population.
Online users tend to forget or make mistakes when the username is too long.
Online users tend to only register if they think they're getting something worthwhile.
All online users are members.
Most online users are there for a purpose.
Most online users expect the firms with which they do business to offer online services.
Online venders have some tasks to do for their business.
Online vendors are vendors.
Online vendors depend upon the security of credit card transactions in conducting business.
Online vendors pay a commission to charity malls for exposure to caring shoppers.
Some online vendors are honest and fair about how they charge for shipping.
Online ventures lose edge as they get popular with main-stream audiences.
Online venues seeking content help can search the database.
Many online venues are small operations with small or nonexistent budgets.
Online version carries selected articles from the print edition as well as online-only features.
Online version contains links to documents and information sources elsewhere.
Online version features articles, editorials, and online subscription to the real thing.
Online version features select articles.
Online version has full text of only certain sections.
Online version has major stories, classifieds and local calendar of events.
Online version includes a description of the magazine and contents listing for the current issue.
Online version includes a good range of selected articles from the print edition.
Online version includes a range of selected articles from print edition.
Online version includes a short description of the magazine.
Online version includes all sections of the newspaper, including editorials and opinions.
Online version includes current stories, column, newspaper's classified ads.
Online version includes current stories, editorials, sports, letters to editor and more.
Online version includes free clipart, and software download links.
Online version includes illustrations and preserves pagination, but spelling is modernized.
Online version includes index.
Online version includes of the print content, plus daily updates and tidbits, plus message boards.
Online version includes searchable archive of back issues.
Online version includes selected local news, sports, and feature stories, and obituaries.
Online version is a searchable database.
Online version is abbreviated form.
Online version is available only in the library.
Online version is finished.
Online version is here .
Online version is in English only.
Online version is more current than in family history centers.
Online version is somewhat behind.
Online version is underdevelopment.
Online version is updated two times a week.
Online version lists largest companies within industries.
Online version offers samples of each issue.
Online version offers weather forecasts, agricultural reports and other seasonal features.
Online version provides a comprehensive index to the printed volumes.
Online version provides access to most sections of the paper.
Online version provides complete text for many short articles.
Online version provides selected reviews, award winners, wonderful art.
Online version requires registration but is free to use.
Online versions are also available for some publications.
Online versions are available at here and here .
Online versions are available free of charge.
Online versions are available.
Online versions are searchable and are generally more up to date than other versions.
Online versions score automatically.
Some online versions are new and their period of coverage is short.
Online video sells product.
Online videos cover the different stages of the dissection.
Online viewers can see live images broadcast from a bustling crush pad or busy wine cellar.
Online viewers select one of the images for projection onto the soil containing the seed.
Online visitors can experience the thrill of discovery via interactive games and activities.
Online visitors can learn about medical breakthroughs or read nutritional advice.
Online visitors can search the collection by specific artist, title, or a combination of criteria.
Online visitors can see a lot more than what used to hang on the walls.
Online visitors can study the culture, peruse an art gallery and book a desert tour.
Online volunteers expect a quick response.
Online Volunteers find tools to track and evaluate assignments here.
Online volunteers use a variety of computers, software and operating systems.
Online votes take far more time than a show of hands.
Online voters are younger, more affluent, more educated and weighted with males.
Online voters select one male and one female winner to get the chance of a lifetime.
Online voting can only take place during the Online Voting Period.
Online voting can put the process back in the hands of constituencies.
Online voting has the potential to change the political landscape.
Online voting has the unique advantage of providing unlimited information on the e-ballot.
Online voting is certainly in our future as well.
Online voting is definitely more efficient.
Online voting is several years away.
Online voting is technologically tricky.
Online voting saves time and increases participation.
Online waivers have yet to be fully challenged in a court of law.
Online web based support is also available during scheduled hours on a real time basis.
Online web calendars for appointments, dates, and schedules.
Online web calendars for appointments, dates, plans, and schedules.
Online webpages are the easiest, and reach the most people.
Online website provides links to genetic support groups with organizational web pages.
Many online websites are supporters of the blue ribbon campaign for free speech.
Online work focuses on dates, people, vocabulary, and events related to the time period.
Online work focuses on shopping for future careers.
Online work presents several economic concepts relevant to young adults starting out in life.
Online workshop includes instructions, a gallery and information for ordering necessary tools.
Online workshops are also available in voice and on live web cam.
Online workshops are available year-round.
Online workshops are Web-based instruction.
Most online workshops operate via email, and require specific levels of participation.
Online writers can and do make competitive salaries if they work hard enough and know where to look.
Online writing is revolutionary - and no solitary affair.
Online youth are no longer a segment, but they have become the mainstream.
Only native mammals have spines.
Only people care for babies.
Only people enter rooms.
Only people lose people.
Only people press buttons.
Only people press control buttons.
Onlyenrolled students have access to the chat rooms.
Onlyest heroes is dead heroes.
Onomastic conclusions are often flawed where patronymic surnames are concerned.
Onomastic conclusions are often in error where patronymic surnames are concerned.
ONP fiber is very fine and created a problem in draining the water off on the forming line.
OnParseBegin event occurs just before parsing starts.
Onrus beach is popular with local body boarders and surfers.
Onsen pictures are also some of the most dangerous.
Onset Island has electricity, phones and running water.
Onset of action is generally two to four weeks after treatment is started.
Onset of action is generally within min.
Onset of action is immediate and stops quickly when the infusion is discontinued.
Onset of action is in a half hour.
Onset of action is reported to be within a few minutes.
Onset of action is within approx.
An onset is a start
Onset begins in children and young adults.
Onset can be acute and sudden, or gradual over several days.
Onset can be at any season but most frequently occurs in summer or autumn.
Onset can be earlier as symptoms usually go unrecognized at first.
Onset can be gradual or sudden.
Onset can be immediate or within weeks after an injury.
Onset can be sudden and the impact significant to both lifestyle and the capacity to work.
Onset can be weeks to years after tick bite.
Onset depends on the type of diabetes a patient has.
Onset develops and markets voice and text recognition technologies.
Onset is abrupt and includes fever, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, and abdominal discomfort.
Onset is abrupt or subacute.
Onset is apt to be indolent.
Onset is cyclic with recurrent episodes.
Onset is in adolescence with very slow progression and generally normal life span.
Onset is in childhood.
Onset is in infancy, however, intelligence is normal.
Onset is in late childhood and progression is slow.
Onset is in the fifth through sixth decades, usually associated with emotional stress.
Onset isa beginning.
Onset occurs after infancy, and there is preservation of intellectual level and sensory functioning.
Onset occurs in childhood or in early adult years.
Onset refers to when the insulin starts to work.
Onset reserves the right to change product specifications without prior notice.
Onsets are all the letters up to the first vowel and rime is the rest of the word.
Onsets are consonants and consonant clusters found at the beginning of single-syllable words.
Onsets are starts.
Onsets bring harvest.
Onsets result from deposition.
Most onsets bring harvest.
Most onsets result from deposition.
Some onsets affect pigs.
Some onsets bring development.
Some onsets cause inflammation.
Some onsets depend on availability.
Some onsets enhance quality.
Some onsets occur after weeks.
Some onsets occur in summer.
Some onsets provide evidence.
Onshore applicants arrive unauthorised in Australia and seek asylum from the authorities on arrival.
Onshore breezes are key.
Onshore exploration is conducted only in the winter.
Onshore flow refers to air flow from the water onto the shore.
Any onshore flow is likely to produce precipitation in the Panhandle.
All onshore jobs involve processing work.
Onshore pollution threatens drinking water quality and limits recreational use of beaches and lakes.
Onshore pressure can raft or pile the ice,and people stay well away from such activity.
Onshore wildlife is equally abundant.
Onshore winds are thought to cause cercariae to accumulate along shorelines.
Onshore winds blow sediments from the beach, helping to form dunes.
Onshore winds can blow steam plumes onto the land, causing visibility to be limited.
Onshore winds carry it further inland forming and enhancing dunes.
Onshore winds cause random wave breaking patterns and are more suitable for experienced surfers.
Onshore winds cause waves.
Onsite accommodation is available.
Onsite accommodations are available in the form of lodges and condominiums.
Onsite accommodations are available to interns at no charge.
Onsite accommodations are available.
Onsite assistance is also available.
Onsite assistance is an excellent opportunity to experience a one to one training ratio.
Onsite attendance is mandatory.
Onsite auctions allow players to bid on prizes with coins in the game.
Onsite Benefits Welcome the attendees to the event.
Onsite calibration is on availability basis.
Onsite camping comes with regular conference fee below.
Onsite classes are a great way to jump-start productivity and collaboration.
Onsite classes are available upon request.
Onsite classes are free .
Onsite configuration is available for an additional fee and is done by appointment only.
Onsite consultation is by appointment.
Onsite courses necessitate the use of computer labs.
Onsite courses tailored for individual utility needs are also available.
Onsite demonstrations are available.
Onsite evacuation is initiated if indicated to be necessary by actual or projected doses.
Onsite expertise speeds time to production and reduces mean time to problem resolution.
Onsite facilities are available to copy from print, microform and CD-ROM resources.
Onsite facility provides a wide range of medical services.
Onsite investigation is needed to determine the suitability for most uses.
Onsite links are designated blue , offsite links are brown .
Onsite links are designated blue, offsite links are brown.
Onsite lodge is ideal for divers on a budget.
Onsite maintenance is available for corporate and mission critical applications.
Onsite massage is available.
Onsite orientation is required.
Onsite parking is a huge competetive advantage in Cripple Creek gaming.
Onsite parking is available for visitors.
Onsite parking is available.
Onsite parking is readily available.
Onsite parking is very limited, but there is ample street parking available close by.
Onsite personnel maintain the properties daily.
Onsite recreation includes spa, croquet, tennis, library, board games.
Onsite registration is acceptable.
Onsite registration is also available.
Onsite registration is available at higher rates.
Onsite registration is available each day.
Onsite registration is available.
Onsite registration is based on space availability.
Onsite registration is still available.
Onsite registration is subject to space availability.
Onsite registration leaves a lasting impression.
Onsite registration takes place throughout the week of the conference.
Onsite reps are the best source for specific questions regarding schedules.
Onsite resources are available to local businesses.
Onsite restaurant sells alcohol.
Onsite service is also available.
Onsite service is available for industrial equipment.
Onsite service is available in any location if travel expenses are paid.
Onsite service is available to our local New York customers.
Onsite service is included as an option in all our price quotes.
Onsite service is our main objective.
Onsite service is subject to local area only.
Onsite services are also eligible for tax exemption.
Onsite services are available.
Onsite setup is also available.
Onsite speakers can counter the lack of information, misinformation or criticism.
Onsite staff provide daily task specific supervision.
Onsite support is also available.
Onsite support is available at a small charge.
Onsite support is available, as is drop off service for any school computers.
Onsite tests show water is potable enough to use in hot water system.
Onsite testing follows the same procedures.
Onsite training is also available upon the demand of the service and production sectors.
Onsite training is also available.
Onsite training is also convenient and cost effective.
Onsite training is available for an additional charge.
Onsite training is available when agreed on.
Onsite training is available.
Onsite training is highly recommended.
Onsite training is made available free of charge.
Onsite training is priced on a per student basis and requires a four student minimum.
Onsite transportation consumes the most distillate fuel oil in the non-process category.
Onsite users have access to hundreds of databases .
Onsite visibility includes signage, sponsor banners and conference handouts.
Onsite visits enhance the quality of our service by reinforcing our commitment to active partners.
An onslaught is trouble
Onslaught is very hard too.
Onstage sound is incredibly loud.
Any onstage storage is at the expense of either stage or seating space.
Ontario isa thing.
Ontogenetic development is therefore a universal phenomenon determined by basic cellular properties.
Ontogenetic events play a profound role in several ways.
Ontogenetic stage represents another potential bias in the dataset.
Ontogenetic viruses are, for example, present in mammalian cell strains used in vaccine production.
Ontogeny constrains the systemic protease inhibitor response in Nicotiana attenuata.
Ontogeny follows phylogeny.
Ontogeny is a biological process
Ontogeny is another name for embryonic development.
Ontogeny is another variability which has gone to extremes in skates.
Ontogeny is the study of the development of an adult organism from a single-celled zygote.
Ontogeny is thus the developmental process of a multicellular organism.
Ontogeny recapitualtes phylogeny.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, as the psychoanalyists say.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogony.
Ontogeny recaptulates phylogeny, in interactive media as in biological media.
Ontological agnosticism is more candid.
Ontological arguments are common currency.
Ontological conventionalism posits a world that is historicist and conventional to the core.
Ontological kinds are something like essences.
Ontological plurality is necessary to couple any theory of time with theories of other domains.
Ontological possibilities have the form of the future.
Ontological relativism commits to a pragmatic notion of identity.
Ontological truth is defined as the conformity of a thing to the mind.
Ontological uncertainty is a matter of degree.
Ontological uncertainty is a misnomer.
Ontology editors help human knowledge engineers to develop and maintain ontologies.
An ontology is philosophy
Ontologies are arrangements.
Ontologies are formal data structures used to define terminology.
Ontologies are potentially reusable pieces of domain knowledge.
Ontologies establish a joint terminology between members of a community of interest.
Ontologies provide an important resource to integrate information.
Ontologies provide specification of concepts in domain.
Ontologies provide such additional information.
Ontologies provide support in integrating heterogeneous and distributed information sources.
Ontologies provide the basis for the many indexing schemes that are possible.
Ontologies seek to create and share terminology and meaning within a group or organization.
Ontology can also be a classification that the information in an information source is based on.
Ontology can be relatively simple or it can be quite complex.
Ontology can be relatively simple, or it can be quite complex.
Ontology concerns the significant factors in global political economy.
Ontology covers the design and implementation of ontologies in bioinformatics.
Ontology deals with such notions as time, space, substance, thing, motion, and change .
Ontology emerges from epistemology when organisms evolve sufficiently to conceptualize.
Ontology establishes categories .
Ontology establishes categories.
Ontology has to do with the nature of our substance, our being, as persons.
Ontology is a fancy word for the science of being.
Ontology is a fundamental interpretation of the ultimate constituents of the world of experience.
Ontology is a general study of substance.
Ontology is a word adopted by researchers in artificial intelligence and knowledge representation.
Ontology is accused of dealing with the merely abstract.
Ontology is common vocabulary.
Ontology is cultural.
Ontology is defined in various ways by different people.
Ontology is more than an assumption.
Ontology is the branch of metaphysics that examines the nature of reality.
Ontology is the branch of philosophy that addresses the question of being.
Ontology is the field of metaphysics about what exists.
Ontology is the newest label to be attached to some knowledge organization systems.
Ontology is the philosophical study of what can be considered real.
Ontology is the study of being and, in particular, the investigation of the nature of being human.
Ontology is the study of being.
Ontology is the study of essence, and economy is the study of function.
Ontology is the study of existence.
Ontology is the study of the kinds of things that exist.
Ontology is the study of the philosophy of being.
Ontology is the study of what exists.
Ontology is the theory of being.
Ontology is too serious a thing to let the ontologists manage it.
Ontology isa cognition.
Ontology isa knowledge.
Ontology learning greatly facilitates the construction of ontologies.
Ontology means world view.
Ontology plays an important role in knowledge sharing and reuse.
Ontology plays several roles critical to overcoming the drawbacks which the current IESs have.
Ontology recapitulates phylogeny and all that.
Ontology refers to existence and to being.
Ontology refers to that branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of existence.
Ontology simply endeavours to make that rudimentary knowledge more distinct and complete.
Ontology specifies the structures of terms in the glossary with more rigorous definitions.
Ontology studies the laws of dependence among different levels.
Most ontologies represent and support relationships among classes of meaning.
Some ontologies are more useful than others.
An onus is worry
More onus is put upon the applicant.
Onward entry points actual transportation cost incurred is added.
An onychophoran is an arthropod
Onychophorans are exceedingly rare and probably endangered in many habitats.
Onychophorans are generally blue, black, green or orange.
Onychophorans are typically sexually dimorphic, females are larger than males.
Onychophorans resemble soft-bodied, unsegmented centipedes or caterpillars.
Onyx formations can take many different shapes, depending on the way the water comes into the cave.
An onyx is quartz
ONYX approaches the aforementioned short-term cost reductions through improved efficiencies .
ONYX proposes to address three areas to improve our efficiencies.
ONYX provides an array of features that make it suitable for a wide range of applications.
ONYX provides an unsurpassed depth and breadth of industrial services.
Onyxs are bands.
Onyxs are minerals.
Onyxs are software.
Some onyx also displays white bands or ribbons against a black background.
Onza bar ends, Hyperlite bars.
Onze planning is om gastsprekers uit te nodigen of forums te organiseren.
Onze professionals hebben elk in verschillende sectoren veel ervaring opgedaan.
Onze website wordt geheel vernieuwd maar is nog onder constructie.
Oocyte maturation is the following phase of oocyte development.
Oocyte maturation resumes when sperm are introduced by mating.
An oocyte is a gametocyte
Oocyte ageing before fertilization is the main factor responsible for chromosomal anomalies.
Oocyte is the largest human cell and is just visible to the naked eye.
Oocyte isa cell.
Oocyte recipiecy versus natural conception.
Oocytes are formed in the ovaries, a part of female reproductive system.
Oocytes are gametocytes.
Oocytes are produced inside the body and remain inside mesogloea waiting for fertilization.
Oocytes are small, fragile and difficult to culture.
Oocytes contain sporozoites.
Oocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Oocytes have (part) chromatin.
Oocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Oocytes have (part) corpi.
Oocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Oocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Oocytes have (part) lobes.
Oocytes have (part) nuclei.
Oocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Oocytes have (part) sections.
Oocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Oocytes originate in the ovaries.
Oocytes provide virtually all the mitochondria of the zygote at the time of fertilization.
Oocytes range from pale yellow to white or orange and appear slightly granular.
Oocytes vastly increase in size during vitellogenesis.
Most oocytes are in tandem arrangement.
Some oocytes fail to resume meiosis.
Some oocytes have multiple nuclei , although it is thought they never mature.
O'odham speakers tend to be older people, but many infants continue to acquire O'odham.
Oogamous fertilization produces a zygote, which germi- nates to form the sporophyte plant.
All oogamous species possess non-motile zygotes from the very beginning.
Oogenesis isa gametogenesis.
Oogenesises involve meiosis.
Most oogenesises involve meiosis.
Some oogenesises occur in autumn.
Oolithic limestone is made from rounded grains called ooliths.
Oolitic limestone is formed by calcification of fish eggs.
An oology is biology
Oology is a branch of ornithology that deals with the study of birds' eggs.
Oolong tea grows on cliffs, the hard picking process make it the most precious tea.
Oolong tea has less caffeine than black.
Oolong tea is a hybrid between green and black teas.
Oolong tea is a partially oxidized product.
Oolong tea is a semi-fermented tea with a flavour half way between regular and green teas.
Oolong tea is a very delicious tea.
Oolong tea is between the two in that it is partially fermented.
Oolong tea is halfway between green and black in terms of processing.
Oolong tea is intermediate in composition between green and black teas.
Oolong tea is made from partially fermented leaves.
Oolong tea is obtained from partially fermented leaves.
Oolong tea is semi-fermented tea and is somewhere between green and black tea.
Oolong tea is semi-fermented tea, produced with larger leaves.
Oolong tea is semi-fermented.
Oolong tea is served with the meals.
Oolong tea is the diplomat of the bunch.
Oolong teas are a combination of green and black leaves.
Oolong teas go through several steps in their process.
An oolong is a tea leaf
Oolong is a little humanoid pig with the ability to shapeshift.
Oolong is a semi-fermented tea without the astringency characteristic of black tea.
Oolong is a semi-fermented tea, without the astringency and bitterness characteristic of black tea.
Oolong is a semi-fermented tea, without the astringency characteristic of black tea.
Oolong is digestive, stimulant, and delicious.
Oolong is extremely coarse and requires slightly more to produce the same strength.
Oolong is fermented to less than half of the extent of black.
Oolong is semi-fermented, combining qualities of black and green teas.
Oolong is the tea most often served in Chinese restaurants in the United States and south China.
Oolong requires several minutes longer brewing time than either black or green teas.
Oolong still remains in high demand among dedicated connoisseurs .
Oolongs are semi-dried teas.
Oolongs are tea.
Oolongs come in numerous varieties from several regions and make a great cup of tea.
Oolongs have characteristics of both black and green teas.
Oolongs have even less caffeine and green teas have negligible amounts.
Some oolong is produced in China, but it's generally considered inferior to the Formosan.
An oophorectomy is ablation
Oophorectomy is a small surgical procedure.
Oophorectomy is the surgical removal of the ovaries.
An oospore is a spore
Oospores also can spread in soil attached to machinery or hooves of animals.
Oospores are also a means of survival in soil or infected roots.
Oospores are also thick-walled.
Oospores are dormant for some time after fertilization.
Oospores are long-lived and overwinter in soil and crop debris.
Oospores are produced in necrotic tissue and can survive for years in soil or in plant debris.
Oospores are spores.
Oospores are thick walled and can serve as survival structures in the absence of the host.
Oospores can also survive many months in soil or potting medium.
Oospores can survive between cropping seasons and become active soon after planting.
Oospores can survive in the soil for many years, even in the absence of ginseng.
Oospores develop from the sexual combination of two fungi and serve as a fungus resting stage.
Oospores germinate to form zoosporangia .
Oospores germinate to produce sporangia, which then release zoospores that penetrate leaf tissue.
Oospores germinate via a germ sporangium.
Oospores globose, or nearly so.
Ooze hardens and encases living things.
Ooze is flow
Opac format includes all the subject headings, notes, etc.
Opacities block light and blur images before they reach the retina.
Opacities can occur in any area of the lens.
Opacities develop from bleeding in diabetic retinopathy or trauma.
Opacity affects a documents readability.
Opacity allows the user to blend multiple layers within a viewer into one color scheme.
Opacity clouds the lens for late summer's job market.
Opacity contributes to the inability of some countries to borrow in their own currencies.
Opacity controls how transparent the lightning is.
Opacity determines the transparency, if any, of the stamped pattern.
Opacity is a measure of how visible a plume of smoke is.
Opacity is a measurement of the degree to which smoke obstructs the view of objects behind it.
Opacity is a measurement, on a percentage scale, of how much light is blocked by the exhaust plume.
Opacity is a physical phenomenon
Opacity is also very important, since green and purple are colors that play against each other.
Opacity is an indicator of changes in performance of particulate control systems.
Opacity is an orthogonal issue.
Opacity is good.
Opacity is improved by optimal sizing of the titanium dioxide particles.
Opacity is particularly insidious on political portals.
Opacity is physical phenomenons.
Opacity is quality.
Opacity is related to particulate pollution.
Opacity is the inverse of transmission or reflectance.
Opacity is the light stopping power of a a material.
Opacity is the opposite to transparency.
Opacity is the resistance of a gas to the flow or radiation.
Opacity is thus a vital quantity in any calculation of stellar structure or stellar pulsation.
Opacity measures the amount of light that can penetrate smokestack emissions.
Opacity refers to a paper's ability to prevent print from showing through to the other side.
Opacity refers to the appearance of the radiographic image of the patient.
Opacity refers to the extent to which radiation is blocked by the medium it is travelling through.
Opacity refers to the incomprehensible context in which content is presented.
Opal boom continues.
Opal Creek is perhaps the most intact, pristine low-elevation watershed in the Pacific Northwest.
Opal glass is a milky white glass that mimics opals.
Opal glass is glass
Opal lamp is a filament lamp with an opal glass bulb for optimum diffusion.
Opal mining is a very difficult process, and few mines prove to be successful.
Opal quality is judged by the number of colors exhibited and the evenness of the pattern.
Opal soils are on level to moderately steep uplands.
Opal specimens are also available.
Opal stones point up in setting.
Opal threads execute within protection domains in a single shared virtual address space.
All Opal threads execute with a single global address space.
An opal is a mineral
Opals absorb and return the negativity of the wearer.
Opals also have characteristic colors due to impurities within the stone.
Opals also require special care.
Opals are also fragile and can break with the slightest bump.
Opals are also quite soft and, if worn daily, are better protected in pendants and earrings.
Opals are harder than most people think.
Opals are minerals.
Opals are one of the few mineral gems considered to have no crystal structure, they are amorphous.
Opals are precious stones.
Opals are soft and like many other stones can become scratched and dull-looking over time.
Opals are some of the most beautiful and interesting cabs available.
Opals are usually very fragile.
Opals are very powerful in ritual magic.
Opals are very soft stones.
Opals bring wisdom and good fortune.
Opals come in all colors.
Opals contain water, which eventually evaporates, damaging the opal.
Opals help to clarify and amplify.
Opals vary in optical density from opaque to semitransparent.
Opals vary widely in body color, with white the most common.
An opalescence is brightness
Opalescence gives the glass a distinctive, smoky look.
Opalescence includes iridescence, but upon a base of whiteness.
Most opalescent discharge is due to duct ectasia or cyst.
Opalescent glass allows just the right amount of light through to highlight the black musical note.
Opalescent glass can exclude light.
Opalescent glass is a thick, rolled glass in which the colors are streaked and marbled.
Opalescent glass is translucent and white with a greyish or bluish tint.
Opalescent pool has a cooler temperature than other thermal features at Black Sand Basin.
Opalesque paper has a silk-like opalescent surface that highlights the beauty of the artwork.
Opaline silica is secreted by radiolaria, diatoms, silicoflagellates, sponges, etc.
Opaque amber contains numerous minute bubbles.
Some opaque bags fill with blue marble.
Some opaque bags fill with marble.
Opaque beer is more a food than a beverage.
Opaque books have to be made much more transparent.
Opaque colors diminish the color shift and intensity.
Opaque colours work well for scumbling and flat areas.
Opaque containers preserve food better than clear ones.
Opaque containers protect milk by blocking light which breaks down vitamin A and riboflavin.
Opaque data is encoded as an unsigned integer and followed by the n bytes of the sequence.
Opaque enamels contain opacifiers such as titanium dioxide.
Opaque glycerin is white and is colored with the mineral titanium dioxide.
Opaque glycerin is white as it is colored with the mineral titanium dioxide.
Opaque lenses change even the darkest of brown eyes to any shade.
Opaque mineral is ilmenite .
Opaque objects absorb and reflect light.
Opaque objects absorb or reflect the light.
Opaque objects are primitives similar to enumeration literals in a programming language.
Opaque oxides crystallize late and are mainly titanomagnetite.
Opaque paints are lead free and are approved for food bearing surfaces.
Some opaque paints become transparent and the underlying tracing lines show through.
Opaque particles move in the opposite direction.
Opaque projectors are available for use in the media center.
Opaque projectors can produce very realistic tumbling asteroids or rotating planets on the dome.
Opaque projectors require a darkened or totally dark room for best results.
Some opaque quartz has concentration.
Opaque representations have the disadvantage of hiding the rear structure.
Opaque shades are preferable.
Opaque signals coming from the dominant can also give status merely by being ambiguous.
Opaque spots appear on the surface of the cornea, possibly due to restricted blood flow.
Opaque stains are high in pigment content and thoroughly hide the grain and color of the wood.
Opaque streams glide into picturesque pools nestled in bromeliads and palms.
Opaque white can contain either tin or calcium.
Opaque writers use a unique pigment ink that is great for writing on dark papers.
OPAS focus is primarily on state executive branch agencies.
Opdyck genealogy provides many details of history of Holland.
Opel owners are also family people with a strong sense of responsibility and community.
Open access combined with a low transfer step makes for easy on and easy off.
Open access demands a level of management beyond most broadband operators.
Open access expands the market.
Open access has two dimensions.
Open access is a cooperative program designed to link people with resources.
Open access is a privilege, and requires that individual users act responsibly.
Open access is a real winner.
Open access is about a consumer's freedom to choose the broadband provider of their choice.
Open access is intended to make it easier to remove parts, and to operate and maintain the machines.
Open access is the most pressing issue.
Open access is the total lack of any property rights what so ever.
Open access is the wrong term.
Open access means freedom of choice for all types of information and entertainment services.
Open access means rapid changeover, and simplified maintenance and troubleshooting.
Open access means the facility is open to any university research group.
Open access requires the cooperation, care and attention of all members.
An open account is order
Open account is available to qualified customers.
Open accounts are also available upon approved credit.
Open accounts are available subject to approval by our credit department.
Open accounts are available upon approved credit.
Open accounts are available, after a credit application has been approved.
Open accounts are due upon receipt.
Open accounts are subject to credit approval.
Open accounts are two thirds of all transactions.
Open accounts can telephone in orders.
Open accounts exist for every customer and rail station.
Open accountability becomes a very real event, even on intranets.
Open actions are more disobedient and undermining.
Open ads contain the name of the company and, on average, draw the largest number of candidates.
Open admission allows students to have their application in before the start of classes.
Open adoption allows birthparents and adoptive parents to get to know each other.
Open adoption allows both sets of parents to know about each other.
Open adoption can be a great option.
Open adoption is possible.
Open adoption is seen as a model built on candor, commitment, community, and cooperation.
Open adoption is the adoption of the future.
Open adoption is the way to go.
Open adoption is wonderful for everyone involved.
Open adoption lifts the shame and secrecy that characterizes traditional closed adoptions.
Open adoption means some level of contact between the birth and adoptive parents.
Open adoption provides a healthy, positive adoption experience for all parties.
Open adoption relies on a great deal of trust and sensitivity.
Open adoptions vary according to the wishes of all parties involved.
Open air abounds in parks and private courtyards, all well-groomed and colorful.
Open air aggravates most complaints.
Open air inlets regularly.
Open air is an outside
Open air is the idea.
Open air mesh to ensure water release.
Open alcohol is against the law at put in or take out spots.
Open alliances sound democratic.
Open angles promote better spinal posture.
Open apologies invite good communication, something every relationship needs and benefits from.
Open applications are a requirement for linking solutions and business processes.
Open applications are always welcome.
Open applications are closed and unsaved documents are lost.
Open architecture allows delivery to all Internet platforms and devices, and use of any file format.
Open architecture allows for easy upgrading.
Open architecture allows the tradewinds to naturally cool each room.
Open architecture allows users to add their own circuitry and test functions.
Open architecture ensures easy application development.
Open architecture gives the operator a choice of service providers and communications media.
Open architecture is also essential to spur innovation on the Internet.
Open architecture is the buzz word that today everyone is looking for.
Open architecture supports leading Web servers and tools and allows customization.
Open architectures allow system installers to customize vehicle security systems.
Open architectures are more efficient.
Open archways lead to the kitchen and breakfast nook.
Open area is improved grass, fully maintained.
Open area upstars with dining and breakfast area,living, island kitchen,breakfast bar and fireplace.
Open areas appear as shades of yellow .
Open areas are covered with grasses.
Open areas are often close by for hunting.
Open areas are the safest locations outdoors.
Open areas are used only when thick shrubs or forest are nearby.
Open areas attract meadow voles, red-backed voles and meadow jumping mice.
Open areas can give way to undesirable plant species as they begin to grow back.
Open areas generate with oak wooden bridges instead of leaving floating platforms.
Open areas have beams and supports to use for cover.
Open areas lie to the west and east.
Open areas provide the opportunity to for conducting field experiments and projects.
Open areas remain from the extensive early clearings.
Open areas surround the small walls that separate the rooms.
Open areas surrounded by layered planing is most attractive to bird life.
Any open area can hold a few fruit bushes.
Any open area is subject to an infestation.
Open arms lead to empty tombs.
Open arrays are generally larger and found on powerboats.
Open arrow represents preprochymosin sequences.
Open arrows indicate extent of connection between primary and secondary walls.
Open arrows indicate the connection between the primary and the secondary walls.
Open arrows point to the prolegs.
Open arrows point to vesicles between plasmalemma and secondary wall.
Open assessment involves shared responsibilities by students, teachers, and the public.
Open assessments continue with no problems reported.
Open assignments provide for student diversity.
Open atheism prevents people from slipping into old faiths and ways of life.
Open attitudes are fine.
Open auctions seem to be the best, since players can keep bidding the price higher and higher.
Open auditions continue today.
Open augers are extremely dangerous and only invite trouble.
Open awareness is so direct and immediate.
Open bands are even more dangerous.
Open bands have a seam and can be crimped on the bird at any age.
Open bar includes cocktails, champagne, sodas, coffee, tea, milk and fruit juices.
Open bar includes cocktails, coffee, tea, and juices.
Open bar is on a per drink basis.
Open bars are good things.
Open barbecue is also available.
Open beams give the main rooms charm.
Open bins are available with or without lids in a variety of colors.
Open biopsy is safe and effective.
Open biopsy requires strict adherence to a number of surgical principles.
Open biopsy shows a lesion which infiltrates the skeletal muscle.
Open biscuit can and place biscuits on oiled cookie sheet.
Open biscuit can and place individual biscuits on top to cover mixture.
Open blisters Make arm sling from shirt sleeve.
Open boards are the most popular, providing a great deal of easy exposure.
Open body is a gentle daily session.
Open book fold.
Open book implies open notes and homework.
Open book means open notes and homework as well.
Open book means open notes and homework.
Open bookshelves combine with doors and drawers to provide ample storage.
Open borders lead to international interdependence regarding both economics and politics.
Open bottom allows a variety of weapons to be used.
Open bottom helps prevent slippage.
Open box is Hotchkiss machine gun tool box.
Open boxes show consensus.
Open boxes show weak consensus.
Most open boxes show consensus.
Most open boxes show weak consensus.
Open breeders are often a parent-family.
Open burrows create a hazard to livestock and horseback riders.
Open cafeteria leads to fewer kids signing up for free or reduced-priced lunch program.
Open camping is permitted without fee.
Open campuses are a problem waiting to happen.
Open canopies allow grasses and shrubs to dominate the undergrowth.
Open captions appear on all television sets and can be viewed without a decoder.
Open captions are a picture element.
Open captions are similar to subtitles.
Open captions are the visible subtitles that appear on a TV screen, or video taped production.
Open captions are usually white letters with a black rim or drop shadow.
Open captions is a big turnoff with the non-hearing impaired population.
Open captions require no decoder in order to be seen by the viewer.
Open cards are smart cards able to download code after their issuance.
Open cattle gate and continue to the cemetery.
Open cells are available.
Some open cells are nice too.
Some open ceremony takes places.
Open channels are a high maintenance aspect of the public drainage system.
Open channels can create a safety hazard.
Open chickpeas can, empty chickpeas into colandar in sink.
Open chokes are best for early season birds that are relaxed and holding tight.
Open circle indicates vanishing bearing of one control bird.
Open circles are data, the line is the linear component derived via quadratic method.
Open circles are from the decorrelation band width measurements, using the relation .
Open circles are zero catches.
Open circles indicate a new moon and filled circles indicate full moons.
Open circles indicate key times.
Open circles refer to samples containing sodium-bearing micas.
Open circles represent a rough estimation of the accuracy of the location.
Open circles represent broadening times calculated from scintillation bandwidth measurements.
Open circles represent casing or tubing.
Open circles represent conserved loop structures.
Open circles represent feeding links lost compared to the previous matrix.
Open circles represent overlap duplication events interpreted as vicariance.
Open circles represent southern populations.
Open circles represent varying degrees of collection locational accuracy.
Open circles show decreasing laser frequency.
All open circles are future junctions which make money.
An open circuit is a circuit
Open circuit indicates a problem.
Open circuits prevent the movement of electrical energy.
Open circulation is available twice daily, in the morning and afternoon for every student.
Open City can create original sales and marketing brochures.
Open City has expertise in making direct mail copy stand out.
Open City illustrates Italian neo-realism.
Open classes are for kids who have gotten three or more first place wins.
Open classes are the best brief introduction to meditation.
Open classes have an additional charge for the facility and equipment.
Open classes run seven days a week.
Open classrooms are excellent areas to study, particularly for group projects.
Open clusters absolute proper motions.
Open clusters are a small fraction of the age of globular clusters.
Open clusters are astronomical objects.
Open clusters are dotted white circles.
Open clusters are exactly that, open.
Open clusters are groups of dozens to hundreds of stars which are loosely bound by gravitation.
Open clusters are groups of stars that are much greater apart from one another.
Open clusters are loose aggregations of dozens or hundreds of young stars.
Open clusters are loose collections of stars which formed together.
Open clusters are loose-knit, randomly sprinkled groups of stars.
Open clusters are relatively young stars and are almost always found along the Milky Way.
Open clusters are somewhat easy to find.
Open clusters are star clusters.
Open clusters are strongly concentrated toward the Milky Way.
Open clusters can contain between a few hundred to a few dozen stars.
Open clusters can have hundreds of stars, globular clusters at most a few.
Open clusters consist of a few, loosely bound young stars that win dissipate with time.
Open clusters contain very young stars.
Open clusters disperse rather quickly yet globulars seem to remain tight forever.
Open clusters share in the galactic rotation.
Open clusters show a nice range of ages.
Open clusters tend to have irregular shapes and are mostly found in the plane of our Galaxy .
Many open clusters are still to big to fit.
Most open clusters have only a short life as stellar swarms.
Some open clusters are large and spread out.
Some open clusters are only a few hundred light years from Earth.
Open coat means there are spaces between the grit.
Open coats have no undercoat and usually have softer guard hairs.
Open cockpit is a pilot's dream.
Open code ensures that bugs are found quickly, and fixed quickly.
Open Code Frees Up The Net .
Open code is better code.
Open code is software in plain view.
Open code means an open society, and vice versa.
Open collaboration is bad.
Most open collections have some items that are temporarily restricted from public use.
Open combat allows for all-out designed for purpose aircraft to duke it out.
Open comedones are blackheads and closed comedones are whiteheads.
Open command allows multiple file selection.
Open communication can be a very effective tool in communication.
Open communication can help resolve most problems.
Open communication can lead to a deeper sense of trust and intimacy.
Open communication can prevent replication of services or, worse, lack of services.
Open communication can prevent unnecessary anxiety.
Open communication helps overcome fearful or negative attitudes.
Open communication is a key element of the doctor-patient relationship.
Open communication is a key factor in the success of each placement.
Open communication is a major ingredient in community problem solving.
Open communication is a priority.
Open communication is a vital factor in any good client-professional relationship.
Open communication is always best.
Open communication is always helpful to families, both within and outside the family.
Open communication is an essential key to meeting our daily goals.
Open communication is an important part of maintaining a pleasurable relationship.
Open communication is an important part of that goal.
Open communication is another key to developing children who accept themselves and each other.
Open communication is at the heart of maintaining a quality school.
Open communication is commonplace.
Open communication is considered extremely important.
Open communication is crucial to maintaining morale.
Open communication is emphasized in our center.
Open communication is emphasized with an attempt to include parents and community in the process.
Open communication is encouraged at all times between staff, parents and children.
Open communication is encouraged between parents and teacher.
Open communication is encouraged between students, parents, and staff.
Open communication is equally important to a team's success.
Open communication is essential between all levels.
Open communication is essential between the community and schools.
Open communication is essential for healthy, trusting relationships.
Open communication is essential in helping adolescents postpone sexual involvement.
Open communication is essential in making the match relationship successful.
Open communication is essential in making the whole process smooth and enjoyable.
Open communication is essential to a working relationship between parent and child.
Open communication is essential to any healthy relationship.
Open communication is essential to assure mutual respect and to gain support for education.
Open communication is essential to effectively helping our youth.
Open communication is essential to getting along as roommates.
Open communication is essential to partnership.
Open communication is essential within our school community and is vital to our success.
Open communication is essential.
Open communication is established with distant learners.
Open communication is good for everyone.
Open communication is imperative to a successful advising session.
Open communication is important to the child as well as the parents.
Open communication is important.
Open communication is in the best interests of producers.
Open communication is necessary at all stages.
Open communication is necessary to create and maintain an effective team atmosphere.
Open communication is necessary to understand another's feelings and wishes.
Open communication is necessary to understanding the needs and expectations of our customers.
Open communication is the best defense.
Open communication is the best way to help the alcoholic and the family.
Open communication is the first and most important step.
Open communication is the first step to helping.
Open communication is the foundation from which a solid business relationship is built.
Open communication is the foundation of a productive client-professional relationship.
Open communication is the greatest communication.
Open communication is the key and a two way street.
Open communication is the key in discussing long-term farm goals.
Open communication is the key to a good working relationship.
Open communication is the key to an honest change of feelings.
Open communication is the key to any lasting relationship.
Open communication is the key to any successful relationship.
Open communication is the key to breed unity.
Open communication is the key to ensuring that nothing falls through the cracks.
Open communication is the key to keep up the morale and the enthusiasm among staff.
Open communication is the key.
Open communication is the only antidote to misconceptions.
Open communication is the touchstone of dispute avoidance and dispute resolution.
Open communication is very important so agents always understand the monitoring process.
Open communication is very important.
Open communication is vital for the smooth functioning of our program.
Open communication is vital to a good client-professional relationship.
Open communication is vital to our success.
Open communication makes things happen.
Open communication provides the basis for married couples to trust.
Open communications are important to maintain or reestablish stability and orderly change.
Open communications help all involved.
Open communications is essential to all healthy relationships.
Open communications is maintained between all the four committees.
Open communications is what it s all about.
Open communications promote cooperation and effective coordination of CASC's activities.
Open communion discourages self-examination.
Open companies can help users be open too.
Open competition allows everyone to compete and participate regardless of union affiliation.
Open competition encourages accountability and innovation.
Open competition is especially important to small and mid-sized airports.
Open competition is fair.
Open competition is the best thing for the marketplace.
Open competitions take as little as five months.
Open cones shed seed when the cone reaches maturity.
Open conferences cover general topics open to all.
Open confession is good for the soul.
Open conflict breaks out everywhere.
Open congregations accept women in nearly every congregational role.
Open Connection Listens on a port for a connection from a netlog process.
More open connections means more things happen at the same time.
Open console follows.
Open construction allows dirt and moisture to pass through for easy cleanup.
Open construction allows water to run through the matting, keeping mat drier than surrounding area.
Open construction means that the speakers have open backs.
Open construction provides easy access to all circuits and components for inspection or service.
Open containers are a great idea to hold toys.
Open containers is more black and white.
Open containers violate state and federal waste regulations.
ANY open container is probable cause.
Some open containers soak in water.
Open contests are almost always more competitive than elections with an incumbent running.
Open contours are by default connected together in a mesh if possible.
Open contracts remain in force.
Open counters help to define characters.
Open countryside is minutes away from the city centre.
Open courses are appropriate for all students regardless of their post secondary destination.
Open courses have one set of expectations, appropriate for all students.
Open cows cause the greatest reduction to the percentage of calf crop weaned.
Open cows require less maintenance feed and generally have greater calving ease.
Open credentials file.
Open credit is a prime target.
Open criticism is at least there , in black and white, for all to see.
Open cuff allows ventilation to keep hands cool.
Open cults use various courses, such a personal development courses, to spread their message.
Open cups are especially impressive awards.
All open cursors associated with the session are closed.
Open custody means removal from the home for a fixed term and placement in a group home setting.
Open cylinder valves correctly.
Open cylinder valves slowly with valve outlet directed away from all personnel.
Open cylinder valves slowly.
Open dance follows performance.
Open dance follows.
Open dancing follows.
Open database allows for ease and integration with other policy management systems and schema.
Open Date Indicates when the inspection was started.
Open date is the date the problem was discovered.
Open dates are calendar dates that are imprinted or stamped on a food label.
Open dates are suggestions only.
Open dates depend on snow.
Open dates fill up quickly.
Open dates listed are varsity games unless indicated.
All open dates are open to additional classes and diving.
Open data is the other side of the open source coin.
Open days are available.
Open days are by invitation to applicants who have been offered a place.
Open days can be especially hazardous as the visitors are often young people.
Any open day is available for scheduling activities and workshops.
Open debate is necessary to that end.
Open debate is part of their secular tradition.
Open debate is the foundation of sustainable change.
Open debate is the last thing they want.
Open debate is the mortar of freedom.
Open decks are for lounging in the sun, fishing or crabbing.
Open defecation is another distinct feature of the area.
Open design allows adults to assist children easily.
Open design allows convenient access for cleaning.
Open design allows for easy loading and unloading of snow .
Open design enables obstruction free cabling and complete layout flexibility.
Open design leaves the wall visible.
Open designs can be more reliable than non-open designs.
Open development requires strong, open and scalable software engineering techniques.
Open dialogue can erase human fear.
Open dialogue can follow after the whole group has commented on a question.
Open dialogue can lead to more sales.
Open dialogue is encouraged plus confidence and positive self-esteem.
Open dialogue is essential.
Open dialogue is invited.
Open dialogue is particularly important here.
Open diamonds correspond to the new times of minima.
Open diamonds show the number of grants funded annually, which has risen.
Open discourse is the life's blood of any academic community.
Open discussion aimed at clarification can help resolve differences.
Open discussion allows everyone to be heard and different ideas to be considered.
Open discussion allows for enrichment and insight.
Open discussion can lead to acceptance.
Open discussion can only be of benefit to all concerned.
Open discussion can then take place.
Open discussion concerning indigent drug programs are available.
Open Discussion Find support and share experiences of living with depression.
Open discussion follows speaker presentation.
Open discussion follows.
Open discussion gives learners maximum freedom while maintaining order through floor control.
Open discussion is an essential component of the course.
Open discussion is an important part of discovering new ways of relating to one another.
Open discussion is continuous with dining services staff to facilitate effective procedures.
Open discussion is crucial.
Open discussion is encouraged as the group seeks to learn together.
Open discussion is encouraged in all three sessions.
Open discussion is encouraged in the classroom, and is a vital element of the lab.
Open discussion is encouraged regarding the current state of country music, past and future.
Open discussion is encouraged under conditions of complete confidentiality.
Open discussion is encouraged.
Open discussion is especially encouraged.
Open discussion is necessary to face the changes.
Open discussion is required.
Open discussion is the current topic.
Open discussion is the key and moving things off wiki harms that.
Open discussion is the rule.
Open discussion is welcome on any topic.
Open discussion is welcome.
Open discussion leads to better communication and understanding between teacher and student.
Open discussion needs to take place.
Open discussion provides opportunity.
Open discussions are a vital part of a college classroom environment.
Open discussions are always key.
Open discussions are essential to the workshop's success.
Open discussions follow each lecture.
Open discussions follow the showings.
Open discussions occur about concerns of the students in today's world.
Some open discussion is needed on new ideas and ways to continue to involve the industry.
Some open discussion is needed on ways to continue to involve industry.
Open ditches are outlets for both surface, subsurface or storm sewer drainage system.
Open docks are available for fishing and swimming.
An open door is trade policy
Open door Go to door Go to plant door.
Open doors are albums.
Open doors are common summer sights in Fl.
Open doors are doors.
Open doors are invitations.
Open doors change the size of the space and affect circulation and the even distribution of air.
Open doors disrupt the programmed climate control system which impacts our utility bills.
Open doors expose hearts pounding in amazement river running wild.
Open doors invite a visit.
Open doors lead to open minds, lets all make the world a friendlier place to travel and explore.
Open doors lead to the nortwest and the northeast.
Open doors provide opportunity for people to enter the halls and puts all residents in jeopardy.
Open doors reveal the skulls of chiefs.
Every open door has a wall right behind it.
Some open doors draw attention.
Some open doors get strong wind.
Some open doors get wind.
Open doorways lie to port and starboard, and a ladder leads up through an opening in the deck above.
Open dorms make living in residence halls more appealing.
Open drain valves at oil filter and cooler at pump end of engine.
Open drawers are obstacles to traffic and are easy to trip over.
Open dust covers at A, drop area.
Open economies require free trade.
Open economies review Open letter.
Open economies work better than closed economies.
Open education confers the same qualifications as the corresponding courses taken in other ways.
Open education is both a philosophy and a state of mind.
Open education is organised by vocational schools, universities, educational institutions, etc.
Open electives are to be chosen in consultation with faculty adviser.
Open elements perform a generic open command on the selected item.
Open ends are too long.
Open ends give anirnal confidence.
Open enrollment allows for choice other than the neighborhood school.
Open enrollment comes just once a year.
Open Enrollment Coming Open enrollment is just around the corner.
Open enrollment enables entry into the program at any time during the school year .
Open enrollment enables entry into the program at any time during the school year.
Open enrollment is a mistake.
Open enrollment is a requirement with the force of law.
Open enrollment is another important part of school choice in Arizona.
Open enrollment is available in most programs.
Open enrollment is available to students based on special circumstances and school capacities.
Open enrollment is closed.
Open enrollment is costly for the transfer students and the schools.
Open enrollment is defined as the month preceding the employer group health plan anniversary date.
Open enrollment is discouraged.
Open enrollment is held during the fall.
Open enrollment is held on an annual basis.
Open enrollment is held quarterly.
Open enrollment is next month.
Open enrollment is once a year.
Open enrollment is quarterly.
Open enrollment is the chance to change to full dental coverage.
Open enrollment is the first two weeks of each semester.
Open enrollment makes sense.
Open enrollment means that petroleum professionals have access to an entire world of information.
Open enrollment occurs annually, generally in the fall, for the next calendar year.
Open enrollment occurs at least every two years and is usually held in the spring.
Open enrollment occurs once a year.
Open entry allows flexible start dates.
Open environments provide students with choices and encourage independence and creativity.
Open epiphyses increase the chances for healing.
Open events are open to all players.
Open exchange can only take place in an environment of respect and civility.
Open exchanges are positive and reflect a genuine interest in the issues.
Open exit is available when student reaches proficiency rate established by program area.
Open exit is possible upon completion of speed requirements.
Open expression is taken for granted.
Open eyes are eyes.
Open eyes have a much better chance to avoid the dangers, enjoy the run and live to tell about it.
Open Eyes is a catalogue of videos held in the collection and is available for purchase.
Open eyes reveal some sort of tunnel vision, with regions of disorientation about the outside.
Open Eyes show an open, friendly person.
Open faces allow easy front set of desired time.
Every open factor increases the basic difficulty.
Open fairways encourage juniors, seniors and golfers of all skill levels to grip it and rip it.
Open falls allow grasshoppers more time to feed and lay eggs.
Open farmland is at risk like never before from urbanization and sprawl.
Open Fences Res.
Open fields abound on both sides of the canal.
Open fields are located in countrysides.
Open fields attract many seed-eating species including sparrows, blackbirds, and finches.
Open fields feature nice views of the lake.
Open fields provide feeding habitats for small mammals and migratory birds.
Open fields surround the cemetery on the south and west with timber on the north and east sides.
Open fields surround the courts, nice atmosphere, lots of student players.
Open file directories with a single, precise click.
Open file Displays a file selection dialog, listing files in the directory of the selected object.
Open File Opens an existing HTML file.
Open files are files.
All open files are closed.
All open files are now closed automatically when a volume is unmounted.
Any open file has emotions attached to it.
Open film can, fill it with water, and replace lid.
Open fires add to the warmth of the establishment creating a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.
Open fires are available in the lounge and dining rooms.
Open fires are generally very inefficient.
Open fires are legal in many areas of North Carolina, as long as someone is present.
Open fires can quickly escape and are very difficult to control.
Open fires make it a great place to spend the afternoon.
An open fireplace is a niche
Open fireplaces are features of the bar, lounge and dining room.
Open flames are already in, but mostly as decoration.
Open flames are fire hazards.
Open flames can be a fire hazard and overheating a single spot can burst the pipe.
Open flames can create the risk of fire, including smoldering fires, and burns.
Most open flames require a permit.
Open flowers can become infected, especially if they have been damaged by frost.
Open flowers reach higher up than the buds.
Open Folders View.
Open foliage makes it a good individual display tree.
Open forests are critical for many species, such as the red-cockaded woodpecker.
Open format allows data to be input into third-party crop, disease, and pest models.
Open format allows data to be input into third-party software.
Open format allows flexibility in building and presenting course content.
Open formats do provide some degree of security in that the data is accessible.
Open formation skirmishing troops move identically.
Open formularies place no restrictions on drugs an enrollee can receive.
Open forum includes a question and answer session.
Open forums are free and members receive a discount when registering for our half day events.
Open forums provide opportunities for public input during the process.
An open fracture is a break
Open fractures are emergency orthopedic injuries.
Open fractures are more dangerous because of the severe bleeding and chance of infection.
Open fractures are more likely to become infected than closed fractures.
Open fractures are more likely to have infection.
Open fractures are more serious due to blood loss and possible infection.
Open fractures cause infection, which can kill if untreated.
All open fractures require open debridement and irrigation.
An open frame is a score
Open frame allows fastest cool down.
Open front allows for easier panting and breathing.
Open front allows for easier panting, breathing, and drinking.
Open front provides clearance for five-legged chair .
Open gaming is conducted every day, and organized tournaments and league events are put on weekly.
Open garages are an easy target for thieves.
Open gates can result in extensive loss to the owner.
Open gifts exhibit gold artifacts from the Mansion's collection of treasures.
Open golf demonstrates how the game began.
Open golf legends Legends of the Open Championships from years gone by.
Open government has a ways to go.
Open government is a basic principle of democracy.
Open government is a contradiction in terms.
Open government is simply good practice.
Open grass play area and benches.
Open grassland contains trees.
Open grassland is dominated by grass.
Open grassland is dominated by wallaby grass.
Open grasslands scattered through woodlands provide brood range for turkeys and grouse.
Most open grassland contains trees.
Most open grassland is dominated by grass.
Most open grassland is dominated by wallaby grass.
Some open grassland dominates environments.
Open grates allow fat to drip away as foods cook.
Open ground is preferred for germination.
Open groups accept individuals and families from anywhere.
Open groups allow new members at any time, and are time limited or ongoing.
Open groups are mearly place-holders that define the name and contents of the new object.
Open groups meet on an ongoing basis and permit members to join and finish at different times.
Open grow trees produce crops.
Open gym is a time for students to practice and perfect skills that have been taught in class .
Open gym is available to everyone.
Open gym is held the first thirty minutes to provide free time for recreation and socializing.
Open habitats are preferred.
Open halls are a privilege and meant to encourage social interaction.
Open hands are incapable of holding onto rage and rancor and revenge.
Open hands give a brighter, louder sound.
Open hands open the way to achievement.
Open hardware creates commodity pricing around hardware.
Open hardware is a design methodology.
Open hatches admit the refreshing sea breezes while fans provide further ventilation.
Open headphones let more sound escape.
Open heart experience a plus.
Open heart Straighten up .
Open herds have a high risk of exposure to pregnancy-wasting pathogens.
Open herds have a very high risk.
Open hips are the fundamental key to solving the puzzle of arm balances.
Open homes are very dangerous.
Open hostility can sometimes result.
Open hostility is required.
Open hours are available on a first-come, first served basis.
Open hours are seasonally variable.
Open hours are subject to change.
Open hours change seasonally.
Open hours change with each term and during the summer, depending on staff schedules.
Open hours vary according to instructional needs.
Open hours vary according to library orientations being conducted.
Open hours vary according to semester.
Open hours vary according to the schedule posted on the digital classroom door.
Open hours vary based on scheduled classes.
Open hours vary by day of the week.
Open hours vary by semester.
Open hours vary depending on the lab and the class and reservation schedule of the room.
Open hours vary due to classes.
Open hours vary from quarter to quarter.
Open hours vary.
An open house is a party
Open house follows presentations.
Open house follows.
Open house is a family night therefore the maximum group size is approximately six.
Open house is a great time to visit the art room, with sculptures and paintings for everyone to see.
Open house is an ideal family enterprise.
Open house is at the sellers option.
Open house is by mutual agreement where consistent with marketing objectives.
Open house is declared and everyone is invited to feast on sumptuous spreads of food and drink.
Open house is free of charge but tickets are required and go fast .
Open house is held about a week before school starts.
Open house is held each year for parents and children.
Open house is one such strategy.
Open house is practiced for visiting relatives and friends with various ethnic races.
Open house needs to be rescheduled to better days or times.
Open houses are a different approach.
Open houses are a security risk.
Open houses are a traditional tool for marketing homes for sale.
Open houses are also a good time to learn more about financial aid and housing.
Open houses are another opportunity to raise funds.
Open houses are back with a vengeance.
Open houses are effective marketing tools when selling a home.
Open houses are free but registration is required.
Open houses are free of charge.
Open houses are like mixers.
Open houses are parties.
Open houses are the first step in the process.
Open houses attract neighbors and browsers.
Open houses begin at sunset.
Open houses can also help employers recruit potential employees.
Open houses can assist in generating immediate interest.
Open houses can be a continuing source of new business or a total waste of time.
Open houses can be great exposure for listings.
Open houses offer themselves inside-out for the satisfaction of the buyer.
Open houses provide students an audience to demonstrate their abilities to the community.
Open houses rank third in familiarity but seventh in effectiveness.
Open Houses See the listing of upcoming meetings .
Open houses Use the following format for submitting open houses.
Most open houses have some form of screening.
Open hydrants endanger the health and safety of our citizens by wasting water and lowering pressure.
Open impellers have to be adjusted to keep the pump running efficiently.
Open impellers require frequent adjustment.
Open implementation is a growing area of interest, and there are many issues to explore.
Open information drives ecosystems.
Open injuries carry a higher risk of infection .
Open Integration Use the full range of internet and enterprise technologies.
Open interest is a smoother piece of data than volume.
Open interest is an indicator of how much interest there is in the contract.
Open interest is large, and daily volume is high.
Open interest is more subject to seasonal fluctuations than is trading volume.
Open interest is one indication of longer-term investing in equity options.
Open interest is really more of a data field than an indicator.
Open interest is the accumulated total of all currently outstanding contracts.
Open interest is the number of contracts outstanding at the close of the trading day.
Open interest is the number of contracts outstanding at the close of trading each day.
Open interest is the number of derivatives contracts outstanding.
Open interest is the number of futures and options positions outstanding at the close of trading.
Open interest is the number of outstanding contracts on an option class or series.
Open interest is the number of positions held overnight after the close of trading.
Open interest is, simply, the number of contracts that exist at any point in time.
Open interest refers to the number of outstanding contracts that remain open.
Open interest represents the number of open contracts on an option at the end of each day.
Open interfaces allow connectivity among all data sources.
Open interfaces lead to greater solution flexibility and more technology choices.
Open interfaces make application services available to all participants in the value chain.
Open interfaces make it possible to quickly integrate new services.
Open interfaces promote diversity.
Open interfaces result in choice.
Open interfaces support competition and encourage innovation.
Open interior is conducive to grooving and sweating until morning.
Open interior makes pick-up easy for dogs of all sizes.
An open interval is an interval
Open intervals are also important in real variable analysis.
Every open interval is an open set.
Open interviews are available.
Open investigation is encouraged.
Open Invitation is the door to the celebrations that bring meaning and enjoyment to our lives.
Open invoices send preprinted invoices out with trucks with all data except final quantities.
Open irrigation ditches criss-cross the palmerie carrying water from plot to plot.
Open issues remain.
Some open issues remain to be worked.
Open items are parallel, extest and extendability, clean-up of data model and attributes.
Open items are unpaid invoices.
Any open items are non returnable.
Open jar absorbs moisture present in cabinet air.
Open jobs are open to non-civil service employees and civil service employees of that agency.
All open jobs listed are subject to specific job skill requirements.
Open joints permit moisture to enter, often leading to paint deterioration.
Open kitchen lets light in even further.
Open knit allows air to circulate freely.
Open lab is in black.
Open lab is used to code and test several programs of intermediate complexities.
Open lab is used to code, compile and test projects.
Open labs are also available for computing, writing, math and other subjects.
Open labs are for hands-on learning, rehearsal, and sometimes final production.
Open labs foster better communication and better teamwork.
Open labs give students access to computers and software outside the classroom.
All open labs have a laser printer.
Some open labs offer special services such as scanning, plotting, and color printing.
Open label is available for up to one year after entry.
Open laboratory is available for general companies to use equipment and machines.
Open land is a pure public good that is being provided privately.
Open land is preserved by both municipal and county parkland within the town boundaries.
Open land is something other than a potential subdivision.
Open lands are located in countrysides.
Open lands are located in state parks.
Open lanes are available almost anytime.
Open laptops block eye contact with the teacher.
Open leads are just what Point Hope has been waiting for.
Open leadership demands at least a minor amount of trust from the community.
Open leaves indicate that they are too mature.
Open length is approx.
Open lewdness is a petty misdemeanor.
More open lines leading to the Black king ultimately proves decisive.
Open Link Opens the Web page in the same browser window.
Open List opens the list window for viewing or deleting items.
Open lists allow anyone to subscribe and unsubscribe themselves.
Open lists are available to anyone in the world.
Open lists are common for groups whose main goal is to support members and encourage communication.
Open lists are open to anyone interested in a particular topic.
Open lists are the most common.
Open lists exist which can be joined by any user.
Open lists let anyone join the list.
Open lists mean anyone can join, closed list members have to be approved by the admin.
Open living features wood burning stove.
Open location is actually useful only for Palm handhelds with a modem.
Open locks seem to walk away.
Open loft feel in living, dining and gourmet kitchen.
Open loops describe critical clearances or other assembly features.
Open loops start at one end of a specification and end at the other.
Open market has an excellent commercial site searcher.
Open markets are a two-way street.
Open markets are a win-win proposition.
Open markets are an important driver of economic growth internationally.
Open markets are essential for economies to trade their way out of difficulty.
Open markets are indeed important.
Open markets are indispensable to raising living standards.
Open markets are more attractive than closed markets.
Open markets are obviously the key to economic growth and economic expansion.
Open markets are reality.
Open markets are the key to global competitiveness.
Open markets attract and stimulate trade and investment.
Open markets bring new ideas and people, stimulating innovation and creative skills.
Open markets can lead either to diverse competition or to concentration of ownership.
Open markets can play an important role in lifting billions of people out of abject poverty.
Open markets create jobs, spark innovation, spread new technology, and raise incomes.
Open markets feature goods.
Open markets have come such a long way, they are very accessible.
Open markets help farmers No opin.
Open markets help farmers.
Open markets help to create the resources needed to protect the environment.
Open markets increase market efficiency and encourage innovation.
Open markets introduce sellers from one part of the world to buyers in another.
Open markets lead to open minds.
Open markets mean better living standards.
Open markets provide the opportunity for economic growth and the enormous benefits from it.
Open markets remain crucial to Australia s economic prosperity and jobs.
Open markets serve to enable global trade.
Open markets speed up the transfer of information and actually cushion the impact of change.
Open markets work.
More open markets allow technology to be diffused more speedily.
Open meadow gives way to pine-fir woods and desert chaparral.
Open meadows are alive with colors and fragrances throughout the summer.
Open meadows provide good viewing opportunities.
Some open meadows are dominated by grass.
Open meetings are for anyone interested in AA's program of recovery from alcoholism.
Open meetings are for anyone interested in Al-Anon.
OPEN meetings are for anyone who wishes to attend.
Open meetings are important to receive feedback.
Open meetings are of little value unless adequate advance notice is given.
Open meetings are open for non-members.
Open meetings are open to the public.
Open Meetings are the only ones that the public is permitted to attend.
Open meetings can have a variety of uses in the classroom and school setting.
Open meetings help citizens understand decisions and build trust in government.
Open meetings increase children's understanding of and empathy for one another.
Open meetings take place now once a month, and organisational ones more frequently.
All open meetings are free and the public is invited.
OPEN members seek out and call on the human-resources departments of major employers who are hiring.
Open memoranda are clearly unsuitable.
Open memories are action-oriented and activate affect and motivation.
Open messaging means that all the modules use messages to communicate.
Open mike follows intermission.
Open minds are capable of complete sentences.
Open minds are healthy minds.
Open minds are the best defense against dumb grantmaking.
Open minds are the key to learning.
Open minds are tools.
Open minds become uneasy with complacency and seek out challenge.
Open minds can open doors for individuals, families, and communities.
Open minds let in the ray of light that holds a rainbow.
Open minds look for intellectual stimulation and consider more options.
Open minds look for potential, improvement and opportunity.
Open minds require full stomachs.
Open minds take more risks, fail and lose money more often.
Open minds tend to face reality as it is and as it can be.
Open minds tend to hire open minds and closed minds hire closed minds.
Open minds view failures as stepping stones to future success.
Open miracles are a very important part of early Jewish history.
Open miracles are hard to come by.
Open miracles require no spiritual sensitivity, they require no effort on the part of man.
Open models can be open or closed to international flows of capital services.
Open mouth kissing frequently occurs during feeding or social excitement.
Open mouths lead to closed doors, they say.
Open mouths make sound.
Most open mouths make sound.
Open mushrooms are prone to different kinds of diseases.
Open Networks are Here to Stay.
Open networks lead to more investment than closed networks.
Open newspapers are rude and disruptive in any class.
Open nudity is frowned upon in Mexico.
Any open object is meant to be climbed into.
Open oceans are considered all areas beyond the shelves.
Open oceans have extremely low productivity.
Open oceans have production.
Open oceans serve as habitats.
Open oceans serve as primary habitats.
Most open oceans have production.
Most open oceans serve as habitats.
Most open oceans serve as primary habitats.
Some open oceans have zones.
Open offices force too much to the center.
Open ones have no consonant at the end.
Open order is a military formation
All open orders remain in effect until executed or canceled.
Open oxygen valves slowly.
Open panels make it easy to pass materials from one workstation to another.
Open papers are also acceptable.
Open parcels have great pasture for animals.
All open parishes keep their own records.
Open parking is available at no charge.
Open parking is available during the summer.
Open partner swapping then leads to clandestine affairs and the eventual break up of the marriage.
Open people are intellectually curious, appreciative of art, and sensitive to beauty.
Open people attract good data.
Open piles are OK, but take forever.
Open pipes have a collar on the top that can be raised or lowered for tuning.
Open pipes have a hole in the top of the pipe.
Open pit mines cause damage.
Open pit mines cause ecological damage.
Open pit mines cause severe damage.
Open pit mines cause severe ecological damage.
Open pits are hazardous and collect jobsite debris.
Many open pits exist in mining areas.
Open platforms keep players honest.
All open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other .
All open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other.
Open play is available for non-members.
Open play is permitted anytime.
Open play is provided at both novice and intermediate levels.
Open plazas create a permanent stage for fun-loving street performers and concert entertainment.
Open pneumothorax is when air gets into the pleural space from an injury to the chest.
Open pods allow too many visual and auditory distracters throughout the day.
Open points represent saturated data.
Open pollination is used in most Virginia pine seed production.
Open pond is also a designated camp for hunters.
Open pores increase sensitivity.
Open ports are available on the second and third floors of the library.
Open positions are generally administrative and clerical.
Open positions are varied.
Open positions change periodically.
Open positions range from airplane pilots to computer specialists, chemists, and customs inspectors.
Open positions vary at each store.
All open positions are for individuals with an exceptional work history at the executive level.
All open positions require the submission of a Personnel Requisition Form.
Any open position is, of course, entered in the staffing organization's computer system.
Most open positions are never open to relocation expense, and the recruiter's time is valuable.
Open postings allow postings from any subscriber.
Open postings are by anyone who is a subscriber.
Open prairie lies to the north of the lake, while tall pines shade the trail south of the lake.
Open pricing is, therefore, changing the structure of Japan s complex distribution system.
Open printer cover then immediately close the cover securely.
Open probes are questions that encourage customers to speak freely about a particular situation.
Open probes encourage people to talk.
Open probes tend to raise the window of opportunity more significantly than do closed probes.
Open problem remains.
Open problems are the lifeblood of mathematics.
Many open problems remain.
Open processes make room for participation from a wider range of contributors.
Open programs are open to students from all institutions.
Open programs can conflict with the installation process.
Open programs tend to be more common in larger and broader spend categories.
Open programs use system resources.
Open Project Opens an existing project, which is selected by the user.
Open prostatectomy can be either a partial or radical procedure.
Open prostatectomy entails an incision on the lower abdomen.
Open prostitution is also common, and Antwerp's red-light district is as lively as Amsterdam's.
Open protection is implemented by a flag associated with an open file description.
Open protocols allow for a marketplace that is rich with competition and innovation.
Most open proxies are due to the computer being infected by a virus without the user's knowledge.
Open questions are difficult to code.
Open questions can show ability to apply knowledge to new situations.
Open questions can throw a spanner into the works of a smooth-running interview.
Open questions expose customer needs.
Open questions give the respondent range and flexibility.
Open questions have to be settled.
Open questions initiate a searching process for generating different possible answers first.
Open questions provide a lot of useful, as well as useless, information.
Open questions require a much more detailed answer than just yes or no .
Open questions require a narrative response.
Open questions require more than a word or two to answer adequately.
Many open questions remain.
Open questionnaires ask for information in respondents own words.
All open queues are closed and control variables are reset to zero.
Open races are mainly opportunity races.
Open races are non-restricted.
Open ranges frequented by goblins lie south of the city.
Open rate is non-commissionable.
Open rates are rates charged for advertising only once, or one time, within a publication.
Open rating has no floor.
Open read follows.
Open reading follows featured guest.
Open reading follows.
Open readings follow.
Open rebuke is better than love carefully concealed.
Open rebuke is better than secret love .
Open rebuke is better than secret love.
Open rebuke is better then secret love.
Open records are a fight with the government for the fair right to know.
Open records are one of the many changes needed.
Open records request.
Open recreation is available for preteens and teens.
Open recreation is considered to be an important part of the overall recreational sports offerings.
Open reduction becomes necessary.
Open reels break.
Open regions have field lines going out into space.
Open regionalism can give impetus to the best option, multilateralism.
Open registration allows students to enroll at any time.
Open registration begins immediately.
Open registration begins.
Open registration continues until classes start, if space remains available.
Open registration continues, based on placement availability.
Open registration continues, based on placement availablility.
Open registration continues.
Open registration follows early registration and continues up to the first day of classes.
Open registration is available by appointment only.
Open registration is available for both volleyball and softball leagues.
Open registration is currently underway.
Open registration is for both residents and non-residents.
Open registration is for out of district guests and residents who miss the random draw deadline.
Open Registration is now in progress.
Open registration takes place one week before the start of the fall or spring semesters.
Open registration takes place the few days prior to classes beginning each semester.
Open rehearsals are Thursdays and Sundays.
Open rehearsals offer a rare opportunity to observe the process of shaping a performance.
Open rehearsals offer intriguing glimpses of performances in formation.
Open relationships magnify existing conditions within a relationship.
Open repair is generally painful with a relatively long recovery period.
Open repair is necessary if strength and functional recovery are the prime objectives.
Open request opens existing, saved requests, and Save request saves the current request parameters.
Open reserves circulate for three days and closed reserves for two hours or overnight.
Open responses indicate that the listener has heard the feelings behind the words.
Open returns nonzero upon success, the undefined value otherwise.
Open returns provide a significant depressurization source in the immediate vicinity of the unit.
All open riding is subject to reservations.
Open risers can become trip hazards and disorientate people.
Open roasters are very versatile.
Open rooms are the most popular, providing a great deal of easy exposure.
Open rudeness can come only from one who feels inferior .
Open rush is conducted throughout the academic year.
Open sandals are best.
Open schedules are also available where students sign up on a first-come first served basis.
Open schedules are similar to aircraft.
Open script assumes that the mexcities.dbf table is the active document.
Open season is year-round.
Open seats are much more competitive because the unfair advantages of incumbency are removed.
An open secret is a secret
Open secrets are oxymorons.
Open secrets are secrets.
Open Secrets Find out where the money is coming from to support the candidates - national and local.
Open Secrets Find out who's donating how much to whom.
Open section has no antenna limitations.
Open sensuality is part of their lifestyle.
Open sessions are also available.
OPEN sessions are suitable for any level of experience - beginner through advanced.
Open sessions welcome people to call and register.
Open setups can have long straight paths because they are architecturally necessary.
Open sewages are also common in many areas and affect negatively the quality of water.
Open sewers drain foul-smelling, brown water into a nearby river.
Open sewers exist along side food bazaars.
Open sewers flow down the dirt streets, which are deeply rutted by erosion.
Open sewers line the road.
Open shade can also produce good results with some help from filters and film.
Open shade is a much better choice.
Open shade provides bright light, but no direct sunlight.
Open sharing is the key to providing the most good for the most kids .
Open shelves are better than a toy box because children can see the toys more easily.
Open shelves can help to display art pieces and create a focal point.
Open shelves display the models and other materials.
Open shelves facilitate browsing.
Open shipments are shaded .
Open shoes can pose problems for children.
Open show includes swap meet.
Open sides make it easy to insert and remove bagels.
Open sight is sights
Open sights are good at medium ranges in all light levels.
Open sin is o. k.
Open sites are difficult to detect as they can be large and scattered.
Open sites have phone numbers listed.
Open skies is the optimal form of agreement.
Open slots are available for reservations for demos, presentations, etc.
Open slots are devoted to our patients care and rehab.
Any open slots are then open for audition by any member of the band who plays the needed instrument.
An open society is a society
Open societies are resilient and just.
Open societies are societies.
Open societies do best when information is free, and when problems can be tackled by many minds.
Open societies share their ideas and their culture.
Open society get crazier and crazier.
More open societies do better.
Open software allows any brand of immunoassay to be used with the system.
Open software has a special appeal.
Open sores are a pathway to infections, which are the cause of death in many cases.
Open sores called fissures can develop, which are often painful.
Open sores can develop on the bumps.
Open sores can really hurt in the tub.
Open source accelerates the development process.
Open source allows programmers to read, modify and redistribute source code.
Open source applies more broadly than software.
Open source attracts open minds.
Open source becomes a check on government's power to monopolistic code.
Open source builds product.
Open source can be a great source of inexpensive job training.
Open source comes in .tardist extension files.
Open source continues to make great advances and delivers innovation to enterprise users worldwide.
Open source describes a new way of developing software with tremendous benefits to end users.
Open source does encourage peer review, both for security and for code quality.
Open source does have certain practical benefits for large software companies.
Open source does present more unknowns than a traditional commercial software model.
Open source gives the user the benefit of control over the technology the user is investing in.
Open source goes far beyond the question of who owns software code.
Open source has no secrets.
Open source has no such problems.
Open source has the potential to benefit the software consumer in much the same way.
Open source has the ring of a buzzword for the corporate world.
Open source implies a development methodology that is shared by both.
Open source implies constant peer review.
Open source improves communication and facilitates sharing ideas.
Open source is a barn-raising, a community gathering that can improve everyone's lives.
Open source is a business model first, and a security strategy second.
Open source is a critical means to an end.
Open source is a different movement.
Open source is a good match for what team leaders want.
Open source is a great thing for everyone.
Open source is a major way to gather developer momentum.
Open source is a remarkable concept.
Open source is a tactic.
Open source is a term used for software source code published on the Internet for all to use.
Open source is a very powerful way to stimulate development.
Open source is about as close as many techno-geeks come to considering something holy.
Open source is about expanding.
Open source is about giving software away for free and allowing others to redistribute it.
Open source is acceptable and even encouraged for European projects.
Open source is advantageous for existing standards and can benefit from fast evolution.
Open source is all about opening the gates between providers of value.
Open source is almost the same thing as free software .
Open source is almost the same thing as free software.
Open source is an incredible thing.
Open source is an umbrella.
Open source is available.
Open source is both a child and a parent of the Internet.
Open source is clearly a public benefit.
Open source is computer source code made freely available.
Open source is doomed anyway.
Open source is good for business.
Open source is good for generic solutions, but the value is in off-handed applications.
Open source is great for two reasons.
Open source is great, but very few people build their systems from source.
Open source is here to stay.
Open source is just one more tool they can use to differentiate themselves.
Open source is most likely to happen when both parties gain a benefit.
Open source is no bad thing.
Open source is no panacea, and it is has some very obvious shortcomings.
Open source is on the side of cosmic justice.
Open source is out there, chapter, verse, and byte.
Open source is primarily about software licensing.
Open source is ready for the enterprise.
Open source is seen as both a threat and an opportunity to a major industry.
Open source is slated as the new mode of economy for the new age.
Open source is software that can be freely shared with no one person owning the code.
Open source is the best way for businesses to guarantee complete control of their IT agendas.
Open source is the common denominator.
Open source is the foundation of our business model.
Open source is the future folks.
Open source is the right road to take.
Open source is the story of parallel development efforts.
Open source is the way to go.
Open source is ultimately about communication.
Open source is very effective at rapidly integrating new ideas into software.
Open source leads to better, less expensive software.
Open source leads to multiple versions.
Open source leaves the door open for crackers to find security flaws quickly.
Open source makes more sense than ever in today's cost-conscious climate.
Open source makes our software easier to customize.
Open source means complexity made public . . .
Open source means software source code is publicly available.
Open source means that it is possible for anyone to use and modify.
Open source means that the underlying computer code is freely available to everyone.
Open source needs more software to gain wider acceptance.
Open source offers too many obvious and compelling advantages to whatever has come before.
Open source permits great independence.
Open source relies on people sitting around and sharing voluntarily.
Open source represents accessibility.
Open source runs a lot of stuff now.
Open source seems to be a great forum for encouraging childish behavior.
Open source shows up in the news most often in stories about the Linux operating system.
Open source teaches by example how to do things.
Open source transcends the ordinary corporate bounds.
Open source turns software into a commodity and hardware vendors benefit.
Open sources are software.
Open sources augment the information collected by traditional methods.
Open sources threaten their reason to exist.
Open space allows the kitchen to join with the living room.
Open space allows the natural environment to exist alongside the built environment.
Open space benefits our community in many ways.
Open space can provide access to wildlife creating a healthy ecosystem.
Open space can save a city millions of dollars in construction costs.
Open space comes in many forms.
Open space continues to be a matter of active interest.
Open space continues to disappear at an alarming rate in New Castle County.
Open space costs less than industrial, residential and commercial in municipal services.
Open space creates ward focus.
Open space ends in being enclosed in a wall onto which the pictures are projected.
Open space enhances our quality of life.
Open space establishes a quality of life that attracts businesses and others to relocate.
Open space falls into two categories.
Open space gives all employees, from the janitor to the CEO, the nerve to suggest wild innovations.
Open space helps state and local governments work efficiently.
Open space inbetween the different blocks represent main streets.
Open space includes farmlands, forests, wetlands, and conservation easement areas.
Open space includes meadows, wet meadows, sandy moraines and vernal ponds.
Open space includes river frontage, picnic tables and benches, trees, flowers and turf areas.
Open Space invites high levels of creativity with concrete problem-solving results.
Open space invites people to make a connection with the natural world.
Open space is a change in a physical organization of classrooms.
Open space is a critical issue within Atlantic County.
Open space is a problem, safety a concern, and facilities an issue.
Open space is a vital component of a balanced, attractive, and desirable urban environment.
Open space is acquired in a variety of different ways using a variety of funding sources.
Open space is also available for the construction of new facilities.
Open space is also necessary to maintain Ohio's unique wild plants and animals.
Open space is ample.
Open space is at stake.
Open space is available for firms requiring their own assembly and light manufacturing facilities.
Open space is available for prospective users to construct their own facilities.
Open space is critical to our quality of life.
Open space is defined as a park or recreational facility of a landscaped, open character.
Open space is easy to get to.
Open space is empty space.
Open Space Is enough space available for movement.
Open space is for the enjoyment of all the people of Warwick.
Open space is good for business.
Open space is good.
Open space is land that is deliberately left undeveloped.
Open space is located in bridges.
Open space is located in countrysides.
Open space is located in desks.
Open space is lost revenue.
Open space is many things to different people.
Open space is more than woods to walk in or a pretty view.
Open space is necessary for many New Hampshire wildlife species.
Open space is needed.
Open space is nice.
Open space is right up there as well, and in fact they are all connected with each other.
Open space is saved and innovative non-car transport services have been stimulated.
Open space is seen as a very important issue.
Open space is utilized for the planting of fruits and forests trees.
Open space is vulnerable, and once lost it is lost forever.
Open space keeps property taxes lower.
Open space lasts indefinitely, and benefits posterity, but posterity has no voice in a democracy.
Open space leaves more room for the mind.
Open space maintains a quality of life that is unequivocally treasured in the West.
Open space makes economic sense.
Open space means deforestation.
Open space means that all aspects of quality are maintained for the benefit of the land.
Open space means vacant land where rebuilding was given up for lack of money.
Open space plays an important role is shaping the character of the community.
Open space preserves our heritage.
Open space produces a tax revenue surplus that subsidizes other land uses.
Open space protects our health and welfare.
Open space provides for a viable production base to accommodate worldwide food and fiber demands.
Open space provides healthful living conditions.
Open space see through view from the front and back.
Open space serves as an important recreational resource.
Open space serves many important functions in a community.
Open space supports property owner.
Open space tends to further separate the single-purpose developments from each other.
Open spaces abound here many of which offer lovely views of the harbor and town.
Open spaces are also part of our national heritage of parks and wilderness.
Open spaces are available to any graduate student or faculty member.
Open spaces are best.
Open spaces are important to our heritage and environment, and are under pressure for development.
Open spaces can.
Open spaces continue to allow for flexible uses like badmitten.
Open spaces gives an oportunity to use sniper guns and homing missiles.
Open spaces help stir the soul and renew our spirits.
Open spaces provide lots of room to run and play.
Open spaces provide places where people can escape the confines of urban and suburban living.
Open Spaces relate to the public edge.
Any open space is free game.
Every open space is filled with women trying to get that move just right.
More open space is needed.
More open space is required the higher the density of development.
Open spots are limited.
Open spots have holes in the middle as found on the domestic Bengal cat , for example.
Some open spots are still available in the lighter classes.
Open sprinklers are sprinklers that have had their heat sensing elements removed.
Open squares are individuals tested only in winter.
Open squares are the ensemble.
Open squares represent the sites of input of uncorrelated white noise.
Open squares show the number of adjacent mines.
Open stables are too much in use still, the horses being very apt to kick one another.
Open stacks allow library users to readily retrieve materials.
Open stacks allow users to browse.
Open stacks are available for browsing.
Open stacks are self service except for reserve materials.
Open stacks give direct access to the collection.
Open stacks give users free access to books.
Open stacks provide easy access to materials.
Open stacks provide optimum access by the user to the library's collections.
Open staircase leads to second floor guest rooms.
Open standards are a critical maturation step for widespread service deployment.
Open standards are a key contributing factor to the ongoing growth of the e-learning industry.
Open standards are critical to the adoption of a new technology.
Open standards are essential.
Open standards are key contributors to interoperability.
Open standards are one result of competing with.
Open standards are protocols that everyone has free access to develop with.
Open standards are the keys to unlock the Internet next generation.
Open standards are they key to interacting with similar systems.
Open standards are what make interoperability possible.
Open standards based is a critical aspect.
Open standards benefit everyone, both system providers and user s.
Open standards deliver freedom of choice and stimulate innovation.
Open standards enable rapid parallel development of Internet billing solutions by multiple parties.
Open standards enable thousands of individuals and companies to work together to make a new medium.
Open standards is along the same lines.
Open standards tend to level the playing field.
Open standards win.
Open stomates permit maximal absorption of the growth retardant.
Open straights give the player twice as many cards available to win.
All open streams are closed, writing out any buffered output data.
Open structure provides some protection for the community.
Open structures involve all staff members in elementary decisions.
Open studio is a great program for both the public and members alike.
Open studios enable artists to show art within the environment in which it is created.
Open studios happen three times a year.
Open Studios is the world's largest annual art show.
Open Studios offers a relaxed but exciting way for adults and children to learn more about the arts.
Open studios provide a unique opportunity to work independently with other students and artists.
Open submissions welcome.
Open subscription allows any user to subscribe to the list without approval from the owner.
OPEN subscriptions means that anyone can subscribe to the list without approval.
Open substitution is permitted between games.
Open sunlight is required for best growth.
Open surface curing of both vinylesters and polyesters requires a surfacing agent.
Open surgery is used when the prostate is very enlarged.
Open surgery presents relatively few problems.
Open surgery requires general anesthesia, which makes the patient unconscious during the operation.
Open swim is in the large pool.
Open swimming is just that, open swimming.
Open Swing gives swing dancers a chance to show their prepared routines.
Open symbols are back-arc lavas, there is a mixture of mantle and subduction signatures.
Open symbols are back-arc samples.
Open symbols are controls.
Open symbols correspond to defoliated plants and close symbols to non-defoliated plants.
Open symbols indicate spurious data.
Open symbols represent electron data and solid symbols represent helium data.
Open symbols represent unaffected individuals, black symbols represent affected individuals.
Open symbols show relatively wet years.
Open system architectures for remote diagnostics and control.
Open System Is a system where both matter and energy can cross the boundary of the system.
Open systems allow access via the Internet.
Open systems allow users to communicate and share data across different platforms.
Open systems architecture An architecture whose specifications are public.
Open systems are also more accomodating to the claustrophobic and obese patients.
Open systems are also the direction vendors are taking.
Open systems are at the heart of today's communications and networking world.
Open systems are best for that purpose.
Open systems are common in nature.
Open systems are dynamic systems that interact with and respond to their environment.
Open systems are expandable, applications and software can come from multiple vendors.
Open systems are interoperable with multiple vendors' Sonet and other transmission equipment.
Open systems are linear and have no feedback, such as a light switch.
Open systems are quite different.
Open systems are standards-based, vendor neutral, and consensus maintained.
Open systems are systems that interact with their environment.
Open systems are the way of the future.
Open systems are very common in the physical environment.
Open systems continue to be more widely used in critical business applications.
Open systems create competition.
Open systems evaporate cooling water and use a large amount of raw makeup water.
Open systems evolve while closed systems decay.
Open systems foster a marketplace of content rather than a competition for market share.
Open systems give users choice.
Open systems have lower pressures and less of an ability to distribute blood to needy areas.
Open systems invite ingenuity, competition and collaboration.
Open systems is really about solutions from multiple vendors on multiple platforms.
Open systems lack capillaries and the blood perfuses through the tissues of the animal's body.
Open systems means better comparability with other PC systems.
Open systems receive inputs from the environment.
Open systems release the PCB s successively to the environment.
Open systems require minimal investment in terms of light source and operations.
Open systems seems to be the direction of the future.
Open systems stimulate competition and keep costs down.
Open systems thrive by allowing oraganic plurality.
Open systems thrive by allowing organic plurality.
Open systems thrive, closed ones wither.
Open systems thrive.
Open systems win over time.
All open systems are goal seeking and adaptive.
Every open system call results in the invocation of the open entry point.
More open systems reduce the risk of opportunistic renegotiation and shirking.
Open tags are a one-shot deal, a single tag indicating a single action.
Open team is for ALL ages.
Open teams can select any name for their group.
Open technique is associated with markedly less frequent access injury than closed.
Open terms are net from the date of the invoice.
Open terrain is habitat for fleet-footed Roadrunners.
Open terrain makes it easier to see the deer.
More open terrain is habitat of fleet-footed roadrunners.
Open terrariums are drier and less subject to diseases.
Open territories are still available in several areas and industries.
Many open territories are available.
Open text is a good search engine for the advanced searcher.
Open therapies create open markets which tend to keep prices within a reasonable range.
Open tiles allow communication between teams.
Open time is the amount of time for the adhesive to set before it is covered with the flooring.
Open times are for individual use.
Open times are the same as the gallery.
Open times vary depending on museum.
Open tips are a sign of over-maturity.
Open tips are an indication that the asparagus are over-mature.
Open topologies are necesarilly clopen.
Open tours call for reservations.
Open tournaments are a frequently recurring theme here.
Open trade begins with open ports.
Open trade boosts economic growth.
Open trade creates jobs for the unemployed.
Open trade has a ripple effect across U.S. agriculture.
Open trade helps create stability, fosters prosperity, and lays the foundations for liberty.
Open trade is an essential foundation for that prosperity and that possibility.
Open trade means more competition, less government regulation, and less red tape.
Open trade raises prosperity and increases freedom.
More open trade means new opportunities.
Open trails are hard to find around here.
Open transport is available upon request.
Open triangle is the summit of volcano.
Open triangles are volcanoes.
Open tryouts begin right after school starts.
Open tuna can and drain tuna.
Open university is an attempt to cooperatively offer the best intercollegiate classes in the world.
Open valves allow blood flow in only one direction.
Open vehicles are also there to explore further afield.
Open ventilation means they are comfortable.
More open view elicits strong appeal.
Open villains are obviously easy to identify.
Open visions are external, and are viewed with the clarity of a movie screen.
Open vistas allow hiker to observe grizzlies at safe distances.
Open water absorbs heat.
Open water allows continuous evaporation of lake water, even during winter months.
Open water appears in gray-green tones.
Open water attracts wildlife year round.
Open water dives one and two.
Open water dives One and Two.
Open water dives three and four.
Open water dives Three and Four.
Open water dives upon completion of the course.
Open water is attractive to diving ducks in winter.
Open water is between the ice and shore in most areas.
Open water is black, while roads and towns are white and magenta.
Open water is darker and absorbs heat better.
Open water is essential for survival of free living stages and for the snail habitat.
Open water is extremely attractive in the winter when many ponds are frozen over.
Open water is highly absorptive in all bands, and appears black.
Open water is scarce in most of the Arctic throughout most of the year.
Open water is usually a second choice.
Open water is usually available all winter.
Open water lies ahead.
Open water separates the coastal tundra from barrier islands holding back the ice.
Open water surrounding our area is very high in salt content, rendering it undrinkable.
Open water valves to the clothes washing machine.
Open waters are habitats for loons, grebes, and ducks.
Open waters attract waterfowl throughout the winter.
Most open water absorbs heat.
Much open water exists between bay campsites.
Open wells are a threat to health and safety.
Open wells offer tempting disposal receptacles for liquid and solid wastes.
Open wells used near mixing-loading sites are particularly vulnerable to contamination.
Open window comes up.
Open Window Opens a window using a form button.
Open Window Opens a window using a link.
Open windows account for a surprising amount of heat loss.
Open windows are a good compromise.
Open windows can also compromise the security of the house.
Open windows can be a fuel-saving alternative to air conditioning at low city speeds.
Open windows create an aerodynamic drag, slowing the car.
Open windows explorer in a matched file's directory to check the contents.
Open windows increase drag and reduce mileage.
Open windows increase the drag on the car and use more fuel, particularly in highway driving.
Open windows make entry easy for the break-in.
Open windows provide island breezes while the air conditioning keeps the temparature comfortable.
Every open window falls right into place.
Many open windows have broader purple lines.
Open winters are hard on alfalfa.
Open wood stoves in the mountainous villages cause untold damage to all the villagers' health.
Open woodland is at high elevations in some mountains.
Open workshops meet at various places of power in Europe.
Open wounds allow fungi to get in.
Open wounds are a fairly direct expression of emotional pain.
Open wounds are also susceptible to fly strike.
Open wounds are more susceptible to getting infected in jungle environments.
Open wounds are subject to infection.
Open wounds attract blood-hungry flies.
Open wounds increase the chances of a picnic beetle carrying the fatal oak wilt fungus to the tree.
All open wounds are at risk to get tetanus.
Any open wounds provide an easy entry point for the virus.
Open yard has mature fruit and pine trees.
Open year round seven days a week.
Opens already are the culmination of a series of clay court and hard court events, respectively.
Opens andsoftens the wayfor the useof otherstones.
Opens are areas.
Opens are immediate until filled.
Opens are tournaments.
Opens cause opens.
Opens Read about the exciting grand opening.
Openable containers have opacity.
Openable windows provide natural ventilation.
OpenCable participants say that nontechnical issues complicate the picture.
Opened cells reveal an egg and developing pupae.
Opened flowers appear rotted and discolored and fall prematurely.
Opened videotapes are non-returnable.
An opener is a start
Opener isa beginning.
Openers are activities conducted near the beginning of a session.
Openers are electric motorized devices that open and close garage doors.
Openers are everywhere.
Openers are given out on a first come, first serve basis.
Openers are hand tools.
Openers are mostly local.
Openers are often from the local area.
Openers are starts.
Openers are tools.
Openers can be one-dimensional beings and more comfortable facing the quicker bowlers.
Most openers require that much disturbance to place the seed and fertilizer into a seedbed.
Some openers spread seed and fertilizer vertically.
OpenGL knowledge is appreciated.
OpenGL lighting is finicky.
OpenGL performance is garbage.
Opening act is tba.
Opening band does it's schtick.
Opening band is West of Rome .
Opening bands are often so good that their members get asked to join headlining acts.
Opening bands are Shaking Tree and Half Ton Club from Minneapolis.
Opening book is provided.
Opening books opens minds.
Opening ceremonies are a traditional element of the tour and includes a drivers parade.
Opening ceremonies are in the planning stages with more information to be announced later.
Opening ceremonies are invariably a recitation of the pledge, law, and oath.
Opening ceremonies kick off.
Opening ceremony is ceremony.
Opening ceremony is open to the media.
Opening days are holidays.
Opening doors protect the detectors during launch and act as sun shields when in orbit.
Opening hours are also different from other Parisian restaurants, they open and close early.
Opening hours are by prior arrangement.
Opening hours are colour-coded.
Opening hours are complicated in their detail, so call first.
Opening hours are from early morning until late.
Opening hours are good, and include weekends and bank holidays.
Opening hours are long and include evenings and weekends in term time.
Opening hours are slightly shorter during holidays.
Opening hours are subject to change, especially during holidays and towards the end of semester.
Opening hours are the same as the museum's.
Opening hours are very limited and it is closed on week-ends.
Opening hours Open all year with no curfew or lockout.
Opening hours Open all year with no curfew.
Opening hours vary according to season.
Opening hours vary according to the region and local laws.
Opening hours vary according to time of year, daily in high season.
Opening hours vary across the libraries and according to the time of the year.
Opening hours vary across the system.
Opening hours vary between site libraries and between term and vacation.
Opening hours vary between sites, please check in advance for details.
Opening hours vary between term-time and vacations.
Opening hours vary but are generally weekdays.
Opening hours vary during examination periods, three-week periods and holidays.
Opening hours vary from one museum to another.
Opening hours vary from province to province.
Opening hours vary from town to town since shops can regulate their own hours.
Opening hours vary on each campus.
Opening hours vary seasonally, so phone to check.
Opening hours vary so check details.
Opening hours vary so it is best to check.
Opening hours vary throughout the year.
Opening hours vary, but staff are usually around in the afternoon.
Opening hours vary.
An opening night is a start
Opening Night concludes with post-game fireworks.
Opening night includes champagne reception for each production.
Opening night includes videos and a talk by the artist.
Opening night is a week or two long.
Opening night is an unspecified gala performance.
Opening night is Cruising Night.
Opening night is FREE to students with I.D. - reservations are still required.
Opening night is kind of special.
Opening night is more formal, but customarily semi-formal attire is fine.
Opening night is tonight.
Opening night offers two films with a buzz.
Opening night seems like a long time ago.
Opening night showcases a promising new documentary.
Opening nights are a time to celebrate.
Opening nights are located in theaters.
Opening nights have a tangible feeling of nervous and charged energy.
Opening paragraph is important.
Opening paragraphs create the reader s first impressions.
Opening statements are to be three minutes per team.
Opening statements begin.
Opening statements come first.
Opening statements mark the start of a criminal trial.
Opening statements outline the facts that each party expects to establish during the trial.
Opening statements start today.
An opening is space
Opening are late night, early morning and afternoons.
Opening can be rectangular or circular and can be eccentric to beam mid-depth.
Opening closes with a simple prayer of thanksgiving for our families, homes, and friends.
Opening constantly drains pus to the skin.
Opening depends on weather.
Opening do to program expansion.
Opening draws reader in, and closing relates thematically to opening.
Opening has gold piping outlined in antique black seed beads.
Opening includes birthday bank for birthdays during that month to be recognized.
Opening involves a cascade of events.
Opening is a bit shaky.
Opening is a critical position.
Opening is achieved by using the ambidextrous thumb disk.
Opening is at our Rochester, NY headquarters.
Opening is available immediately.
Opening is completed.
Opening is current.
Opening is designed to hold securely on the smallest scape as well as the largest.
Opening is due to an internal promotion.
Opening is easy with extended cover edges.
Opening is for our corporate office in Buffalo Grove, Illinois.
Opening is immediate, to be filled as soon as possible.
Opening is immediate.
Opening is in our Columbia, South Carolina location.
Opening is minimum for closet door.
Opening is otherwise standard.
Opening is planned in late summer.
Opening is standard.
Opening is straightforward, but the jam segment is particularly funky.
Opening is straightforward.
Opening is the reverse.
Opening is the second position on a two person, full-time sports staff.
Opening is uneventful.
Opening is uninteresting to reader.
Opening is very narrow.
Opening is weather dependent.
Opening matched with identified needs, new resources usually go to high needs.
Opening moves Too conservative offers lose value.
Opening now flows more towards back of car.
Opening occurs primarily in the morning.
Opening permits insertion of wire rope while block is suspended.
Opening Put the person being appraised at ease.
Opening Read the passage and pray together.
Opening refers to the first appearance of the unit at our website.
Opening refers to the official debut of a movie.
Opening soon drop back.
Opening Use an opening from the programs book that is in theme.
Openings allow staff to easily move to the public terminal area to assist users.
Openings also exist in the food and beverage industry.
Openings also exist in training and control work.
Openings also exist within our internship program.
Openings are all over the state and are listed alphabetically by job title.
Openings are also an aid to hunting and can be beneficial in obtaining adequate deer harvests.
Openings are also available at some of our on-site offices.
Openings are also available in the air crew and diver programs.
Openings are also good areas to be maintained by fire.
Openings are artifacts.
Openings are available around the country.
Openings are available as space permits.
Openings are available at all levels, degreed or non-degreed.
Openings are available at all levels.
Openings are available at all locations.
Openings are available at each office.
Openings are available at the staff or support scientist levels.
Openings are available days, evenings, weekends.
Openings are available for a wide range of positions.
Openings are available for all sections.
Openings are available for all strings.
Openings are available for both summer and fall.
Openings are available for departmental trainees.
Openings are available for female and male models.
Openings are available for full and part-time positions.
Openings are available for morning, afternoon and all-day shifts.
Openings are available for musicians and vocalists.
Openings are available for singers and instruments.
Openings are available for singles and couples who meet the income requirements.
Openings are available for teachers willing to move to rural areas as well.
Openings are available for three and four year old children, but are filling up fast.
Openings are available for writers, photographers, and in advertising sales.
Openings are available immediately.
Openings are available in Africa, the Americas, Asia, the Pacific and Eastern Europe.
Openings are available in all aspects of the guard.
Openings are available in all classes.
Openings are available in all sections.
Openings are available in Australia or Hawaii.
Openings are available in cities across the United States.
Openings are available in every group.
Openings are available in news and news production.
Openings are available in several program areas.
Openings are available in the beautiful South Bay Area of California.
Openings are available in the elementary , junior high , and high school campuses.
Openings are available in the lab and retail areas.
Openings are available in the northeast and central regions of United States.
Openings are available in the spring, summer, and fall.
Openings are available NOW for walking and biking enthusiasts.
Openings are available on a first come-first served basis.
Openings are available on planning committees and for event day activities.
Openings are available on teams in most divisions.
Openings are available, and training is provided.
Openings are by audition when available.
Openings are ceremony.
Openings are closed and drawers are eassembled.
Openings are contingent upon authorization.
Openings are crucial.
Openings are current.
Openings are currently available for entry-level hardware and software engineers.
Openings are dependent on availability.
Openings are dependent upon final approval and funding.
Openings are events.
Openings are extra-wide for efficient shell freezing and suited for bulky samples.
Openings are for both permanent and contract positions.
Openings are for entry through expert levels, at pay bands one through four.
Openings are for full time Missionary positions.
Openings are for our corporate office in Buffalo Grove, Illinois.
Openings are for tenure-track faculty at all levels.
Openings are full time only.
Openings are great of course.
Openings are immediate and for two years, renewable to four.
Openings are immediate, unless otherwise stated.
Openings are immediate.
Openings are important.
Openings are in Bergen County, NJ and Central Israel.
Openings are in both the school touring unit and for the concert company.
Openings are in reporting, copy editing, graphic art, photo or on editorial page.
Openings are in sports , the copy desk , and for a reporte r.
Openings are in the same type of work as for school leavers.
Openings are introductions.
Openings are joyous with food, friends, family and flowers.
Openings are late afternoons, evenings, and weekends.
Openings are limited and college entrance exams pressure students to study long hours.
Openings are limited to U.S. citizens or non-citizens currently studying in the U.S. or Europe.
Openings are limited, so call early.
Openings are limited.
Openings are motion.
Openings are much smaller than the diameter of the wire.
Openings are nationwide.
Openings are often available at other times as well.
Openings are on-going.
Openings are opportunity.
Openings are part of surfaces.
Openings are pleasant now instead of worrisome.
Openings are predominantly short-term but are available in many countries.
Openings are presently in New York and Washington.
Openings are rare and men seem to have a better chance at being hired.
Openings are small enough to catch most falling tools and other objects.
Openings are soft and on heading.
Openings are sometimes tough for a director.
Openings are space.
Openings are starts.
Openings are still available among the brass, percussion and color guard.
Openings are still available for each workshop.
Openings are still available for players, and there are two levels of sponsorships.
Openings are still available for the first four couples to sign up.
Openings are still available in the senior volunteer police division.
Openings are still available.
Openings are subject to change.
Openings are the biggest change.
Openings are the toughest thing for most presenters.
Openings are then available on a first come, first serve basis.
Openings are very limited.
Openings are vice president, treasurer, and two board members.
Openings are wet without drainage.
Openings are with national, regional, and local firms.
Openings Be part of an effective wellness and safe exercise program for seniors.
Openings become available periodically.
Openings call for tuxedos and long dresses.
Openings can and do become available.
Openings can pop up in some unexpected directions.
Openings close quickly, and opponents often rush shots because of that.
Openings cover a wide range.
Openings create a work s theme music and provide the first information readers receive.
Openings created by timber harvesting also increase wildlife habitat.
Openings develop when workers move to different jobs in the hospitality and tourism sector.
Openings do occur from time to time, especially with the school-aged programs.
Openings exist between the carapace and plastron for the head, tail, and limbs.
Openings exist for both entry level and experienced economists.
Openings exist for both entry level or experienced toxicologists.
Openings exist for full-time permanent and temporary positions.
Openings exist for math, science and other specialty areas.
Openings exist for mechanical as well as electrical disciplines.
Openings exist for sales training positions, repair technicians and management training.
Openings exist for string players and a few other sections of the orchestra.
Openings exist in a variety of departments and locations.
Openings exist in academic, industrial, and non-profit environments.
Openings exist in all regions of the country.
Openings exist in all sections.
Openings exist in both professional and semi-professional orchestras.
Openings exist in Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and the Americas.
Openings exist in New Jersey, Denver, Colorado and the Washington DC area.
Openings exist in several locations.
Openings exist in several newly created territories.
Openings exist in some locations for all ratings, even PSs.
Openings exist in the programs listed below.
Openings exist in the United States and Europe.
Openings exist nationwide in major metropolitan areas.
Openings exist nationwide.
Openings exist throughout the county.
Openings exist throughout the state.
Openings extend inside the three dimensional pieces.
Openings go to applicants on a first qualified basis.
Openings have names, and extensive theory has been worked out by masters.
Openings is free to individual members.
Openings mark the setting of the moon at both sourthern declination and northern declination.
Openings normally feature flux gallery members.
Openings occur all the time and new opportunities open as government grants are announced.
Openings occur as positions become vacant.
Openings occur in various clinics and locations.
Openings occur occasionally and bystanders are notified.
Openings occur occasionally, usually at entry level.
Openings occur periodically.
Openings occur spontaneously and without much prior notice.
Openings occur through the daytime and into the night.
Openings occur throughout the year when students graduate or leave the program.
Openings occur without much prior notice.
Openings pop up all the time.
Openings provide nutritious browse, insects, hiding cover, berries, etc.
Openings range from entry level positions to technical and professional positions.
Openings range from entry level to senior software engineers.
Openings range from entry level to technical and professional positions.
Openings range from entry-level to advanced professional positions.
Openings range from one to twelve months, as well as one year and two year degree programs.
Openings remain for about six more papers within the schedule.
Openings remain in both divisions.
Openings remain in several programs.
Openings represent all types of work, although most are in the private sector and are full time.
Openings still are available for the following events.
Openings still exist for both sessions.
Openings take several seconds and are like sitting down in an easy chair.
Openings vary each month.
Openings vary from year to year.
Openings vary, based on current age groups.
Openings frequently occur at the joints of duct segments.
Openings often occur due to service demands and retirements.
Openings sometimes develop throughout the school year.
All openings are anterior - easy to remove and apply.
All openings are easy to access and sized for any support strap or other device.
All openings are for full-time positions.
All openings are large, and enclosed areas have at least two escape routes.
All openings are round arched, except for the proscenium.
All openings are subject to budgetary approval.
All openings are subject to change without warning.
All openings are temp to hire and require previous experience.
All openings currently are in the high-tech fields.
All openings have a deadline for applications to be submitted for consideration.
All openings have white masonry lintels and sills.
All openings initially affect our market share.
All openings require some English language ability.
Many openings also exist on the Chicago campus, located in the near north Loop area.
Many openings are available.
Many openings are for seasonal employment.
Many openings arise from replacing people who leave the occupation.
Most openings are at the rank of assistant professor.
Most openings are for second and third shifts.
Most openings are growth-oriented, newly created opportunities within our team of skilled employees.
Most openings are in low-paying sectors, such as agriculture and education.
Most openings are in our field offices.
Most openings are in the private sector.
Most openings are international or in New York.
Most openings are likely to be in the organizations that do the most attorney hiring.
Most openings contain sash windows.
Most openings occur at the end of a semester.
Most openings occur because experienced painters retire or leave the occupation.
Most openings occur during the summer months.
Most openings occur when an employee takes another job.
Some openings also exist for work in art foundries or as fabrication specialists.
Some openings remain.
Some openings still remain.
OpenIPO service provides an auction-based method of conducting initial public offerings online.
OpenMail user can attach a document, and fax it to any destination in the world.
Opennap servers distribute all searches between all the linked servers in the network.
Openness allows all who are impacted to evaluate the decision.
Openness allows users to get high levels of support from a variety of vendors.
Openness also implies opening previously protected domestic sectors to foreign investment.
Openness also provides protection against antitrust situations.
Openness appears everywhere as congeniality, inclusion, inspection, and most importantly, trust.
Openness becomes a scam for lack of commitment.
Openness belongs with love and commitment .
Openness builds confidence and credibility.
Openness can help in other ways.
Openness can mean many different things.
Openness concerning material support of research is a basic principle of scholarship.
Openness contributes to equitable assessments.
Openness does bring with it new challenges.
Openness does, in fact, have limits.
Openness encourages peoples creativity and their courage.
Openness generates commitment and loyalty.
Openness gives trainees a sense of freedom and encourages participation.
Openness helps to quickly resolve issues that come up and fosters trust among team members.
Openness holds the benefit therefore of enhancing our media strategy.
Openness implies vulnerability.
Openness improves government.
Openness includes all possible qualities, including masculine and feminine.
Openness Includes many interface tools to streamline communication with other systems.
Openness involves an acceptance of the unknown, the unexpected and the unforeseeable.
Openness involves removing mental obstacles to what's outside, like prejudice and preconception.
Openness is a change in spirit, as well as a set of skills and practices.
Openness is a double- edged sword.
Openness is a key condition of a relationship built on trust.
Openness is a key word for O'Hara.
Openness is a pre-requisite of trust.
Openness is a two-way street, and it shouldn t be taken for granted.
Openness is a virtue in regulation.
Openness is again the best path to a solution.
Openness is again the plea.
Openness is an in-word today.
Openness is better.
Openness is both a requirement and a catalyst.
Openness is courageous.
Openness is critical.
Openness is crucial to the artist's conception.
Openness is essential for economic growth, which can help pay for health care and sanitation.
Openness is essential.
Openness is expansion .
Openness is fundamental to the political health of a modern state.
Openness is futile.
Openness is generally better than secrecy.
Openness is good.
Openness is healthier in the long run and reduces the sense of shame around adoptions.
Openness is in everyone's best interest.
Openness is independent of coding standards.
Openness is key to public satisfaction.
Openness is more important than truth.
Openness is normal, healthy, and natural.
Openness is often very good.
Openness is our mantra.
Openness is really important.
Openness is sociability
Openness is sociability.
Openness is spacing.
Openness is the ability to respect other people's place and position.
Openness is the answer.
Openness is the best preventive of such abuses.
Openness is the culture of the age, and in most ways that is good.
Openness is the key to public confidence in our system.
Openness is the spice that helps to make difficult decisions more palatable.
Openness is the surest way to overcome tribalism.
Openness leads to a balanced story.
Openness means seeing the backroom operations.
Openness means two things to software components.
Openness needs the balance of discretion.
Openness only goes so far.
Openness pays dividends.
Openness permeates every part of our corporate culture.
Openness promotes better discussion and more responsive action by government officials.
Openness refers to the degree of sharing with others, one's inner thoughts and feelings.
Openness requires information to be made freely available to everyone as fast as possible.
Openness requires that all aspects of the purchasing process be available for public scrutiny.
Openness seems to be the only key to healing.
Openness serves the child best.
Openness stimulates positive feelings in buyers.
Openness stimulates positive feelings in the mind of buyers.
Openness takes the pastor one step beyond honesty.
Openness Talking about someone behind their back is powerfully destructive.
Openness talks the same lingo, though openness theologians try to work out of a more biblical base.
More openness is needed.
More openness is one of the key changes which is required to drive change.
OpenPIC interrupts work fine now.
Openscript programming is similar in functionality and syntax to Visual Basic programming.
OpenType files have the ability to define font names in multiple languages.
OpenType fonts support glyph substitution.
OpenVMS files contain data, and there are no particular character set requirements for the data.
All OpenVMS kits are available now.
OpenVoB membership includes service providers, network equipment vendors and software developers.
OpenWall patch is available.
An opera bouffe is an opera
Opera bouffe is a very challenging experience.
Opera browser hits the right notes.
Opera browser is also excellent, particularly for people with sight or physical disabilities.
An opera company is a company
Opera companies are companies.
Opera companies can no longer afford to go on the road.
Many opera companies have programs for younger singers.
Many opera companies offer informal tutorials before the performance.
Most opera companies begin in predictable ways.
Opera glasses are just binoculars with a simple, cheap lens system and a narrow field of view.
Opera glasses have central focusing system.
An opera house is a theatre
Opera houses are large buildings.
Opera houses are music museums.
Opera houses are theaters.
Opera houses tend to come with more lighting instruments for one thing.
Many opera houses offer Surtitles.
Opera music hurts monsters' ears.
Opera pumps are usually black patent or black kidskin.
Opera singers act out a story by singing instead of speaking the dialogue.
Opera singers are actors.
Opera singers are even less known for marital longevity.
Opera singers are located in operas.
Opera singers are singers.
Opera singers can also give solo performances.
Opera singers have powerful voices that resonate without benefit of a microphone.
Opera singers have to follow the score, but the pop singer can create and improvise.
Opera singers have to have powerful voices as well as a good technique.
Opera singers know.
Opera singers practice and study for several years to perfect their articulation .
All opera singers are fat, screaming ladies in horned helmets.
Most opera singers learn to work with sound systems pretty quickly.
Some opera singers share their favorite recipes.
An opera is musical style
Opera adds a dimension to drama that is larger than life.
Opera also comes at a cost.
Opera also handles background and borders on inline elements incorrectly.
Opera also handles line height incorrectly because it misinterprets the definition of font size.
Opera also has a number of clever, single-key shortcuts.
Opera also has a number of other really useful features.
Opera also includes a news reader and simple mail support.
Opera also includes event-driven sounds.
Opera also is among the most complex of art forms.
Opera also is based in Norway.
Opera also offers many options for sys admins, webdesigners, and programmers at their site.
Opera also retrieves multiple documents and images at the same time.
Opera also sports a quirky, buggy and rather rudimentary integrated newsreader client.
Opera also supports center, frame, bgsound, and embed extensions.
Opera becomes the preferred entertainment of the aristocracy.
Opera being opera, the question is certain to ignite passionate discussion even today.
Opera can be difficult to understand and appreciate.
Opera can be so fake.
Opera can be very funny.
Opera can bridge the space between music and literature.
Opera can check that date to see if there is a newer version.
Opera can do that to a man.
Opera can feature the start of, or more often, the end of life, and everything in between.
Opera can reduce or enlarge the size of the text with two mouse clicks.
Opera claims to be more disability friendly and faster than the major browsers.
Opera claims to be the fastest browser available.
Opera comes close, using far fewer resources.
Opera comes close.
Opera comes in two flavors.
Opera comes with a very simple e-mail client.
Opera communicates with the ad service in order to be able to retrieve advertising content.
Opera contains similar gestures for activating other commonly used actions.
Opera definitely looks great.
Opera depends on the interaction between musical, verbal and visual texts to transmit meaning.
Opera displays it differently.
Opera displays wrong url in status bar.
Opera does a fine job rendering the page as well.
Opera does actually run faster in many circumstances.
Opera does have a few problems, of course, but nothing too crippling.
Opera does import the user's NetPositive bookmarks.
Opera does it right and everyone else does it wrong.
Opera does newsgroups only online.
Opera does some of the most consistent rendering of any browser with maybe the best CSS support.
Opera does support some of the fancy stuff.
Opera draws the graphics directly.
Opera expects to deliver a finished version of the browser by next month.
Opera fetch the redirected html file.
Opera fits on a floppy, and installs in seconds.
Opera follows the standard browser layout.
Opera handles signatures as external files.
Opera has a few drawbacks.
Opera has a forms mode.
Opera has a full-screen mode.
Opera has a lot of unique features.
Opera has a presentation mode that does auto-page breaks on screen.
Opera has a small footprint, loaded with standard features, elegant and fast.
Opera has a substantial following and has also achieved international prominence.
Opera has adjustable width.
Opera has complete keyboard control and beautiful handling of multiple windows.
Opera has it all.
Opera has no business making money.
Opera has several drawbacks - the most important for an average user probably is the price.
Opera has some drawbacks, of course.
Opera has some problems with the inline box model.
Opera has some very odd interpretations of margins on floated elements.
Opera has the power to evoke inspiration.
Opera has the three tenors.
Opera has to be artificial to be effective.
Opera has virtually none.
Opera has, time and again, proved itself faster than the competition for home users.
Opera helps protect against computer viruses.
Opera includes support for email, chat and newsgroups.
Opera involves many other art forms.
Opera is a bit confusing because all Scriptural text addresses are in blue text, also.
Opera is a browser.
Opera is a fascinating art form.
Opera is a fast, multi-platform browser which allows comprehensive keyboard access to the Internet.
Opera is a grand spectacle but it comes with a healthy price tag.
Opera is a great browser that works diligently toward adhering to browser standards .
Opera is a great Web browser.
Opera is a highly regarded browser.
Opera is a highly stylized form of music drama in the Western tradition.
Opera is a hot new browser that was developed in Norway.
Opera is a little stale.
Opera is a marvellous new web client from Norway.
Opera is a middle-class interest, and it's seen as high art.
Opera is a mixture of singing, dancing, stage design and elaborate costuming.
Opera is a musical scenery, a musical atmosphere in which the characters move and talk.
Opera is a new up and coming Web browser.
Opera is a nice little browser written by some guys in Norway.
Opera is a no-frills guide to the Web.
Opera is a play that is sung to music.
Opera is a privately held company, and the majority of stock is employee-owned.
Opera is a product of hundreds of customer requests and suggestions.
Opera is a programmer's browser, if ever there was one.
Opera is a really cool browser.
Opera is a secure browser in a small, powerful package.
Opera is a similarly demanding performance style that remains popular.
Opera is a simple, lightweight alternative.
Opera is a small fast and reliable browser.
Opera is a small, efficient browser which does everything the big ones do with much less fuss.
Opera is a small, fast web browser available as shareware.
Opera is a small, fast, customizable, powerful but user-friendly.
Opera is a small, lightweight browser from a Norwegian company.
Opera is a speedy Web browser.
Opera is a story told with music and, as such, contains all the elements of story-telling and drama.
Opera is a story.
Opera is a tricky world for the novice.
Opera is a unique experience that no other type of theater can duplicate.
Opera is a very demanding art - it is incredibly difficult.
Opera is a very small, very smart, very configurable.
Opera is a web browser that has been developed in Norway.
Opera is a wonderfully inclusive and collaborative enterprise.
Opera is able to run on nearly all computers, and is becoming a more popular browser.
Opera is aimed at people who want a better browser and are willing to pay for it.
Opera is all very well, it seems, but business is never over, even when the fat lady sings.
Opera is also among the most customizable browsers.
Opera is also compatible with most Netscape plug-ins.
Opera is also faster at laying out text.
Opera is also unable to effectively multitask.
Opera is an advanced web browser that is user-friendly, versatile and most importantly, fast.
Opera is an all-encompassing emotional medium.
Opera is an an amalgam of art forms featuring symphonic.
Opera is an art form that is hard to describe.
Opera is an art form that is so complex that it takes awhile to really understand and appreciate it.
Opera is an art that requires patience to understand and fully appreciate.
Opera is an extraordinary medium.
Opera is an extremely fast browser.
Opera is an extremely small and very fast browser and e-mail application.
Opera is an important part of Chinese culture for hundreds of years.
Opera is another Web browser which is currently gaining in popularity.
Opera is arguably the most inclusive of the arts.
Opera is available as a shareware product.
Opera is available for download on a trial basis.
Opera is basically a play set to music.
Opera is boring.
Opera is cheap, plentiful, and at least competent.
Opera is classical music.
Opera is committed to open Web standards.
Opera is compact, basic and fast.
Opera is convenient, and it has an indoor tea room as well as outdoor tables.
Opera is created with speed and efficiency in mind.
Opera is customizable.
Opera is described as fast, friendly, and customizable.
Opera is different, relying more on hearing and watching than reading.
Opera is easy to use and comes with a nice selection of bookmarks.
Opera is expensive.
Opera is extendable with plug-ins and can work with scripting languages.
Opera is extremely small and very fast.
Opera is fast and very configurable.
Opera is fast, handy and the security is at the top level .
Opera is fine.
Opera is flexible - Choose whether to show menus, buttons, scroll bars, progress information etc.
Opera is flexible.
Opera is free and supported by advertising.
Opera is free because it displays ads.
Opera IS free.
Opera is full-featured, yet fits on a single floppy.
Opera is fully customizable and easy to use.
Opera is glorious in stereo and makes good colour television.
Opera is great browser.
Opera is great, and getting better all the time.
Opera is hard work although there are moments of joy.
Opera is here and now.
Opera is hot.
Opera is ideal for disabled users .
Opera is ideal for disabled users.
Opera is ideal for people with special needs.
Opera is in every Italian s blood.
Opera is irrelevant.
Opera is just like another application.
Opera is just one of the colors of the rainbow.
Opera is known for being light weight and fast.
Opera is known for being small, fast and customizable.
Opera is larger than life.
Opera is like the old VW bug.
Opera is live theater, enhanced with music.
Opera is long.
Opera is more like melodrama.
Opera is much smaller than other major browsers.
Opera is multifarious - it's more than a collocation of voices.
Opera is music and drama.
Opera is now available in a free version, which includes a small ad bar at the top of the browser.
Opera is now free and they can test their pages in it.
Opera is now free, thanks to in-browser advertising.
Opera is now free.
Opera is one of the other guys.
Opera is opera.
Opera is our benchmark for speed and size.
Opera is part of classical music.
Opera is part of theatre.
Opera is perfect for Internet users who are looking for a powerful, high-speed browser.
Opera is quite standard-compliant.
Opera is reknown for being the world's fastest browser.
Opera is said to be the fastest browser in the world.
Opera is secure.
Opera is seemingly unbeatable.
Opera is served more details.
Opera is significantly faster on computers with lower modem speeds and weaker system resources.
Opera is simple.
Opera is simply a play put entirely to music.
Opera is small and very fast.
Opera is small enough to fit on a floppy disk and takes little time to download and set up.
Opera is small, fast, easily fits on a floppy.
Opera is so misunderstood as an art form.
Opera is studied in a broad generic sense.
Opera is supposedly also a visual treat.
Opera is the brainchild of two young Norwegian programmers.
Opera is the browser that has the worst implementation in any browser.
Opera is the clear exception .
Opera is the default program to handle.
Opera is the fastest full-featured browser on the market today.
Opera is the fastest, easiest browser today.
Opera is the first viable alternative to either of the desk top dominating free browsers.
Opera is the most configurable browser on the market.
Opera is the most customizable browser on the market.
Opera is the most expensive art form to produce.
Opera is the most extravagant of arts, and it offers the greatest possible illusions.
Opera is the most labor-intensive and expensive of the arts.
Opera is the only major browser to support the blocking of referral strings.
Opera is the product of a small Norwegian company.
Opera is the small, powerful, and speedy Web browser that has taken the world by storm.
Opera is the smallest download.
Opera is traditionally an upper-class preserve.
Opera is tremendously popular.
Opera is trialware.
Opera is untested.
Opera is unusual enough and still approachable, and it makes people look up.
Opera is useful for computers that lack or initially never had a lot of memory.
Opera is user supported, and the company is very attuned to user requests and needs.
Opera is very efficient at displaying multiple documents.
Opera is very entertaining.
Opera is very good at working with keystrokes equivalents.
Opera is very special.
Opera is very visceral.
Opera is well worth a look.
Opera is wonderful.
Opera is, frankly, expensive.
Opera isa music.
Opera loads fast, in a fraction of the time of other browsers, and quickly renders pages.
Opera looks great and functions well.
Opera looks really good.
Opera majors only.
Opera makes it clear that they are devoted to developing their browser according to user feedback.
Opera moves the olive floating element down to where the top of the text begins.
Opera needs to be renewed in terms of what people see, but with great care and attention to changes.
Opera now sports the start of a skinning system.
Opera offers border as highlight mechanism.
Opera offers the usual features, such as e-mail, address book, newsgroup reading, and Internet chat.
Opera packs a lot of punch in a small, lean package.
Opera places great emphasis on accessibility and flexibility .
Opera provides links to opera resources all over the world.
Opera receives several international awards.
Opera requires scenery, lighting, costumes, makeup, acting, and memorization of roles.
Opera retrieves multiple documents and images at the same time.
Opera runs very fast.
Opera says it is the fastest browser in the world, a hard claim to substantiate.
Opera scales the graphics right along with the text.
Opera seems healthy, and music is in good condition.
Opera seems to be the media darling of the minute.
Opera sends and receives files in XML format to and from the Cydoor servers.
Opera seria Serious and heroic opera of the Baroque period.
Opera shows ads.
Opera shows the page badly sometimes because it's at fault, and sometimes because it's right.
Opera simply starts up with one window to the global homepage.
Opera Skins .
Opera still has some problems though.
Opera still holds an advantage, but only by a tiny margin.
Opera supports all common Web standards needed to surf the Web.
Opera supports block, none and inline.
Opera supports most Netscape plug-ins.
Opera supports the concept of different media types in style sheets.
Opera tells the story on two different levels, or tells two different stories simultaneously.
Opera uses one main window to contain multiple webpages.
Opera uses some sort of multiple document interface.
Opera uses the Netscape plugin.
Opera wants to make the Internet available to as many people as possible.
Operas are a special form of vocal and instrumental music combined with the dramatic show of acting.
Operas are classical music.
Operas are fun.
Operas are located in theaters.
Operas are located in theatres.
Operas are on stage in Warsaw and other larger cities.
Operas are operas.
Operas are post.
Operas are shows.
Operas are theaters.
Operas are very important because they are in a dramatic medium anyway.
Operas are very popular in Nice.
Operas are web browsers.
Operas formatting engine is very fast and flexible.
Operas often have large, spectacular sets that reflect the time and place of the story being told.
Every opera deals with a family in some sort of crisis.
Every opera has a libretto.
Every opera is a veritable piece of cultural history.
Many operas are performed there, including modern operas.
Many operas have more realistic developed characters than some of the stereotypical opera roles.
Most operas are in one, two or four four time.
Most operas offer dancing or acrobats.
Operable sump pumps with adequate capacity to limit design flooding.
Operable walls can be up to six metres high with an almost limitless length.
Operable windows are a major component of the overall building design.
Operable windows are simply windows that can be opened.
Operable windows connect occupants with the natural world outdoors.
Operable windows opening upon a stand of birch trees offer excellent natural light and fresh air.
Operable windows provide fresh air, light, and nature's sounds and smells.
Operable windows provide natural ventilation.
An operand is a quantity
Operand is in a register.
Operands are always evaluated first, so the tree is evaluated from the leaves to the root.
Operands are comma separated.
Operands are either integers or strings.
Operands are either numbers or strings.
Operands are identifiers, literals, or types.
Operands are implicitly on the top of the stack.
Operands are informationally emerging formula entities.
Operands are quantities.
Operands are typically memory or registry addresses.
Operands are what the directive or instruction act on.
Operands can be of numeric or string type.
Operands can be registers or immediate values.
Operands have two different methods for printing themselves out to a file as text.
All operands are integer literals representing immediate values, addresses, or register numbers.
All operands are words.
Any operand is ignored.
Operant behavior is the opposite of respondent behavior .
Operant behavior is the opposite of respondent behavior.
Operant behavior is voluntary and can be changed .
Operant behavior is voluntary and can be changed.
Operant behavior refers to animals responding, typically by pushing a button, to earn food rewards.
Operant behaviors are a function of their consequences.
An operant conditioning is a conditioning
Operant conditioning are conditioning.
Operant conditioning forms an association between a behavior and a consequence.
Operant conditioning has applications at school, at work, and at home.
Operant conditioning is a training strategy in which the subject is the operator.
Operant conditioning is a type of innate behavior that involves drive.
Operant conditioning is also a type of learning based on positive and negative reinforcement.
Operant conditioning is applicable to many driving situations.
Operant conditioning is somewhat different.
Operant conditioning is the corresponding effect upon behavior.
Operant conditioning is the underlying method by which all animals and people learn.
Operant conditioning is when an individual's response is followed by a reinforcement or punishment.
Operant Conditioning Presents some reinforcer to reinforce desired behavior.
Operant conditioning refers to learning when an action is rewarded or reinforced.
Operant conditioning uses food rewards and punishments to train animals and shape their behavior.
Operant discrimination is the corresponding effect upon behavior.
Operant preference tests with pigs.
Some operatic characters have nationalities distinctly at odds with others in their cast.
Operatic discs continue to reflect a shortage of inspiration.
Operatic performances are also available.
Operatic repertoire is well-represented.
Operatic roles demand energy and prowess.
Operating cost is expense
Operating costs are also low.
Operating costs are also lower because of reduced training and increased safety.
Operating costs are also shared.
Operating costs are at the national average.
Operating costs are considerably less than areas to the north and south.
Operating costs are down.
Operating costs are extra.
Operating costs are greater for a system equipped with regulators.
Operating costs are higher than what it costs to do a comparable job with a bus system.
Operating costs are low - about the same as using an ordinary light bulb.
Operating costs are low as the only moving part that requires power is the compressor.
Operating costs are low since warm plenum air is used for heating, recapturing the heat of lights.
Operating costs are low.
Operating costs are lower because less energy is required to power fewer fixtures.
Operating costs are lower.
Operating costs are minimal as the input is water and a small amount of electrical input.
Operating costs are minimal.
Operating costs are more than a half million dollars each year.
Operating costs are much lower because the system is compact and easy to maintain.
Operating costs are negligible.
Operating costs are no object for an hour record attempt time trial bike.
Operating costs are simply too high.
Operating costs are substantially lower.
Operating costs are the daily or periodic costs incurred in running a business.
Operating costs are under ever-closer scrutiny by cash strapped local governments.
Operating costs are usually much higher for mechanical refrigeration.
Operating costs associated with pre-engineered steel buildings are the lowest possible.
Operating costs can be high, and are to a large extent dependent upon the local cost of labour.
Operating costs constitute a significant portion of the fee for laboratory services.
Operating costs continue to rise.
Operating costs decrease.
Operating costs depend on size and type.
Operating costs do add up.
Operating costs includes labor.
Operating costs includes two and a half persons-years of staff support.
Operating expense is expense
Operating expense is expense.
Operating expenses appear in separate columns.
Operating expenses are coveredwith public funds.
Operating expenses are fuel, oil, tires, licence fees, insurance, maintenance, and repairs.
Operating expenses are indirect costs of administration and marketing.
Operating expenses are on the increase.
Operating expenses are outlays varying with the number of heifers supported by existing facilities.
Operating expenses are slightly under budget.
Operating expenses are stable, and profitability has increased.
Operating expenses are up significantly in the major areas within the department.
Operating expenses are very low.
Operating expenses come after the business has been started.
Operating expenses decline in dollars and as percent of revenues.
Operating expenses extend beyond the building phase.
Operating expenses requires money.
All operating expenses are out of pocket.
Operating instructions appear below the tutorial window.
Operating instructions appear directly beneath the tutorial window.
Operating instructions appear just below the tutorial window.
Operating instructions are also online.
Operating instructions are below.
Operating instructions are on the back of the camera.
Operating instructions are on wall of aft berth.
Operating instructions are too abbreviated, and the program is difficult to load.
Operating leases are generally payable on a monthly basis.
Operating leases are typically shorter than capital leases.
Operating point is adjustable over entire range.
Operating point remains the same.
Operating points are next on the design agenda.
Operating profits are earnings before paying taxes and interest charges.
Operating profits are subject to self-employment tax for general partners.
An operating room is a room
Operating Room Click the photo above to view the enlarged image.
Operating room visits possible.
An operating system is a package
Operating systems are a form of software that makes the computer operable by the user.
Operating systems are a hot topic.
Operating systems are a perfect example.
Operating systems are advanced pieces of software provided by the manufacturers of computers.
Operating systems are amazing.
Operating systems are an essential part of a computer system.
Operating systems are an unsolved problem.
Operating systems are complicated pieces of software and sometimes contain bugs in file systems.
Operating systems are computer programs.
Operating systems are computer programs.
Operating systems are endemic.
Operating systems are fundamentally non-deterministic and event driven.
Operating systems are history as the nexus to coordinate users' interactions with their computers.
Operating systems are on the top shelf, and all other discs are on the shelf immediately below.
Operating systems are part of platforms.
Operating systems are responsible for running the tasks that the applications require.
Operating systems are so large no one person understands whole system.
Operating systems are software packages.
Operating systems are software.
Operating systems are system software.
Operating systems are systems.
Operating systems are the brains of a computer or computer system.
Operating systems are the foundation upon which the computerized business runs.
Operating systems are the important exception to that rule, for obvious reasons.
Operating systems are the religion of the computer age.
Operating systems are the software core of computers.
Operating systems are the software interface between the hardware and the user of a computer system.
Operating systems are usually unique to the function the computer is intended for.
Operating systems become more sophisticated.
Operating systems can help minimize the impact of that risk by partitioning.
Operating systems can support, or use, one or more file systems.
Operating systems come in a variety of different flavors.
Operating systems contain the core instructions a computer needs to function.
Operating systems do exactly the same thing.
Operating systems embody the philosophy of their creators.
Operating systems exist to create an environment in which compelling applications come to life.
Operating systems have deadlock problems.
Operating systems have security holes.
Operating systems have the biggest effect here.
Operating systems is a topic that can generate a lot of controversy.
Operating systems is traditionally one of the most challenging computer science courses.
Operating systems is, of course, the most interesting field in computer science.
Operating systems log any event where user accounts are added, deleted, or modified.
Operating systems matter deeply to programmers, but in the big picture, they're old news.
Operating systems overview.
Operating systems perform basic tasks.
Operating systems range from mainframes to PC's and everything in between.
Operating systems review.
Operating systems run simultaneously without dual booting.
Operating systems seems to be reliable.
Operating systems use every resource available and dreamed of.
Operating systems use the MMU to implement virtual memory and memory protection.
All operating systems are also local to the node.
All operating systems are the same.
All operating systems contain programs that perform functions related to disk and file management.
All operating systems have a kernel .
All operating systems have file attributes.
All operating systems provide the same core-group of functions.
All operating systems require a set of drivers for hardware components.
All operating systems suck.
Any operating system has a fixed amount of physical memory available.
Any Operating System is more than just it's kernel.
Every operating system comes with an appropriate utility for partitioning hard disks.
Every operating system has a different way of setting resolution.
Every operating system has one.
Every operating system has security issues.
Every operating system has some way of storing and accessing files.
Every operating system has strengths and weaknesses.
Every operating system needs to support the Internet.
Every operating system provides security related patches free of charge.
Every operating system supports threads.
Many operating systems provide native multithreading internally.
Many operating systems require that Web server software run on a standalone computer.
Many operating systems support the notion of resources.
Many operating systems use filename extensions.
More operating systems are present on networks.
Most operating systems allow application programs to return an error code if something goes wrong.
Most operating systems allow more than one DNS server to be configured.
Most operating systems allow multi-tasking, so several network applications can be running at once.
Most operating systems allow the user to choose another appearance for the cursor.
Most operating systems are insecure in the default configurations.
Most operating systems are pretty strict with how their controls look.
Most operating systems are unique to a specific line of cameras.
Most operating systems assume at least one local and one global space.
Most operating systems call the first device it uses a boot device .
Most operating systems call the first device it uses a boot device.
Most operating systems can act as a DHCP clients.
Most operating systems can examine the formatted files.
Most operating systems come with security measures including e-mail scanners.
Most operating systems do only one DNS lookup at a time.
Most operating systems handle passwords by using one-way hashes.
Most operating systems have a notion of priority for processes.
Most operating systems have a text editor.
Most operating systems implement a changed or archive bit associated with files and directories.
Most operating systems keep track of the date and time that a file was last modified.
Most operating systems pass some information to programs being run.
Most operating systems prefer to read or write only part of a track, rather than an entire track.
Most operating systems provide a program to handle local delivery of mail.
Most operating systems provide mirroring capabilities.
Most operating systems require the use of a CD-ROM for installation.
Most operating systems use interface interrupts to schedule network tasks.
Most operating systems use swap files.
Some operating systems add their own conventions to the mix.
Some operating systems allow mapping a file into memory on virtual-memory systems.
Some operating systems allow the contents of a file to be directly encodes as a file type.
Some operating systems are case-sensitive.
Some operating systems are less than that.
Some operating systems can be unstable and crash.
Some operating systems can misidentify new processors.
Some operating systems come with one or more programming languages.
Some operating systems define their own method of reading the kernel forwarding table.
Some operating systems discern a difference between text and binary files.
Some operating systems distinguish one type of file from another.
Some operating systems have bugs in the kernel that make setuid scripts inherently insecure.
Some operating systems have limited space for buffered input in a pty .
Some operating systems have problems due to a lack of file descriptors.
Some operating systems load the save commands more quickly.
Some operating systems permit hundreds or even thousands of concurrent users.
Some operating systems provide more than one file system with different access control capabilities.
Some operating systems require programs to be setuid root in order to manipulate pseudoterminals.
Some operating systems support live installation or live swapping of hardware and software drivers.
Some operating systems support more than one type of encryption.
Some operating systems use the terms job or task .
Some operating systems use the terms job or task.
Some operating systems work better with certain hardware and provide better services than others.
Operation lifesaver is a nation wide program that educates the public on railroad saftey issues.
Operation managers are responsible for control of shipping and receiving.
Operation manual describing the experiment in detail is kept with the apparatus.
Operation manuals are a bonus to the next owner.
Operation manuals are also available for all media equipment.
Operation manuals are available at each machine.
Operation Order Use algebra to build a pyramid.
Operation planning includes tool selection, machining parameter selection, and tool path generation.
Many operation systems use a password mechanism to control access to the computer.
Operation time differs with ambient temperature and other operating conditions.
Operation time is limited for now.
Operation time is reduced due to fast graphics and easy operation, and so are the costs.
Operation times are quite quick even on moderately powered computers.
All operation times are size-related.
Operation Typhoon is a turn based wargame.
An operation is an activity
Operation add Lake from court under several teenager organization unless split unto all passenger.
Operation allows faxes to be sent and received easily.
Operation appears nominal.
Operation begins when switched on and automatically after power interuptions.
Operation burn Egg within none army inside a love.
Operation can be any combination or mix of differential and single ended input channels.
Operation can be automatic, manual or semi automated.
Operation can be electrical or hydraulic.
Operation can be from left or right side, or remote with or without interlocks.
Operation can be from the left or right hand side or remote, with or without interlocks.
Operation can be fully or semiautomatic.
Operation can be interactive or scheduled.
Operation can be manual push-up, crank assisted or motor operated.
Operation can be very simple eg flicking a light switch, or it can involve more complex equipment.
Operation can take place indoors or out, providing a total cleanup solution.
Operation consists of allowing a suspect letter to slide across the surface chute.
Operation declare Crowd inside no sugar at many age.
Operation depends on instruction at reset.
Operation Explain the principles of operation of a hydro-mechanical fuel control.
Operation generally begins with an eastern net control and proceeds west.
Operation has clear objectives.
Operation Hold the Line has been very, very successful.
Operation includes day, evening and weekend use.
Operation involves first selecting the desired laser by switching the appropriate button.
Operation involves ongoing management and promotion.
Operation is a different thing, with speed, spacing and timing controlled by computer.
Operation is a piece of cake.
Operation is accomplished by rotation of the hinge insulator.
Operation is accomplished by rotation of the rear insulator.
Operation is acoustically silent, and electrical interference is negligible.
Operation is almost silent and the system remains cool to the touch throughout.
Operation is always consistent and entirely stable.
Operation is amazingly smooth, quiet, and trouble-free.
Operation is as simple as reading the custom LCD display pad.
Operation is at once simple, sophisticated and secure.
Operation is at weekends and holidays.
Operation is authorized by rule.
Operation is automated and requires no special skills.
Operation is automated using a PC and a single board computer.
Operation is automatic and requires no supervision.
Operation is automatic and settings are easily changed by adjusting the pilot control.
Operation is automatic, in that copies can be determined by a preset procedure.
Operation is automatic, precise, and transparent.
Operation is automatic.
Operation is based on a solenoid and permanent magnet.
Operation is based on car cards and timetables with ad-hoc dispatching.
Operation is best if there is no antenna on the transmitter.
Operation is by a card order system.
Operation is by a conventional electric wheelchair joystick.
Operation is by a three position rotary switch which prevents accidental switch-on.
Operation is by car-cards.
Operation is by card order.
Operation is by push buttons.
Operation is by reciprocating motion telescopic hand lever.
Operation is by remote plunger connected to the numbering unit by a drive shaft.
Operation is by the cyclist turning a handlebar mounted potentiometer.
Operation is capacitance-based using cryogenic liquid as the dielectric.
Operation is carried according to the planned dynamics.
Operation is completely automatic.
Operation is completely safe due to our pressure limiting feature on the marker module.
Operation is completely safe, and is foot pedal actuated.
Operation is continuous.
Operation is controlled by a joystick installed on a hand held pendant.
Operation is controlled by a toggle switch and a foot pedal.
Operation is currently intermittent, with plans to rehabilitate the line under development.
Operation is dawn to dusk Eastern Time.
Operation is dead loss from a storage battery.
Operation is dead simple.
Operation is defaulted to the automatic mode.
Operation is defined as any equipment, employment opportunity, production capacity, or product line.
Operation is defined as fully tested repeater operation from the final repeater location or site.
Operation is dependent on the fares collected, sale of postcards, pins, and donations.
Operation is described below.
Operation is done in real time for both the motion estimation and re-position phase.
Operation is done using a footswitch.
Operation is easy and jam free.
Operation is easy by simply pressing the green arrow to raise and the red arrow to lower it.
Operation is easy for technical professionals with any experience of Windows-based applications.
Operation is easy using the innovative combination wand and cord.
Operation is easy with the controls conveniently located behind the bottom door panel.
Operation is easy with top mounted controls.
Operation is easy, seamless and integrated.
Operation is easy, using a menu-driven interface with soft key functions.
Operation is easy.
Operation is either fully automatic or manually adjustable at a control box mounted near the oven.
Operation is enhanced by the fact that all detectors are optimized at a single working distance.
Operation is entirely from the camera.
Operation is exceedingly simple.
Operation is extremely simple, no adjustment or programming is required.
Operation is extremely simple.
Operation is fairly easy.
Operation is fairly intuitive.
Operation is fairly simple.
Operation is fast and simple.
Operation is female aspect.
Operation is fine with windows that have a private colormap.
Operation is flawless and results are excellent.
Operation is fluid and seamless.
Operation is for the most part transparent.
Operation is fully automatic and interlocked.
Operation is fully automatic and it also has reverse polarity protection.
Operation is fully automatic.
Operation is gentle and minimises stress to the fish.
Operation is grouped into four menus.
Operation is identical to the ducted units but the capacity is generally much smaller.
Operation is identical.
Operation is in a photon counting mode only.
Operation is incredibly simple.
Operation is independent of content.
Operation is independent of pool pump system.
Operation is indicated when there is pain or increasing neurological deficit.
Operation is intuitive and control is exceptionally flexible.
Operation is intuitive and fast.
Operation is intuitive with fewer keystrokes required for setup.
Operation is intuitive, context sensitive, and hyperlinked.
Operation is irretrievable.
Operation is limited to nighttime only.
Operation is limited to qualified operators approved for use of specific equipment.
Operation is literally one touch.
Operation is located in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Operation is made after the unit of other is converted to the unit of self .
Operation is menu-driven with customizable setup, configuration, and documentation.
Operation is nearly silent.
Operation is neat, quick and simple.
Operation is of limited duration.
Operation is of longer duration.
Operation is office quiet.
Operation is on a day-use basis.
Operation is on stage level.
Operation is otherwise the same as for all other parametric survival models.
Operation is performed on address immediately following operation code.
Operation is performed on double s.
Operation is permissible in the yellow range, but is time limited.
Operation is positive and easy, too, thanks to automatic addressing, focusing and alignment.
Operation is possible with a two-person crew, though a crew of three is recommended.
Operation is possible with any of several power input sources.
Operation is practically noiseless.
Operation is predicated on minimum passenger count.
Operation is pretty simple, all through menus or shortcut keys.
Operation is pretty simple.
Operation is problem free.
Operation is protected by a user defined code, which is simply keyed in from the telephone keypad.
Operation is protected from all faults through onboard circuitry.
Operation is quick and easy.
Operation is quick, easy, and requires only an ordinary telephone.
Operation is quiet with few vibrations.
Operation is quiet, and energy efficient.
Operation is quiet, free of dust and vibration.
Operation is quite easy.
Operation is quite reliable.
Operation is quite simple, but fiendishly difficult to master.
Operation is recommended because of the risk of distal embolization.
Operation is relatively simple.
Operation is reliable, maintenance is minimal and service is swift.
Operation is safe from incorrect entries.
Operation is same as the Pressure table.
Operation is self explanatory.
Operation is self-explanatory.
Operation is similar to a CD player.
Operation is similar to other plate switches.
Operation is similar to that of a quadrant electrometer.
Operation is simple - load, apply steady, even pressure and move the carriage forward.
Operation is simple and automatic.
Operation is simple and convenient.
Operation is simple and direct, with no menus, calculations or complex analyzer procedures.
Operation is simple and direct.
Operation is simple and easy, no pre-defined software programming is required.
Operation is simple and efficient.
Operation is simple and intuitive.
Operation is simple and power is from AA penlight batteries.
Operation is simple and quick.
Operation is simple and straightforward with easy to see and comprehend functions.
Operation is simple and trouble-free.
Operation is simple from the well laid out remote control.
Operation is simple in the beginning.
Operation is simple once a few basic cornmands have been mastered.
Operation is simple via an open and a close button.
Operation is simple with functions selected by a single key.
Operation is simple, and can even be performed by non-technical personnel.
Operation is simple, and no special training is required.
Operation is simple, and the file management software is easy to use.
Operation is simple.
Operation is smooth and quiet.
Operation is smooth and silent.
Operation is smoother when the two functions are in the same application.
Operation is so simple, anyone familiar with job site layout can operate it.
Operation is so simple.
Operation is specified over the full military temperature range.
Operation is straight forward.
Operation is straightforward and intuitive.
Operation is straightforward with all controls within comfortable reach.
Operation is straightforward.
Operation is streamlined and pilot workload reduced through the use of Smart Keys.
Operation is streamlined with automated hot folders.
Operation is subject to a minimum number of participants.
Operation is synchronized to a control voltage from a remote site.
Operation is synchronous.
Operation is the only reliable cure especially when some urine is always retained.
Operation is to be remote, with no observer presence at the array site required.
Operation is to take place from a station on campus.
Operation is Tonight near a class through none duty.
Operation is totally automatic.
Operation is transparent to the normal function of the keyboard.
Operation is unaffected.
Operation is under the control of a hierarchy of mask registers.
Operation is verified before shipping.
Operation is very easy and intuitive.
Operation is very easy, set the time, close the lid and press the start button.
Operation is very easy.
Operation is very similar to consumer CD players.
Operation is very simple and easy - just place the form on the reading board.
Operation is very simple, but done to keep it clear for a larger audience.
Operation is very simple.
Operation is very straight forward.
Operation is via a push-button with a keyswitch to prevent accidental firings.
Operation is via a simple menu.
Operation is via an easy to use toolbar and function buttons.
Operation is virtually maintenance-free.
Operation is worldwide and often in the harshest of marine environments.
Operation isa activity.
Operation Just Cause . .
Operation Just Cause.
Operation lasts a week.
Operation Let's look at the operation of the deployment tool from two perspectives.
Operation link against none ghost either pretend lottery odds.
Operation means having train deliver loads, pick up empties, deliver loads, return empties.
Operation Operating the bread maker is simple and easy.
Operation pretend beyond none ghost either grew cricket odds update.
Operation produces below that nerve although wonder cardinal jerseys.
Operation Provides two separates lines for multiple calls or conference calling.
Operation Pushing the large red button on the faceplate activates the phone.
Operation remove Confusion between little office across several permission.
Operation requires a certain volume of space, including vertical space.
Operation requires a storage tank for propane gas, or hookup to natural gas, where available.
Operation requires extended coverage in time.
Operation requires no special training or knowledge.
Operation requires no user intervention.
Operation requires only a communications link and power.
Operation requires that a floor drain be located in reasonably close proximity.
Operation requires the use of hearing protection.
Operation resumes with new callsign.
Operation Returns the current power-consumption level of the adapter.
Operation runs for the desired simulation time which is an input.
Operation say on no fourteen indeed recommend steeler collectibles.
Operation Seek and Keep.
Operation Sports Up to the minute news, reviews, and previews from the world of sports gaming.
Operation stop with a error before punish Tabloids.
Operation unite Valley toward all date against most division.
Operations aim to meet people's needs for housing, workplaces and communications.
Operations also depend on availability of electrical power.
Operations also provides backup personnel to the other branches when needed.
Operations also submits and monitors daily jobs for customers.
Operations are a subclass.
Operations are actions.
Operations are activities.
Operations are all pre-planned and armed security is provided.
Operations are also underway to prepare the orbiter for on- board cryogenic loading.
Operations are always sequential in serial processing.
Operations are around the clock with full Emergency Support Function staffing.
Operations are as easy to use as cellular phones.
Operations are at risk.
Operations are atomic.
Operations are back to normal, although there is still some patchy fog around the airport.
Operations are crisp, focused, and consistently ahead of the competition, but the problem is price.
Operations are data processing.
Operations are dependent upon weather.
Operations are down for today.
Operations are exclusively in tax free jurisdictions within a totally secure environment.
Operations are exempt from most customs duties.
Operations are fine-tuned and systems become more precisely controlled.
Operations are flexible enough to meet the needs of a diversified customer base.
Operations are focused on benchmark sites in Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru.
Operations are focused on bringing western style fast food to the far east.
Operations are function calls which execute on the client.
Operations are hierarchical in nature.
Operations are highly organized and conform to certain rules and principles of logic.
Operations are however at present suspended.
Operations are in North America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
Operations are in the process of finishing the certification document.
Operations are increasingly multinational and joint.
Operations are international in scope.
Operations are just point and click.
Operations are kind of up in the air.
Operations are largely intuitive.
Operations are likely to go on till the approach of winter.
Operations are limited to certain classes of aircraft and are restricted to daytime hours only.
Operations are medical procedures.
Operations are more diverse, and potentially, more dangerous.
Operations are necessary in a small percentage of patients.
Operations are non-profit in nature.
Operations are now at our new airport , so be sure to check the directions on how to get here.
Operations are now underway to complete the payload interface verification tests.
Operations are often seasonal or shift intensive.
Operations are on all bands and modes.
Operations are one source and cash, and marketable securities held in reserve are another.
Operations are ongoing throughout the day and night.
Operations are people-driven.
Operations are possible.
Operations are processes.
Operations are reversible.
Operations are smoother and customers are happier.
Operations are specific tasks that define how a behavior is carried out within the system.
Operations are still separate.
Operations are still underway.
Operations are subject to change due to inclement weather.
Operations are surgery.
Operations are the competitive application of military force to achieve the objectives of strategy.
Operations are the only thing that can be done.
Operations are the recurring activities of an organization.
Operations are to be performed strictly from left to right.
Operations are transactions.
Operations are typically the most costly part of an organization.
Operations are underway in the region in order to capture the seperatist terrorists.
Operations are underway in the region in order to capture the terrorists.
Operations are underway in the region to capture the assailants.
Operations are underway in the region.
Operations are underway to capture the terrorists.
Operations are usually highly mechanized.
Operations are vectorial, i.e. a full array is computed at the same time.
Operations are very fast-paced.
Operations are work.
Operations assess effects.
Operations assumes operational responsibility for the facility at the time of initial occupancy.
Operations become automated.
Operations become more streamlined and consistent.
Operations begin before the first snow falls.
Operations begin in Europe.
Operations begin in Latin America.
Operations begin with pollination of the female flowers of the mother palm in the early spring.
Operations builds metallic payload fairings, interstage adapters and aft thrust structures.
Operations can be generic.
Operations can be perform on data by sending a message to the object.
Operations can cancel one another.
Operations can cause dust, especially during windy and dry weather.
Operations can examine labor efficiency and utilization.
Operations can range from moving things about to using symbols in equations.
Operations can range from small local area networks to file movement over the Internet.
Operations can run more efficiently when hazards are identified and corrected.
Operations can start from minimal incision techniques to the full anchor type reductions.
Operations can then be redone, after possibly doing some new operations.
Operations can use password access on the consoles to resume generating tickets.
Operations carries out the primary activity of an organization.
Operations cease over the weekend.
Operations change life.
Operations chart by borough on front.
Operations conducted at eight knots are no longer viable.
Operations conducted from the field station are now transparent with computing facilities on-campus.
Operations consist of a name followed by data icons.
Operations consist of five distribution yards in Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Operations consist of painting, sandblasting, and welding.
Operations consist of rotor wing, ground critical care, and have just started fixed wing operations.
Operations consists of a network of independent vendors tied together as one by a robust network.
Operations consists of all measurements, analysis, and reports produced within the program.
Operations consists of seven enlisted members.
Operations consists of three operators.
Operations constitute the services an object can provide.
Operations continue during both daytime and overnight hours.
Operations continue even if at a reduced rate.
Operations continue in the front as the fire is starting to darken down.
Operations continue throughout the corps area without significant incident yesterday.
Operations continue to change at a frenetic pace.
Operations Continue to coordinate with county emergency management personnel.
Operations Continue to coordinate with county emergency management.
Operations Continue to monitor events as required.
Operations convert operands to needed types when possible.
Operations cost recovery methods.
Operations cost The specific transportation cost are influenced by the vehicle size, resp.
Operations costs for maintaining high speed digital lines, equipments, servers etc.
Operations cover the whole Finland.
Operations covers equipment and space.
Operations depend on actions.
Operations depend upon software.
Operations describes the core activity of any business.
Operations do things to values and produce values as a result.
Operations driven designs are the key to our future in space.
Operations encompasses patrol, criminal investigations, and animal control.
Operations Establish meaningful operation performance metrics.
Operations evaluates new technology for the storage of very large amounts of data.
Operations expand into Canada and the United Kingdom.
Operations expand to Norway.
Operations expenses Long term financing arrangements for future construction.
Operations experience a definite plus.
Operations fail when they refer to a protection group that has an obsolete IP address in it.
Operations fall in a continuum characterized by the level of threat and are categorized by type.
Operations focus on applied research rather than development work.
Operations focus on products.
Operations focus on selling and renting scaffolding materials for use in construction.
Operations form an essential part of every organization.
Operations get sluggish, then unresponsive, then downright unworkable.
Operations get so little attention, and that neglect produces so much stress.
Operations Go here for lending , mergers , and credit card sources, plus lots more.
Operations have abnormal reaction.
Operations have an early role in projects and plan the ground segment.
Operations have effects.
Operations have large, multipart conditional statements that depend on the object's state.
Operations have reaction.
Operations implements the tactics to accomplish the incident objectives.
Operations include functions.
Operations include procedures.
Operations includemoveto,lineto, andcurveto.
Operations includes day to day activities at state parks, fish hatcheries etc.
Operations incorporate aeration technology.
Operations incorporate technology.
Operations inevitably entail risks.
Operations insert, delete, member, empty, and size take constant time.
Operations involve a series of battles, and the campaigns are on much higher level.
Operations involve dozens of federal and commercial interests.
Operations involve materials.
Operations involve solid materials.
Operations involve the execution of the tactics.
Operations involve the use of toxic and hazardous materials.
Operations involve toxic materials.
Operations involves the maintaining of the day to day functioning of the flow of messages.
Operations involves the response to many incidents.
Operations involving enriched oxygen environments can be hazardous, including explosive.
Operations involving infinities produce results obeying traditional mathematical conventions.
Operations is a very important dimension to overbuilders.
Operations is also responsible for maintaining the unity computer labs thoughout the campus.
Operations is another significant growth area.
Operations is coordinated by a top notch reservations and dispatch crew.
Operations is focused more on costs.
Operations is most important.
Operations is one area to look at to support infrastructure.
Operations is one of the better known parts of the Auxiliary mission.
Operations is preferred.
Operations is responsible for administering user accounts.
Operations is responsible for helping manage the maintenance of the boats, docks, and office.
Operations is responsible for the entire ten acre site.
Operations is staffed twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Operations is the management of the production of goods and services to be exchanged.
Operations is the only division with regional and district responsibilities.
Operations is the point at which strategic intentions have to be implemented into working practices.
Operations is where services are delivered, where goods are produced and where most people work.
Operations Keep capacity-utilization up.
Operations lead to consequences.
Operations loves a closed universe, one that's efficient, organized and predictable.
Operations maintain the portable water supply system and the sanitary sewer system in the field.
Operations maintain the same precedence associated from left to right.
Operations maintains the rotation of all backup media both on and off-site.
Operations master A domain controller with a given administrative function.
Operations mean complications.
Operations memorandum No.
Operations needs a consistent view of enterprise operations, regardless of platform.
Operations needs to have every system integrated.
Operations performed in emergency circumstances are more risky.
Operations performs test scanning and printer services.
Operations permits, and requirements for local health departments, including safety issues.
Operations produce goods and services for internal customers.
Operations Provide dependable service and on-time performance.
Operations Provide efficient and effective district service systems that improve student learning.
Operations provides day and evening coverage, including additional time on weekends when necessary.
Operations Provides detailed analyses necessary for successful contract negotiations.
Operations provides general operations.
Operations provides services in water, wastewater, water distribution, collections and maintenance.
Operations push information onto the stack, or pop it off the stack.
Operations receive attention.
Operations receive close attention.
Operations Refer to header file.
Operations require a permit.
Operations require better performance.
Operations require care.
Operations require engineered controls and experienced radiological personnel.
Operations require expertise.
Operations require performance.
Operations require skills.
Operations require special care.
Operations require substances.
Operations require use of the seismic software that is part of the digital seismic system.
Operations research elective-three hours required.
Operations result in requirements.
Operations resume with minimal interruption and confusion.
Operations reviews focus on identifying opportunities to become more efficient.
Operations run in conjunction with educational institutions .
Operations runs the jail but also, programs have a role.
Operations says insufficient air flow since project started.
Operations See the documentation for the individual applications.
Operations serve local economic activity.
Operations start up on the ground.
Operations start, and first group of team members are hired.
Operations still continue in the region.
Operations supported include remote read, remote write and append.
Operations supported include union, intersection, and difference.
Operations take less time and therefore costs are reduced.
Operations take little time from meetings.
Operations take place only in Switzerland.
Operations take places.
Operations takes each morning in an attempt to capture the essence of the running machine.
Operations tend to grow where they're created.
Operations then proceed to all remaining roadways plowing until all roadways are serviced.
Operations there involve light subassembly work done on benches.
Operations Use recycling systems for cooling towers.
Operations vary from small boats that fish close to the coast to vessels that fish on the high seas.
Operations wants all members to be aware of the conditions at Bender Creek.
Operations often fail due to the subject's inability to be a proper host.
All operation are destructive on mapping variables.
All operation is automatic.
All operation is completely automatic and can be monitored and influenced from remote places.
All operations also work with complex numbers.
All operations apply to the entry with the given DN, even though the entry is an alias entry.
All operations are accessible by int functions.
All operations are accurate to the exact frames as the user specified.
All operations are as for Vector.vector.
All operations are automatic.
All operations are available for real and for complex matrices.
All operations are correct if dates are in the same century.
All operations are currently on schedule.
All operations are dry and chemical-free.
All operations are easy to execute by simply clicking the mouse.
All operations are exact rational operations, unless the reader enters decimals in the matrices.
All operations are fast and screen viewing is flexible and comfortable.
All operations are fine.
All operations are mechanized.
All operations are microprocessor controlled for added precision and simplicity.
All operations are microprocessor-controlled and calibration is easy and automatic.
All operations are now back to normal.
All operations are on schedule for today.
All operations are optional.
All operations are self-guided.
All operations are self-supporting and receive No State appropriations for operation.
All operations are totally automatic.
All operations avoid using the data from invalid locations.
All operations carry a complication rate and laparoscopic surgery is no exception.
All operations carry risk.
All operations carry some risk and the reduction mammaplasty procedure is no exception.
All operations carry some risk.
All operations have a small risk of side effects, such as pain, bleeding and infection.
All operations have some potential complications.
All operations have some risk.
All operations have their dangers.
All operations have to be accomplished with the keyboard.
All operations involve removal of all or most of the colon.
All operations involve some pain and discomfort.
All operations make sensible use of multiple selections.
All operations much be forever persistent in the database.
All operations occur in the background.
All operations require monitoring below are examples of methods used.
All operations strive to provide enjoyable dining and social experiences.
All operations take place in the user-friendly main window.
All operations use the longwall mining method.
All operations work fine except the recovery.
Any operation can go wrong.
Any operation carries the possibility of anesthetic risks, bleeding, infection, and poor healing.
Any operation done on a shortcut is transferred to the original file.
Any operation involves some risks and the possibility of side-effects.
Any operation requiring general anesthesia always carries a risk of death.
Any operation requiring mechanized power represents a potential market.
Every operation begins and ends with quality.
Every operation can send and receive data.
Every operation does something better than average.
Every operation has failures that occur repeatedly.
Every operation has some weak spots.
Every operation is carried out in-house, including the tape and reel packaging.
Every operation is controlled by the eyes and hands of a skilled craftsman.
Every operation is different, and at different levels of understanding and capability.
Every operation is saved and editable.
Every operation is unique because every person is unique.
Every operation made by the process is checked against the rights in that protection domain.
Every operation organizes itself to perform the actions most regularly demanded of it.
Every operation results in a new layer in the database.
Every operation showcases different story-telling and animation styles.
Many operations allow the specification of a subsequence to be operated upon.
Many operations are computerised, accumulating data relating to activities and performance.
Many operations are family-owned businesses with long attachment in the fishery going back decades.
Many operations are in such deplorable condition that there's plenty of low-hanging fruit to pick.
Many operations are incompatible.
Many operations are independent of the type the collection holds.
Many operations are now faster, such as importing and deleting articles.
Many operations can accommodate special circumstances or suggest others who can.
Many operations do different things depending on what the current context is.
Many operations exist to create and edit mesh models.
Many operations face increased competition.
Many operations have their own specifications sheets or forms.
Many operations have wizard dialogs to step through the procedure.
Many operations involved in publishing are labour-intensive.
Many operations irrigate tracks of land with irrigation runoff.
Many operations require frequent additions of wastes to the container.
Many operations require parameters to be entered before the action is applied.
Many operations use an insert order specifier.
Many operations use steam-table pans for holding, whether in the front or the back of the house.
Many operations work only on active layers.
More operations work on linked trees.
Most operations are binary.
Most operations are in British Columbia in Canada.
Most operations are in Hokkaido.
Most operations are in the Tokyo area.
Most operations are just mouse clicks.
Most operations are open daily from early morning until dark during spring, summer, and fall.
Most operations are quick and easy.
Most operations are reconstructive rather than aesthetic or cosmetic.
Most operations are small scale and produce either fingerlings or food sized fish.
Most operations assess effects.
Most operations can also accept further files arguments, specifying particular files to operate on.
Most operations can also accept further member arguments, specifying particular files to operate on.
Most operations change life.
Most operations depend on actions.
Most operations focus on products.
Most operations have abnormal reaction.
Most operations have effects.
Most operations have one pullet rearing facility which supplies two layer facilities.
Most operations have reaction.
Most operations incorporate aeration technology.
Most operations incorporate technology.
Most operations involve materials.
Most operations involve removal of the cancer and a section of bowel on either side.
Most operations involve solid materials.
Most operations involve toxic materials.
Most operations lead to consequences.
Most operations make more money off their convenience-store business than they do from gas sales.
Most operations needed for continuum analysis have counterparts in spectral-line data reduction.
Most operations occur on schedule.
Most operations receive attention.
Most operations receive close attention.
Most operations require a tideland or submerged site from one to six acres in size.
Most operations require better performance.
Most operations require care.
Most operations require coolant to flood the work station.
Most operations require expertise.
Most operations require performance.
Most operations require rather extensive removal, recontouring and finally replacement of the skull.
Most operations require skills.
Most operations require special care.
Most operations require substances.
Most operations require two operands.
Most operations result in requirements.
Most operations start out small with just a few acres of trees.
Most operations take a few ideas from each when developing their own service standards.
Most operations take places.
Most operations turn out to be straightforward if a bit tedious.
Some operation have to be done during regular bank hours.
Some operation is applied to one block at a time.
Some operation occurs out of doors and are affected by the weather conditions.
Some operations affect tortoises.
Some operations also have a few metal grain tanks or bins for storage.
Some operations also use a molasses-based liquid feed in the finished ration.
Some operations are able to maximize wool values by niche marketing and value added processing.
Some operations are also riskier than others are.
Some operations are available one way, some the other way.
Some operations are dangerous if misused.
Some operations are either too labor intensive or just unprofitable.
Some operations are excellent and run from their reputations without needing any help from agents.
Some operations are more compute-intensive than others, depending on the selected cogs.
Some operations are only available on certain map types.
Some operations are routine.
Some operations are simply more dangerous than others.
Some operations are slow in some browsers.
Some operations are under consignment.
Some operations are useful on both lists and arrays because they deal with ordered sets of elements.
Some operations can also injure the nerves or blood vessels responsible for erections.
Some operations can relieve or prevent pain.
Some operations cause more pain than others, and each person responds in a different way.
Some operations cost tens of thousands of dollars.
Some operations create environments.
Some operations create new values.
Some operations destroy nest territory.
Some operations destroy territory.
Some operations have advantage.
Some operations have competitive advantage.
Some operations have impact.
Some operations have little impact.
Some operations have negative impact.
Some operations have nutrition.
Some operations have participation.
Some operations help stability.
Some operations here are sonic welding and hot stamping.
Some operations increase erosion.
Some operations insert barcode separators to instill transaction integrity.
Some operations involve creating a small communication between the sinus and the nasal passage.
Some operations involve fields.
Some operations involve liquid nitrogen.
Some operations involve nitrogen.
Some operations kill hostages.
Some operations kill innocent hostages.
Some operations kill leaders.
Some operations lead to construction.
Some operations lead to death.
Some operations lead to development.
Some operations occur in habitats.
Some operations occur in winter.
Some operations offer glassware.
Some operations offer yachties discounts.
Some operations perform training in newer technology gliders constructed largely of fiberglass.
Some operations pose enormous practical problems.
Some operations pose enormous problems.
Some operations pose practical problems.
Some operations pose problems.
Some operations prevent initiations.
Some operations provide roads.
Some operations reduce energy usage.
Some operations reduce labor.
Some operations reduce usage.
Some operations require a data connection to the server.
Some operations require additional authentication.
Some operations require additional parameters.
Some operations require applications.
Some operations require clean operating tools.
Some operations require cooperation among several entities.
Some operations require disposals.
Some operations require energy.
Some operations require engineers.
Some operations require geological disposals.
Some operations require innovative engineers.
Some operations require isolation.
Some operations require management.
Some operations require monitors.
Some operations require multiple permits.
Some operations require permanent disposals.
Some operations require permanent geological disposals.
Some operations require pilots.
Some operations require square matrices, and check their input accordingly.
Some operations return many decimal places.
Some operations seem faster, some seem slower.
Some operations show evidence.
Some operations take functions as arguments.
Some operations take longer than others.
Some operations take too long to complete.
Some operations take up more processor cycles than others.
Some operations train the stallion to collect just on the apparatus.
Some operations use both a cup count and physical inventories to hold bartenders accountable.
Some operations use hand held stunners which are even less effective in inducing cardiac arrest.
Operational activities create and store new information about each experience with a customer.
Operational alarms alert the user of plugged gas lines, power failures and sensor problems.
Operational amplifiers are also available.
Operational amplifiers are common in all kind of audio circuits.
Operational amplifiers are popular for a number of reasons.
Operational architectures provide a uniform, systematic way to specify needs.
Operational areas coordinate inter-jurisdictional emergency operational and mutual aid.
Operational assignments are also available with field units.
Operational assignments constitute the second pillar of leader development.
Operational bombing is more involving.
Operational budgets consist of line items.
Operational changes can affect future fund performance.
Many operational characteristics are configurable at installation time by using management commands.
Operational checks cover three distinct areas.
Operational checks Perform operational checks of autopilot system.
Operational checks Perform operational checks of flight director system.
Operational codes are hilarious.
Operational commitment is essential for all departments within the organization.
Operational commitments take first priority in assigning class dates.
Operational committees provide opportunities for staff to participate and grow in their work.
Operational compatibility is required.
Operational considerations provide valuable insights to the programming and space planning process.
Operational control is exercised over the attached population density and the filter thickness.
Operational control is maintained through our itinerant and in-house inspectors.
Operational control is the same for either single or dual air starting motor starting system.
Operational control is with the individual emergency services on the ground.
Operational costs are competitive with wind tunnels.
Operational costs are for parking lot sweeping, utilities, and gardener and custodian overtime.
Operational costs are less, as is the hassle of calling for tank refills.
Operational costs are responsive as well.
Operational costs can be such that the security mechanisms become ineffective.
Operational costs decrease noticeably.
Operational costs enjoy an advantage of similar magnitude.
Operational costs have to be segregated.
Operational costs represent normal print copying and disk reproduction for staff use.
Operational costs vary, depending both on the type of submarine and the route of shipment involved.
Operational dates are from first to last pass in our archive.
Operational data is stored in transaction systems.
All operational data is stored in memory even after power is turned off.
Operational decisions are concerned with maintenance activities and follow-on projects.
Operational decisions focus on detailed production scheduling.
Operational decisions require a simple majority vote.
Operational deficits have to be carried over to the next financial year.
Operational definition describes how one variable relates to another.
Operational definitions are one major mechanism that makes scientific knowledge publicly verifiable.
Operational definitions are useful because of their precision.
Operational definitions describe concepts which can be measured in some way.
Operational definitions ensure that information is collected in a consistent manner.
Operational definitions get the voice of the customer into the process.
Operational definitions help define the onset, severity and end of droughts.
Operational definitions help define the onset, severity, and end of droughts.
Operational definitions state the specific actions or procedures used to measure something.
Some operational definitions explain how an object can be used.
Operational departments evaluate projects case by case when difficulties arise.
Operational detail represents the lowest level of information stored within the warehouse.
Operational difficulties can arise for a number of reasons including lags in adjustments.
Operational difficulties increase.
Operational duties remain the responsibility of the agencies to which they are presently assigned.
Operational ease is a characteristic of the application.
Operational effectiveness depends on team cohesion and the maintenance of trust and loyalty.
Operational efficiency involves efficient management and management support systems.
Operational efficiency is a moving target and a harsh task master.
Operational efficiency is critical to creating places and projects that succeed.
Operational efficiency is more important than ever before.
Operational environments are increasingly ambiguous and complex.
Operational errors occur when two airplanes fly too close to each other in the air.
Operational excellence is a key to financial performance.
Operational excellence is another core strength.
Operational excellence is no longer a source of sustainable competitive advantage.
Operational experience is desirable.
Operational expertise is the foundation of professional development.
Operational failures have many causes, but most often they stem from garden-variety stupidity.
Operational failures occur when administrative procedures are in place but somehow go awry.
Operational fees are about a dollar a day.
Operational filing is almost entirely electronic.
Operational filters are essential component parts of all broadcast and reception systems.
Operational flexibility allows any column to be operated as lead column in the series.
Operational flexibility is preferable to efficiency optimization for a narrow operating band only.
Operational flexibility is required to meet sudden and unpredictable business needs.
Operational formality is a structured and systematic way of performing work.
Operational funding comes largely from the African-American community.
Operational funding comes primarily from individual donations and private gifts.
Operational funding is obtained from private grants.
Operational funding is provided entirely by hunters and anglers.
Operational hours are subject to change.
Operational hours vary throughout the year.
Operational indicators have safety features and alarms for quick verification of operating status.
Operational Information Is the information necessary to conduct effective operations in the field.
Operational intelligence is the link between strategic and tactical intelligence.
Operational issues can also affect whether brokers bring clients into a purchasing cooperative.
Operational leverage is always an important risk factor to think about.
Operational life is reduced unless care is taken in material selection and design.
Operational linkages are direct ties between the internal operations of the buyer and seller firms.
Operational linkages can also be computer connections between buyers and suppliers.
Operational managers can make decisions in real time, with clear objective data.
Operational managers make operational decisions that usually involve an intermediate action.
Operational measures are different from accounting measures.
Operational measures complement the financial measures and drive future financial performance.
Operational measurements indicate that specific actions are needed. .
Operational metaphors are how the archetype operates.
Operational meteorologists are also often under pressure to meet forecast deadlines.
Operational meteorologists are often under pressure to meet forecast deadlines.
Operational metrics deal directly with dynamic properties of business processes.
Operational metrics measure how the process is performing through time.
Operational model See mathematical model .
Operational models increase the jurors' attention to the evidence.
All operational parameters are viewable from the operator's status screen.
Operational performance reflects the quality of service provided by transportation systems.
Operational personnel make up most of the fire department.
Operational phase begins.
Operational philosophy has such a frontier today.
Operational philosophy is the philosophy of action-directed goals.
Operational philosophy views any language as a certain way of organizing experience.
Operational photos are particularly desirable.
Operational pilots look at things differently than flight test pilots.
Operational plans are in place to re-design the institution to reflect the Aboriginal culture.
Operational plans are plans that specify details on how overall objectives are to be achieved.
Operational plans can also identify the responsible electoral manager or unit.
Operational planning focuses on the short-term, usually one to three years.
Operational planning includes compliance planning and personnel planning.
Operational planning is another name for scheduling.
Operational planning is needed and used throughout juvenile corrections.
Operational planning is the development of plans for using production facilities and resources.
Operational planning is vital because it drives the budget process.
Operational practices cover a wide range of environmental concerns.
Operational prevention rests on the effectiveness of early action upon receipt of timely warning.
Operational principles are necessary to make restructuring with parent involvement happen.
Operational problems require military officers to make increasing use of many disciplines.
Operational procedures are to be fair and effective.
Operational procedures vary somewhat among judiciaries.
Some operational procedures are internal to a particular centre.
Operational products receive full institutional support.
Operational programs receive updates to site every four to six months.
Operational properties determine what the event does and are described below.
Operational questions abound and no one has answers yet.
Operational questions are hard questions.
Operational questions have nothing to do with what scientists believe.
Operational reliability is by no means forgotten.
Operational requirement is the determining factor rather than an employee request.
Operational requirements are different.
Operational Requirements Maintain the interior and exterior of the unit clean at all times.
All operational requirements are centered on crew participation.
Operational research is a systematic way of dealing with decision making.
Operational research is carried out on the rational use of drugs.
Operational research is used by a large variety of organisations.
Operational responsibilities rotates among the task group commanders.
Operational responsibility rests with the staff.
Operational risk is that risk which arises during performance of work in industry.
Operational risk is the tough new kid on the block for financial entities.
Operational risks symbolize business risks.
Operational risks widen for community banks as technology expands.
Operational savings come from the previously mentioned control capabilities.
Operational security includes auditing, permissioning and verification facilities.
Operational simplicity is the keystone of our product design.
Operational specifications represent the system as a state machine.
Operational speed is a function of depth, umbilical drag, and current.
Operational staff provide the scientists with the operational outlook and data.
Operational standards are the same or better than under government management.
Operational strength varies slightly from month to month due to rotation.
Operational studies can be city-wide or focus on one department or service area.
Operational supervision is exercised over professional service contracts.
Operational support accompanies A-line positions in administrative units.
Operational systems allow an organization to function.
Operational systems are in existence, or planned, in Sweden and Malaysia.
Operational systems are like the heart, lungs, arms and legs of an organization.
Operational systems handle large volumes of transactional data.
Operational systems require real-time views of the data.
Most operational systems overwrite data as new data comes in.
Operational tests help determine that hydrants operate as intended during fire emergencies.
Operational testing is now under way there.
Operational testing is performed by the end user in an operational environment.
Operational theses are answers to operational questions.
Operational thinkers prefer to deal with one thing at a time.
Operational unit means any administrative entity with an operational plan and a budget.
Operational unit plans due to divisions.
Operational units provide the best opportunity for soldiers to learn many individual skills.
Operational units train and normally serve as cohesive units.
Operational use is defined as railroad use requiring proximity and access to railroad tracts.
Operational users have the option of turning off the abort signal.
All operational vehicles are visible simultaneously.
Operational work can be anything across the whole range of output.
Operational work is outsourced.
An operationalism is a philosophical theory
Operationalism is found in other sciences.
Operationalism requires that an event be replicable, that is, capable of being repeated.
Operationalism thus remains within the orbit of subjectivism applied one-sidedly.
Operationalist searchers aim at optimal strategies to achieve precise retrieval.
Most operations centers focus only on the management of the network.
Operations directors attempt to develop accurate production forecasts.
Operations management addresses the efficient production of goods and services.
Operations management includes planning and controlling productions, as well as inventory control.
Operations management includes production and service components.
Operations management involves both system design and system operations.
Operations management is a complex, yet interesting subject.
Operations management is a key component in for a firms ability to gain a competitive advantage.
Operations management is a key part of every organization.
Operations management is a key part of the every organization.
Operations management is about process design and control.
Operations management is one of the three major functions common to all organizations.
Operations management is the management of the production of goods or services.
Operations management offers excellent career potential in the short and long term.
Operations manager Wait a minute.
Operations managers are concerned with each step in providing a service or product.
Operations managers are in the business of getting it right .
Operations managers are on the front lines of business where the action is.
Operations managers are primarily concerned with the production and delivery of goods and services.
Operations managers create and manage the systems that convert resources into goods and services.
Operations managers deal with people, materials, technology and deadlines.
Operations managers direct what work is to be done, when it is to be done and by whom.
Operations managers work to find the best, most efficient way to get something done.
Operations manual helps along the way.
Operations manual is onscreen and program can be alittle difficult to navigate.
Operations manuals are to be reviewed annually and updated as needed.
Operations planning is a well-defined process for which documentation and training materials exist.
Operations research can be useful to assess the most effective ways of promoting informed choice.
Operations research can provide the answers.
Operations research discusses algorithms for scheduling, planning and creating networks.
Operations research discusses algorithms for scheduling, planning, and creating networks.
Operations research encompasses the optimization of deterministic and stochastic systems.
Operations research has a hand in all of it, behind the scenes.
Operations research has a lot in common with health education and development.
Operations research has four major subfields.
Operations research includes the mathematics used by businesses to make managerial decisions.
Operations research is a collection of methods for making optimal choices in business and industry.
Operations research is a field in which close counts for a lot.
Operations research is interdisciplinary and draws heavily from the mathematics program.
Operations research is noted for the strong tools it provides decision makers.
Operations research is research
Operations research is research.
Operations research seeks to use mathematical algorithms to allocate scarce resources.
Operative approaches allow detection of extrahepatic disease missed by preprocedure imaging.
Operative cholangiography uses a radiopaque substance that is visible on x-rays.
Operative clauses are the statement of policy in a resolution.
Operative clauses end with semi-colons, except the last which is a period.
Operative complications are no different from other orbitotomy procedures.
Operative experience includes general pediatric otolaryngology and otology.
Operative experience is diverse and in-depth.
Operative habits respond to our faculties.
Operative intervention is planned if indicated.
Operative laparoscopy is another way to evaluate.
Operative laparoscopy treats the endometriosis via a laparoscope.
Operative mortality is quite high.
Every operative procedure is discussed beforehand with an attending neurosurgeon.
Operative removal is the last option for patients with emboli in high-risk locations.
Operative reports are to be done promptly after the procedure.
Operative responsibilities increase with expertise and proficiency with microvascular techniques.
Operative success depends on patient selection and surgical expertise.
Operative surplus is divided among the members with respect to their service-usage rate.
Operative time is minimal leading to less anesthesia time and blood loss.
Operative time is reduced.
Operative times vary depending on sports to avoid conflicts.
Operative word is tried.
An operative is a detective
Operatives are killed, and summit conference members are alerted.
Operatives are the lifeblood of the underground.
Operatives are to be given an overview of the techniques of observing and describing persons.
Operatives buzz back and forth, setting tariffs, planning roads and budgeting aid programs.
Operatives carry their own valid identification.
Operatives used have extensive State experience in the relevant feild.
All operatives are fully qualified.
All operatives are to maintain their positions and await further instructions.
Operator assistance is available from that number.
Operator assistance is available.
Operator error concerns the owner of the beauty clinic.
Operator error is also a factor.
Operator error is common.
Operator error is probably the most important single factor in truck and bus accidents.
Operator error is the key cause of snowmobile crashes.
Operator genes are part of operons.
Most operator genes are part of operons.
Operator precedence determines the grouping of terms in an expression.
Operator precedence is covered on the next page.
Operator precedence is introduced.
Operator precedence is the order of the operators to be evulated in an expression.
Operator precedence refers to the order in which operators get used.
Operator service is available for campus instruction.
Operator services are part of switched telecommunications service.
Operator services are part of toll telecommunications service.
Operator services are to be sold to an Arizona multinational that runs call centres.
Operator services are very much alive and interactive.
Operator services involve operator assistance in placing a call.
Operator services provide directory assistance and conference calls.
An operator is a function
Operator activate optical sensor buttons, pin inserter advances and retracts.
Operator activates the lease with applicable lease documentation.
Operator answers all lines individually.
Operator begins construct on and trilling operations.
Operator brings up customer account and completes transaction.
Operator can adjust both the pitch of the scoop for digging or the angle of the scoop for ditching.
Operator can benefit financially from careful maintenance and use of vehicle.
Operator can choose between fast and slow lifting speed.
Operator can choose various options.
Operator can claim depreciation allowances.
Operator can control multiple machines and can be used in other value added tasks.
Operator can easily change attachments leaving cab only once.
Operator can easily locate open squibs before the show .
Operator can load and edit stations for realistic world-wide navigation.
Operator can point at any slice plane and see corresponding point on the Bull's-eye display.
Operator can reach each station from one location for easy set-up and control.
Operator can read two oil samples simultaneously.
Operator can select to control constant or ramped acceleration, velocity, or displacement.
Operator can select to include or exclude muted data from the statistical information.
Operator can speak as the patient.
Operator can then control the influx of vials onto an inliner with one smooth easy motion.
Operator collects a baseline blood sample.
Operator collects at least two blood samples.
Operator compacts refuse while traveling to next refuse container.
Operator controls the tool position by hand.
Operator controls the users' work.
Operator decides position of emulsion after photon has passed through slit system.
Operator defines contents of display.
Operator draws back slightly.
Operator faces aircraft, providing full range visibility reducing potential damage to aircraft.
Operator falls asleep.
Operator has complete control of all pitches with easy to read scales.
Operator has complete control of pitches with easy to read pitch gauges.
Operator has hands off during operation.
Operator has no control over the extent of wheelchair accessibility features.
Operator has ready access to an emergency button that instantly locks all the wheels on the train.
Operator has to manually obturate the camera.
Operator has to put a white illuminated paper in front of camera during acquisition time.
Operator has to rub a hole in panel with blade tip.
Operator includes a person offering products or services for sale through the Web site.
Operator is any person or entity who operates a pollution control facility.
Operator is more comfortable without the difficulty of looking back to manage a rear mounted boom.
Operator is offset, giving better visibility to the bucket.
Operator is offset, providing better view of the bucket.
Operator is reaponsible for the general appearance of truck.
Operator is Roman.
Operator isa relation.
Operator licensing for boats is a State function.
Operator loads the next pallet while one part is being welded.
Operator needs to make sure the machine is always properly stocked.
Operator notices that the valves for the secondary loop backup pumps are off.
Operator obtains appropriate airworthiness document.
Operator permits for commercial and party and charter boats.
Operator places the board onto the tooling tray and slides the tray into position.
Operator provides wetsuit, booties, polarfleece jackets and windbreakers.
Operator quickly pierces skin to a shallow depth, using a sterile, disposable metal lancet.
Operator quickly pierces the skin to a shallow depth, using a sterile, disposable metal lancet.
Operator reserves the right to determine minimum staffing.
Operator rotates with the upper structure reducing fatique due to head movement.
Operator sees problem, hits e-stop.
Operator stands at head of the table.
Operator stands outside the alleyway and with one lever adjusts entire alley.
Operator starts program-response diagram.
Operator takes delivery of equipment.
Operator takes multiple blood samples.
Operator transcribes the message and sends it via pager or email to cell phone.
Operator turns it on and off, and can inhibit calibration during interesting observation periods.
Operator vibrates the hairsprings to insure time-keeping qualities of each watch.
Operator withdraws the needle and transfers sample from the collecting syringe into sterile tubes.
Operators accept customer orders.
Operators actively involved in system clustering also stand to profit from the technology.
Operators adapt directly to the threaded button end.
Operators add dolomite to thin slag, which acts to thicken slag.
Operators adjust controls when needed.
Operators adjust thermostats and fuel valves to heat equipment to the proper temperatures.
Operators agree it's worth the effort to find the best fishmongers.
Operators allow for complicated searches.
Operators allow the combination of terms in a variety of ways.
Operators already have the labor and product.
Operators also agree to practice safe snowmobiling.
Operators also are able to communicate around the world in so many ways.
Operators also can contract with vendors for on-lease power generation.
Operators also can immediately notify the local fire department and emergency medical service.
Operators also can slue the electrodes left or right and change their inclination.
Operators also have the option of self-generated power.
Operators also have to be concerned with solar gain in or around the system.
Operators also make minor repairs to valves, pumps, and other equipment.
Operators also provide fumigation services.
Operators also run dive tours from Belize City.
Operators also tend to lose or misplace their manuals fairly often.
Operators also work in other settings.
Operators announce participants and scan calls during the conference.
Operators answer calls and record the caller's name, phone number, age and question.
Operators appear to be risk averse.
Operators appreciate the ease of use.
Operators are a feature of many programming and scripting languages .
Operators are a layer of notation that makes it easier to work with nasty integral equations.
Operators are able to alter and tune the system as requirements change.
Operators are able to customize processing scripts for different types of jobs.
Operators are able to customize processing scripts for virtually any workflow.
Operators are able to do twice the work of competitive units.
Operators are able to fix common problems themselves, but support staffers are always on call.
Operators are able to use a joystick to rotate the cameras, zoom in or out, up or down.
Operators are adjacent, near, same and within n .
Operators are also available for vertical gates.
Operators are also responsible for restricting access to controlled areas during operations.
Operators are always visible to a supervisor, reducing idle time.
Operators are an essential and integral part of any movement in the market.
Operators are anxious to hold onto appetizer business.
Operators are attentive and responsive to plant parameters and conditions.
Operators are available at all times.
Operators are available during normal duty hours.
Operators are available in English and Spanish.
Operators are available to answer questions in English or Spanish.
Operators are available to provide individual and departmental listings upon request.
Operators are available under certain circumstances at hourly rates .
Operators are aware of ongoing plant activities and surveillance testing.
Operators are aware of the reasons for annunciators that are in the alarm condition.
Operators are bilingual offering English and Spanish.
Operators are businessmans.
Operators are case insensitive.
Operators are case-insensitive.
Operators are characterizing vehicle health and gathering data on the testbed payloads.
Operators are concerned about the cost of implementing the service.
Operators are concerned with fuel fill rates.
Operators are cross-trained to perform numerous tasks.
Operators are Denmark, Finland and Sweden.
Operators are eligible to receive raises based on job performance.
Operators are fine if they are essential part of the demo.
Operators are free to run their businesses their way, under their own names, with no restrictions.
Operators are free to select the technology that fits their value-added services best.
Operators are in the room according to the schedule posted on the chat page.
Operators are including contractors as part of the team.
Operators are instructions for specific actions like addition and multiplication.
Operators are involved in a limited way.
Operators are just strings.
Operators are located in subways.
Operators are mapping.
Operators are matrices, acting on such vectors.
Operators are more comfortable and productive with two electro-hydraulic joysticks.
Operators are neede for race communications.
Operators are next on the agenda, in chapter five.
Operators are of three types.
Operators are office workers.
Operators are often the 'glue' that makes complex dynamic systems work.
Operators are on call around the clock.
Operators are on call at all times in the rare occasion of a server or network outage.
Operators are on duty . . .
Operators are on duty around the clock to operate the pipelines and monitor safety parameters.
Operators are on duty during the following times.
Operators are on duty whenever the lab is open.
Operators are on their feet moving between machines during most of their shift.
Operators are on their own to create, edit and print their letters.
Operators are relatively consistent among databases.
Operators are reluctant to rent out equipment when there's a heavy surf.
Operators are responsible for following all trail rules and regulations.
Operators are responsible for fueling the equipment.
Operators are responsible for keeping the automated machinery at proper operating parameters.
Operators are responsible for maintaining records for all training courses attended.
Operators are responsible for reporting all incidents and unsafe conditions to their supervisor.
Operators are responsible for safely securing mobility devices.
Operators are responsible for their own expenses such as air tickets, hotel bills, and food etc.
Operators are responsible for tracking the cars and handling communications for any emergencies.
Operators are seasonal employees who undergo rigorous training during the early part of the year.
Operators are signal generators that can modulate each other in various configurations.
Operators are similar to functions, but they exhibit important differences.
Operators are speculators.
Operators are still responsible for meeting the requirements on all channels at all times.
Operators are subject to parking and moving violations.
Operators are the first line of defence against harassment and abuse.
Operators are the first line of defense against harrassment and abuse.
Operators are the logical links between search expressions.
Operators are the providers of the infrastructure.
Operators are the set of atomic-level operations with which a user composes a solution to a goal.
Operators are the simplest functional units in programming language.
Operators are the stuff of chapter four where more data types are introduced and demonstrated.
Operators are things in a regular expression that match one or more characters.
Operators are to protect manufacturers' warranties when performing preventive maintenance.
Operators are to use due caution in crosswalks.
Operators are typically polite and try to be helpful.
Operators are usually abrupt and often rude.
Operators are well positioned to take the advantage of the opportunities in mobile e-commerce.
Operators assume that the pumps are doing what they're supposed to do.
Operators attempt to be flexible and to offer their aircraft for as many objectives as possible.
Operators automatically announce stops at all major intersections and other stops by request.
Operators Be wary of user-defined conversion operators.
Operators can act on sets or words.
Operators can add material into the bath in the fill chamber.
Operators can add user-installable components such as a splitter and customized software as needed.
Operators can add, delete, or modify customer VPNs.
Operators can adjust the processing to their own tastes.
Operators can also assign authorizations and permits for their own courses to any students.
Operators can also choose to monitor downhole activity through headphones.
Operators can also conceive, analyze and deploy unique services targeted at their customers.
Operators can also dub over the original audio track for narration purposes.
Operators can also edit, display or print any text file in the system.
Operators can also give the caller meeting times and dates of local Gambler s Anonymous meetings.
Operators can also receive scanned data while setting up new originals on a different tray.
Operators can analyze problems with proper knowledge and develop potential solutions.
Operators can arrange executive packages for private charter and corporate hospitality days.
Operators can be arithmetic, unary, assignment, or relational.
Operators can be in lower or upper case.
Operators can be outsiders.
Operators can be tired, or anxious to complete the task before taking a break.
Operators can be visible or invisible.
Operators can begin making quality plates with a minimum of training.
Operators can begin training now to ensure a smooth start-up and efficient operation.
Operators can benefit by offering a broader range of services targeted to the corporate sector.
Operators can boost revenues by offering customized services to different market segments.
Operators can buy a bewildering choice of bandwidth-enhancing optical and wireless platforms.
Operators can call about demos, which are sometimes available.
Operators can change the status of payments, with appropriate security authorization.
Operators can check with local regulatory agencies for the rules in their area.
Operators can choose equation coefficients and other parameters for use during a calibration.
Operators can communicate with local law enforcement and emergency services as needed.
Operators can construct customized alerts based on any port's control, clock or data signals.
Operators can control the positioning of the pallets as they move through the banding machines.
Operators can covertly capture and record potential unsafe activity and vandalism.
Operators can create programs just by entering a few dimensions.
Operators can cross their fingers and hope it is so.
Operators can customize the user interface.
Operators can define sort pattern specifications by following simple screen prompts.
Operators can determine any combination of compression ratio, pixel count, and recording time.
Operators can determine when each item reaches a particular destination.
Operators can differentiate by launching a range of new, interesting services.
Operators can differentiate themselves by launching new and intriguing services.
Operators can discard the following items immediately after use in any tattooing operation.
Operators can download or drip feed to an NC control as well as receive files from the control.
Operators can easily create and save reusable backup control sets for repetitive backup operations.
Operators can easily load datasets by clicking on a thumbnail image of measured data.
Operators can enjoy combined capacity and quality gain in their existing base station sites.
Operators can ensure that their steam boiler safety valves are operating reliably.
Operators can even change screen layout to suit their individual tastes and needs.
Operators can fill a predetermined amount of components into the hopper and then walk away.
Operators can fill with fuel from either side of the tractor.
Operators can focus on specific sets of messages rather than sift through messages within queues.
Operators can frequently understand speech that had been hopelessly garbled.
Operators can give customers a credit or a refund for a wrong number.
Operators can handle more than one call.
Operators can handle multiple inbound support requests at one time.
Operators can have empty paramaterlists, preconditions and effects.
Operators can have multiple views of faults open simultaneously.
Operators can have the same name in multiple objects.
Operators can have their roles and privileges defined centrally.
Operators can head off alarms, prevent complaints, prioritize work and improve efficiency.
Operators can help weed out potential employees by being blunt.
Operators can leave notes about a user and read notes other operators have left.
Operators can leverage the troubleshooting knowledge gained from years of experience.
Operators can load plate cassettes while the platesetter is operating.
Operators can lower themselves from the platform in the event of a power failure.
Operators can make or break a system.
Operators can map overall energy distribution and transducer performance.
Operators can maximize concession stand profits while spreading expenses over larger facilities.
Operators can meet that goal by observing some business and economic fundamentals.
Operators can mix small orders with larger orders requiring the same grade of steel.
Operators can monitor sand buildup within a separator and take appropriate action.
Operators can now interconnect between each other without obstacles.
Operators can now position themselves at any point to see the placement of the loading spouts.
Operators can offer an instant choice with some degree of customization.
Operators can offer residential, business-class, and wholesale services to maximize revenue.
Operators can optimise their diesel costs by moving larger loads on larger vehicles.
Operators can pan, tile, and zoom cameras.
Operators can place as many calls as they wish on priority hold.
Operators can please both by offering a variety of seating options.
Operators can plot trends using real-time or historical data and can view and acknowledge alarms.
Operators can plow snow or mow grass.
Operators can predict the load.
Operators can prepare their networks now to handle future high-data rate services.
Operators can preview and edit an event while playing out program.
Operators can quickly view the vessel approach speed and distance.
Operators can receive kickbacks for allowing money laundering.
Operators can recognize problem areas simply by reading the financial statements.
Operators can record scrap, or quarantine suspect parts at the press as soon as they have been made.
Operators can record, transfer and playback messages at any location.
Operators can remain safe in a filtered, positive-pressurized cab.
Operators can remove and reuse timber bridges several times.
Operators can repeat a previous test by recalling the appropriate stored test setup.
Operators can request data in real time and monitor conditions as they change.
Operators can retrieve, download, and upload information on how the weld was performed.
Operators can route forms to supervisors for approval or to co-workers for assistance.
Operators can save yet more time by calling up empty trolleys with their RDTs.
Operators can scan an arriving chemical into the inventory and label it immediately.
Operators can select from various GFCS modes from which the system calculates ballistic gun orders.
Operators can select that observation from the screen and display the observation-specific log file.
Operators can select the next gear up or down within a range with a single lever.
Operators can send hypertext links to customer's, which open pop-up windows of any given web page.
Operators can squeeze an emergency order from an assembly plant into production without much delay.
Operators can still enjoy eating with well-balanced meals and snacks.
Operators can still enter the transaction.
Operators can switch attachments from the cab.
Operators can take a scan of a person and then make it move.
Operators can then call the company to determine which tower is carrying the signal.
Operators can then divide the work in the most efficient way to run through the scanners.
Operators can then gain experience from the mistakes of others.
Operators can then update their systems as appropriate.
Operators can then vary the chair adjustments according to the task.
Operators can think of mounting flags in terms of optimizing their purpose.
Operators can track and log the time, date, number of pages, and target destinations of print jobs.
Operators can train during their regular workday.
Operators can turn an external modem off and back on to reinitialize it.
Operators can use both eyes to read the display, do their jobs, and walk safely.
Operators can use pop-up menus to identify and select CPUs and name the servers as they choose.
Operators can use the clipboard to cut and paste alerts into a note or trouble ticket.
Operators can use the system's recipe management of setup parameters for fast, accurate changeovers.
Operators can view and acknowledge alarm conditions quickly using the alarm object.
Operators carry no change.
Operators change the levels or types of cognition from moment to moment within a problem.
Operators charge metal into a vessel in the furnace that's surrounded by a copper induction coil.
Operators charge scrap, coke, and flux into the melting section.
Operators charge the molten iron into the side of the furnace.
Operators check list.
Operators check the machine during production.
Operators clear the paint lines by spraying a small amount of solvent into a container.
Operators compares Visual Basic operators with their MatrixVB equivalents.
Operators complete the projects in the kit at their own pace, without pressure or deadlines.
Operators conduct the operations looking through the thick lead-glass windows.
Operators connect the tool to an air supply and begin stripping the encapsulation.
Operators continue to enter data into the system while experts try to fix the index problem.
Operators control and direct the loading and phasing in of generators.
Operators control equipment by moving levers or foot pedals, operating switches, or turning dials.
Operators control processing equipment to move water or wastewater through the treatment process.
Operators control the pulse width or repetition rate by an analog input voltage.
Operators control the system.
Operators cover investment costs and carry commercial risks.
Operators cover newly dumped garbage with soil each day.
Operators decide how much electricity flows to power lines.
Operators defend the dives, saying they dispel myths about sharks as man-eaters.
Operators Distinguish between prefix and postfix forms of increment and decrement operators.
Operators dive southern sites most of the year, at least until summer.
Operators do different tasks, some include assignment and arithmetic functions.
Operators do have wet suits for rental.
Operators do no accept collect calls or place long distance calls for faculty and staff.
Operators don t have to hold fruit while juicing, which makes operation cleaner.
Operators don t like using multiple ordering systems to make purchases.
Operators download necessary jobs and engrave either on rotating tool or laser engraving systems.
Operators drive a transit vehicle on a specified route according to a time schedule.
Operators easily can vary backwash intervals to match solids loading.
Operators easily zoom in on the defect and toggle between master and flaw.
Operators echo that sentiment.
Operators enable the representation of functions.
Operators enjoy an added source of revenue and can offer an added value to their customers.
Operators enjoy our machines because they are easy to operate and maintain.
Operators enjoy stock options in their locale and a great benefit plan.
Operators enjoy their jobs, and feel excited by the challenge of keeping the system running.
Operators ensure that the water or wastewater has been properly disinfected.
Operators enter and cancel accounts and do administrative chores.
Operators enter as much of the last name as they want and select phonetic search.
Operators examine the finished products for problems.
Operators fear the possibility of such storms prevents vacationers from booking for that period.
Operators feed the pellets into the blast furnace through tuyeres.
Operators feel that currently forecasting is too restrictive.
Operators finance construction and recover their costs through a connection fee and the tariff.
Operators follow a series of audible instructions prompted by the machine.
Operators gain their skills on the job, through an apprenticeship, or in a training program.
Operators generally work under pressure to meet deadlines.
Operators get a letter with each paycheck explaining how the production bonus was figured.
Operators get closed-loop feedback for corrective action.
Operators get corrected data in real time as the test proceeds.
Operators get fewer calls asking for phone numbers.
Operators get their pay, whether they run buses filled to capacity or empty.
Operators Go forward to Streams .
Operators go through growing pains when they start out.
Operators Go to the previous , next section.
Operators handle significantly more calls per hour with less stress.
Operators have a choice.
Operators have all what users have of commands plus much more.
Operators have full access to all jobs and maintenance functions.
Operators have full authority to direct conversations toward more edifying topics.
Operators have precedence, but operations with equal precedence are performed left to right.
Operators have the ability to contact the appropriate support people and vendors as needed.
Operators have the ability to lock the tray in three positions.
Operators have the responsibility to shut down their operation completely if there is a problem.
Operators have to be in contemplation of new income or reduced costs.
Operators have to be manually inserted.
Operators have to be more accountable.
Operators have to constantly look for a new angle to keep one step ahead of the law.
Operators have to do some lifting.
Operators have to invest lots of money before getting any profit.
Operators have to obtain permits.
Operators have to stoop, reach, and climb and often get their clothes dirty.
Operators have to stoop, reach, and climb and sometimes get their clothes dirty.
Operators have to think several times before buying a new piece of equipment.
Operators help callers find numbers for their electrical companies and local hospitals.
Operators help refine the limiting criteria and are selected from the pick list.
Operators highly appreciate the easy to operate fingertip control levers.
Operators hire, train, and supervise employees.
Operators incinerator to dispose of water minerals.
Operators indicate the operation to be carried out on operands.
Operators infer the temperature from the voltages.
Operators initiate corrective action without pre-approval of a supervisor.
Operators is what CC relies on to determine it course of action.
Operators issue transfers and collect fares via the farebox as passengers enter.
Operators just select the product, and the software works out what needs to be transferred.
Operators keep records and monitor equipment.
Operators keep track of demographics by requesting the ZIP codes of callers.
Operators know that word travels fast on the Internet.
Operators know their daily CAD productivity in miles per hour.
Operators know what, how, and when to measure.
Operators look for well-ventilated areas.
Operators love it and so do engineers doing inspection or approving grade work.
Operators love the prepaid system.
Operators maintain up to six coal piles.
Operators make extensive use of mental look-up tables rather than reasoning.
Operators make holes in each layer where they direct metal to connect circuits.
Operators make it as safe as possible, but there are inherent risks involved.
Operators manage the network together and management clients can be deployed where needed.
Operators manage the simulated traffic using keyboards and touchscreens.
Operators maneuver the equipment in successive passes to raise or lower terrain to a specific grade.
Operators manually pull one or two custom cables through the pipes.
Operators meet about at noon.
Operators mix wood pulp or chemical compounds in with other materials in order to make a liquid.
Operators monitor gauges to make sure the machine is running well.
Operators monitor meters and gauges that tell whether the equipment is operating correctly.
Operators mount everything.
Operators mount tapes for the writing and retrieval of data.
Operators normally follow directions that give the order of the shots.
Operators notice their machines slowing down, and eventually nothing.
Operators now can use the system to reduce costs.
Operators now concentrate on image quality, as the unit almost never jams.
Operators now have adequate boats, with all the essentials.
Operators now hope to sop it up with Internet traffic.
Operators now learn maintenance skills and maintenance personnel learn how to do operations.
Operators now perform automatic type conversion of integers to doubles before arithmetic.
Operators obey the associative law of multiplication, just like for numbers.
Operators perform some function on either one or two operands or three operands.
Operators perform various call completion services.
Operators place the lifting platform under the material to be moved.
Operators position the loads from the on-board console or from a remote console at the site.
Operators predict closures.
Operators promise a system with no odor, no noise, no traffic and no problems.
Operators provide around the clock surveillance and expertise in process control.
Operators provide useful information.
Operators providing services in high revenue-earning circles have to pay a higher licence fee.
Operators pull the charging handle back, bringing the bolt with it.
Operators react to the alarms and take actions to address the problem.
Operators read processing schedules, operating logs, and test results.
Operators receive items to be printed and read work orders.
Operators receive much of their training from the equipment suppliers.
Operators receive no protection from other co-channel users.
Operators rely on automation for optimum control.
Operators rely on personal computers to set the loggers then retrieve the information.
Operators require no previous computer knowledge.
Operators require no special training or skill.
Operators require no training as they are visually guided on a touch-screen display.
Operators respond in English.
Operators respond with unit redesigns and sales programs to keep customers happy.
Operators risk injury from cutting tools, moving equipment, abrasive dust, and toxic chemicals.
Operators routinely call former donors seeking additional support.
Operators run the heavy equipment that recovers, loads and transports coal.
Operators say customers are asking for it.
Operators say it is a model of efficiency and safety.
Operators say that some details of the merger, just announced last week, are still unclear.
Operators say the children enjoy such breaks.
Operators say the volume of calls often makes it impossible to respond to each emergency.
Operators say their days are numbered for economic reasons.
Operators say there is a demand for better quality, just as there is in other areas of foodservice.
Operators say they can run the ship within existing law.
Operators scoff at such stories.
Operators screen incoming material to keep inappropriate wastes out of the combustion process.
Operators select the monitor's nominal input voltage by turning a knob.
Operators select the regeneration time depending on compressed air usage.
Operators send text messages between the central console and the remote terminals.
Operators serve the same function as verbs in the English language.
Operators share tips on evaluating talent.
Operators simply change drums.
Operators simply select an object and draw the path they want it to follow.
Operators speak English, Russian, German, Italian, Hebrew, Japanese, Spanish, Portuguese.
Operators speak rudimentary English.
Operators speak Spanish and English.
Operators specify the logical relationship between two or more keywords.
Operators stand most of the time.
Operators start by examining blueprints and receiving instructions from supervisors.
Operators start down the self-branding path for a variety of reasons.
Operators start, slow, or stop the train.
Operators supply charts, and sometimes two-way radios.
Operators tag each cell or particle to be counted.
Operators take advantage of the technology by also using the data for control purposes.
Operators take no action on an alarm.
Operators then direct the dust released during the refining period into the other bag house.
Operators then drive vehicles onto the carrier, starting at the top, and filling front to back.
Operators then interact with that display using ultrasonic tracking devices.
Operators then mix it into gasoline, diesel and liquid petroleum gas such as propane.
Operators then respond with the appropriate listed number.
Operators there monitor substations and transmission lines in eight states.
Operators thus gain a sustainable competitive advantage.
Operators traditionally tend to apply more paint than is required.
Operators transform one state into another.
Operators try to avoid reasoning and use rules whenever possible.
Operators try to put off abandonments as long as possible.
Operators twisting to look over their shoulder can cause the tractor to swerve abruptly.
Operators type in the text.
Operators typically can access the wells and lines day or night, seven days a week.
Operators typically demand of themselves that they be tough.
Operators typically estimate system-purge requirements.
Operators typically make significant investments to develop a flexible fibre infrastructure.
Operators typically use dummy coils to fill gaps in the production schedule.
Operators understand fellow operators.
Operators understand that access to adsorbed methane is through fracture systems.
Operators Understand the different meanings of new and delete.
Operators upgrade their network every two years in order to remain competitive.
Operators use a mouse to select commands, to draw lines or edit information on the screen.
Operators use a route system for organizing their work loads.
Operators use a variety of pricing models.
Operators use at own risk.
Operators use automated equipment to fill and seal prepackaged medication cards.
Operators use commercial machines that are heavier and run faster than machines used in the home.
Operators use Conveyant consoles with auto matic database look up and dialing.
Operators use it to provide reference points to aid in controlling aircraft.
Operators use joysticks to control the plows' blades.
Operators use low dose antibiotics on a regular basis as a feed additive to enhance growth.
Operators use oxygen thermocouples in most heats.
Operators use percent mark-up on cost, rather than dollar figures, to make pricing easier.
Operators use speakerphone, chew gum or food, carry other conversations, or display brazen rudeness.
Operators use the gage at the end of the blow when the scrap is melted.
Operators use torque-sensing guns with visual indicators.
Operators using different emissions sometimes seem reluctant to accept newcomers.
Operators vary between programming languages.
Operators wait at sophisticated telephone systems for important calls to come in.
Operators watch a video, then complete exercises in a workbook.
Operators watch for pressure or leaks.
Operators watch the posted price of crude oil.
Operators wear special clothing including face masks and footwear to minimise any particles.
Operators wearing bifocals or trifocals can look at the screen without tilting the head.
Operators work all over the plant while they check and operate equipment.
Operators work alone, but very near fellow workers.
Operators work in a variety of weather conditions including hot and very cold temperatures.
Operators work in dusty and humid environments.
Operators work on any logical statement.
Operators work on musical phrases in a natural fashion for merging, modification, and selection.
Operators work to strict deadlines so fast accurate keyboarding and design skills are essential.
Operators often get careless when unplugging machines.
Operators often overestimate their ability to react in situations involving the intake area.
Operators often sit for long periods of time and lean over machines.
Operators often specialize in a particular type of machine.
Operators sometimes crank up the laser in order to better see the thin red glow.
Operators usually install the choke and kill lines above the bottommost ram.
Operators usually work on just one type of machine.
All operators are busy.
All operators are liable for any damage caused through non - respect of the above rules.
All operators are on alert.
All operators are registered nurses who specialize in poison information.
All operators are single or double character combinations.
All operators are subject to testing procedure upon request of enforcing authority.
All operators below can be mixed and matched.
All operators corresponding to observable are Hermitian.
All operators employ dive masters with professional certification and safety is paramount.
All operators fill out chemical usage record sheets before during and after spraying.
All operators handle blanks in float and double images, and for most of the other data types.
All Operators have the same contractual arrangement.
All operators have trade backgrounds and are trained to handle technical inquiries from customers.
All operators offer introductory courses taught by some of the most veteran experts in the business.
All operators offer snorkeling trips to magnificent reef locations as well.
All operators take a '-help' option to show details of operation online.
All operators then act as agents for the public interest in the provision of service.
All operators work on numbers except the last four.
Every operator can assign priorities to the techniques.
Every operator has university studies.
Every operator is different.
Every operator is encouraged to report and all quality problems.
Every operator is responsible for sending out their own messages to their lists.
Every operator understands the necessity for speed and accuracy.
Every operator wants a full dining room.
Every operator works with the most up to date information.
Many operators also have cards printed to their own design.
Many operators also offer additional cancellation and trip interruption insurance.
Many operators also place stickers with their name and phone number on jukes they operate.
Many operators are prepared or are preparing to enter into the mainland to provide services.
Many operators are unaware of the great potential at the industrial sites for volumes of sales.
Many operators belong to a union.
Many operators can provide lessons for novices.
Many operators coat their plates before leaving their rooms, and succeed in producing portraits.
Many operators find it hard to beat steam for flexibility.
Many operators find liquid oxygen more convenient to use as their fuel source than oxygen gas.
Many operators have multiple offices, only the head office is shown here.
Many operators have pongas, which are wooden boats with outboard motors.
Many operators keep their animals in open feedlots.
Many operators learn the trade by on the job training and apprenticeships.
Many operators now impose a restriction against driving on unpaved roads .
Many operators now use specialized video products to assist in path surveys.
Many operators provide tents and other camping gear, as well as wilderness clothing.
Many operators reduce hours or days of operation during colder months.
Many operators remove the high powered tractor from the agitator and use it to haul a liquid tanker.
Many operators start by putting their own spin on a proven favorite.
Many operators take calls from all parts of Europe.
Many operators take half the truth of transmission line theory and make up their own rules.
Many operators tune a laser by maximizing the power or the energy.
Many operators underestimate the cost of employees casually snacking on food while they work.
Many operators use flange or rail greasing to ease the passage of wheels on curves.
Many operators use irrigation equipment to spread liquid manure on cropland.
Many operators waste abrasive and time waiting for ricochet to get the job done.
Many operators work alone, or in small teams separated from their parent headquarters.
Many operators work in remote areas.
Many operators work on a per piece basis and earn at or near the minimum wage.
More operators are available in the Expert Search.
More operators are due to enter the telecoms market.
Most operators accept an immediately following variable operand instead of one stack operand.
Most operators allow children and snorkellers on the boat.
Most operators also have garages or body shops that bring in additional repair business.
Most operators are binary, although a few are unary, and there is one tertiary operator.
Most operators are binary.
Most operators are in a situation with highly expanding networks.
Most operators are mathematical, i.e. they only work on number variables.
Most operators can accomplish case size changeover in less than one minute.
Most operators can accomplish case size changeover in less than two minutes.
Most operators charge by the container load.
Most operators charge for each SMS message sent.
Most operators choose the former and the price jumps back up.
Most operators come with a solenoid activated brake and adjustable open and close limits.
Most operators coordinate their maneuvers in response to hand signals and radioed instructions.
Most operators fail because the gates or gate posts have failed.
Most operators give time for riders to get to their seats again before making the ride bounce.
Most operators have formal training programs and currency requirements for their instructors.
Most operators have more than one representation as characters.
Most operators have the same precedence and are left-associative.
Most operators make maximum use of pasture as a feed source.
Most operators offer a group discount so please enquire on booking.
Most operators offer brochures, or more information on their packages.
Most operators rely on a combination of technologies from categories one and two.
Most operators rely on the seasonally strong summer to make or break the year.
Most operators require a significant nonrefundable down payment.
Most operators reserve the right to cancel any trip without notice.
Most operators run a regular machine that sews pieces of cloth together in a seam.
Most operators say that the inclusion of system employees is vital to any disaster plan.
Most operators simply attend to the task in a quiet, straightforward manner.
Most operators start as helpers and learn the skills needed to become operators.
Most operators use their existing HF station equipment for copying Mode A downlink signals.
Most operators wear protective equipment such as safety glasses and earplugs.
Most operators work through a large team of trusted dealers and jobbers.
Some operators adjust the claws so they operate in their favor.
Some operators also add automatic alley scrapers which load the gutter cleaner.
Some operators also glue the pins in position with sealing wax.
Some operators also have infix syntax.
Some operators are arrays with different physical units for different array elements.
Some operators are better than others.
Some operators are however, already well established in the networked world.
Some operators are in charge of automatic painting machines.
Some operators are on rotating shifts of eight hours each plus weekends.
Some operators are unsure of the legal implications themselves and bar residents of certain states.
Some operators attending local association seminars go there just to sign in, walk around and leave.
Some operators become supervisors.
Some operators blame the courts and the government for their predicament.
Some operators carry bonds to reassure their customers, rather than using escrow accounts.
Some operators charge a small fee for transfers to hotels on late availability bookings.
Some operators concentrate so hard on the screen that they forget to blink.
Some operators currently use the enhanced troubleshooting tools to reduce cost of ownership.
Some operators define methods for a generic function .
Some operators even offer transaction services.
Some operators even work for zero commission and make their profit on shopping tours.
Some operators find it logistically easier to transport recovered oil by water rather than by land.
Some operators find there's a profitable side to unlimited refills.
Some operators get down into the milliwatt range.
Some operators have one, two or three day tours from Auckland just to the area.
Some operators have talent for acquiring unique redemption items.
Some operators install a side-mounted antenna on a small pole at the tower top.
Some operators keep records of drying times.
Some operators offer a controlled shark attraction experience using freshly caught tuna for bait.
Some operators offer a taste of the alternative, while others offer total immersion.
Some operators offer only residential services, others only business services, some both.
Some operators offer 'participatory' canoeing trips of any duration.
Some operators offer trekking and trail-riding on their own lands.
Some operators oversee machinery that makes manufactured fibers.
Some operators own systems in several different countries.
Some operators perform similar duties for organizations, such as hotels and medical centers.
Some operators perform simple functions and others encompass complex functions.
Some operators perform simple functions, and others encompass complex functions.
Some operators reduce sow's feed prior to weaning while others stop water right after weaning.
Some operators remove the master shield on the power takeoff drive from the tractor.
Some operators report that new employees stay just long enough to collect, and then leave.
Some operators request the patient to take a reclining position on a lounge.
Some operators return a count of successful operations.
Some operators return the first value in the list.
Some operators return the last value in the list.
Some operators say they're silent prisoners of their own short-term financial plans.
Some operators seed their cover crops at the end of each day of harvesting.
Some operators seem to try to confuse the issue.
Some operators shy away from cooking vegetables on a rotisserie because they worry about waste.
Some operators specialise in one activity but some combine several activities into one itinerary.
Some operators specialize in specific countries, some cover the whole world.
Some operators specialize in trading hazardous materials or endangered species.
Some operators use high pass filters installed in drops to block noise from entering the network.
Some operators use television or computer-linked communications.
Some operators work split shifts.
Operators Operators are one of the two types of verbs used in programming languages.
Operators Operators are responsible for setting up, running, and removing equipment.
Operators Operators are the most basic of functions in a programming language.
Operators Operators are the symbols in an expression that manipulate the data.
Opercle flap is black with reddish or orange border.
An operetta is an opera bouffe
Operetta is one of the most delightful forms of music that exists.
An operon is a polymer
Operon isa compound.
Operons are either inducible or repressible according to the control mechanism.
Operons are regulators of structural gene function.
Operons can also be repressible operons.
Operons have (part) atoms.
Operons have (part) base pairs.
Operons have (part) chemical chain.
Operons have (part) chemical groups.
Operons have (part) operator genes.
Operons have (part) regulator genes.
Some operons are under both positive and negative regulation.
Ophiogomphus exuviae are difficult, but less problematical than some odonate groups.
Ophir soils are sandy.
Ophthalmic administration is a dynamic field with increasing challenges and opportunities.
Ophthalmic complications are far less severe when the systemic disease is treated.
Ophthalmic consultation is recommended if eye involvement is noted.
Ophthalmic education is a primary goal of our society as stated in our bylaws.
Ophthalmic epinephrine is used to treat certain types of glaucoma.
Ophthalmic examination reveals tortuous retinal vessels in both eyes and retinal hemorrhages.
Ophthalmic findings are also variable.
Ophthalmic practices approach patient care differently.
Ophthalmic solutions can relieve red, irritated eyes.
Ophthalmic technologists assist ophthalmologists in the diagnosis and treatment of visual problems.
Ophthalmologic care is essential to minimize ocular damage.
Ophthalmologic consultation is indicated when eye involvement is suspected.
Ophthalmologic consultation is indicated.
Ophthalmologic consultation is mandatory in such exposures.
Ophthalmologic consultation is mandatory in vitreous hemorrhage.
Ophthalmologic consultation is mandatory.
Ophthalmologic manifestations vary and can be classified as noninfiltrative and infiltrative.
Ophthalmologic monitoring is necessary to check for visual loss at an early reversible stage.
Ophthalmological consultation is indicated, and occasionally decompression is performed.
An ophthalmologist is a specialist
Ophthalmologists also perform eye surgery.
Ophthalmologists are doctors who specialize in providing medical and surgical care for eyes.
Ophthalmologists are doctors.
Ophthalmologists are eye surgeons.
Ophthalmologists are impairment specialists.
Ophthalmologists are medical doctors and specialize in eye surgery and other secondary care.
Ophthalmologists are medical doctors who are trained to diagnose and treat all disorders of the eye.
Ophthalmologists are medical doctors.
Ophthalmologists are medical eye doctors who are specialists in the health of the eye.
Ophthalmologists are physicians specializing in the comprehensive care of the eyes and vision.
Ophthalmologists are physicians who diagnose and treat eye diseases and injuries.
Ophthalmologists are physicians who have special training in eye disease and vision.
Ophthalmologists are physicians who perform eye surgery.
Ophthalmologists are physicians who treat diseases of the eyes, sometimes surgically.
Ophthalmologists are specialists.
Ophthalmologists are the medical and surgical specialists of eye care.
Ophthalmologists are the only eye care professionals certified to perform surgery on the eye.
Ophthalmologists are the only eye care providers that are medical school graduates.
Ophthalmologists are uniquely eye M.D.s.
Ophthalmologists believe that sunglasses can offer some protection.
Ophthalmologists can assist in the diagnosis of rabies by using the corneal impression test.
Ophthalmologists can deliver total eye care including primary, secondary, and tertiary are.
Ophthalmologists can examine, diagnose, and treat eye disorders.
Ophthalmologists can prescribe drugs and perform surgery.
Ophthalmologists commonly treat proliferative retinopathy with laser therapy.
Ophthalmologists concerns Many ophthalmologists, however, have reservations about the idea.
Ophthalmologists diagnose and treat disorders associated with the eye.
Ophthalmologists diagnose and treat eye disorders.
Ophthalmologists here think that nothing can be done.
Ophthalmologists offer a comprehensive approach to ocular symptoms and disease.
Ophthalmologists perform eye exams, treat disease, prescribe medication, and perform surgery.
Ophthalmologists provide routine eye care, clinical testing and surgery.
Ophthalmologists recommend a glaucoma check as part of a regular eye examination.
Ophthalmologists remove scores of cataracts.
Ophthalmologists sell glasses.
Ophthalmologists use a microscope to carry out the operation.
Ophthalmologists use lasers to perform corrective eye surgery.
Ophthalmologists use the former style, optometrists the latter.
Ophthalmologists frequently use surgical intervention in their practices.
Ophthalmologists sometimes recommend Vitrectomy.
Many ophthalmologists are still conservative when it comes to glaucoma surgery.
Many ophthalmologists recommend avoiding drops that contain tetrahydrozoline.
Many ophthalmologists recommend that UV-coated glasses or sunglasses be worn while in the sunlight.
Most ophthalmologists are surgeons who are trained in medical and surgical treatment on the eye.
Most ophthalmologists provide comprehensive eye care, including cataract surgery.
Most ophthalmologists say yes.
Some ophthalmologists apparently start zapping corneas after little more than a weekend seminar.
Some ophthalmologists recommend reducing caffeine usage.
Some ophthalmologists specialize in treating very specific eye problems.
Some ophthalmologists still remember vitrectomy as a high risk, long, and involved procedure.
An ophthalmology is medicine
Ophthalmologies are medicine.
Ophthalmology also utilizes advanced laser and microscopic instruments and surgery.
Ophthalmology contains information directly pertinent to the specialty of ophthalmology.
Ophthalmology has one of the larger web coverages in public medicine.
Ophthalmology has one special eye room, appropriately equipped.
Ophthalmology is a particular field in medicine.
Ophthalmology is a unique specialty.
Ophthalmology is a very rapidly developing speciality.
Ophthalmology is big business in Alberta.
Ophthalmology is devoted to the medical and surgical treatment of eye diseases.
Ophthalmology is just the beginning.
Ophthalmology is the branch of medicine concerned with the eye.
Ophthalmology is the most needed medical speciality in Samoa.
Ophthalmology is the study of the eye, and the diagnosis and treatment of disorders that affect it.
Ophthalmology is the study of the eye.
Ophthalmology is to do with the eye and eye diseases such as cataracts.
Ophthalmoscopic examination is normal.
Opiate addiction is a disease much like diabetes.
Opiate agonists can cause cardiovascular adverse reactions.
Opiate agonists can induce vasovagal syncope or orthostatic hypotension.
Opiate analgesics make the gut move slower.
Opiate analgesics require a prescription.
Opiate antagonists are able to block acupuncture analgesia.
Opiate blocker boosts alcoholism treatment.
Opiate drugs are another class of pain-relieving prescription drugs.
Opiate use causes nausea and vomiting.
Opiate use causes tolerance, then physical dependence or addiction.
Opiate use remains very low among juvenile arrestees.
Opiate withdrawal can cause still-birth.
Opiate is a narcotic
Opiate is narcotics.
Opiates act on the respiratory center of the brain and reduce hunger, thirst, pain, and sex.
Opiates act on the same receptors as endorphins.
Opiates affect receptors located in the spinal cord and brain.
Opiates also cause delirium as they are known to reduce acetylcholine and increase dopamine.
Opiates also inhibit brain centers controlling coughing, breathing, and intestinal motility.
Opiates also inhibit sensitivity to the impulse to cough.
Opiates also modulate the endocrine and immune systems.
Opiates are a class of drugs including morphine, heroin and opium.
Opiates are a type of drug extracted from the pod of the Asian poppy.
Opiates are addictive or habit forming.
Opiates are analgesics with strong narcotic action, they cause sedation and loss of consciousness.
Opiates are any of the addictive narcotic drugs.
Opiates are central nervous system depressants which are used medically to relieve pain.
Opiates are exceedingly addictive, quickly producing tolerance and dependence.
Opiates are extremely addicting, both physically and psychologically.
Opiates are harmful to a developing fetus.
Opiates are narcotic analgesics derived from the opium poppy.
Opiates are the classic psychoactive drug addiction.
Opiates are the natural or synthetic drugs that have a morphine-like pharmacological action.
Opiates are the religion of the people.
Opiates are very addictive, both physically and psychologically.
Opiates are very effective if taken regularly and at correct dosage.
Opiates can act on the brainstem to stop coughing or slow breathing.
Opiates can both relieve pain and promote itching.
Opiates can cause drowsiness and constipation.
Opiates can cause drowsiness, nausea, constipation and unpleasant mood changes in some people.
Opiates can cause drowsiness, nausea, constipation, and unpleasant mood changes in some people.
Opiates can cause nausea and vomiting, drowsiness, dry mouth, and confusion.
Opiates can cause respiratory depression, along with a decrease of air exchange in the body.
Opiates can come in the form of powder, pills, or solutions.
Opiates can either cause or magnify autistic symptoms.
Opiates can reduce attention, sensory and motor abilities.
Opiates can slow someones breathing down, or even stop it.
Opiates effect the digestive system by inhibiting intestinal peristalsis.
Opiates enter Iran from Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Opiates exert their main effects on the brain and spinal cord.
Opiates form the basis for many useful painkillers, but can be very addictive.
Opiates have almost no effect.
Opiates have an immensely addictive potency.
Opiates including morphine are ineffective against pain resulting from that condition.
Opiates increase plasma catecholamines in humans.
Opiates inhibit neurogenesis in the adult rat hippocampus.
Opiates inhibit the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon.
Opiates mediate pain in the spinal cord.
Opiates see widespread use as a pain killer for injured soldiers during the Civil War.
Opiates shorten the human life span by both physical and mental aging.
Opiates suppress physical sensation and response to stimulation.
Opiates take their name from the opium poppy.
Opiates Takes the form of brown chunks or powder.
Opiates tend to relax the user.
Opiates work on receptors in the brain and in the nerves to block the pain.
All opiates are addictive and build a tolerance in the body.
All opiates have a wide range of effects on the mind and body.
Some opiates are natural, and some are synthetic.
Some opiates come from a resin taken from the seed pod of the Asian poppy.
OPIC clients are exclusively American companies.
Opine magazine is about small towns and small cities.
Opine magazine is about students.
Opine synthesis is a unique characteristic of tumour cells.
Opinion article is written and all quotations and research are properly cited.
Opinion articles are open to all political, social and philosophical viewpoints.
Opinion articles provide a forum for debate and hypothesis.
Opinion columns reflect the views of the individual writers.
Opinion evidence has a starting point of being inadmissible.
Opinion leaders are people who can influence the attitudes or behaviors of others.
Opinion leaders are usually convention followers and dead wrong.
Opinion leadership is now the name of the game in Washington.
Opinion piece warns state's foster children are being overmedicated and urges legislative action.
Opinion pieces are also welcome if supported by reasonable research.
Opinion pieces are an important part of changing the course of popular thought.
Opinion pieces can range from short overviews to feature articles.
Opinion pieces cover a wide range of topics.
Opinion pieces have two columns, left-aligned type and a 'pull quote'.
Opinion pieces provide an excellent forum for community members to air their views.
An opinion poll is research
Opinion polls are among the data sets available.
Opinion polls are anxious to predict the outcome in the different states.
Opinion polls are irrelevant.
Opinion polls bring contradictory short term pressures to bear on longer term policy direction.
Opinion polls confirm that second round likely.
Opinion polls confirm that there is a drop in confidence for the government.
Opinion polls continue to indicate falling support for the UK's membership.
Opinion polls give five parties and coalitions a chance of gaining seats in the new parliament.
Opinion polls indicate a two-thirds majority in favour of an immediate ban on fox hunting.
Opinion polls indicate it.
Opinion polls indicate that education is the top issue for three out of every four voters.
Opinion polls indicate that New Labour overcame the party's usually poor showing among women.
Opinion polls indicate that second electoral round likely.
Opinion polls indicate that support for European unity is fast eroding.
Opinion polls indicate the race remains a dead heat.
Opinion polls indicate up to one-third of likely voters still are undecided.
Opinion polls report that public confidence in the armed forces is at the highest level in years.
Opinion polls reveal some startling numbers.
Opinion polls reveal staggering instances of what one can only call ignorance.
Opinion polls reveal that education is a top voter concern during election seasons.
Opinion polls seem to have replaced baseball as the great American past time.
Opinion polls shed light on our hesitancy to accept assisted suicide outright.
Opinion polls show a distancing of the general public from radical environmentalist positions.
Opinion polls show a growing majority of the public in favor of such programs.
Opinion polls show a high-level of public support for the pope's visit.
Opinion polls show a majority in favour of one Green policy after another.
Opinion polls show considerable support for the war.
Opinion polls show it very likely to be approved.
Opinion polls show most people disagreeing with the verdict.
Opinion polls show much of the public views media performance negatively.
Opinion polls show national confidence rising steadily.
Opinion polls show oposition to foreign land ownership running at eight or nine to one.
Opinion polls show people are ready for change.
Opinion polls show strong public opposition to executing the retarded.
Opinion polls show strong public support for the measure.
Opinion polls show strong support for bilingual signs among the city's English-speaking population.
Opinion polls show that it is.
Opinion polls show that more than half believe in UFOs.
Opinion polls show that the public has fallen for a lot of it.
Opinion polls show the arrivals are blamed for crime, disease and poaching jobs.
Opinion polls show the public deeply split.
Opinion polls suggest a yearning for a leader whom they can admire.
Opinion polls suggest that the American public is strongly interested in issues of education.
Opinion polls taken in the USA and Europe uniformly show strong public support.
Opinion Polls Vote on several current sports related questions.
Every opinion poll shows broad public support for the idea.
Every opinion poll shows that education is now the public's top domestic priority.
Opinion research saves money in the long run by taking part of the guesswork out of strategizing.
Opinion research shows high level of public respect and trust for teachers.
Opinion surveys are also part of our marketing process.
Opinion surveys are big business and getting bigger.
Opinion surveys can gather information that is difficult to obtain by other means.
Opinion surveys function like a focus group by gathering the opinions of a group.
Opinion surveys represent another forecasting technique.
Opinion surveys show teens look to actors and actresses, more then their parents, as role models.
Opinion writers rely, more or less, on that literary illusion every week.
Opinion appears to be divided between strong support and strong resistance.
Opinion attract across none church consequently command gym.
Opinion attract across none church consequently command ncaa.
Opinion attract across none church consequently command surfing.
Opinion bases on facts.
Opinion Be a hero because everyone needs one.
Opinion can vary depending on circumstance.
Opinion change free space.
Opinion choose Scissors out an men between little sock.
Opinion creates markets, industries and cities.
Opinion differs as to the costs and effects of parity mandates.
Opinion differs dramatically, however, on the quality of education one s own children receive.
Opinion divides into two main camps.
Opinion exercises a more potent influence than reason.
Opinion expressed by the authors is strictly their own.
Opinion has little weight in negotiations.
Opinion indicates that the most efficient modern method is digital inkjet technology.
Opinion is a belief
Opinion is a consciously insufficient judgement, subjectively as well as objectively.
Opinion is a thing all by itself.
Opinion is also divided on whether they have been sucessful.
Opinion is as much on trial as actions.
Opinion is beliefs.
Opinion is clear and supported with reasons and examples, most of which are relevant and logical.
Opinion is defined as a judgment, belief, or estimation.
Opinion is different.
Opinion is divided about exploring the asymptomatic side at the time of unilateral hernia repair.
Opinion is divided about how much has been removed from the top of the castle.
Opinion is divided about the origin of the UFOs.
Opinion is divided among our cataloging staff as to which type of barcode reader is the best.
Opinion is divided as to when the heigh-day of the pulps was.
Opinion is divided as to whether it's more or less comfortable than the male condom.
Opinion is divided as to who was winning at the time, but a replay is to be arranged.
Opinion is divided in Romania over the planned slaughter.
Opinion is divided on splits, despite their growth.
Opinion is divided on the advantage of taking an entire team to camp.
Opinion is divided on the pain of such a device.
Opinion is divided on the spring rolls but do try one of the fried sweet buns.
Opinion is divided on whether electronic filing is a good idea.
Opinion is divided on whether newspapers have much of a future.
Opinion is divided over a ban in pubs and clubs.
Opinion is divided over the cohousing of guinea pigs and domestic rabbits.
Opinion is divided sharply across racial lines.
Opinion is divided, but emotions are strong on both sides.
Opinion is divided, however, about which is most likely.
Opinion is divided, however, on the budget's impact on consumer, investor and business confidence.
Opinion is divided.
Opinion is dramatically different, however, on the quality of education one s own children receive.
Opinion is easy.
Opinion is fairly divided.
Opinion is free but facts are sacred.
Opinion is from a live radio show.
Opinion is generally favourable.
Opinion is generated by reviewing student test scores, grades earned, attendance, health and family.
Opinion is judgment.
Opinion is just that, opinion.
Opinion is just what someone thinks.
Opinion is legal documents.
Opinion is located in newspapers.
Opinion is messages.
Opinion is mixed regarding allowing livestock such as chickens in existing residential areas.
Opinion is mixed.
Opinion is nothing.
Opinion is now on-line.
Opinion is often the engine that drives an argument, but opinion by itself is never sufficient.
Opinion is one thing, truth is another.
Opinion is polarised on the new album by the most serious band ever to walk the earth.
Opinion is polarised.
Opinion is power.
Opinion is practically uniform.
Opinion is presented as fact.
Opinion is published occasionally on The Water Page.
Opinion is relatively consistent among other demographic groups.
Opinion is sharply divided on whether a full five-year suspension is appropriate.
Opinion is somewhat divided at the moment.
Opinion is split in Panama and the United States, and the issue is being hotly debated.
Opinion is split, but here's some evidence to consider.
Opinion is split, too close to call.
Opinion is split.
Opinion is supposed to be protected by the U.S. constitution anyway.
Opinion is that legislators noticed.
Opinion is that there is very high mortality among the queens during pregnancy and delivery.
Opinion is the most potent engine that can be brought within the sphere of political society.
Opinion is the place for editorials, letters to the editor, and columns.
Opinion is the same as belief.
Opinion is to some extent inevitable.
Opinion is too global a term.
Opinion is welcome.
Opinion is what people believed about light, for instance, before Newton's prism experiments.
Opinion is why governments fall.
Opinion is widely divergent.
Opinion is wisdom in diapers.
Opinion is, most stations ought to stick to radio.
Opinion isa belief.
Opinion just blows in the wind.
Opinion measure away several shore however save blackjack game.
Opinion measure away several shore however save cricket odds update.
Opinion measure away several shore however save free horseracing game.
Opinion nowadays tends to regard such attempts as a waste of time.
Opinion presents a forum for discussion on the current issues.
Opinion replaces fact and public controversy increases.
Opinion save through several shore however guard double down video poker.
Opinion See what press has to say about monginis.
Opinion seems divided.
Opinion seems to be divided on the subject.
Opinion seems to be divided.
Opinion seems to be swinging towards the abolitionists.
Opinion Send a letter to the editor.
Opinion suggest throughout the power otherwise drive audio systems.
Opinion supports positions.
Opinion supports prefer positions.
Opinion takes precedence over theology.
Opinion varies as to the exact limits of the term meristem.
Opinion varies in some churches.
Opinion varies on many usage rules.
Opinion varies on the value of a course.
Opinion varies on the value of the courses.
Opinions abound among religious groups on how best to get the message across.
Opinions abound as to the impact of socialist education.
Opinions abound on the certification of forest management practices.
Opinions abound on the subject.
Opinions abound, and work ethics differ.
Opinions abound, but most veteran players and coaches agree it's a tough call.
Opinions abound, the discussion is endless, and connections too tenuous to be defined are cited.
Opinions also contrast on hatcheries.
Opinions also depend on what the child s relationship is with the person who has cancer.
Opinions also depend on what the child's relationship is with the person who has cancer.
Opinions also vary widely about the plausibility of life based on media other than carbon chemistry.
Opinions appear as well as facts.
Opinions appear to be about evenly pro and con on countywide zoning.
Opinions are a dime a dozen or so they say.
Opinions are a dime a dozen.
Opinions are acceptable as long as students give proper support.
Opinions are all contradiction.
Opinions are all over the map.
Opinions are all over the place, on all aspects of the novel.
Opinions are almost unanimously positive regarding the new policy.
Opinions are also available on the system the day they are filed.
Opinions are also clear with regard to head scarfs for women and the trend is the same.
Opinions are also divided regarding regulatory bodies.
Opinions are also opposite regarding hatcheries.
Opinions are always specialized knowledge.
Opinions are an evaluation, estimations, a guess, or what seems true or probable.
Opinions are an integral part of a discussion forum.
Opinions are as numerous as people everybody has one.
Opinions are as varied as they are numerous.
Opinions are assertions or statements that a person believes to be true.
Opinions are available at the main web site.
Opinions are available by linking from the news releases for opinion decrees.
Opinions are available shortly after cases are decided.
Opinions are available the same day they are released from the bench.
Opinions are bad predictors of behavior.
Opinions are beliefs about reality.
Opinions are by definition a matter of opinion.
Opinions are catalysts for change.
Opinions are clear and well written.
Opinions are deeply divided.
Opinions are different animals, however.
Opinions are divided about whether the North can be coaxed into negotiations.
Opinions are divided concerning new development.
Opinions are divided when it comes to the somewhat invasive perennial buttercup.
Opinions are divided, and the question is a doubtful one.
Opinions are divided, but it seems that many factors interact.
Opinions are divided, but one thing is clear.
Opinions are divided, generally, between mental or spiritual and bodily trials .
Opinions are divided.
Opinions are downloadable in rich text format.
Opinions are easy, everyone has one.
Opinions are easy.
Opinions are fickle.
Opinions are fierce and varied.
Opinions are fine, good or bad.
Opinions are for the sports columnist.
Opinions are free for the first five seconds, and quite dear thereafter.
Opinions are good.
Opinions are great, but the only votes that really count are the ones that are paid for.
Opinions are honest.
Opinions are ideas that have been drained of all vitality.
Opinions are important, as are a plethora of diverse opinions.
Opinions are important.
Opinions are in definite oversupply.
Opinions are in highly digested form.
Opinions are in pdf format.
Opinions are in slip opinion form without headnotes or synopsis.
Opinions are indeed a dime a dozen.
Opinions are invited there.
Opinions are items that are evaluative, judgmental, and interpretive in nature.
Opinions are just as conflicting on whether the gap is growing or closing.
Opinions are just opinions.
Opinions are just that, opinions.
Opinions are just that.
Opinions are liable to change.
Opinions are like A holes bro'.
Opinions are like appendixes.
Opinions are like armpits.
Opinions are like assholes, everyone has one.
Opinions are like assholes.
Opinions are like belly buttons.
Opinions are like ears.
Opinions are like noses, everybody has one.
Opinions are like noses.
Opinions are like personality disorders.
Opinions are like rear ends.
Opinions are like vestigal tails.
Opinions are like whiskers.
Opinions are likely to differ.
Opinions are lke assholes, everybody has one.
Opinions are merely thoughts and nothing more.
Opinions are mixed as to the ride.
Opinions are mixed as to the role caffeine plays for headache sufferers.
Opinions are mixed on the near-term outlook for small, aggressive stocks.
Opinions are mixed on who's the favorite to win the conference.
Opinions are mixed regarding the actual raising of the Bluebird and the discussion continues.
Opinions are more divided as to what effect mergers have on the U.S. economy and on consumers.
Opinions are more important than facts.
Opinions are more varied in regard to Asia and Latin America.
Opinions are mostly the same, off the record.
Opinions are necessary, but only the well thought ones are worth anything.
Opinions are often extreme both pro and con.
Opinions are often extreme-both pro and con.
Opinions are OK, but be cool.
Opinions are okay, but when people take offense to pages, that is when the line has been crossed.
Opinions are one thing and facts are another.
Opinions are one thing, while intentional misrepresentation and lies are another.
Opinions are only opinions.
Opinions are opinions, rumors are rumors, and facts are facts.
Opinions are opinions.
Opinions are plentiful.
Opinions are preferences concerning alternative choices.
Opinions are priceless.
Opinions are prolific but often lack substance.
Opinions are reasonable or debatable.
Opinions are searchable and also indexed by court, date and judge.
Opinions are searchable by docket number, case title and full text as well as browsable by year.
Opinions are sharply divided as to the justification of amendments in standard works.
Opinions are sharply divided on whether it is nice.
Opinions are solely the authors .
Opinions are still divided even between many sociologists and economists.
Opinions are subject to modification as new scientific information becomes available.
Opinions are subject to typographical and printing errors.
Opinions are subjective.
Opinions are that of the author only.
Opinions are the authors' own.
Opinions are the author's.
Opinions are the responsibility of the individual posters.
Opinions are the small change in the exchange of ideas.
Opinions are the writer's alone.
Opinions are uploaded early in the morning on the day they are released.
Opinions are valuable and enjoyable to hear.
Opinions are valuable, so please help by taking a few minutes to answer the questions given below.
Opinions are varied.
Opinions are very difficult to express.
Opinions are welcome, and respect is required.
Opinions are welcome.
Opinions are what make or break the candidates.
Opinions are what the forum is about and people helping people with our fears, problems,etc.
Opinions are wide and varied.
Opinions are widely varied and sometimes strongly held.
Opinions are wildly divergent.
Opinions belong to their authors.
Opinions build facts.
Opinions build in logic.
Opinions can be mean, they can be hurtful, but they're still constitutionally protected.
Opinions can change lives, but opinions based on false beliefs can lead people into trouble.
Opinions can differ as to what laws mean.
Opinions can differ significantly among a group of reviewers.
Opinions can range widely.
Opinions can vary, though.
Opinions change and are different for different people.
Opinions change and debate rages.
Opinions change and fluctuate for all kinds of reasons and with great speed.
Opinions cloud the view.
Opinions come and go, and popular impressions change.
Opinions come and go.
Opinions come into play.
Opinions come out in slip format then cumulate into paper and hardbound volumes.
Opinions concerning the remaining five types of media content, however, did vary by subgroup.
Opinions cover the spectrum.
Opinions create trades.
Opinions demonstrate scholarly legal analysis.
Opinions demonstrates scholarly legal analysis.
Opinions differ about potential growth.
Opinions differ about the activity shown here.
Opinions differ about the cold hardiness of palms.
Opinions differ about the degree of correspondence among groups referred to as cults.
Opinions differ about the evidence of a woman.
Opinions differ about the impact shredding corn residues has on drilling small grains.
Opinions differ about the reuse of dialyzers, a key component of the dialysis machine.
Opinions differ among parents and professionals on whether exercises enhance a baby's development.
Opinions differ among the countries.
Opinions differ and that's what keeps lawyers in business.
Opinions differ and the truth is more complex than caricatures painted by the left and right.
Opinions differ as the upper waters.
Opinions differ as to how square dancing evolved in Cape Breton.
Opinions differ as to the age of the font.
Opinions differ as to the degree of that change, of course.
Opinions differ as to the descent and birthplace of Elijah.
Opinions differ as to the effectiveness of form letters.
Opinions differ as to the exact mechansms by which the N machine generates energy.
Opinions differ as to the meaning.
Opinions differ as to the most sought after roads in town.
Opinions differ as to the permissible limit of exhaustion of oxygen by sewage.
Opinions differ as to the preparatory work required leading up to the track season.
Opinions differ as to the proper time for sowing.
Opinions differ as to the reasons behind India's uncompromising stand.
Opinions differ as to the rules of the game.
Opinions differ as to what is the best type of resistance training program.
Opinions differ as to what is the optimum speed for weak-signal reception.
Opinions differ as to what kind of light and what intensity.
Opinions differ as to whether cardiac output is initially elevated or unchanged.
Opinions differ as to whether it is a language, a dialect or slang.
Opinions differ as to whether structural adjustment has aggravated or alleviated poverty.
Opinions differ as to whether there is evidence for extinct volcanoes on the Moon.
Opinions differ as to which apples make the best cider.
Opinions differ because again, nobody is completely certain.
Opinions differ con- siderably as to the physiological significance of the Casparian strips.
Opinions differ concerning the scope and nature of the task.
Opinions differ considerably as to the influence of temperature upon the movements of stomata.
Opinions differ dramatically on which is the correct focus to take.
Opinions differ greatly.
Opinions differ in describing animals.
Opinions differ on how equity is achieved.
Opinions differ on how much humidity is needed.
Opinions differ on how the policy has been received.
Opinions differ on how to improve yields, and on how far they can be improved.
Opinions differ on the amount.
Opinions differ on the best system for paying medical transcriptionists.
Opinions differ on the exact nature of that loss.
Opinions differ on the importance of new information technologies for rural development.
Opinions differ on the importance of palatability.
Opinions differ on the likely role of technology in the future of education.
Opinions differ on the necessity of an owner's policy.
Opinions differ on the site of ancient Gaza.
Opinions differ on the subject of tipping in Abidjan.
Opinions differ on the value of computational chemistry.
Opinions differ on their value to the sport.
Opinions differ on treating less serious abnormalities.
Opinions differ on treatment.
Opinions differ on what makes a true lowrider.
Opinions differ on what to serve with lutefisk.
Opinions differ on whether another make world is required after doing a make upgrade .
Opinions differ on whether central banks can stabilize exchange rates.
Opinions differ on whether chartered buses or vans driven by adult sponsors are safer.
Opinions differ on whether hand or machine cutting is preferable.
Opinions differ on whether that's good.
Opinions differ on whether there was any kind of direct influence.
Opinions differ on which is better.
Opinions differ on which specific institution requires reengineering.
Opinions differ over the interpretation of the association of fragile-X syndrome and autism.
Opinions differ regarding termite pre-treatment.
Opinions differ regarding the determination of intellectual property rights.
Opinions differ regarding the efficacy of gallbladder cleanses and liver flushes.
Opinions differ regarding the side of grids most suitable for permanent adhesion.
Opinions differ regarding what makes up the rim.
Opinions differ somewhat on the practical and legal arrangements for double pricing.
Opinions differ vastly.
Opinions differ when talking about location, lure type, color selection and tidal charts.
Opinions differ widely about the pros and cons of made paths.
Opinions differ widely.
Opinions differ within our discussions, some saying it is best to forget.
Opinions differ, and vary from one or two to six hours.
Opinions differ, and vary from three to six hours.
Opinions differ, but everyone agrees that Mondays are the worst days to launch a presentation.
Opinions differ, but most facial plastic surgeons recommend proceeding with caution.
Opinions differ, even among students, on whether colleges are making the right choice.
Opinions differ, however, on the definition of border proximity.
Opinions differ, however, regarding the effects of long-term exposure to lower levels.
Opinions differ, of course, depending on one's proximity to a lifeboat.
Opinions differ, of course.
Opinions differ, people have different tastes in games.
Opinions differ, to be sure.
Opinions diverge widely as to whether a form of religion had already developed.
Opinions do count.
Opinions do vary.
Opinions evolve from the interpretation of facts.
Opinions express how someone feels about a fact or a belief.
Opinions expressed by conference speakers are their own.
Opinions expressed by contributors are their own.
Opinions first appear in print in United States Law Week .
Opinions flow like cheapest wine.
Opinions form quickly and polarize the denizens.
Opinions form visitors about automobile life and society.
Opinions get a lot sharper in that situation, and they all focus on the individual.
Opinions go beyond facts.
Opinions go beyond the facts.
Opinions have a way of getting into the process.
Opinions have vested interests just as men have.
Opinions Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Opinions helps customers understand computer hardware and software trends and make buying decisions.
Opinions here are for educational purposes only.
Opinions here differ about the campaign s effectiveness so far.
Opinions hold firm.
Opinions involve a lengthy research and review process.
Opinions is an interactive experience.
Opinions lie in point of view.
Opinions normally run either strongly against or strongly in favor of the three wheel layout.
Opinions ought to be revised upwards.
Opinions partly differ about sleep in migratory birds.
Opinions pass as facts.
Opinions pop out like pearls of wisdom.
Opinions preserve self.
Opinions probably differ.
Opinions range all over the place.
Opinions range from the serious to the droll on the issue.
Opinions really diverge when it comes to assessing the current health of New York theatre.
Opinions reflect judgment at the time and are subject to change.
Opinions reflect our judgment at the time of publication and are subject to change.
Opinions reflect underlying sets of attitudes that coalesce into ideologies.
Opinions regarding the appropriateness of fishing technology often reflect sector interests.
Opinions regarding the causes of the war are contradictory.
Opinions remain atomistic without pattern of system.
Opinions remain atomistic without pattern or system.
Opinions remain strong on all sides, and compromise seems unlikely.
Opinions require further research.
Opinions run from the indifferent to the indignant.
Opinions run strong here, but all are well founded on years of paddling experience.
Opinions run strong on gun control.
Opinions say that someone is angry or happy.
Opinions seem pretty honest here.
Opinions seem to be more coherent and harmonised compared with earlier decision conferencing.
Opinions seem to differ.
Opinions seem to vary in different parts of the city, or with different groups.
Opinions seem to vary on whether it's any better.
Opinions seem way to scarce.
Opinions Send a letter to the editor.
Opinions serve as a poor substitute for real performance data.
Opinions show more stylistic variation than any other literary genre.
Opinions shuttle to and fro.
Opinions suddenly become visible and can be captured.
Opinions support by extensive subspecialty education, training and experience.
Opinions survive in the open, where others can view and support, reject or compromise.
Opinions take the form of anything from shoulder shrugs to vein-popping anger.
Opinions tell how someone feels about a fact or something they believe is a proven truth.
Opinions tend to differ greatly.
Opinions tend toward the progressive.
Opinions there vary from one extreme to the other.
Opinions vary - and are summarised below.
Opinions vary a bit.
Opinions vary about friendliness of manager.
Opinions vary about how much children do understand.
Opinions vary about the causes and seriousness of environmental problems.
Opinions vary about the fate, and the state, of the network.
Opinions vary about the morality of therapeutic cloning.
Opinions vary about the proposed soccer complex.
Opinions vary about what attracts a particular species of fish.
Opinions vary among economists about the effects of population change on a nation's economic health.
Opinions vary and are strongly coloured by political ideology and wishful thinking.
Opinions vary and everyone seems to have their own favorite.
Opinions vary and perceptions are changing all the time but here is a rough guide.
Opinions vary and some say the show was lacklustre.
Opinions vary and technology advances.
Opinions vary and the discussions of what it means to be blessed are thoughtful.
Opinions vary as much as for human food.
Opinions vary as much as the costumes the children clad.
Opinions vary as to exactly when is the best time to prune.
Opinions vary as to how and when to take calcium supplements.
Opinions vary as to how much of the older offline models still exist.
Opinions vary as to the act s significance.
Opinions vary as to the age group for young adults.
Opinions vary as to the benefits of cool white, warm white, and grow light bulbs.
Opinions vary as to the best time of day to harvest the flowers.
Opinions vary as to the importance of baits for the box trap.
Opinions vary as to the meaning of u la a ma avha.
Opinions vary as to the numbers dying because of lack of medical care.
Opinions vary as to the origin of the dance.
Opinions vary as to what drives the market.
Opinions vary as to what is causing the reduction.
Opinions vary as to what role alcohol played in Foster's life.
Opinions vary as to what UFOs and their occupants are and where they come from.
Opinions vary as to what was the aim of their incursion into the remote southwest of Kyrgyzstan.
Opinions vary as to whether all remains belong to the same species.
Opinions vary as to whether certain features are required for or only support the diagnosis.
Opinions vary as to whether the recent business bankruptcies are a harbinger of bad times.
Opinions vary as to whether there is anything wrong with bulk e-mail in and of itself.
Opinions vary as to which is the better program.
Opinions vary as to which of several machines is best.
Opinions vary as to which sex has the gentler nature.
Opinions vary as to why livestock attack trees.
Opinions vary considerably, as different people prefer different methods.
Opinions vary depending on which side of the hurricane one stands.
Opinions vary for many issues in tuberculosis control, including resistant tuberculosis, etc.
Opinions vary from agency to agency and some are seen as more effective than others.
Opinions vary from author to author, region to region, and experience to experience.
Opinions vary from family to family.
Opinions vary from three minutes of a rolling boil to even just a few seconds.
Opinions vary from training abs every workout, to once a week.
Opinions vary greatly as to the differences between Techno and other types of music.
Opinions vary greatly as to what is the best style for bushwalking.
Opinions vary in regards to the effect of hurricanes on the reef.
Opinions vary on exactly what are the right components of a business plan.
Opinions vary on how many channels are necessary.
Opinions vary on Richmond's downtown.
Opinions vary on studies that back bilingual classes.
Opinions vary on the amount of protein that is needed during pregnancy.
Opinions vary on the best place to actually wash.
Opinions vary on the best use of comments.
Opinions vary on the feasibility of truly evaluating human capital in an organisation.
Opinions vary on the impact of the courthouse.
Opinions vary on the importance of cover letters, but it won t hurt to include the information.
Opinions vary on the influence of qualifiers.
Opinions vary on the minimum acceptable frame rate.
Opinions vary on the subject, but the fact remains.
Opinions vary on the subject.
Opinions vary on the tangible medical benefits.
Opinions vary on the value of scientific ostracism.
Opinions vary on their purpose.
Opinions vary on what dyes and combinations of reflective layers produce the 'best' sound.
Opinions vary on what genetically modified organisms mean for Minnesota's environment.
Opinions vary on what is causing the jump in applications.
Opinions vary on what makes a classic car.
Opinions vary on when to perform cataract surgery.
Opinions vary on whether horses are safer inside a barn or turned out in a tornado or hurricane.
Opinions vary on whether river herring populations have declined significantly.
Opinions vary on whether that was a good idea.
Opinions vary on which adhesives and patching materials work best.
Opinions vary on which office suite is the best.
Opinions vary on why things change.
Opinions vary regarding the effect of scale length on tone and feel.
Opinions vary widely about what behaviors constitute the real attachment parenting.
Opinions vary widely as to an appropriate time for the giving and receiving of an eternity ring.
Opinions vary widely from country to country on the safety or otherwise of GMOs.
Opinions vary widely on how much to outsource.
Opinions vary widely on the best way to create technical specifications.
Opinions vary widely on the frequency of retinal detachment after floater surgery.
Opinions vary widely on their success.
Opinions vary widely when it comes to teenage use of nonalcoholic beers and wines.
Opinions vary widely, but reliable data are hard to obtain.
Opinions vary widely.
Opinions vary wildly about whether for-fee recruiting services are worthwhile.
Opinions vary wildly on the future.
Opinions vary wildly on where things are headed in the immediate future.
Opinions vary with regard to levels of radon and when to take treatment action.
Opinions vary with regard to linking U.S. payments to reform efforts.
Opinions vary within the enterprise as well.
Opinions vary, and there are convincing arguments either way.
Opinions vary, and variety is, of course, the spice of life.
Opinions vary, but can be summarized as follows.
Opinions vary, but most agree a long-sleeved shirt and perhaps even a jacket are in order.
Opinions vary, certainly.
Opinions vary, even among experts.
Opinions vary, of course, on how to do it.
Opinions vary, sometimes wildly.
Opinion always comes first.
Opinion often consists of a kind of criticism, but criticism can come out of love.
Opinions often tell the reader how people feel about events or evidence.
Opinions often vary as to the quality of the accommodations.
All opinions are also welcome.
All opinions are available for indexed searches as soon as they are on-line.
All opinions are equal, but some are more equal than others.
All opinions are equal.
All opinions are equally valid.
All opinions are equally valuable, valid, and correct for that person.
All opinions are fair game here.
All opinions are in flux, being continually re-evaluated by the users.
All opinions are just that opinions.
All opinions are more than welcome.
All opinions are of equal value, which means that no opinion has any real value at all.
All opinions are only in writing.
All opinions are personal unless stated otherwise.
All opinions are relative.
ALL opinions are relevant, and worth stating, no matter how controversial.
All opinions are searchable by keyword.
All opinions are solely the author's.
All opinions are strictly our own based on heavy use of the tool over a period of years.
All opinions are subject to change without notice.
All opinions are subjective and likely to change.
All opinions are that of the author.
All opinions are the opinions of the opinionating persons.
All opinions are the property of the owners.
All opinions are to be preserved.
All opinions are to be respected and valued.
All opinions are welcome and encouraged.
All opinions are welcome and greatly appreciated.
All opinions are welcome and the discussion is always positive and generally lively.
All opinions are welcome as long as they are expressed in a respectful manner.
All opinions are welcome here, but be sure to be respectful to the other visitors.
All opinions are welcome here.
All opinions are welcome if conducted in a mature, polite manner.
All opinions are welcome in the spirit of intellectual freedom.
All opinions are welcome, as long as they are expressed in a courteous and polite manner.
All opinions are welcome, but please keep it friendly.
All opinions are welcome, however controversial or unpopular.
All opinions are welcome, just keep it clean for the kids.
All opinions are welcome.
ALL opinions are welcome.
All opinions become equally arbitrary and baseless.
All opinions come from a position, and there is no neutral position from which to opine.
All opinions count in public art which is the great thing about it.
All opinions count.
All opinions DO get consideration.
All opinions have a right to be heard.
All opinions here are merely one person's opinion.
All opinions is the authors and is given as such with all hazards of judgeing anything from a photo.
All opinions is the authors and is given as such with all hazards of judging anything from a photo.
All opinions represented by muscletech are just that, opinions.
All opinions seem to be important or carry weight, even if there is no foundation.
All opinions though are acceptable as long as it's kept clean.
All opinions welcome, success and stress.
All opinions welcome.
Any opinion held is cause for controversy.
Any opinion issued by the committee expresses the judgment of the committee and is advisory only.
Any opinions are probably unintentional.
Any opinions are subject to change without notice.
Any opinions are very welcome.
Any opinions are welcom.
Any opinions are welcome.
Every opinion counts.
Every opinion has a megaphone.
Every opinion has to be checked and rechecked to exclude the possibility of biased opinions.
Every opinion is considered before the final decisions are made.
Every opinion is respected.
Every opinion is valuable.
Every opinion is welcome.
Every opinions are welcome.
Many opinions are discussed here from many individual viewpoints.
Many opinions exist about the musk gland, which is on the inside of each hind leg below the hock.
Many opinions exist about what constitutes useful nutrition labelling.
More opinions usually mean better and quicker help.
More opinions are always welcome.
More opinions help to create better laws.
Most opinion supports positions.
Most opinion supports prefer positions.
Most opinions tend to be biased.
Some opinion carries equal weight.
Some opinion carries weight.
Some opinion contains products.
Some opinion has dormancy.
Some opinion has facts.
Some opinions are also available here.
Some opinions are available in full text and some are available only in summary or digest form.
Some opinions are good, some are bad.
Some opinions are short, routine papers.
Some opinions are so strong that they become theories.
Some opinions are very helpful, while others are extremely damaging.
Some opinions hold that all forty-nine days comprise one large mitzvah .
Some opinions hold that it originated in south China or southeast Asia.
Opinionated people are idiots.
Most opioid analgesics are subject to extensive metabolism if given by mouth.
All opioid medications are capable of inducing tolerance.
Opium addiction is believed to be more common among many of the producers in Asian countries.
Opium latex is harvested just after the petals drop and before the fruit matures.
An opium poppy is a poppy
Opium poppies are an herb bearing seed.
Opium poppies are controlled according to the Controlled Substances Act.
Opium poppies contain morphine, which is refined to produce heroin.
Opium poppies produce latex but it is inelastic.
Opium production increases along the highlands of Southeast Asia.
Opium production is a painstaking, rigorous procedure that is illegal in many parts of the world.
Opium production takes place mainly in the hilly country near Burma's border with China.
Opium tincture is a dangerous item.
Opium appears as dark brown chunks or a a powder and is usually smoked or eaten.
Opium appears as dark brown chunks or as a powder and is usually smoked or eaten.
Opium brings on an amazing sense of relief, relaxation, and euphoria.
Opium causes poets to rhapsodize and nations to go to war.
Opium comes from the latex, or sap, collected from immature fruits.
Opium comes from the opium poppy.
Opium consists of the dried milky sap obtained from the pod of the opium poppy, apaver somniferium.
Opium contains alkaloids including morphine, codeine and thebaine.
Opium contains morphine, codeine, noscapine, papaverine, and thebaine.
Opium contains two family of alkaloids.
Opium contains unique tracks that encompass a variety of traditional Asian instruments.
Opium gives a persistent red colour in both portions.
Opium gives an immediate blackish precipitate.
Opium gives the user gentle, dream-like hallucinations.
Opium grown in the south and domestically made methamphetamines are the major problems.
Opium is a controlled substance
Opium is a narcotic
Opium is dark brown chunks or in powder form, generally eaten or smoked.
Opium is narcotics.
Opium is profane and quantitative like money.
Opium offers an option for the old.
Opium primarily relieves pain, raises the spirits, then stupefies.
Opium produced in China appears to be mainly for domestic consumption.
Opium suggests something soporific, numbing, dulling.
Opium varies in alkaloidal content from batch to batch, and between regions.
Opium varies in color from yellow to dark brown and has a characteristic odor and a bitter taste.
Some opium produced in Burma and Laos is consumed or refined in Thailand, and vice versa.
Opoid receptors are like a container.
An opopanax is gum
Opopanax gives liquor a winelike taste and is a fixative.
Opossum brains feature lobes.
Opossum rats live in the Andes forests.
An opossum is a mammal
Opossum are active generally at night.
Opossum are active the year-round and feed on anything.
Opossum are prolific and in a short time the opossum population can be overwhelming.
Opossum is one of the host species.
Opossum is the official name.
Opossum isa mammal.
Opossum uses the supreme strategy of diversion when things get too difficult to handle.
Opossums adapt to environments.
Opossums also come in and wander off when fruit is available.
Opossums also do better than rats and cats at solving maze problems.
Opossums also eat considerable amounts of vegetable matter, especially fruits and grains.
Opossums also eat grass, nuts, and fruit.
Opossums also eat snakes, many times poisonous snakes.
Opossums also have a prehensile tail, from which they can occasionally hang.
Opossums also target bird feeders.
Opossums appear to be extending their geographic range.
Opossums appear to prefer insects, animal flesh, and fruits in that order.
Opossums are a favorite pastime for the hundred pound mutt.
Opossums are a nocturnal animal, which means they are most active during the night.
Opossums are a type of mammal called marsupials.
Opossums are about the size of a big cat .
Opossums are active year round.
Opossums are active year-round and inhabit moist woodlands and brushy habitats at low elevations.
Opossums are active year-round but often den up when the weather is extremely cold.
Opossums are actually marsupials.
Opossums are also the proud owners of prehensile tails and opposable thumbs.
Opossums are at greatest risk from humans, domesticated pets, and cars.
Opossums are basically solitary and antisocial, either avoiding one another or acting aggressively.
Opossums are cat sized marsupials.
Opossums are common in almost all wooded and brushy areas.
Opossums are common urban wildlife.
Opossums are considered promiscuous, or polygynandrous.
Opossums are excellent tree climbers and spend much of their time aloft.
Opossums are extremely resistant to disease.
Opossums are extremely tough animals and can withstand considerable abuse.
Opossums are found in eastern, central, and west coast states.
Opossums are found in every South Carolina county.
Opossums are generalists.
Opossums are gentle, non-aggressive, highly beneficial animals.
Opossums are good tree climbers and often hang upside down, clinging by their prehensile tail.
Opossums are gray with long pointed noses and hairless ears and tail.
Opossums are immune to many poisons from other animals, such as rattlesnakes.
Opossums are incredible generalists with regard to their habitat and food preferences.
Opossums are insectivorous, carnivorous, or, more commonly, omnivorous.
Opossums are known to get into garbage and pet food that has been left outside.
Opossums are known to kill and eat poultry and small game birds thus causing economic losses.
Opossums are mammals.
Opossums are marsupials, and the obviously live in North America.
Opossums are marsupials, but unlike all other marsupials in several ways.
Opossums are marsupials, or pouched mammals, and are related to the kangaroo and the koala.
Opossums are marsupials, or pouched mammals.
Opossums are marsupials.
Opossums are marsupials.
Opossums are meticulously clean animals.
Opossums are more resistant to rabies than any other mammal.
Opossums are most active at night.
Opossums are most likely to cause problems by getting into garbage or raiding bird feeders.
Opossums are mostly arboreal and nocturnal.
Opossums are mostly nocturnal.
Opossums are naturally timid and try to avoid interaction with people and domestic animals.
Opossums are nest builders.
Opossums are nocturnal animals, spending most of the daylight hours in their dens.
Opossums are nocturnal foragers.
Opossums are nocturnal, spending the day in dens or other protected spots.
Opossums are nocturnal.
Opossums are non-aggressive creatures.
Opossums are North America's only marsupial, having a pouch to harbor and nurse their newborns.
Opossums are omnivores, able to live on a wide array of foods.
Opossums are omnivorous and eat a wide variety of food items.
Opossums are omnivorous, eating nearly any plant, animal, insect, or carrion.
Opossums are omnivorous, meaning they eat both plant and animal substances.
Opossums are one of the most common nuisance mammals in Michigan.
Opossums are opportunistic feeders and scavengers.
Opossums are opportunistic feeders, eating what is available.
Opossums are opportunistic omnivores that eat a wide variety of animal and plant matter.
Opossums are particularly fond of cat and dog food.
Opossums are quadrupeds.
Opossums are said to rank higher in intelligence than dogs.
Opossums are scavengers.
Opossums are sexually mature at six to eight months.
Opossums are solitary except at breeding time.
Opossums are solitary figures, only uniting around other opossums for breeding.
Opossums are solitary.
Opossums are somewhat nomadic, changing den sites often .
Opossums are subject to a variety of diseases, though interestingly, rabies is exceedingly rare.
Opossums are successful as a species due in part to the size and frequency of litters.
Opossums are the only extant marsupials outside of the Australian region.
Opossums are the only marsupials in North America.
Opossums are the only marsupials native to the United States and Canada.
Opossums are the only marsupials that are native to North America.
Opossums are the only North American mammal with a pouch.
Opossums are the primary hosts and birds are the intermediate hosts.
Opossums are tough little rascals.
Opossums are unique for many reasons.
Opossums are unspecialized animals that can utilize a variety of foods and habitats.
Opossums are usually shy and harmless animals, with two main defense mechanisms.
Opossums are usually whitish gray in the North but gray to nearly black in the South.
Opossums are very easy to catch.
Opossums begin breeding in late winter and early spring.
Opossums belong in the wild.
Opossums can also carry various parasites and diseases.
Opossums can become a nuisance to humans because of their scavenging.
Opossums can carry rabies, so wear heavy gloves and be wary of bites.
Opossums can climb trees and hand upside down having wrapped their rails around a tree limb.
Opossums can climb trees, burrow, withstand heat or cold, and are immune to rattlesnake venom.
Opossums can hang briefly from branches by their tails, at least when they are young.
Opossums can remember the taste of noxious or toxic substances even a year after a single encounter.
Opossums carry bundles of leaves and stems clasped in their tails when they are building nests.
Opossums carry parasites.
Opossums carry their babies in a pouch on their belly, just like a kangaroo.
Opossums certainly can and do kill and eat chickens and other birds.
Opossums climb fences.
Opossums close eyes.
Opossums collect fruit.
Opossums commonly use chimneys, attics, and spaces under houses, porches, and sheds as den sites.
Opossums consume food.
Opossums consume fruit.
Opossums depend on smell and touch to find meals.
Opossums do one thing extremely well, however, and that is to produce more possums.
Opossums do play dead.
Opossums eat almost anything that they can find.
Opossums eat food.
Opossums eat fruit.
Opossums eat garbage.
Opossums eat grass, mushrooms and chickens.
Opossums eat insects.
Opossums eat more animal than plant food.
Opossums eat pasture.
Opossums eat pet food.
Opossums eat practically anything.
Opossums endear themselves to scientists by breeding quickly and having large litters.
Opossums escape natural predators.
Opossums escape predators.
Opossums feed on insects.
Opossums forage at nights.
Opossums forage in areas.
Opossums give birth to mammals.
Opossums hang upside down by their tails when sleeping.
Opossums has-part mouths.
Opossums has-part tails.
Opossums have (part) brains.
Opossums have (part) breasts.
Opossums have (part) cell membranes.
Opossums have (part) cells.
Opossums have (part) chest cavities.
Opossums have (part) chests.
Opossums have (part) corpi.
Opossums have (part) cytoplasm.
Opossums have (part) ears.
Opossums have (part) faces.
Opossums have (part) heads.
Opossums have (part) nuclei.
Opossums have (part) pedal extremities.
Opossums have (part) piluses.
Opossums have (part) plasma membranes.
Opossums have (part) rib cages.
Opossums have (part) sections.
Opossums have (part) skulls.
Opossums have (part) sterna.
Opossums have (part) vacuoles.
Opossums have (part) vertebrate feet.
Opossums have a good way to survive.
Opossums have a heavy set body that resembles a large house cat.
Opossums have a pouch in which babies are carried.
Opossums have a remarkable immune system.
Opossums have a spectacular immune system, and a lower than average body temperature.
Opossums have between two and three litters a year.
Opossums have brains.
Opossums have ears.
Opossums have excellent night vision but relatively poor distance vision and overall visual acuity.
Opossums have expand ranges.
Opossums have eyes.
Opossums have features.
Opossums have glands.
Opossums have grayish fur, with naked ears and tail.
Opossums have hairless ears.
Opossums have heads.
Opossums have high infant mortality and short lifespans, averaging one to four years.
Opossums have high mortality rates at all ages.
Opossums have large mouths which contain a number of sharp jagged teeth.
Opossums have lifespans.
Opossums have many features.
Opossums have many interest features.
Opossums have marsupial development and females have a pouch.
Opossums have mechanisms.
Opossums have no highly developed or specialized mechanisms for attack or aggressive offense.
Opossums have one to two litters of six to ten young.
Opossums have opposable thumbs on their rear feet and can also grasp with their tails.
Opossums have pouches.
Opossums have ranges.
Opossums have relatively long rostrums , a small braincase , and often, a prominent sagittal crest .
Opossums have scent glands.
Opossums have short lifespans.
Opossums have soft, delicate hands with nails that are easily ripped out.
Opossums have some value as furbearers, and a good number are sold each year for their pelts.
Opossums have superpowers against snakes.
Opossums have teeth.
Opossums have thumbs.
Opossums have wide ranges.
Opossums help maintain a clean and healthy environment.
Opossums lend themselves to aging studies because they do it so precipitously.
Opossums live in areas.
Opossums live in forests , woodlands and near farms.
Opossums live in open woods, swamps and wastelands.
Opossums live in pouches.
Opossums live in woodlands and agricultural areas in all of Minnesota except the far northern part.
Opossums look like rats.
Opossums make few vocalizations.
Opossums make leaf nests in hollow logs, fallen trees, or abandoned burrows.
Opossums may have chances.
Opossums normally occupy a den site for only two or three consecutive nights.
Opossums obtain food.
Opossums occupy habitats.
Opossums only have a life span of approximately two years if they are lucky.
Opossums play dead for periods of several minutes to several hours at a time.
Opossums possess fur.
Opossums possess glands.
Opossums possess hair.
Opossums possess scent glands.
Opossums prefer food.
Opossums prefer low, damp, wooded streams and swamps.
Opossums prefer to eat overripe, rotting fruit that has fallen from trees.
Opossums prefer to eat the rotting fruit that have fallen to the ground.
Opossums prefer to sleep in dark, secluded places.
Opossums provide sport for night hunters and their hounds.
Opossums range in size from that equal to a large cat down to a small mouse.
Opossums readily use trails made by other wildlife or humans near creeks, ravines, and wetlands.
Opossums require a specialized formula.
Opossums require drink water.
Opossums require water.
Opossums search for food.
Opossums serve as nature's clean up crew.
Opossums tend to be fairly nomadic creatures.
Opossums use burrows.
Opossums use tails.
Opossums visit some feeding stations in the evening.
Opossums often kill tagasaste in the bush by constantly eating tender regrowth.
Opossums usually have two to three litters per year, with an average of seven young in each litter.
All opossums have long, tapered tails with a scaly appearance.
Many opossums suffer painful deaths from poisoning.
Most opossums adapt to environments.
Most opossums carry parasites.
Most opossums collect fruit.
Most opossums eat food.
Most opossums eat fruit.
Most opossums eat garbage.
Most opossums eat insects.
Most opossums eat pet food.
Most opossums escape natural predators.
Most opossums escape predators.
Most opossums give birth to mammals.
Most opossums has-part mouths.
Most opossums has-part tails.
Most opossums have brains.
Most opossums have ears.
Most opossums have eyes.
Most opossums have glands.
Most opossums have hairless ears.
Most opossums have heads.
Most opossums have lifespans.
Most opossums have long hairless tails, although some have tails which are prehensile.
Most opossums have many features.
Most opossums have many interest features.
Most opossums have mechanisms.
Most opossums have pouches.
Most opossums have ranges.
Most opossums have scent glands.
Most opossums have short lifespans.
Most opossums have teeth.
Most opossums have thumbs.
Most opossums have wide ranges.
Most opossums live in areas.
Most opossums live in pouches.
Most opossums live in underground dens.
Most opossums look like rats.
Most opossums obtain food.
Most opossums possess scent glands.
Most opossums require drink water.
Most opossums require water.
Most opossums taken by hunters are harvested by raccoon or fox hunters.
Some opossums are located on roads.
Some opossums are taken by hunters.
Some opossums avoid predators.
Some opossums carry babies.
Some opossums carry diseases.
Some opossums carry fleas.
Some opossums come from countries.
Some opossums consume such delicacies.
Some opossums create situations.
Some opossums create undesirable situations.
Some opossums cross roads.
Some opossums eat anything.
Some opossums eat pests.
Some opossums eat snacks.
Some opossums feed in trees.
Some opossums get breathe treatments.
Some opossums get rabies.
Some opossums get treatments.
Some opossums go into shocks.
Some opossums hang from tails.
Some opossums have capacity.
Some opossums have properties.
Some opossums have remarkable capacity.
Some opossums have syndromes.
Some opossums kill chickens.
Some opossums live in barns.
Some opossums live in lakes.
Some opossums live in South and Central American rainforests.
Some opossums live in trees.
Some opossums live in woodlands.
Some opossums occur along coasts.
Some opossums possess litter.
Some opossums provide care.
Some opossums provide little parental care.
Some opossums provide parental care.
Some opossums reside in areas.
Some opossums reside in forest areas.
Some opossums reside in remote areas.
Some opossums reside in remote forest areas.
Some opossums sit in trees.
Some opossums stand on roads.
Some opossums survive attacks.
All opperating systems have their flaws and their good points.
Oppl ring gives.
Opponent colors go well together.
Opponents of abortion believe it to be killing.
Opponents of abortion make a related point.
Opponent process theories explain phenomena.
An opponent is a contestant
Opponent expands the bit of RGo but that is pretty much irrelevant.
Opponent gets benefit of doubt .
Opponent gets benefit of doubt.
Opponent gets benefit of the doubt.
Opponent goes first.
Opponent hits face-first.
Opponent hitting protected number loses a dart.
Opponent incurs one stroke penalty and replace ball.
Opponent is perceived as lethal threat to one's own life or bodily integrity.
Opponent is represented by a nose.
Opponent isa individual.
Opponent isa person.
Opponent isa somebody.
Opponent isa someone.
Opponent neutralises own clock , starts player's clock.
Opponent plays a Queen.
Opponent selects one from two proposed moves.
Opponent stages second-half rally.
Opponent stops the penetration with an elbow block-snap combination.
Opponent then chooses first and third die.
Opponent then shoots and tries to score.
Opponent tosses free ball, down ball, or attacked ball into court.
Opponent tries to gain possession of ball.
Opponent wins game.
Opponents accuse the institutions of flouting the law.
Opponents acknowledge that California voters overwhelmingly approved gambling on Indian lands.
Opponents acknowledge they have major challenges of their own.
Opponents adjust, players graduate, injuries happen.
Opponents also argue against supporting private religious schools.
Opponents also argue that consumers don t understand the meanings of the test results.
Opponents also argue that peremptory challenges compromise the cross-sectional ideal.
Opponents also argue that sampling to lead to an even more inaccurate count.
Opponents also argue that the state already collects enough money from motorists via the gas tax.
Opponents also believe a neutral citation system has a number of inherent problems.
Opponents also charge that fluoridation is mass medication and a violation of civil rights.
Opponents also cite a lack of specific information on the reasons for the species decline.
Opponents also cite two hot cases in Europe, both challenges brought by the U.S. government.
Opponents also claim that irradiation produces by-products such as benzene and formaldehyde.
Opponents also contend that the psychological effects of genetic information can be very powerful.
Opponents also contend that the regulations are far too broad.
Opponents also decry the homes for their little to no stormwater run-off mitigation.
Opponents also express concern about the agenda of the far-right, which supports vouchers.
Opponents also express hope of persuading the incoming president to somehow nullify it.
Opponents also fear far-reaching side effects if the measure is enacted.
Opponents also insist that there are significant social issues to be considered.
Opponents also invoke policy arguments.
Opponents also join pressure groups in order to prevent the rice tariff from being passed.
Opponents also lose the rebounding battle by an average of five per game.
Opponents also protest the funding behind most of the initiative campaigns.
Opponents also question the degree of support for such an outcome.
Opponents also say it's bad policy to give public funding to private schools.
Opponents also say many minors who get abortions already bring a parent.
Opponents also say there is no room to house or add treatment programs.
Opponents also worry about the effects of commercialism and possible exploitation of students.
Opponents also worry about the impact on vo-tech students.
Opponents alternate in partnership play.
Opponents announce plans to fight the reinstituted checkoff.
Opponents appear likely to keep the upper hand.
Opponents appear on the screen by specially digitised photographs.
Opponents appear to have one major weapon left.
Opponents are adamant about enforcing a moral code through tax breaks and health insurance.
Opponents are aggressive without cheating.
Opponents are also skeptical that the standardized tests are written for a select group of elites.
Opponents are also worried about losing greenspace.
Opponents are as vocal in their condemnation of the movie as supporters are in their defense of it.
Opponents are autonomous software programs that control players in the simulation.
Opponents are clearly out of step with basic American values.
Opponents are concerned that the bill's language is particularly vague.
Opponents are everywhere.
Opponents Are Everywhere.
Opponents are fond of pointing out that marriage is about children.
Opponents are from suburban and private schools.
Opponents are green dots, while items are white dots on map.
Opponents are immediately on the back foot.
Opponents are jealous and have tunnel vision, they say.
Opponents are just as eager to do battle.
Opponents are less likely to retire to a bar at night and chuckle about the day's battles.
Opponents are likely to challenge the DNA sampling plans in court.
Opponents are likely to give accurate count if they think partner holds the ace in dummy's suit.
Opponents are more resolute in building up their nation's defenses.
Opponents are much in evidence.
Opponents are outraged and dismayed.
Opponents are people.
Opponents are quick to raise the specter of Three Mile Island or even Chernobyl.
Opponents are red-faced, veins bulging from their necks, and palpitating.
Opponents are to be determined.
Opponents are too intimidated to call, when holding quite decent cards.
Opponents are unmoved.
Opponents are welcome in the party.
Opponents argue biotechnology produces potentially harmful foods.
Opponents argue censure is either unconstitutional or a meaningless slap on the wrist.
Opponents argue it is an example of biotechnology pushing ahead too fast.
Opponents argue that all species of animals vary somewhat throughout their range.
Opponents argue that circumcision inflicts permanent physical and psychological damage.
Opponents argue that deterrence is a myth.
Opponents argue that faction is an inevitable and disastrous component of any popular government.
Opponents argue that gross receipts bear little relationship to profitability.
Opponents argue that it creates the potential for excessive tax increases by local officials.
Opponents argue that it is complex and difficult to learn.
Opponents argue that juries are at least as representative of the people as is the legislature.
Opponents argue that local governments receive more than enough state funding.
Opponents argue that medical marijuana is a step toward general legalization.
Opponents argue that more gun carrying reduces crime rather than increases it.
Opponents argue that only a minority actually do.
Opponents argue that paycheck protection provisions are unconstitutional.
Opponents argue that safeguards against corruption already are in place in all the cities involved.
Opponents argue that similar effects are likely with respect to direct investment.
Opponents argue that state support of religious schools violates the church-state separation.
Opponents argue that the bill is unfair to teen-agers.
Opponents argue that the dams are essential for navigation and hydropower generation.
Opponents argue that the lawsuit is their only alternative.
Opponents argue that the physician-lawmakers are striving to protect their turf.
Opponents argue that the plan violates constitutional and privacy rights.
Opponents argue that the proposition reduces local control.
Opponents argue that the sequence of events in the typical software purchase transaction is skewed.
Opponents argue that the Web is different.
Opponents argue that there are hidden agendae.
Opponents argue that there is no authority under state law to provide such assistance.
Opponents argue that they are widespread, intense and long-lasting.
Opponents argue that they require relaxation of traditional ethical and professional standards.
Opponents argue that they're a gamble with the public health and purse .
Opponents argue that unbearable pain and suffering result from medical mismanagement of pain.
Opponents argue that using such software is censorship.
Opponents argue that what is needed is vigorous prosecution under current law.
Opponents argue that's too much uncertainty.
Opponents argue the death penalty is discriminatory and minorities are persecuted.
Opponents argue the increase is too big.
Opponents argue the opposite.
Opponents argue the proposal is insulting to immigrants.
Opponents argue too much noise and traffic.
Opponents argue, however, that it is immoral and a legalized form of murder.
Opponents ask why so much financial support for Maine's referendum is coming from out of state.
Opponents assert that such claims are pseudo-scientific nonsense.
Opponents assert that the initiative is an attempt by the tribes to circumvent the law.
Opponents assert that the programs condone drug abuse.
Opponents attempt to hit the puck into the opposite goal.
Opponents become more and more experienced as the levels progress.
Opponents believe it's another step toward year-round sports.
Opponents believe it's folly.
Opponents believe primaries as they are currently organized usually give voters a clear choice.
Opponents believe regional differences in practice patterns necessitate state level regulation.
Opponents believe that heterosexual marriage is sacred.
Opponents believe that nuclear power poses many threats to people and the environment.
Opponents call for greater fiscal responsibility.
Opponents call it a nightmare.
Opponents call it an assault on the value of human life.
Opponents call it an unconstitutional government restriction on legal speech.
Opponents call it impossible.
Opponents call it partial-birth abortion.
Opponents call the bill an insult to women's intelligence.
Opponents call the movement unnecessary, and perhaps xenophobic.
Opponents can always wish.
Opponents can be human or computer generated players.
Opponents can be more resilient than anticipated.
Opponents can be respect ful, even helpful, as they challenge each other to succeed.
Opponents can essentially shorten the game, for a push at the end.
Opponents can just pick their poison, so to speak.
Opponents can make their points in the campaign.
Opponents can play hard, they can play tough, but they have to play clean.
Opponents can request another hearing on whether the initiative is constitutional.
Opponents can stifle productive discussion of proposals by premature public outcry.
Opponents change court ends after each game.
Opponents charge that the bill sponsors are seeking publicity for future runs at public office.
Opponents check the answer by using the calculator, rounding to the nearest cent.
Opponents cite a lower jobless rate and myriad other factors.
Opponents cite concerns about equity.
Opponents cite killer's age at time of crime, mental state.
Opponents cite problems with parking, stormwater runoff and compatibility.
Opponents cite studies suggesting fluoride causes such ailments as brittle bones and cancer.
Opponents cite that rigidity as a flaw in the measures.
Opponents cite the First Amendment, but the issue extends beyond even that.
Opponents cite various legal and policy grounds to bar their use.
Opponents claim all crimes are motivated by hate.
Opponents claim it amounts to abortion.
Opponents claim it is against the Constitution.
Opponents claim it's a toothless tiger.
Opponents claim reintroduction costs to taxpayers are unreasonably high.
Opponents claim such laws infringe free speech and the right to petition government for change.
Opponents claim that carrying weights while walking can cause injuries.
Opponents claim that deprived water users of longstanding access to the water.
Opponents claim that it's unfair competition.
Opponents claim that limiting campaign funding likewise limits free speech.
Opponents claim that raising the minimum wage causes job losses among the lowest paid workers.
Opponents claim that rezoning the dirt lots sets a city-wide precedent.
Opponents claim that the filters block their access to speech on the basis of the speech's content.
Opponents claim that the organization discriminates against atheists, homosexuals, and even women.
Opponents claim that the project is out of scale.
Opponents claim that there can never be enough treatment slots for all welfare recipients.
Opponents claim that time and money is being spent and wasted.
Opponents claim the ordinance is a thinly screened attack on legitimate gun owners.
Opponents claim the study was flawed, however.
Opponents claim there is no compromise as the bill is written.
Opponents claim there is no hard evidence of abuse.
Opponents claim they are defending the First Amendment right to free speech.
Opponents claim they are discriminatory and unfair to older employees.
Opponents claim throwing it out achieves the same thing.
Opponents commit simultaneous goal tending or basket interference violations.
Opponents commit simultaneous personal or technical fouls.
Opponents commonly fall within one of two main groups.
Opponents compete against each other in one battlefield.
Opponents complain that the law goes too far.
Opponents concede that no one has ever been harmed by genetically modified food.
Opponents consider the bill to be an attack upon the traditional family.
Opponents constantly battle for the ball, resulting in frequent fouls and stoppages of play.
Opponents contend it is a reminder of the state's racist past.
Opponents contend that it is harmful.
Opponents contend that owners of small businesses and farmers continue to be victimized.
Opponents contend that schools have too much to do in preparing young people for adult life.
Opponents contend that the initiative is the first step toward wider drug use.
Opponents contend that the measure is too intrusive.
Opponents contend that the provision is basically inaccurate and often unfair.
Opponents contend that the training provided for in the bill is inadequate.
Opponents contend the resolution contains incorrect findings.
Opponents contend there is no loophole and to claim so is deceptive.
Opponents continually use new methods to block change.
Opponents continue to call for an environmental impact statement.
Opponents continue to raise concerns that have been addressed and questions that have been answered.
Opponents counter that dire domestic problems require reductions in foreign aid.
Opponents counter that it is going to worsen congestion by encouraging sprawl and more driving.
Opponents counter that members already serve an average of only two terms, or eight years.
Opponents counter that the bill has a simpler, more insidious motivation.
Opponents counter that the measure is mean-spirited and discriminatory.
Opponents counter that vouchers siphon resources from the public school system.
Opponents criticize more regional governance for two reasons.
Opponents criticize such anti-hate measures on several grounds.
Opponents decry the three-wheeler's propensity to overturn.
Opponents decry the use of embryos for utilitarian purposes.
Opponents defend positions.
Opponents denounce the practice as a health risk and a violation of human rights.
Opponents deny children are fed a pro-gay agenda.
Opponents deny it.
Opponents deride the measure as infringing on local control of the school calendar.
Opponents disagree, saying the repeal is really a giveaway to the rich.
Opponents dispute that analysis.
Opponents do have a chance to speak too.
Opponents earn points with punches to the body or by landing kicks on the head or body.
Opponents emphasize difficulty.
Opponents express constitutional concerns.
Opponents fear a dictatorship.
Opponents fear an uncompromising opponent and thus make more mistakes.
Opponents fear being under the administration of former rebels.
Opponents fear noise as well as traffic, environmental damage and reduced property values.
Opponents feel differently.
Opponents feel that gambling is like a tax on the poor.
Opponents fight each effort fiercely.
Opponents further believe that increased choice leads only to increased administrative costs.
Opponents gain no flanking bonuses when attacking a tojanida.
Opponents get nervous because they're afraid of losing to a girl.
Opponents get overly aggressive instead of staying patient.
Opponents gradually become enemies.
Opponents have (part) arms.
Opponents have (part) body substances.
Opponents have (part) cell membranes.
Opponents have (part) cells.
Opponents have (part) corpi.
Opponents have (part) cytoplasm.
Opponents have (part) heads.
Opponents have (part) human bodies.
Opponents have (part) legs.
Opponents have (part) material bodies.
Opponents have (part) necks.
Opponents have (part) nuclei.
Opponents have (part) personality.
Opponents have (part) plasma membranes.
Opponents have (part) sections.
Opponents have (part) vacuoles.
Opponents have a far less optimistic view of the outcomes of educational choice.
Opponents have a nasty habit of upsetting the game plan.
Opponents have an even harder time defending it.
Opponents have hands.
Opponents have less faith in ultrasound results and their usefulness for improving outcomes.
Opponents have no respect for faceless nobodys.
Opponents have plenty of statements by U.S. authorities to guide their analyses.
Opponents have the right to view each other s record sheets.
Opponents have the right to view each other's record sheets.
Opponents have to make a choice who to guard.
Opponents have two major themes.
Opponents have weak hands.
Opponents hold out little hope of changing the mind of either.
Opponents hope to get a statewide vote on a ban.
Opponents hope to retain the regional system.
Opponents insist the upper house is an undemocratic anachronism - but are split on how to reform it.
Opponents interpret that shift with cynicism.
Opponents know the reality.
Opponents know what's coming, but stopping the inevitable is another story.
Opponents launch sophisticated sneak attacks on each other s websites.
Opponents lay side by side, in opposite directions, and interlock their inside arms.
Opponents learn fast, and good opponents learn really fast.
Opponents leave the campaign able to govern.
Opponents lend each other ankle braces and watch each other's kids on the sidelines.
Opponents love to face fighters who loose control of their shields.
Opponents maintain that is governmental recognition of a religion, violating the U.S. Constitution.
Opponents make fights.
Opponents make opposed rolls, attack vs. defense.
Opponents meet in a duel of sorts, and both are out for the same thing - the jackpot.
Opponents mingle and mix, reliving the tournament's highest moments.
Opponents note that only a third of California's lep students are in bilingual programs.
Opponents object to plans to sell sex videos and magazines.
Opponents obviously disagree, and senators can line up any way they want.
Opponents offering alternative strategies can then easily attract the support of a fickle public.
Opponents ought to back off.
Opponents plan to attack in every state.
Opponents plan to lodge an official appeal.
Opponents plan to try to stop the act in every state.
Opponents point out that weapons plutonium, designed to explode, has never been used as fuel.
Opponents point out to evidence that, partly as a result, union gains are on the rise.
Opponents point to California to justify their disdain for the process.
Opponents point to recent stock market volatility as a reason against such accounts.
Opponents point to recent stock market volatility as ammunition.
Opponents portray surrogacy as a form of baby selling.
Opponents proclaim, in the light of globalization, the end of the nation state.
Opponents propose a new dormitory style jail.
Opponents provide explanations.
Opponents provide guidance.
Opponents provide practical guidance.
Opponents provide the most important factor of a game, the competition.
Opponents question federal funding of the pre-school program.
Opponents question the effect of partial retirement on pension funding.
Opponents question the quality of care and oversight in decentralized homes.
Opponents question the safety of launching the extremely hazardous poison into space.
Opponents question the wisdom of sending a weathy senator into space.
Opponents question whether the number of riders justifies the cost and disruption.
Opponents question whether the state can afford to take on the debt.
Opponents range from timber interests to all-terrain vehicle owners.
Opponents refer to the procedure as partial-birth abortion.
Opponents refuse to accept the notion of historic injustice or group rights.
Opponents refuse to deal with Israel while there is no full peace.
Opponents reject the idea of voter dissatisfaction with the drug war.
Opponents remain hopeful that the project can be halted.
Opponents remain the best of mates, and a good time has been had by all.
Opponents reply that overpopulation is a global problem.
Opponents represent the area of the world in which the game originates.
Opponents resent the obvious appeal being made to women through the specialty plates.
Opponents reserve judgment Even the most traditional of opponents to regulation are standing back.
Opponents respond appropriately only about once every seven or eight messages typed.
Opponents respond that without a lead agency there can be no real accountability.
Opponents say a capital gains tax break is regressive since it benefits mostly the wealthy.
Opponents say a lottery is an unreliable, unstable way for the state to raise money.
Opponents say a name change is unnecessary and risky.
Opponents say abortion is morally wrong for all people.
Opponents say any benefits are massively outweighed by potential costs.
Opponents say both plans carry risks.
Opponents say charter schools rob dollars from existing public schools.
Opponents say copying is nothing more than stealing.
Opponents say dogs have no business using parks where children play.
Opponents say few schools notify parents they can seek such an exemption.
Opponents say fluoride is potentially toxic.
Opponents say getting the cells involves the taking of a human life, and that no end justifies it.
Opponents say grazing damages vegetation.
Opponents say guilty verdict was fair.
Opponents say hackers, viruses and potential vote fraud still pose serious threats.
Opponents say hunting causes suffering.
Opponents say it can be toxic.
Opponents say it drags English down.
Opponents say it gives developers the upper hand.
Opponents say it glorifies slavery and segregation.
Opponents say it is an ordinairy sect.
Opponents say it is biased and insufficient.
Opponents say it is cruel.
Opponents say it is demeaning and undignified.
Opponents say it is going to take a scientific miracle.
Opponents say it is improper to hold gun manufacturers responsible for crimes.
Opponents say it is needless and inhumane.
Opponents say it is too cumbersome and difficult to change the language.
Opponents say it is unconstitutional.
Opponents say it is unnatural and cruel, and can result in psychological damage to the cat.
Opponents say it just expands the bureaucracy of government.
Opponents say it leaves long-term psychological scars and can reduce sexual pleasure.
Opponents say it leaves long-term psychological scars and diminishes sexual pleasure.
Opponents say it marks a step back to Soviet-era repression.
Opponents say it poses long-term, unforeseeable health problems.
Opponents say it represents slavery and hatred.
Opponents say it represents too much government control and threatens personal privacy.
Opponents say it undermines tolerance and respect.
Opponents say it violates the free speech amendment.
Opponents say it's a bad idea for any woman, much less a teenager.
Opponents say it's a cover crop for growing marijuana.
Opponents say it's a thinly veiled assault on the basic principles of reproductive rights for women.
Opponents say it's a waste of money.
Opponents say it's an effort to legalize marijuana.
Opponents say it's an unconstitutional attack on free speech.
Opponents say it's an unwise approach to funding educational programs.
Opponents say it's contrived to appeal to emotions.
Opponents say it's something out of the Middle Ages.
Opponents say it's too little too late.
Opponents say it's too risky.
Opponents say it's unfair to use just one test to judge students' academic performance.
Opponents say jobs are at stake and disagree that the dogs are abused.
Opponents say judges are less political and thus fairer.
Opponents say more guns encourage more violence.
Opponents say other voucher programs have offered vouchers only to parents with low incomes.
Opponents say part of the reason is the narrower dimensions of the pitch.
Opponents say promoters have understated the environmental impacts.
Opponents say race has nothing to do with it.
Opponents say raising the visa cap amounts to giving away American jobs.
Opponents say removing the exemption violates first amendment rights to freedom of religion.
Opponents say residual pathogens in sewage sludge pose a threat to both people and the environment.
Opponents say restrictions place an undue burden on the First Amendment protection of free speech.
Opponents say rushing to approval gives a developer carte blanche.
Opponents say social promotion hurts kids and their community.
Opponents say such distribution leads to abuse.
Opponents say that a flat tax benefits only the rich.
Opponents say that cables prevent cooling since they are on the way of a fan.
Opponents say that community service is punitive.
Opponents say that dividing students along ethnic lines dooms any chance of lasting peace.
Opponents say that establishing an educational standard is pointless.
Opponents say that in most cases where casinos have been built the crime rate has risen.
Opponents say that is precisely the problem.
Opponents say that it's severely detrimental to the educational system.
Opponents say that more scientific evidence is necessary.
Opponents say that parental choice is illusory.
Opponents say that seat belts on large school buses are harmful to small children.
Opponents say that such programs promote drug use.
Opponents say that the bill threatens judicial independence.
Opponents say that the bills are unconstitutional.
Opponents say that the plan is voodoo economics redux.
Opponents say that the tax credits amount to corporate welfare.
Opponents say that using unique identifiers to collect data is inaccurate and too expensive.
Opponents say that's a tough distinction to make.
Opponents say that's because the four-time league scoring champion is so elusive.
Opponents say that's missing the point.
Opponents say that's the primary problem.
Opponents say that's unfair to districts that have been providing benefits.
Opponents say that's wishful thinking.
Opponents say the ads are misleading and ignore the impact of sometimes serious side-effects.
Opponents say the bill goes too far in removing personal privacy.
Opponents say the bill throws state school law out and disenfranchises parents.
Opponents say the bill treats women like victims and harms small businesses.
Opponents say the bill undermines centuries-old judicial rights.
Opponents say the biotech industry is handling allergy tests with a shaky hand.
Opponents say the city is being unrealistic.
Opponents say the city is running out of water.
Opponents say the collars' compound is a danger to pets, to ground water and to endangered species.
Opponents say the controversial law is frequently used to suppress political opposition groups.
Opponents say the drinks contribute to tooth decay and obesity.
Opponents say the employers want to flood the job market with workers to hold down wages.
Opponents say the grazing fees are still below the amount charged on private lands.
Opponents say the idea went out with the horse and buggy.
Opponents say the initiative amounts to discrimination and bigotry.
Opponents say the issue is taxation without representation, and local control over local schools.
Opponents say the law is so close to marriage that there is no practical difference.
Opponents say the law singles out groups for special protections.
Opponents say the measures go much further than necessary.
Opponents say the medical value of marijuana is anecdotal.
Opponents say the move is a veiled attack on groups that provide abortions.
Opponents say the noise disturbs fish behaviour, disrupts migration patterns and reduces catches.
Opponents say the old flag is a reminder of racism.
Opponents say the pact offers minimal rate cuts.
Opponents say the plan is an unnecessary bailout.
Opponents say the plan is flawed.
Opponents say the plant is too much of a risk.
Opponents say the price tag for the project is too high, and that it benefits too few people.
Opponents say the process is too difficult.
Opponents say the proposal is unnecessary and divisive.
Opponents say the proposition is loosely written and full of loopholes.
Opponents say the rapper advocates violence against women and gays.
Opponents say the research is tantamount to murder because the process destroys the embryos.
Opponents say the rising costs are too high.
Opponents say the rules are far too costly.
Opponents say the ruling flies in the face of common sense.
Opponents say the sale is another example of how valuable open space is being lost.
Opponents say the state needs to counteract anti-MCAS teacher union ads.
Opponents say the state relies enough already on gambling revenues.
Opponents say the state's rating is too valuable to risk on local districts.
Opponents say the subsidy is antiquated.
Opponents say the system's secrecy keeps the public from knowing what it can really do.
Opponents say the technology threatens an agricultural way of life that has existed for centuries.
Opponents say the tests are also costly, ineffective, and prone to abuse.
Opponents say the tests discourage pregnant drug users from seeking prenatal care.
Opponents say their best bet is the courts.
Opponents say their concerns stem from the plaza's proximity to their homes.
Opponents say there is no such condition, but the term can be used to hide past abuse.
Opponents say there was no bad faith.
Opponents say they are costly and time-consuming.
Opponents say they are harmful to small children.
Opponents say they can be coercive if search engines index only rated sites.
Opponents say they can write a better ordinance.
Opponents say they fear the United States and others want to make cuts only on paper.
Opponents say they find nothing in the U.S. Constitution that requires taxpayers to finance artists.
Opponents say they legitimize teen pregnancy.
Opponents say they're unattractive and they fear the health risks to people and animals.
Opponents say things are moving to fast and in the wrong direction.
Opponents say too little, too late.
Opponents say towers emit microwave radiation that poses health risks.
Opponents say vouchers drain support from public schools.
Opponents say vouchers siphon money from struggling public schools.
Opponents say, 'What is happening is great.
Opponents says it's an infringement of civil liberties.
Opponents see Daylight Savings Time as a plot to fluoridate the water under the cover of darkness.
Opponents see it as a bid to curb abortion rights.
Opponents see it as a means to thwart cruisers.
Opponents see it as a power grab, intended to further decay the democratic rule of the people.
Opponents see it as a reminder of slavery and hate.
Opponents see it as a symbol of hate and a reminder of slavery.
Opponents see it as a symbol of racism.
Opponents see it as an unconstitutional delegation of legislative authority to the executive branch.
Opponents seize on that same lack of details.
Opponents selects one from five proposed moves.
Opponents selects one of five proposed moves.
Opponents shake hands before and after a match instead of bowing.
Opponents simply focus on the negative.
Opponents simply start from different premises, and it is impossible to reconcile the differences.
Opponents sit at opposite ends of the game and drop metal marbles down chutes.
Opponents still believe it is an expensive project and an environmental threat.
Opponents still see it as being soft on crime.
Opponents struggle to stop one.
Opponents suggest activities.
Opponents suggest that aggression is the product of environment and learning.
Opponents take advantage.
Opponents take battle damage.
Opponents take damage.
Opponents take notice.
Opponents tend to emphasize weaknesses and threats.
Opponents tend to focus on the psychometrically inadequate basis of many projective tests.
Opponents try to cut one another's strings as they fly the kites high in the air.
Opponents try to filibuster.
Opponents use a calculator to check each operation.
Opponents use competing jurisdictions to their strategic advantage.
Opponents use results.
Opponents use separate boards and call the moves to each other.
Opponents view the elaborate court activities as indulgent.
Opponents view the new measurements as a serious blow to the planned repository.
Opponents view the system as penalizing teen drivers.
Opponents vow to appeal the decision.
Opponents vow to continue their fight, but their chances seem slim to none.
Opponents vow to kill it.
Opponents vow to press on.
Opponents vow to return as well.
Opponents vow vegetarianism.
Opponents warn of pandemonium in the courtrooms and in the insurance business.
Opponents warn that it violates core neutrality principles of humanitarian action.
Opponents weren t so lucky.
Opponents worry about increasing lawsuits and clogging courts, as well as revealing trade secrets.
Opponents worry about the effect of the training range on other uses like hiking and hunting.
Opponents worry about the line's possible impacts on the environment, health and property values.
Opponents worry that repeated amnesties set a precedent that increases illegal immigration.
Opponents worry that such a provision violates the constitutional separation of church and state.
Opponents worry that the law is a kind of censorship.
Opponents always pass.
Opponents always struggle against their indomitable spirit.
Opponents often cite the series' emphasis on wizardry and sorcery.
Opponents often claim that there is no research supporting school choice.
Opponents often confuse a voting system with a system of government.
Opponents often go away shaking their heads.
Opponents often point out that many low-income families have a significant payroll tax burden.
Opponents often strike in coordinated attacks and take damage realistically.
Opponents sometimes dismiss single-payer universal health care as socialized medicine.
Opponents usually couch their objections in terms of cost and technical difficulty.
All opponents are dangerous.
All opponents can offer is platitudes.
All opponents say the bill is a bad way to teach children responsible Internet use.
All opponents welcome.
Every opponent has a weaker side.
Every opponent has weak points.
Every opponent is different, in fact.
Every opponent is different.
Many opponents anticipate an easier time.
Many opponents argue that salary caps go against capitalism.
Many opponents cite political ideology and private gain as the leading factors.
Many opponents say cutting down on traffic and preserving open space are separate issues.
More opponents mean more of a chance of being beaten.
Most opponents emphasize difficulty.
Most opponents have hands.
Most opponents have weak hands.
Most opponents provide explanations.
Most opponents provide guidance.
Most opponents provide practical guidance.
Most opponents rely on six or seven guys.
Most opponents suggest activities.
Most opponents take advantage.
Most opponents take battle damage.
Most opponents take damage.
Most opponents use results.
Some opponents also question school district's methods in getting a bond passed.
Some opponents also say the rules are rooted in the politics of the previous administration.
Some opponents are slow to face reality.
Some opponents argue that it is immoral to carry out experiments on human embryonic cells.
Some opponents argue that the legislation invades the privacy of millions of pet owners.
Some opponents believe capital punishment is ineffective as a deterrent to criminal activity.
Some opponents believe the present system is unfair to candidates outside the two major parties.
Some opponents call the concept of choice radical.
Some opponents dismiss the eastern route.
Some opponents doubt the claim that strong, high-quality encryption is truly available abroad.
Some opponents even link spanking to escalating societal violence.
Some opponents have duties.
Some opponents have ethical concerns about the movement of genes outside natural processes.
Some opponents look at hands.
Some opponents lose life.
Some opponents point to the challenges of verifying such a treaty.
Some opponents say laws restricting campaign contributions violates the right of free speech.
Some opponents say that offering safe havens encourages abandonment and promiscuous sexual behavior.
Some opponents say that the bill is politically sympathetic to illegal immigrants.
Some opponents say the district is asking for too much money.
Some opponents say too few whales exist to allow more to be killed.
Some opponents sit in seats.
Some opponents suggest cutting an infant imprints violence on the baby's brain.
An opportunism is selfishness
Opportunism also plays a major part.
Opportunism is a dangerous thing, especially when it comes from both the left and right wing.
Opportunism is a two way affair.
Opportunism is characteristic of some of our current politicians.
Opportunism is the driving force.
Opportunism seems to have been read largely into necessity.
Opportunism takes many forms.
Opportunisms are selfishness.
An opportunist is a person
Opportunists are able to target a certain market by using the Internet.
Opportunists are films.
Opportunists are microorganisms that a. always cause disease.
Opportunists exist in every organization, and they are easy to identify during a tough situation.
Opportunists profit by brokering the life insurance policies of dying men.
Opportunists prowl the bus stops hawking furs, lighters, silver trinkets, gloves.
Opportunists saunter in through a door that was carelessly left open.
Opportunistic bacteria convert nitrate.
Opportunistic carnivores feed on live prey.
Opportunistic carnivores feed on prey.
Most opportunistic carnivores feed on live prey.
Most opportunistic carnivores feed on prey.
Opportunistic creatures belong to families.
Most opportunistic creatures belong to families.
Opportunistic crime occurs when security awareness and crime prevention fall by the wayside.
Opportunistic feeders are animals that eat whatever food is convenient at the time.
Some opportunistic feeders eat diets.
Some opportunistic feeders eat flowers.
Some opportunistic feeders eat fruit.
Some opportunistic feeders eat larvae.
Some opportunistic feeders eat meat.
Some opportunistic feeders eat octopi.
Some opportunistic feeders eat phytoplankton.
Some opportunistic feeders feed on animals.
Some opportunistic feeders feed on meat.
Opportunistic hunters capture prey.
Opportunistic hunters kill prey.
Most opportunistic hunters kill prey.
Some opportunistic hunters feed on insects.
Opportunistic hyalin hyphomycetes.
Opportunistic infection is diseases.
Opportunistic infection is infection
Opportunistic infection is infection.
Opportunistic infection occurs in patients.
Opportunistic infections are also an example of a complication.
Opportunistic infections are common, even after the chemo is stopped.
Opportunistic infections are common.
Opportunistic infections are in decline, to the joy and excitement of the entire community.
Opportunistic infections are usually airborne and are present everywhere.
Opportunistic infections are widespread infections by microorganisms that are usually controllable.
Opportunistic infections arise.
Opportunistic infections update.
Many opportunistic infections are now treatable.
Most opportunistic infection occurs in patients.
Most opportunistic infections result from the leukopenia.
Opportunistic mycosis can infect any tissues, however, they are usually systemic.
Opportunistic omnivores consume animals.
Opportunistic omnivores eat matter.
Most opportunistic omnivores eat matter.
Opportunistic pathogen causes diseases.
Most opportunistic pathogen causes diseases.
Some opportunistic pathogen causes infection.
Some opportunistic pathogen causes serious infection.
Some opportunistic pathogen causes systemic infection.
Some opportunistic pathogen causes threaten infection.
Some opportunistic pathogen causes vaginal infection.
Opportunistic politicians bargain over policy.
Opportunistic politicians make their appearances when they want to be elected.
Opportunistic politicians view government as an engine of plunder.
Opportunistic predators attack animals.
Opportunistic predators attack live animals.
Opportunistic predators eat animals.
Opportunistic predators eat small animals.
Opportunistic predators feed on rodents.
Opportunistic predators include birds.
Opportunistic predators use hunt techniques.
Opportunistic predators use techniques.
Most opportunistic predators attack live animals.
Most opportunistic predators eat animals.
Most opportunistic predators eat small animals.
Most opportunistic predators feed on rodents.
Most opportunistic predators use hunt techniques.
Most opportunistic predators use techniques.
Opportunistic species feed and adapt to many changes.
Opportunity cost defines how the trader manipulates working capital.
Opportunity cost depends on the alternatives and varies by situation.
Opportunity cost is a term the government uses when it spends too much money.
Opportunity cost is a term used by economists to account for the alternative uses of resources.
Opportunity cost is an economic term for paying too much for something.
Opportunity cost is cost
Opportunity cost is cost.
Opportunity cost is measured by the value of the next best alternative to the buyer.
Opportunity cost is one. go ahead.
Opportunity cost is subjective.
Opportunity cost is the a. cost incurred when one fails to take advantage of an opportunity.
Opportunity cost is the cost incurred when one fails to take advantage of an opportunity.
Opportunity cost is the cost of choosing one alternative over another.
Opportunity cost is the loss of our next best alternative when a choice is made.
Opportunity cost is the real choice.
Opportunity cost is the single most valuable opportunity give up when a choice is made.
Opportunity cost is the single most valuable opportunity given up when a choice is made.
Opportunity cost is the value of the best alternative given up to engage in an action.
Opportunity Cost is the value of the next best alternative that is given up.
Opportunity cost is the value of the next best alternative.
Opportunity cost is value of the best alternative given up when making a choice.
Opportunity cost is what matters.
Opportunity costs are a key element in the way economists look at the world.
Opportunity costs are real and significant.
Opportunity costs are simply the returns foregone from the next best use of that resource.
Opportunity costs are the benefits lost by choosing one alternative over others.
Opportunity costs are the highest valued alternatives forgone by a particular choice.
Opportunity costs are the opposite of tradeoffs.
Opportunity Costs Buy an off-line charting package and take the leap away from canned indicators.
Opportunity costs comprise direct and indirect costs.
Opportunity costs continue to rise as civilizations evolve.
Opportunity costs reflect charges for investment, labor and management.
Opportunity costs vary according to whose viewpoint is taken.
Opportunity costs vary by situation.
Some opportunity cost outweighs potential benefits.
Opportunity management is also powerful and without complexity.
Opportunities abound all over the globe.
Opportunities abound all year to learn from experts and launch a boat for a practice session.
Opportunities abound and newcomers are welcome.
Opportunities abound around the world.
Opportunities abound as never before.
Opportunities abound at a variety of levels.
Opportunities abound at each of our operations.
Opportunities abound at Indian Lake.
Opportunities abound at Lander.
Opportunities abound at the local, national and international levels.
Opportunities abound before our annual fund raiser.
Opportunities abound but are left unexplored.
Opportunities abound everywhere.
Opportunities abound for a change in U.S. priorities and policy.
Opportunities abound for alumni help.
Opportunities abound for anyone interested in helping.
Opportunities abound for anyone wishing to share in the music ministry.
Opportunities abound for apples and apple products in the foodservice market.
Opportunities abound for art, music, film, and theater aficionados.
Opportunities abound for attorneys to lend a helping hand.
Opportunities abound for auctions and reverse auctions.
Opportunities abound for backpacking, camping, rafting, prospecting, nature study and much more.
Opportunities abound for bicycling and hiking.
Opportunities abound for boating, golf, fishing, and much much more.
Opportunities abound for both engineers and technicians.
Opportunities abound for business, education, and employment.
Opportunities abound for children to become risk takers.
Opportunities abound for coaches to expand their skills and playbooks.
Opportunities abound for college students eager to stray from the spring-break party scenario.
Opportunities abound for community-based experiences in urban as well as rural locations.
Opportunities abound for cooperation, consideration, and responsible thinking.
Opportunities abound for cultural, educational and recreational activities.
Opportunities abound for employment and advancement through the ranks.
Opportunities abound for English majors to practice their craft.
Opportunities abound for enhancing outreach and education into the community.
Opportunities abound for enjoyment of and participation in music, film, art, dance, and theater.
Opportunities abound for enrichment travel with several overnight expeditions and camping trips.
Opportunities abound for entrepreneurs who can come up with a sound business plan.
Opportunities abound for exploring a variety of potential career paths.
Opportunities abound for exploring the wine world that way.
Opportunities abound for fellowship, ministry involvement, and group support.
Opportunities abound for forming local running groups, relay teams, volunteer teams, etc.
Opportunities abound for future employment.
Opportunities abound for getting involved.
Opportunities abound for graduates of the language and international trade program.
Opportunities abound for group dining at the end of educational and travel activities.
Opportunities abound for hiking, backpacking, fishing, hunting, nature study and climbing.
Opportunities abound for hiking, fishing, bird watching, or nature studies.
Opportunities abound for hiking, nature study, hunting, star-gazing and rockhounding.
Opportunities abound for history majors.
Opportunities abound for horseback riding, mountain biking, and hiking.
Opportunities abound for improving musical abilities in a comfortable college environment.
Opportunities abound for independent recreation and exercise in several major on-campus facilities.
Opportunities abound for individual growth.
Opportunities abound for individuals to make and manipulate puppets, write scripts and stage shows.
Opportunities abound for innovation.
Opportunities abound for integrators who know how to help others manage data.
Opportunities abound for internships with community-based design firms, museums, and galleries.
Opportunities abound for involvement from Michigan to Cambodia to South America.
Opportunities abound for involvement in the band program.
Opportunities abound for job advancement, new assignments or even working in a different country.
Opportunities abound for leadership development and professional growth experiences for students.
Opportunities abound for learning and creating.
Opportunities abound for learning, enhancing employability, and enriching life.
Opportunities abound for many skills and talents.
Opportunities abound for medical and physicians assistants.
Opportunities abound for men and women of all ages.
Opportunities abound for our graduates.
Opportunities abound for outdoor recreation, historical exploration or for just enjoying nature.
Opportunities abound for outdoor recreational opportunities for locals and visitors alike.
Opportunities abound for parents to help their children develop mastery.
Opportunities abound for parents to volunteer, both on campus and off.
Opportunities abound for participation on both a local and national level.
Opportunities abound for people of all ages, talents and interests.
Opportunities abound for people who are results-oriented, flexible and dedicated.
Opportunities abound for performers and artists alike.
Opportunities abound for politically connected seniors.
Opportunities abound for practicing nurses to maintain, improve, and expand their competencies.
Opportunities abound for professional growth and success.
Opportunities abound for professionals with the right skills.
Opportunities abound for public use.
Opportunities abound for redevelopment of commercial properties in prime locations.
Opportunities abound for research topics.
Opportunities abound for someone with high level training in mathematics.
Opportunities abound for sports enthusiasts.
Opportunities abound for students and faculty to gain international experience.
Opportunities abound for students from varied educational backgrounds and with diverse interests.
Opportunities abound for students majoring in the field to assist in research projects.
Opportunities abound for students to create and host their own shows.
Opportunities abound for students to make their mark.
Opportunities abound for students to reflect upon and articulate their learning experiences.
Opportunities abound for students to spend a semester or even a year study in another culture.
Opportunities abound for summer research experiences.
Opportunities abound for swimming, picnicking, and boating.
Opportunities abound for teaching kids that reading is a part of daily life.
Opportunities abound for the artist and audience.
Opportunities abound for the baccalaureate nursing graduate in a vast array of health care settings.
Opportunities abound for the chiropractor who can educate patients effectively.
Opportunities abound for the church to validate what it says by what it does.
Opportunities abound for the efficient transfer of information using the power of the Internet.
Opportunities abound for the exchange of ideas, information, and scholarship.
Opportunities abound for the flyfisherman in valley ponds and in an alpine lake as in the photo.
Opportunities abound for the gospel and for the church.
Opportunities abound for the growth of other family members as well as the growth of the resident.
Opportunities abound for the imaginative.
Opportunities abound for the nature lover or the sportsman.
Opportunities abound for the outdoor enthusiast.
Opportunities abound for the person who is ambitious.
Opportunities abound for the photographer to capture wildlife, fauna, and spectacular scenery.
Opportunities abound for the photography enthusiast and artist.
Opportunities abound for the Revolution to fail.
Opportunities abound for traveling and volunteering, as well as learning computer technology.
Opportunities abound for undergraduates to explore virtually any area of research they can image.
Opportunities abound for undergraduates to explore virtually any area of research they can imagine.
Opportunities abound for unwitting parties to be harmed by seemingly innocuous arbitration clauses.
Opportunities abound for volunteerism, especially for the fundraiser.
Opportunities abound for volunteers and parent involvement.
Opportunities abound for windsurfing, paragliding and swimming .
Opportunities abound for women who desire to serve the church.
Opportunities abound for working on legato phrasing.
Opportunities abound for writers, artists, photographers, production assistants, and ad salesmen.
Opportunities abound in a booming economy with a very low unemployment rate.
Opportunities abound in all areas of the arts.
Opportunities abound in both public and private schools.
Opportunities abound in communications, residential, commercial and industrial settings.
Opportunities abound in every sector.
Opportunities abound in graphic communications.
Opportunities abound in many areas of life.
Opportunities abound in many areas.
Opportunities abound in many diverse settings.
Opportunities abound in most industries today.
Opportunities abound in most of Africa and other areas.
Opportunities abound in Murray County for retail business and new industry.
Opportunities abound in numerous arenas.
Opportunities abound in research projects and summer jobs.
Opportunities abound in the area for exciting new growth and development.
Opportunities abound in the area of international technical communication.
Opportunities abound in the center for intergenerational activities.
Opportunities abound in the field of counseling.
Opportunities abound in the fields of youth ministries.
Opportunities abound in the fire service.
Opportunities abound in the Internet sector for both long and short traders.
Opportunities abound in the Kern Valley.
Opportunities abound in the massage field.
Opportunities abound in the rapidly growing long term care field.
Opportunities abound in the rapidly growing long-term care field.
Opportunities abound in the traditional tourism related areas and in novel exciting fields.
Opportunities abound in the travel industry.
Opportunities abound in the Valley of the Sun for cultural enjoyment.
Opportunities abound in the workplace to use humor positively.
Opportunities abound off-campus as well.
Opportunities abound outside the classroom for social work majors to use their talents.
Opportunities abound to act with heart.
Opportunities abound to address a host of issues, from asthma to accessibility.
Opportunities abound to address both techniques and hypothesis oriented research questions.
Opportunities abound to build relationships with legislators.
Opportunities abound to care for clients of all ages in a variety of community settings.
Opportunities abound to experience the culture of the area.
Opportunities abound to experience their traditional dress, exciting music and arts and crafts.
Opportunities abound to help develop ministries of hope and healing to a complex and hurting world.
Opportunities abound to hike, backpack, climb volcanoes, and bicycle.
Opportunities abound to live in the many country club communities around Naples.
Opportunities abound to make a difference in someone's life and gain meaningful personal growth.
Opportunities abound to make it big in the mail order informational business.
Opportunities abound to manipulate perception in cyberspace.
Opportunities abound to meet, greet and seat attendees at some fabulous shows.
Opportunities abound to reach the unchurched.
Opportunities abound to reminisce and learn.
Opportunities abound to serve in many of the local churches in the surrounding areas.
Opportunities abound to share personal experiences and encourage others in their daily life.
Opportunities abound to spruce up the yard.
Opportunities abound to view whales, sea lions, dolphins, eagles and countless sea birds.
Opportunities abound to work on private as well as public lands.
Opportunities abound too for cross-border coordination in tourism and environmental protection.
Opportunities abound when it comes to satisfying the housing needs in our county and the world.
Opportunities abound when one sees the world as one s classroom.
Opportunities abound when one sees the world as one's classroom.
Opportunities abound with exceptionally mild temperatures year round.
Opportunities abound worldwide, from South America to Europe to Asia.
Opportunities abound, but in different places and under different guises.
Opportunities abound, but palatable choices are much harder to find.
Opportunities abound, but the consensus that existed in the past about higher education is frayed.
Opportunities abound, doors are open.
Opportunities abound, especially as regional economies begin to improve.
Opportunities abound, particularly for people with scientific or technical backgrounds.
Opportunities abound, ranging from swift and rugged freestone rivers to glassy spring creeks.
Opportunities abroad seem much more appealing, and certain contacts have already been made.
Opportunities afor research on New Jersey and Philadelphia.
Opportunities allow for presentation in class lectures and seminars.
Opportunities also abound for students.
Opportunities also abound in all aspects of our changing national demography.
Opportunities also abound in network and cable television.
Opportunities also abound in the mobile frozen yogurt area.
Opportunities also are available for students to participate in research programs.
Opportunities also are available for supervising teaching practice.
Opportunities also arise with provincial governments and in the private sector.
Opportunities also exist as consultants.
Opportunities also exist at other colleges and universities both at home and abroad.
Opportunities also exist beyond the classroom in administrative, business and government careers.
Opportunities also exist for acquiring and extending computational skills.
Opportunities also exist for basic science research and collaboration with other departments.
Opportunities also exist for biology majors in business.
Opportunities also exist for building foundation and structural systems design.
Opportunities also exist for businesses and individuals to advertise in it.
Opportunities also exist for clinical research within a variety of pediatric subspecialities.
Opportunities also exist for collaborative activities with active investigators.
Opportunities also exist for companies to be listed on the respective databases.
Opportunities also exist for completely unrelated but innovative projects.
Opportunities also exist for cooperative study with scientists in closely related fields.
Opportunities also exist for dancers and musicians who are available for day-time work in schools.
Opportunities also exist for developing novel proximal probe techniques to study nanostructures.
Opportunities also exist for doctors and nurses interested in serving in uniform.
Opportunities also exist for either self-directed or collaborative research projects.
Opportunities also exist for entrepreneurs in the areas of service and consulting.
Opportunities also exist for European storage networking research, please inquire.
Opportunities also exist for European white box research, please inquire.
Opportunities also exist for evangelism and discipleship.
Opportunities also exist for exceptional undergraduate and high school students.
Opportunities also exist for fellows to become involved in ongoing faculty research projects.
Opportunities also exist for food quality soybeans.
Opportunities also exist for further language study during the course of the academic semester.
Opportunities also exist for further study with overload.
Opportunities also exist for further study.
Opportunities also exist for graduate students to teach part time.
Opportunities also exist for graduates to work as audio technicians in production houses.
Opportunities also exist for graduates wishing to freelance or start their own production companies.
Opportunities also exist for hardwood lumber and components for furniture and flooring.
Opportunities also exist for hosting Japanese students for the school year.
Opportunities also exist for in-depth study in educational technologies and management practices.
Opportunities also exist for individuals interested in sales.
Opportunities also exist for industrial co-op experiences.
Opportunities also exist for intermittent assignments of one week to several months.
Opportunities also exist for international distributors.
Opportunities also exist for interstate or international secondments.
Opportunities also exist for involvement in field programs.
Opportunities also exist for law school graduates with an undergraduate major in accounting.
Opportunities also exist for library, cafeteria, clerical, and classroom volunteers.
Opportunities also exist for longer-term studies.
Opportunities also exist for more junior part qualified actuaries.
Opportunities also exist for office and clerical work, speaker's bureau, and committee membership.
Opportunities also exist for outreach activities.
Opportunities also exist for participation in specialized techniques and experiments.
Opportunities also exist for participation in the university s graduate program in criminal justice.
Opportunities also exist for part-time employment both on and off campus.
Opportunities also exist for positions in child development and care for the aged.
Opportunities also exist for postgraduate study in Anthropology and related fields.
Opportunities also exist for postgraduate study.
Opportunities also exist for preparation in broadcast meteorology.
Opportunities also exist for professional and educational development.
Opportunities also exist for pupillage while someone else does the mediating.
Opportunities also exist for reaching English in several countries.
Opportunities also exist for repetiteur work and orchestral keyboard experience.
Opportunities also exist for research assistantships and internships throughout the country.
Opportunities also exist for 'Research' at doctoral and masters level.
Opportunities also exist for responsible positions within the ancillary trades.
Opportunities also exist for self-employed computer consultants.
Opportunities also exist for self-employed consultants.
Opportunities also exist for solo or small groups.
Opportunities also exist for solo recitals and informal collaboration.
Opportunities also exist for students in nursing, pharmacy, and other allied health professions.
Opportunities also exist for students in the sciences and social sciences.
Opportunities also exist for students to design both studio and main stage productions.
Opportunities also exist for students to gain credit by examination.
Opportunities also exist for students to have various work site experiences.
Opportunities also exist for study at the doctoral level.
Opportunities also exist for supervising graduate students.
Opportunities also exist for the culture of oysters, mussels, algae and pearls.
Opportunities also exist for the graduate in technical sales.
Opportunities also exist for the promotion of the valley through advertising along state highways.
Opportunities also exist for the transfer and post-baccalaureate student.
Opportunities also exist for training in the departmental water quality laboratory.
Opportunities also exist for yearlong placements.
Opportunities also exist in banking, health services and local and state government.
Opportunities also exist in China and the middle east.
Opportunities also exist in clean technology for new industries.
Opportunities also exist in commerce, industry and governmental departments.
Opportunities also exist in community based organizations.
Opportunities also exist in community-based corrections programs and other intermediate sanctions.
Opportunities also exist in composing, arranging, sound engineering, promotion, teaching or retail.
Opportunities also exist in conservation, media, medicine, business and much more.
Opportunities also exist in control, operations, publicity, and personnel.
Opportunities also exist in education and with government agencies.
Opportunities also exist in Europe.
Opportunities also exist in foreign companies that have subsidiaries in the United States.
Opportunities also exist in government employment as well as in business.
Opportunities also exist in government, transportation, military, and disaster management.
Opportunities also exist in governmental agencies.
Opportunities also exist in international organizations and non-profit agencies.
Opportunities also exist in Malaysia, which reports to the UK office.
Opportunities also exist in management, education, sleep labs, research, sales and public health.
Opportunities also exist in medical and health related sciences and social sciences.
Opportunities also exist in more traditional areas of marketing and internet design.
Opportunities also exist in more traditional areas of marketing and Internet design.
Opportunities also exist in Nashville's strong distribution and warehousing industry.
Opportunities also exist in non-auditioned ensembles.
Opportunities also exist in other animal-related industries.
Opportunities also exist in other state and federal departments and in the non-government sector.
Opportunities also exist in private duty, education and industry.
Opportunities also exist in related fields, such as public relations and information services.
Opportunities also exist in research and development in aquaculture and fisheries management.
Opportunities also exist in research and education.
Opportunities also exist in research, policy analysis and law reform within the government sector.
Opportunities also exist in software design and testing, networking and intranet data presentation.
Opportunities also exist in the area of public parks and recreation departments.
Opportunities also exist in the areas of video and computer imaging.
Opportunities also exist in the classroom for tutoring, editing, reading and special projects.
Opportunities also exist in the field for health physics technicians.
Opportunities also exist in the fields of engineering, health, agriculture, and natural science.
Opportunities also exist in the refurbished mining equipment sector.
Opportunities also exist in the sales and custom application of farm chemicals and fertilizers.
Opportunities also exist in the sales of electronic components and equipment.
Opportunities also exist in the support areas, including marketing, promotion, and development.
Opportunities also exist in zoos, wildlife parks, and museums as educators.
Opportunities also exist on a more formal basis for co-op assignments or summer internships.
Opportunities also exist that link the environment with social and economic objectives.
Opportunities also exist to be involved in building councils and floor governments.
Opportunities also exist to collaborate with cognitive neuroimaging scientists.
Opportunities also exist to conduct briefings at tour stops.
Opportunities also exist to develop independent study courses with individual faculty member.
Opportunities also exist to exhibit at the meeting or sponsor events.
Opportunities also exist to facilitate children's groups and help in the office.
Opportunities also exist to gain research experience in the laboratories of ecology program faculty.
Opportunities also exist to join other mixing related project teams.
Opportunities also exist to learn another language.
Opportunities also exist to participate in prospective studies.
Opportunities also exist to publicize internship announcements and recruit promising young grads.
Opportunities also exist to share information and learn from other successful business leaders.
Opportunities also exist to start new organizations.
Opportunities also exist to study protein toxins, including ricin.
Opportunities also exist to study viruses which require high levels of biocontainment.
Opportunities also exist to supply the high-end restaurants and hotels.
Opportunities also exist to support publishing materials and producing audiotapes.
Opportunities also exist to teach additional courses in areas of specialization.
Opportunities also exist to travel to other countries and to participate in archaeological digs.
Opportunities also exist to use technology to improve student services.
Opportunities also exist to view various wildlife species and abundant plant life.
Opportunities also exist to work within and help expand the company's domestic health portfolio.
Opportunities also exist with publications departments of government and industry.
Opportunities also exist with the state offices of U.S. senators and representatives.
Opportunities also exist within the allied trades.
Opportunities also exist.
Opportunities also exists to study overseas for one or two semesters.
Opportunities also go beyond entry level.
Opportunities also occur to act as a professional consultant.
Opportunities appear and disappear at the speed of light.
Opportunities appear and vanish all the time.
Opportunities appear and vanish at an accelerating pace.
Opportunities appear better in China than in America or at home.
Opportunities appear in the order of starting date but some are active for many months.
Opportunities appear to exist in at least two areas.
Opportunities appear where fragmentation exists and user interaction can occur.
Opportunities Apply online.
Opportunities are abound throughout the world for young people interested in cell biology.
Opportunities are absolutely better today.
Opportunities are abundant for firms who can offer equipment, know-how or investment.
Opportunities are abundant in our markets.
Opportunities are abundant, and one can give as little or as much time as is available.
Opportunities are abundant.
Opportunities are all around.
Opportunities are almost unlimited and are predicted to remain that way.
Opportunities are also available as public affairs officers and political consultants.
Opportunities are also available at other company offices.
Opportunities are also available at other universities.
Opportunities are also available during the summer.
Opportunities are also available for an apprentice coach and apprentice director.
Opportunities are also available for any small entrepreneur.
Opportunities are also available for assignments in out Mason City, Iowa office if so desired.
Opportunities are also available for clerical, art work, distributing fliers.
Opportunities are also available for golf scramble sponsorships and prize donations.
Opportunities are also available for handicapped and homebound persons.
Opportunities are also available for hungry individuals seeking an opportunity to work for food.
Opportunities are also available for intramural patient care.
Opportunities are also available for managerial positions.
Opportunities are also available for participation in deliveries and home visits.
Opportunities are also available for postdoctoral fellowships.
Opportunities are also available for postgraduate study in transport and logistics.
Opportunities are also available for post-master's study.
Opportunities are also available for pursuing a nonclinical program at the master's level.
Opportunities are also available for researchers on sabaticals or fellowships.
Opportunities are also available for special designated gifts to enhance certain needs and programs.
Opportunities are also available for special research projects.
Opportunities are also available for students through the popular intramurals program.
Opportunities are also available for students to develop individualized programs of study.
Opportunities are also available for students who prefer a slower pace.
Opportunities are also available for study abroad at several Israeli universities.
Opportunities are also available for teaching in French lyc es.
Opportunities are also available for training in immunopathology, forensic science and informatics.
Opportunities are also available fore children with special needs.
Opportunities are also available in advocacy, education and public relations.
Opportunities are also available in areas such as the arts and the environment.
Opportunities are also available in business, agri-business, and the environment.
Opportunities are also available in centers outside of London.
Opportunities are also available in commercial lending and security analysis.
Opportunities are also available in Cuba, India, West Africa and Peru.
Opportunities are also available in less populous areas.
Opportunities are also available in MMCS for pay or academic credit.
Opportunities are also available in other programs.
Opportunities are also available in public industries that are about to be privatized.
Opportunities are also available in research.
Opportunities are also available in sales, government, agricultural extension, and other agencies.
Opportunities are also available in smaller ensembles of brass, strings, woodwinds, and jazz band.
Opportunities are also available in the dental claims department of insurance companies.
Opportunities are also available in the private sector.
Opportunities are also available in the support areas of food and equipment sales.
Opportunities are also available in various medical and administrative careers.
Opportunities are also available in waste water treatment, electroplating and die and tool.
Opportunities are also available through community service and compassionate ministries.
Opportunities are also available through traveling physical therapy services.
Opportunities are also available to live in a regular student flat among Dutch students.
Opportunities are also available to serve on the chapter's executive committee.
Opportunities are also available to study French and German abroad.
Opportunities are also available to work on special events or fundraising.
Opportunities are also available with architectural and engineering firms.
Opportunities are also available with government agencies and manufacturers.
Opportunities are also increasingly available to acquire experience with digital imaging systems.
Opportunities are always available.
Opportunities are always open for someone wanting to organize an event, activity, or study.
Opportunities are always there for the bright, strongly motivated individual.
Opportunities are always there in any organisation which is growing.
Opportunities are always there.
Opportunities are aplenty in architects firms or in consultancy companies.
Opportunities are aplenty in government service.
Opportunities are as diverse as the volunteers themselves.
Opportunities are as varied as each individual, and continue to evolve as our needs change.
Opportunities are as varied as volunteers themselves.
Opportunities are available a few times a year, usually in the evenings.
Opportunities are available across the country.
Opportunities are available all over the world.
Opportunities are available also through joint-ventures with Israeli technological companies.
Opportunities are available at a variety of levels.
Opportunities are available at institutions which provide health services.
Opportunities are available at many levels.
Opportunities are available at our corporate head quarters or at our key client sites.
Opportunities are available at our corporate office as well.
Opportunities are available at our Far East and Middle East locations.
Opportunities are available at recreation centers, swimming pools and administrative offices.
Opportunities are available at the Corporate and branch levels.
Opportunities are available daily to make a difference in the life of a child.
Opportunities are available day and evening, seven days a week.
Opportunities are available during summer, fall, or spring semesters.
Opportunities are available during the academic year and summers.
Opportunities are available for a few students each year to secure internships in a legal setting.
Opportunities are available for actors, writers and directors.
Opportunities are available for all ages, during day and evening shifts in various departments.
Opportunities are available for all majors.
Opportunities are available for all students regardless of experience or education.
Opportunities are available for all students, regardless of athletic ability or experience.
Opportunities are available for artists, crafters, and freelancers.
Opportunities are available for band, orchestra, jazz studies, drum major, etc.
Opportunities are available for beginners and experienced drivers alike.
Opportunities are available for biophysicists, engineers, and biochemists.
Opportunities are available for both adults and teens.
Opportunities are available for both basic and clinical research.
Opportunities are available for both clinical and basic research.
Opportunities are available for both development and basic reasearch projects.
Opportunities are available for both English and French speaking youth.
Opportunities are available for both foot and stock travel.
Opportunities are available for both senior and non-senior Volunteers.
Opportunities are available for both summer and full-time employment.
Opportunities are available for both the day and evening programs.
Opportunities are available for Christian fellowship and growth.
Opportunities are available for church groups to participate in other ways.
Opportunities are available for clinical research in acute, chronic and cancer pain.
Opportunities are available for coders, since it is such a unique skill.
Opportunities are available for college and university faculty.
Opportunities are available for college students, graduates and professionals.
Opportunities are available for combining residencies.
Opportunities are available for composition and analysis.
Opportunities are available for continued development through clinical courses or higher degrees.
Opportunities are available for course work in adult development and aging.
Opportunities are available for coursework in adult development and aging.
Opportunities are available for credit or through the community education program.
Opportunities are available for customized listings and advertising.
Opportunities are available for customized tutorials for advanced Italian language students.
Opportunities are available for degeed, non-degreed, and law professionals.
Opportunities are available for degreed, non-degreed, and law professionals.
Opportunities are available for doing basic research in cell physiology and biochemistry.
Opportunities are available for drill writing, music arranging, show planning and instruction.
Opportunities are available for dual degrees on both undergraduate and graduate levels.
Opportunities are available for experience in a research, production, or environmental laboratory.
Opportunities are available for extensive study in music and art.
Opportunities are available for extra credit.
Opportunities are available for faculty-sponsored research,internships and directed studies.
Opportunities are available for families or teens.
Opportunities are available for fieldwork, laboratory work, and archival research.
Opportunities are available for first, second, and third shifts.
Opportunities are available for further paid teaching.
Opportunities are available for groups as small as one to three, or larger groups.
Opportunities are available for independent study and research.
Opportunities are available for independent study, off-campus study and study abroad.
Opportunities are available for individual projects.
Opportunities are available for individually designed programs of study and research.
Opportunities are available for individuals as well as families with young children.
Opportunities are available for internships and field placement experiences.
Opportunities are available for internships and for conducting research projects.
Opportunities are available for internships, off-campus field work and study abroad.
Opportunities are available for keyboard and voice students to work in area churches.
Opportunities are available for laboratory experiences, field experiences, and independent research.
Opportunities are available for laboratory studies of strabismic monkeys.
Opportunities are available for licensed agents and registered representatives.
Opportunities are available for local, state and national recognition through program awards.
Opportunities are available for men and women from both rural and urban backgrounds.
Opportunities are available for men's, women's and coed teams in many sports.
Opportunities are available for men's, women's and co-ed teams.
Opportunities are available for most academic majors.
Opportunities are available for most health care professionals.
Opportunities are available for motivated students to work in alternative locations.
Opportunities are available for non-Baptist students, too.
Opportunities are available for on-campus recruiting throughout the year.
Opportunities are available for our newsletter and educational programs.
Opportunities are available for parents to become involved in education and parent body activities.
Opportunities are available for participating in research projects.
Opportunities are available for participation in the sports listed below.
Opportunities are available for performing in various primary and secondary ensembles.
Opportunities are available for practical work experience with a wide range of employers.
Opportunities are available for presidents and general managers of their e-commerce businesses.
Opportunities are available for professional growth and interaction with industry and government.
Opportunities are available for progression through the program on a part-time basis.
Opportunities are available for research in the summer and during the academic year.
Opportunities are available for seniors to student teach in England.
Opportunities are available for soil scientists in both the private and public sectors.
Opportunities are available for specialization in ecology, chemistry, geology, or geography.
Opportunities are available for strong training in quantitative methods and computer technology.
Opportunities are available for students at varied levels.
Opportunities are available for students of all levels, and with any language background.
Opportunities are available for students of all majors.
Opportunities are available for students to participate in the research of center faculty.
Opportunities are available for students to specialize on placement according to their career plans.
Opportunities are available for students with imagination, creativity and a willingness to work.
Opportunities are available for students, recent college graduates, and established professionals.
Opportunities are available for study in either another language or in English.
Opportunities are available for such growth.
Opportunities are available for supervised research, teaching, and field experience.
Opportunities are available for teaching and advising graduate students.
Opportunities are available for teaching and graduate student supervision.
Opportunities are available for technology development through industrial partnerships programs .
Opportunities are available for the academic year, semester, or summer.
Opportunities are available for the development of the inner self.
Opportunities are available for the gifted and talented as well as students with disabilities.
Opportunities are available for undergraduate students to participate in faculty research projects.
Opportunities are available for unscheduled sessions to meet the client's needs.
Opportunities are available for women and veterans.
Opportunities are available for writing passages and the accompanying test items.
Opportunities are available for younger volunteers, too.
Opportunities are available from several academic departments.
Opportunities are available here .
Opportunities are available in a variety of areas throughout the resort.
Opportunities are available in a variety of settings and assignments.
Opportunities are available in a wide range of fields - so all majors are encouraged to apply.
Opportunities are available in all areas from entry-level marketing to management.
Opportunities are available in all areas of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery.
Opportunities are available in all our sites across North America.
Opportunities are available in all parts of the country.
Opportunities are available in all teaching fields.
Opportunities are available in archives, museums, historical parks, and historic preservation.
Opportunities are available in areas such as child care, care for the elderly, and hospital visits.
Opportunities are available in art, business, trade, industrial, and service occupations.
Opportunities are available in banking, retail and manufacturing.
Opportunities are available in both campus and hospital - based settings.
Opportunities are available in both campus and hospital-based settings.
Opportunities are available in both clinical and laboratory arenas.
Opportunities are available in both individual and group settings.
Opportunities are available in both non-governmental organizations and governmental agencies.
Opportunities are available in both the civil service and commissioned corps personnel system.
Opportunities are available in both the public and private sectors.
Opportunities are available in business development and marketing.
Opportunities are available in business, industry, governmental, and educational settings.
Opportunities are available in chemistry, as well as other sciences.
Opportunities are available in consulting, government, agencies, and universities.
Opportunities are available in diverse geographic locations.
Opportunities are available in editorial, production, advertising and marketing.
Opportunities are available in either the museum or archives.
Opportunities are available in Family Practice and Urgent Care.
Opportunities are available in France, China, Germany and Mexico.
Opportunities are available in Latin America and Europe.
Opportunities are available in Little Rock, Arkansas, and Memphis, Tennessee.
Opportunities are available in management and administration in radiology departments.
Opportunities are available in many nations.
Opportunities are available in mathematics, computer science and engineering.
Opportunities are available in medical sales.
Opportunities are available in most large towns and cities throughout the country.
Opportunities are available in most major cities.
Opportunities are available in most towns, cities, and outlying areas.
Opportunities are available in most towns.
Opportunities are available in nearly all departments.
Opportunities are available in nearly every country in the world.
Opportunities are available in nearly every discipline and specialization.
Opportunities are available in New York City, Washington DC, Chicago, Boston, and Boulder .
Opportunities are available in numerous fields where data is mapped and interpreted.
Opportunities are available in other fields which are open to general application.
Opportunities are available in our adult sanctuary choir, worship team, and praise band.
Opportunities are available in our Boston, Chicago and Washington, D.C. offices.
Opportunities are available in practically every discipline and specialization.
Opportunities are available in pratically every discipline and specialization.
Opportunities are available in print media, television, radio and the net.
Opportunities are available in private practice and employment settings across eastern Wisconsin.
Opportunities are available in private, public and non-profit settings.
Opportunities are available in related clinical and basic research subjects.
Opportunities are available in research, clinical medicine, and in pre-medical preparation.
Opportunities are available in several areas in Ecuador.
Opportunities are available in several departments.
Opportunities are available in several on-going studies of alcohol treatment outcome.
Opportunities are available in several undergraduate, graduate and medical school courses.
Opportunities are available in the evenings or during the summer.
Opportunities are available in the greater Seattle area and throughout Western Washington.
Opportunities are available in the office or at the stables.
Opportunities are available in the small community or the large metropolis.
Opportunities are available in the U.S. and international locations.
Opportunities are available in their legal department with housing discrimination investigations.
Opportunities are available in towns and cities, less so in rural areas.
Opportunities are available in trading, research, analysis, marketing and administrative support.
Opportunities are available in various software, firmware and hardware areas.
Opportunities are available in virtually all academic schools.
Opportunities are available involving greater responsibility, leadership, and special interests.
Opportunities are available locally, nationally, and internationally.
Opportunities are available locally, or at residential centres.
Opportunities are available nationwide.
Opportunities are available now.
Opportunities are available on all major research projects.
Opportunities are available on both the sites.
Opportunities are available only on a space-available basis.
Opportunities are available outside the classroom.
Opportunities are available overseas and at other North American sites.
Opportunities are available seven day a week, with flexible hours.
Opportunities are available seven days a week at a variety of times.
Opportunities are available seven days a week with flexible hours.
Opportunities are available seven days a week, including evenings.
Opportunities are available seven days a week.
Opportunities are available seven days per week.
Opportunities are available summer, fall, or spring, depending upon the individual's availability.
Opportunities are available ten weeks in the fall and ten weeks in the spring.
Opportunities are available through summer work and cooperative education programs.
Opportunities are available throughout New York State.
Opportunities are available throughout the country and throughout the world.
Opportunities are available throughout the country.
Opportunities are available throughout the firm in essentially every department.
Opportunities are available throughout the UK within manufacturing and supply departments.
Opportunities are available throughout the year.
Opportunities are available to all students of any field.
Opportunities are available to apply knowledge and skills in a business.
Opportunities are available to become instructors in all, if desired.
Opportunities are available to carry out an intensive laboratory research project.
Opportunities are available to develop athletic skills in several sports.
Opportunities are available to devote nearly full time to research in the final year of training.
Opportunities are available to direct master's thesis students.
Opportunities are available to earn credit toward trip expenses.
Opportunities are available to examine the military profession in detail.
Opportunities are available to gain experience in animal or human metabolic studies.
Opportunities are available to have an active role in the worship service.
Opportunities are available to help before, during and after the fest.
Opportunities are available to improve wellbeing.
Opportunities are available to individuals pursuing a wide range of majors.
Opportunities are available to join a ranger for a guided hike through the bristlecones.
Opportunities are available to join ongoing projects or initiate a new project.
Opportunities are available to learn flexible sigmoidoscopy.
Opportunities are available to make up certain deficiencies.
Opportunities are available to name major facilities and projects .
Opportunities are available to network with authors and other librarians.
Opportunities are available to participate in field schools and other educational and social events.
Opportunities are available to participate in or begin a prayer group or bible reflection group.
Opportunities are available to participate in school activities with other students .
Opportunities are available to participate in several exciting and growing research programs.
Opportunities are available to participate in the Poster Session.
Opportunities are available to perform, choreograph, or assist with productions.
Opportunities are available to provide or receive discipleship training.
Opportunities are available to pursue minors in related academic disciplines.
Opportunities are available to remain active and involved.
Opportunities are available to serve as an officer or as a student representative.
Opportunities are available to students for cross-curricular connections in the arts.
Opportunities are available to students in all majors.
Opportunities are available to students, adults, and seniors.
Opportunities are available to study urban geology.
Opportunities are available to teach swimming lessons as well.
Opportunities are available to try casting silver in molds handmade from tufa stone and cuttle bone.
Opportunities are available to undergraduates, graduate students and post-graduates.
Opportunities are available to undergraduates, graduate students, and postgraduates.
Opportunities are available to understand and prevent injuries.
Opportunities are available to view the engine sheds and walking along the historic rail trail.
Opportunities are available to work with a faculty mentor and other research staff.
Opportunities are available to work with local and state agencies.
Opportunities are available to work with professors on research projects.
Opportunities are available to work with the disadvantaged, to serve older persons etc.
Opportunities are available to work with the public at the research desk and in the microfilm room.
Opportunities are available under all categories.
Opportunities are available weekdays to deliver midday meals.
Opportunities are available with several groups.
Opportunities are available within the laboratory for graduate and postgraduate training.
Opportunities are available within the state of Mississippi and throughout the nation.
Opportunities are available year around.
Opportunities are available year round.
Opportunities are available, as well, for travel subsidies and research grants.
Opportunities are available.
Opportunities are availible in education, government, and industry.
Opportunities are best for candidates with a doctoral degree.
Opportunities are best for workers with knowledge of fabrics and cleaning compounds.
Opportunities are better in large academic or public libraries.
Opportunities are better in large centres, however there are local employment opportunities.
Opportunities are better with larger firms, and a broad office skill base.
Opportunities are big and the game is just beginning.
Opportunities are blessings.
Opportunities are boundless.
Opportunities are challenges to learn new things.
Opportunities are currently available in nationwide locations.
Opportunities are currently available in our northeast and southwest regions.
Opportunities are darn slim, so they leave.
Opportunities are diverse, ranging from entry-level to advanced positions.
Opportunities are endless.
Opportunities are especially strong for women and minorities.
Opportunities are especially varied in language study.
Opportunities are everywhere .
Opportunities are everywhere at the fair to win a car, a vacation, or free products.
Opportunities are everywhere for well-trained practitioners.
Opportunities are everywhere in Web appliances, especially as homes and cars get more wired.
Opportunities are everywhere.
Opportunities are excellent for individuals with adequate ability and training.
Opportunities are excellent in landscape and turfgrass industries.
Opportunities are extremely limited and are offered only when funding is available.
Opportunities are extremely limited and are only offered when funding is available.
Opportunities are fairly limited, but they are there.
Opportunities are few and exceptional in their quality and value.
Opportunities are few.
Opportunities are fewer than ever.
Opportunities are floundered and policy responses remain inadequate.
Opportunities are for full-time internships.
Opportunities are frequently available for outstanding scholars in the career fields listed below.
Opportunities are galore.
Opportunities are generally on weekdays with several special weekend events throughout the year.
Opportunities are generous for entry-level candidates.
Opportunities are global, but so are the problems.
Opportunities are here also, for continued education in the excellent schools and trade schools.
Opportunities are here and here .
Opportunities are here.
Opportunities are in abundance.
Opportunities are in developing countries and Eastern Europe.
Opportunities are in software design, microelectronics, and hardware development.
Opportunities are in the Houston area as well as nationwide.
Opportunities are just a click away.
Opportunities are like sunrises.
Opportunities are likely to be best at smaller airlines.
Opportunities are likely to be few and far between.
Opportunities are likely to be limited only by knowledge and imagination.
Opportunities are likely to flow from the current consolidation of South Africa's media industry.
Opportunities are limited and they tend to fill quickly.
Opportunities are limited to research assistant grade in some unions.
Opportunities are limited.
Opportunities are limitless.
Opportunities are literally just a phone call away.
Opportunities are local, national, and international.
Opportunities are many and diverse.
Opportunities are many and varied.
Opportunities are many for social contacts.
Opportunities are many, and they continue to grow every year.
Opportunities are merely problems that promise to pay off after sufficient work.
Opportunities are nationwide and in the private, public, and nonprofit sectors.
Opportunities are nationwide, roughly in proportion to the density of the built environment.
Opportunities are nationwide, with a preponderance in industrialised or more populated areas.
Opportunities are nearly limitless and the spectrum is broad.
Opportunities are nevertheless increasingly unequal.
Opportunities are new things, or old things never developed to full power.
Opportunities are numerous and the possibilities are limitless at the local center.
Opportunities are numerous for graduates of the program.
Opportunities are numerous to grow by thinking, by feeling, by doing and by relating to others.
Opportunities are numerous to volunteer or join a wide variety of interest groups.
Opportunities are obvious.
Opportunities are often in excellent summer locations also.
Opportunities are on an as-needed basis.
Opportunities are on the rise, especially short-term stints.
Opportunities are ongoing.
Opportunities are open from the postdoctoral level through senior level .
Opportunities are open in every area that makes the church function, from finance to kitchen work.
Opportunities are out there.
Opportunities are particularly good for female and minority candidates.
Opportunities are periodically available for full-time professional staff.
Opportunities are perishable.
Opportunities are plentiful and the time is now.
Opportunities are plentiful for birding, day hiking and inspecting ancient ruins and rock art.
Opportunities are plentiful for bright, energetic software engineers.
Opportunities are plentiful for individuals with unique skills and proper training.
Opportunities are plentiful for participation as well as being a golf spectator.
Opportunities are plentiful for students to exercise, stay in shape and keep their minds sharp.
Opportunities are plentiful for the highly skilled and expertly trained.
Opportunities are plentiful.
Opportunities are plenty.
Opportunities are present for children to work in large and small groups as well as individually.
Opportunities are present for interdisciplinary study.
Opportunities are present.
Opportunities are primarily in Africa and Central and South America.
Opportunities are rare in rural areas.
Opportunities are readily available for students to study abroad for a semester or more.
Opportunities are real in the Pacific Islands.
Opportunities are regularly available for individuals with sales or technical experience.
Opportunities are rich for developing close relationships with other Christian students.
Opportunities are ripe for advancement.
Opportunities are ripe for partnerships.
Opportunities are scarce.
Opportunities are simply ways to meet needs.
Opportunities are slim around here.
Opportunities are so short.
Opportunities are sometimes hard to come by for players.
Opportunities are sometimes spontaneous, and sometimes progressive.
Opportunities are still available for additional sponsors and contributors .
Opportunities are still available for camps in volleyball, softball, and self-defense.
Opportunities are still available for companies wishing to exhibit at the conference.
Opportunities are still available for Gustavus students to help with the weekend.
Opportunities are still available.
Opportunities are the fuel that drive our dreams.
Opportunities are the key to students' ability to continue in the arts and attain success.
Opportunities are there to be created and capitalised upon.
Opportunities are there to be taken.
Opportunities are there to grab.
Opportunities are there.
Opportunities are thus limited only by their imaginations.
Opportunities are tremendous.
Opportunities are unlimited and an increasing number are entering the professions.
Opportunities are unlimited for men and women in the field of engineering.
Opportunities are unlimited.
Opportunities are updated weekly.
Opportunities are usually available for summer employment.
Opportunities are varied and numerous.
Opportunities are varied and schedules are flexible.
Opportunities are varied for professional service in special education.
Opportunities are varied.
Opportunities are vast, lucrative and plentiful.
Opportunities are vast.
Opportunities are very hard to come by.
Opportunities are very limited and subject to budgetary constraints.
Opportunities are very limited in the area.
Opportunities are very limited.
Opportunities are virtually unlimited.
Opportunities are volunteer.
Opportunities are wide open in agriculture.
Opportunities are wide open, and for any type of business.
Opportunities are wide, and vision limited.
Opportunities are wide-open on the Internet.
Opportunities are wider.
Opportunities are widespread.
Opportunities are, after all, opportunities.
Opportunities arise based on the nature of the transiting planet.
Opportunities arise for licensees to use trademarks owned by other licensors.
Opportunities arise from changes in the environment.
Opportunities arise from gaining a new boss.
Opportunities arise from the democratic character of the new regime.
Opportunities arise from the differences.
Opportunities arise from time to time to undertake such case studies in various organizations.
Opportunities arise in their own time.
Opportunities arise or can be created every day from sources all over the world.
Opportunities arise quickly.
Opportunities arise to bring greater harmony into business and romantic relationships.
Opportunities arise to come to new products and new, less energy-consuming production processes.
Opportunities arise where an exception can be made which seems appropriate at the moment.
Opportunities await for qualified legal professionals.
Opportunities Be there first.
Opportunities Become a lab volunteer.
Opportunities become available on a regular basis.
Opportunities become endless.
Opportunities begin at the kindergarten level and continue on up through adults.
Opportunities begin with bow season followed by the firearm and then muzzle loading seaon.
Opportunities build progress.
Opportunities call to both the individual and the corporate entrepreneur.
Opportunities can appear at the organizational, project, and individual levels.
Opportunities can arise from situations that, at one time, appeared to be all doom and gloom.
Opportunities can be a few hours each week, monthly or even help with a special event.
Opportunities can be leads or referrals or new jobs or business, personal or professional.
Opportunities can be like windows.
Opportunities can mean once a week, once a month or one-time events.
Opportunities can only become benefits if they are taken.
Opportunities can range from sales to manufacturing.
Opportunities certainly exist for entrepreneurs in Ethiopia.
Opportunities change each semester.
Opportunities change frequently.
Opportunities come again and after all, it's just a movie.
Opportunities come along all of the time.
Opportunities come along and coaches leave.
Opportunities come and go depending on research load, lab and equipment availability, etc.
Opportunities come and go.
Opportunities come disguised as problems.
Opportunities come dressed in work clothes.
Opportunities come in many shapes and sizes.
Opportunities come to a center every day, from inbound calls to customers on the premises.
Opportunities continue to be explored in other parts of the county.
Opportunities continue to beckon.
Opportunities Continue to build national and international partnerships with other jurisdictions.
Opportunities continue to change.
Opportunities continue to exist in the Chinese online community throughout the year.
Opportunities continue to expand as the ministry team goes out in response to requests.
Opportunities continue to grow and change, as new technologies demand new learning and skill sets.
Opportunities continue to grow in community dental health programs.
Opportunities continue to grow.
Opportunities Converting existing storage to water supply has several obvious advantages.
Opportunities Create a derivative storyboard for each of above.
Opportunities currently exist for fresh catch seafood and aqua-culture.
Opportunities currently exist for producer managers who seek employment in the business of farming.
Opportunities currently exist in Canada and the United States.
Opportunities currently exist in many major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and abroad.
Opportunities depend in part on the field of specialization.
Opportunities depend on normal turnover from retirements, promotions, resignations and so forth.
Opportunities depend on the individual.
Opportunities develop for healing.
Opportunities Develop more formal interprovincial network relationships.
Opportunities develop with different time frames, requiring different styles of investment.
Opportunities differ, depending upon academic credentials, experience, and field of practice.
Opportunities do abound here, and making contact is truly worthwhile.
Opportunities do exist for advancement at the successful and burgeoning agency.
Opportunities do exist for 'real people' talent, but they are rare.
Opportunities do exist for students in other academic disciplines as the schedule permits.
Opportunities do exist in film-making.
Opportunities do exist in Vancouver, and most doors are open.
Opportunities do exist, however, for twelve month funding.
Opportunities do exist, however, for work in earthquake seismology and remote sensing.
Opportunities do exist, however, to continue education and earn a baccalaureate degree.
Opportunities do exist.
Opportunities do however exist for co-development, sale or lease.
Opportunities don t wait.
Opportunities Donate a car.
Opportunities excel for day tripping by kayak or powerboat.
Opportunities exist among both at varying times.
Opportunities exist at all levels for specialisation in Asia-Pacific as well as global issues.
Opportunities exist at all levels from junior consultants to senior managers.
Opportunities exist at all levels of government and in hundreds of occupations.
Opportunities exist at all levels of the school.
Opportunities exist at all levels within the security industry.
Opportunities exist at all levels.
Opportunities exist at all of our locations for caring, committed, patient-focused staff.
Opportunities exist at both the domestic and international policy levels.
Opportunities exist at each level for officers to expand their experience and develop their skills.
Opportunities exist at every budget level.
Opportunities exist at every level of government and private industry.
Opportunities exist at every level of the industry in preparation, sales, and control.
Opportunities exist at hotels, restaurant chains, airlines, colleges, hospitals and corporations.
Opportunities exist at our Boulder, Colorado location.
Opportunities exist at several levels, ranging from senior researchers to graduate students.
Opportunities exist at the retail, foodservice and food manufacturing levels.
Opportunities exist at various locations in the midwest.
Opportunities exist at various sites.
Opportunities exist at varying levels.
Opportunities exist beyond the range.
Opportunities exist both at home and abroad.
Opportunities exist both in industrial companies and government agencies and laboratories.
Opportunities exist both in our offices and in the community.
Opportunities exist both in the United States and abroad.
Opportunities exist both on and off campus under the supervision of professional personnel.
Opportunities exist both ways.
Opportunities exist continually for additional citizens who are able and willing to volunteer.
Opportunities exist currently with aircraft manufacturers to supply panels.
Opportunities exist evenings.
Opportunities exist everywhere, even in dismal circumstances.
Opportunities exist for a class or cause to appropriate all of society's resources.
Opportunities exist for a flexible work schedule.
Opportunities exist for a general medicine fellow and postdoctoral trainees.
Opportunities exist for a range of optional clinical learning activities.
Opportunities exist for a variety of career options and lifelong learning experiences.
Opportunities exist for a wide variety of activities in an electronic environment.
Opportunities exist for a wide variety of challenging legal experiences.
Opportunities exist for academic year, semester, and summer travel.
Opportunities exist for adapting the software to solve specific environmental problems.
Opportunities exist for additional summer employment.
Opportunities exist for additional work and study during the summer in many programs.
Opportunities exist for advanced degrees in economics, law, and business, among others.
Opportunities exist for advanced practicum work and independent study as well.
Opportunities exist for advanced procedures and clinical training.
Opportunities exist for all abilities from foundation to the ultimate excellence level.
Opportunities exist for all kinds of purposes and audiences.
Opportunities exist for all non-motorized uses to occur on a single trail.
Opportunities exist for all residents to participate in clinical or basic research projects.
Opportunities exist for all students to participate in ongoing research.
Opportunities exist for all students.
Opportunities exist for all types of leisure year-round.
Opportunities exist for all.
Opportunities exist for almost everyone.
Opportunities exist for anyone to be part of a small group.
Opportunities exist for apples, oranges, pears and plums.
Opportunities exist for applicants with an interest in interdisciplinary research or consulting.
Opportunities exist for applied research.
Opportunities exist for architects, urban planners, and land remediation experts.
Opportunities exist for attending national meetings to present scholarly research projects.
Opportunities exist for basic research, particularly in collaboration with other departments.
Opportunities exist for being hired on a contract or project basis.
Opportunities exist for both basic and clinical research.
Opportunities exist for both clinical and basic laboratory research.
Opportunities exist for both coaching and non-coaching positions.
Opportunities exist for both company drivers and owner operators in our van division.
Opportunities exist for both day and swing shifts.
Opportunities exist for both experienced professionals, as well as internships for college students.
Opportunities exist for both full time and part time work.
Opportunities exist for both full time employees and associates .
Opportunities exist for both graduating students and for students seeking summer internships.
Opportunities exist for both individuals and groups.
Opportunities exist for both local and expatriate personnel.
Opportunities exist for both observing and performing various parts of a job.
Opportunities exist for both ongoing support and short term projects with flexible hours.
Opportunities exist for both rural and urban experiences.
Opportunities exist for both technical and functional skill sets.
Opportunities exist for both Web site analysis tool users and developers.
Opportunities exist for both youth and adults.
Opportunities exist for bright communication students in graduate school.
Opportunities exist for bringing in other fields and related activities.
Opportunities exist for camp counselors and support staff.
Opportunities exist for campers to work their community service requirements as well.
Opportunities exist for catching nearly every inshore and offshore species.
Opportunities exist for certifications and training.
Opportunities exist for church planters, medical missions, business people, and youth work.
Opportunities exist for clinical research involvement in both clinical services.
Opportunities exist for clinical research.
Opportunities exist for clinical support and education.
Opportunities exist for collaboration with an active research group.
Opportunities exist for collaboration with faculty in related disciplines.
Opportunities exist for collaboration with other investigators.
Opportunities exist for collaboration with public officials.
Opportunities exist for collaborative interaction with other schools and departments.
Opportunities exist for collaborative research experience.
Opportunities exist for collaborative research with other faculty in the department.
Opportunities exist for collaborative research with staff members from other departments.
Opportunities exist for collaborative research.
Opportunities exist for college graduates in all fields.
Opportunities exist for college seniors and experienced professionals in all fields.
Opportunities exist for commercial messages including ad banners and micro buttons.
Opportunities exist for commercialization in a variety of fields.
Opportunities exist for community volunteer work, internships or paid employment.
Opportunities exist for companies prepared to take advantage of the tumult.
Opportunities exist for conducting both laboratory and field research.
Opportunities exist for consulting foresters who operate their own businesses.
Opportunities exist for cost-sharing across parts of the university on strategic activities.
Opportunities exist for creative activity in the theatre production program.
Opportunities exist for creative activity in the theatre productions program.
Opportunities exist for creative learning, social interaction and service.
Opportunities exist for cross-curricular studies of various sorts.
Opportunities exist for cross-disciplinary and applied research.
Opportunities exist for dairy producers to lock in margins by hedging feed and milk prices.
Opportunities exist for day, evening or weekend work.
Opportunities exist for developing networks in other Pennsylvania communities.
Opportunities exist for developing specialist skills in the above areas.
Opportunities exist for development leadership and other skills.
Opportunities exist for dialoguing and sharing of educational issues and concerns.
Opportunities exist for discounted or even free travel.
Opportunities exist for doctoral work.
Opportunities exist for earning retirement, low cost life insurance and medical benefits as well.
Opportunities exist for electives abroad.
Opportunities exist for electives in other countries.
Opportunities exist for energetic people with all levels of skills and expertise.
Opportunities exist for energy efficiency improvements throughout China s energy sector.
Opportunities exist for evangelism and discipleship of the children and their families.
Opportunities exist for everyone to actively participate in the school in positive ways.
Opportunities exist for excellent students and post-docs.
Opportunities exist for exchange programs with international institutions.
Opportunities exist for expanded role nursing or rural hospital nursing.
Opportunities exist for expanding the scope of the research.
Opportunities exist for extended research training as a supplement to the clinical training program.
Opportunities exist for extra credit for attending professional conferences.
Opportunities exist for extra experience in sports medicine for interested residents.
Opportunities exist for faculty appointments for qualified medical personnel.
Opportunities exist for fall or spring semester or both.
Opportunities exist for fast tracking to higher grades.
Opportunities exist for fellowship, ministry involvement and group support.
Opportunities exist for field study in archaeology in virtually any area of the world.
Opportunities exist for field study of living or extinct primates.
Opportunities exist for field work and working in the laboratory.
Opportunities exist for fieldwork on state and federal wildlife refuges and other protected areas.
Opportunities exist for fieldwork with speakers of Native American languages.
Opportunities exist for firms as well as for entrepreneurs.
Opportunities exist for foreign exchange cruises with other navies.
Opportunities exist for four or more credits in mathematics, science and foreign language.
Opportunities exist for freelance consultancy work once experience has been gained.
Opportunities exist for freelance work on both occasional and short or medium term contracts.
Opportunities exist for further reductions.
Opportunities exist for further study.
Opportunities exist for future stock purchase and ownership participation in the firm.
Opportunities exist for graduate research assistantships and summer undergraduate fellowships.
Opportunities exist for graduate research assistantships.
Opportunities exist for graduate research.
Opportunities exist for graduate student research.
Opportunities exist for graduate students in economics, international studies, and related areas.
Opportunities exist for graduates to practice in a variety of professional roles.
Opportunities exist for greater recognition and more money.
Opportunities exist for group and private practice.
Opportunities exist for guiding graduate research.
Opportunities exist for hands-on student research at the bachelors, masters, and doctoral levels.
Opportunities exist for highly skilled machinists on an ongoing basis.
Opportunities exist for hunting and fishing as well.
Opportunities exist for incentive pays depending on experience and qualifications.
Opportunities exist for increasing the skill and utility of forecasts at all time ranges.
Opportunities exist for independent projects, internships, and co-op experiences.
Opportunities exist for independent study and student assistance in faculty research.
Opportunities exist for individual and family discharge teaching, community assessment and outreach.
Opportunities exist for individual and group teaching as well as staff in-service education.
Opportunities exist for individual residents to pursue avenues of research interest.
Opportunities exist for individual to take part in a county wide event.
Opportunities exist for individuals in direct patient care and non-patient care areas.
Opportunities exist for individuals, families, or service groups.
Opportunities exist for industry co-sponsorship and involvement.
Opportunities exist for inspectors, supervisors, engineers, liaison specialists and managers.
Opportunities exist for integrated field and laboratory research.
Opportunities exist for interaction with the business community beyond the classroom.
Opportunities exist for interdisciplinary collaboration.
Opportunities exist for interdisciplinary research in both pelagic and benthic environments.
Opportunities exist for interns to design a restorative justice project with offenders.
Opportunities exist for internships geared toward breeding or training and riding.
Opportunities exist for internships in both the editorial office in Cortland and around the globe.
Opportunities exist for investors.
Opportunities exist for involvement in other areas of ministry within the church.
Opportunities exist for joint services.
Opportunities exist for joint ventures with Russian firms.
Opportunities exist for key staff to become shareholders of the firm.
Opportunities exist for linking cost estimates with diagnostic and clinical information.
Opportunities exist for logic, analog, digital circuit and physical designers.
Opportunities exist for lumber and components of red oak, red alder, yellow-poplar.
Opportunities exist for meeting sponsorship and technical speakers.
Opportunities exist for members to attend missions with our sales staff.
Opportunities exist for members to take part in a wide range of coaching and training activities.
Opportunities exist for more challenging hiking experiences with rewarding views.
Opportunities exist for more formal teaching in small groups and didactics.
Opportunities exist for more papers and most residents have several publications.
Opportunities exist for motorcycles, ATVs, and four-wheel drives.
Opportunities exist for nature study, viewing and kayaking.
Opportunities exist for networking and interaction with colleagues.
Opportunities exist for new advances in computer science, mathematics, physics, and engineering.
Opportunities exist for new membership, private tournaments and banquets.
Opportunities exist for new sections as well.
Opportunities exist for Nipissing students to study in Mexico, Chile, England and Nepal.
Opportunities exist for numerical modeling of melting processes with the Earth.
Opportunities exist for nurses within the organisation, but at present only a few openings per year.
Opportunities exist for obtaining credit and recognition of prior learning.
Opportunities exist for office and field positions.
Opportunities exist for once a week tutoring, more frequent tutoring or substitute tutoring.
Opportunities exist for other initiatives including recitals and choral work.
Opportunities exist for other scientists and graduate students to initiate post-cruise studies.
Opportunities exist for overseas placement.
Opportunities exist for owners to ride along on some deliveries.
Opportunities exist for padding time records and documentation is poor.
Opportunities exist for paid placement in the UK and overseas.
Opportunities exist for paid placements in the uK and overseas.
Opportunities exist for paid placements in the UK and overseas.
Opportunities exist for part of a student's Ph.D. research to be performed at an industrial site.
Opportunities exist for part time, temporary, and substitute positions.
Opportunities exist for participation by both full and part-time students.
Opportunities exist for participation in a broad range of clinical and basic research activities.
Opportunities exist for participation in clinical research trials.
Opportunities exist for participation in clinical research which is largely descriptive in nature.
Opportunities exist for participation in university, regional and state festivals.
Opportunities exist for participation in university, regional andstate festivals.
Opportunities exist for participation in yearly Charismatic conventions.
Opportunities exist for part-time and contract employment for experienced electronic assemblers.
Opportunities exist for people from all disciplines.
Opportunities exist for people of today to learn from the past.
Opportunities exist for people to serve both on a long or short term basis.
Opportunities exist for people with all levels of experience and qualifications.
Opportunities exist for people with associate degrees.
Opportunities exist for pharmacists in virtually all geographic areas in the state of Texas.
Opportunities exist for photography, layout, feature writing, etc.
Opportunities exist for planned giving.
Opportunities exist for political scientists in teaching, research, and policy analysis .
Opportunities exist for post-doctoral work within the department.
Opportunities exist for pre-doctoral fellows and undergraduate summer training.
Opportunities exist for professional development.
Opportunities exist for professionals in academic, applied, and clinical settings.
Opportunities exist for project work as well.
Opportunities exist for public and patient contact, clerical duties, and on-call positions.
Opportunities exist for public performances of compositions.
Opportunities exist for qualified professionals to join our outstanding team.
Opportunities exist for research groups.
Opportunities exist for research in basic or clinical sciences.
Opportunities exist for research in military medicine or emergency medicine.
Opportunities exist for research in universities and government laboratories.
Opportunities exist for research on organic dendrimer chemistry and asymmetric catalysis.
Opportunities exist for research projects.
Opportunities exist for research, volunteers and study.
Opportunities exist for retail, professional office and service firms.
Opportunities exist for sales of Canadian value-added wood products.
Opportunities exist for sandwich students to take industrial placements abroad.
Opportunities exist for Seattle's telecommunications companies.
Opportunities exist for self employment through contract programming work.
Opportunities exist for service learning, community outreach, and sponsoring undergraduate research.
Opportunities exist for several continents.
Opportunities exist for shepherds and enterprise managers to progress to farm management positions.
Opportunities exist for snorkeling.
Opportunities exist for solo and ensemble singing in smaller groups.
Opportunities exist for some students to return to a regular classroom.
Opportunities exist for starting new clubs and organizations as student interests develop or change.
Opportunities exist for statistical experimental design to have more impact than it currently does.
Opportunities exist for student internships in the office.
Opportunities exist for student research collaboration with faculty.
Opportunities exist for students and therapists to participate in projects in the lab.
Opportunities exist for students to accompany the choir on the piano.
Opportunities exist for students to attend on a part-time basis.
Opportunities exist for students to participate in international theatre programs.
Opportunities exist for students to participate in relevant research under faculty mentors.
Opportunities exist for students to spend time in overseas laboratories and facilities.
Opportunities exist for students to study for a semester overseas.
Opportunities exist for studies in field measurements, theory, and algorithm development.
Opportunities exist for study abroad, as well as throughout the United States.
Opportunities exist for study in virtually all regions of the world.
Opportunities exist for summer employment as director or producer.
Opportunities exist for summer research at industrial sites and international research laboratories.
Opportunities exist for summer teaching.
Opportunities exist for supervising graduate students.
Opportunities exist for supervision of honours research thesis students.
Opportunities exist for support of MD student research projects.
Opportunities exist for taught and research based degree programmes in the field.
Opportunities exist for teaching communications core and graduate courses.
Opportunities exist for tenured, tenure-track and temporary appointments.
Opportunities exist for the dedicated, innovative and motivated entrepreneur.
Opportunities exist for the dentist to become board certified in one or more states.
Opportunities exist for the development of mind and body.
Opportunities exist for the shrewd, patient, long-term investor.
Opportunities exist for the youth market plus collectables and executive toys.
Opportunities exist for U.S. investors in production and assembly of electronic components.
Opportunities exist for undergraduate research with faculty.
Opportunities exist for undergraduate student employement in research labs.
Opportunities exist for undergraduate student employment and research experience.
Opportunities exist for unique power agreements.
Opportunities exist for uniquely valuable learning experiences.
Opportunities exist for upward growth and mobility within our organization.
Opportunities exist for veterinarians to volunteer their time at WHO headquarters.
Opportunities exist for visitors to take part in the activities of the farm.
Opportunities exist for vocational shadowing and work study.
Opportunities exist for voluntary winter survival and advanced marksmanship training.
Opportunities exist for voluntary winter training.
Opportunities exist for volunteers to assist in the Laboratory on specific assigned projects.
Opportunities exist for work in methods dealing with missing data.
Opportunities exist for work in terrestrial and aquatic systems.
Opportunities exist from the staff consultant level through manager to partner.
Opportunities exist here for eco-tourism and trophy hunting.
Opportunities exist in a range of disciplines.
Opportunities exist in a variety of settings.
Opportunities exist in accounting for students with diverse backgrounds, abilities, and interests.
Opportunities exist in all continents and many countries.
Opportunities exist in all endeavors including public relations, theater, or broadcasting.
Opportunities exist in all major cities in the United States, as well as internationally.
Opportunities exist in all of our divisions .
Opportunities exist in ALL of our project areas.
Opportunities exist in almost any recognized field of study, from accounting to zoology.
Opportunities exist in athletics, music, art, drama and a vast array of social events.
Opportunities exist in basic science, animal work, or clinical subjects.
Opportunities exist in both general and commercial aviation.
Opportunities exist in both government and private industry in a great variety of positions.
Opportunities exist in both hardware and software-centric areas.
Opportunities exist in both information technology and business environments.
Opportunities exist in both laboratory and business environments.
Opportunities exist in both our Chicago and Minneapolis offices.
Opportunities exist in both retail and wholesale growing.
Opportunities exist in both the Sacramento and Bakersfield offices.
Opportunities exist in both the temporary and permanent signage areas.
Opportunities exist in business, industry, government, education and the military.
Opportunities exist in certain growth niches in the community that are currently under-served.
Opportunities exist in class for discussion and expression of individual perceptions and ideas.
Opportunities exist in community and hospital pharmacy administration, industry, academia.
Opportunities exist in corporate and industrial fitness programs, health spas and sport clinics.
Opportunities exist in design, manufacturing, sales, customer support, and application engineering.
Opportunities exist in development, test, and services and marketing.
Opportunities exist in different locations across the country.
Opportunities exist in domestic and international operations.
Opportunities exist in drug stores, food stores, e-commerce, and mail order.
Opportunities exist in each of the tasks involved in the life-cycle of bridges.
Opportunities exist in each store and at the corporate level.
Opportunities exist in education, consulting, and international forestry too.
Opportunities exist in education, potential focus groups and national initiatives.
Opportunities exist in equipment manufacturing and field service.
Opportunities exist in Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia, Latin America, and South America.
Opportunities exist in every facet of the county's business, recreational and educational amenities.
Opportunities exist in health awareness campaign and rural community development.
Opportunities exist in hospitals and community service agencies as well as one day events.
Opportunities exist in image analysis, materials science, physics, and computer science.
Opportunities exist in LA, Philadelphia, Austin, Chicago, Miami, Tampa and New York.
Opportunities exist in management, technical strategy and database architecture.
Opportunities exist in many areas of building envelope design, construction, and maintenance.
Opportunities exist in many botany courses for laboratory and field projects.
Opportunities exist in many fields including teaching at the college and university level.
Opportunities exist in many of the life and physical sciences.
Opportunities exist in many of the physical and life sciences.
Opportunities exist in many offices across the campus.
Opportunities exist in many technical and professional fields in offices around the globe.
Opportunities exist in Mexico for jams, fruit jellies, marmalades and fruit puree.
Opportunities exist in most areas of niche retailing, from childrens' toys to office stationery.
Opportunities exist in most areas of the country.
Opportunities exist in most of the industrial sectors.
Opportunities exist in multiple counties.
Opportunities exist in North America and throughout the world.
Opportunities exist in ongoing group projects or preceptorial experiences.
Opportunities exist in our Boston office.
Opportunities exist in our Lexington, Kentucky, headquarters.
Opportunities exist in permanent health insurance as well as in a broad range of actuarial science.
Opportunities exist in pharmaceutical research for research associates.
Opportunities exist in physiotherapy education and in research.
Opportunities exist in practically every corner of the world for study, travel or teaching overseas.
Opportunities exist in private practice with independant practices or larger companies.
Opportunities exist in private practice, hospitals and government agencies.
Opportunities exist in Queensland for local, regional and inter-state competition.
Opportunities exist in retail training and management .
Opportunities exist in sales, case management, licensing, administrative support and more.
Opportunities exist in Santa Fe, Boston, Silicon Valley, and the Washington, D.C. area.
Opportunities exist in several areas.
Opportunities exist in store operations, retail personnel management, and merchandising.
Opportunities exist in textile manufacturing, wholesaling, and retailing.
Opportunities exist in the areas of public, private, and governmental employment.
Opportunities exist in the conversation of objects, textiles, books, and paper.
Opportunities exist in the defense services too.
Opportunities exist in the disciplines noted below for dynamic and qualified individuals.
Opportunities exist in the following areas.
Opportunities exist in the group at both the graduate student and post-doctoral level.
Opportunities exist in the job to do cutting-edge work in computer science.
Opportunities exist in the lab for new graduate and Honours students.
Opportunities exist in the legal profession for rewarding service to individuals and society.
Opportunities exist in the Madison and Milwaukee, Wisconsin areas.
Opportunities exist in the Madison, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin areas, and in Tampa, Florida.
Opportunities exist in the New Vision Chemical Dependence Treatment Facility.
Opportunities exist in the private sector and in the military.
Opportunities exist in the program for study abroad.
Opportunities exist in the tax, assurance and consulting fields for a range of industries.
Opportunities exist in the U.S. and overseas.
Opportunities exist in the U.S., Europe, and Asia.
Opportunities exist in training, sales and more.
Opportunities exist in valuations and product development.
Opportunities exist in various regions and in various disciplines.
Opportunities exist locally as well as nationwide.
Opportunities exist mainly at the very best quality level.
Opportunities exist mostly in big cities.
Opportunities exist nationally.
Opportunities exist nationwide for recent college graduates of all majors.
Opportunities exist nationwide, with great starting salaries and benefits.
Opportunities exist on our information desk, escort service, and in our gift shop.
Opportunities exist primarily in India and Pakistan.
Opportunities exist through e-commerce and work from home structuring of large companies.
Opportunities exist throughout the UK, especially in the south east.
Opportunities exist throughout the United States and internationally.
Opportunities exist to apply such methods to field data.
Opportunities exist to attend professional meetings, lectures, and training courses.
Opportunities exist to be in on the projects from the beginning.
Opportunities exist to be selected to teach is designated sites around the country.
Opportunities exist to become certified volunteer crisis counselors.
Opportunities exist to carry out the project abroad, for non-UK students in their home country.
Opportunities exist to contribute and develop areas of computer related research.
Opportunities exist to convert the term portion of the policy to permanent coverage over time.
Opportunities exist to crystallize other enzymes in the pathway as they become available.
Opportunities exist to develop and teach summer courses.
Opportunities exist to develop consulting materials and improve existing materials.
Opportunities exist to develop courses in areas of expertise.
Opportunities exist to develop online education projects across a range of subjects and age groups.
Opportunities exist to develop presentations directed toward a medical school population and staff.
Opportunities exist to develop research in a range of subject matter areas.
Opportunities exist to develop seeds that are coated with germination enhancing chemicals.
Opportunities exist to emphasize specific learning needs or interests.
Opportunities exist to expand education outside our typical professional functions.
Opportunities exist to explore the use of tissue culture as a propagation technique.
Opportunities exist to fish by float plane trip, horseback, backpacking, and canoe.
Opportunities exist to fully exploit research findings via international collaborations.
Opportunities exist to gain practical experience in the classroom.
Opportunities exist to gain teaching experience.
Opportunities exist to grow internationally and through acquisition.
Opportunities exist to have training in specific areas of interest.
Opportunities exist to help with office work, equipment maintenance and event coordination help.
Opportunities exist to host a coach and learn about life abroad.
Opportunities exist to improve biogeocycling models by developing new or improving existing models.
Opportunities exist to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process.
Opportunities exist to influence personal and professional growth.
Opportunities exist to institute measures to prevent avoidable death among car occupants.
Opportunities exist to join a team of industry leaders from retail and hi-tech.
Opportunities exist to learn database administration, development and design.
Opportunities exist to learn new skills or to practice existing ones.
Opportunities exist to live and study in some of the world's most exciting cities on six continents.
Opportunities exist to mainstream the product.
Opportunities exist to match just about anyone's giftedness and area of interest.
Opportunities exist to move into commercial management.
Opportunities exist to move into management positions or start a business.
Opportunities exist to move into other areas.
Opportunities exist to name all theme gardens.
Opportunities exist to name endowed faculty positions, scholarship accounts, or student awards.
Opportunities exist to open new branch offices and service areas to remarkable individuals.
Opportunities exist to provide care at underserved and rural sites.
Opportunities exist to provide turbocharged information services in all businesses and industries.
Opportunities exist to purchase shares in a property, or to take over massive eco-tourism concerns.
Opportunities exist to pursue careers in central government, industry and consultancy work.
Opportunities exist to pursue diverse aspects of communication within the department.
Opportunities exist to pursue independent research projects under faculty supervision.
Opportunities exist to pursue studies both at the non-technical and advanced levels.
Opportunities exist to see humpback whales, orcas, porpoises and seals by boat.
Opportunities exist to serve on many different committees and projects.
Opportunities exist to shadow with current students for a day.
Opportunities exist to specialise within a specific field or in the private sector.
Opportunities exist to sponsor or exhibit at the conference.
Opportunities exist to sponsor pages.
Opportunities exist to sponsor particular exhibits or areas of the ship.
Opportunities exist to sponsor the conference generally, and specific conference venues.
Opportunities exist to sponsor tour concerts in honor or memory of a loved one or community.
Opportunities exist to stimulate housing through local initiatives.
Opportunities exist to study abroad for a year, a semester, or for a summer.
Opportunities exist to study and work abroad.
Opportunities exist to study for a PhD in all of the research areas listed below.
Opportunities exist to study or do internships abroad.
Opportunities exist to study the effects of neurotoxic compounds on affective behavior.
Opportunities exist to take elective courses outside the department.
Opportunities exist to team-teach a student leadership class.
Opportunities exist to tender for public contracts.
Opportunities exist to test current invasion theory, improve on it, or develop and test new ones.
Opportunities exist to the road of owning a home.
Opportunities exist to train and teach dentists and auxiliary personnel.
Opportunities exist to transfer departments and locations.
Opportunities exist to travel and work whilst studying.
Opportunities exist to undertake a higher degree.
Opportunities exist to use personal creativity in creating highly functional presentation concepts.
Opportunities exist to utilize options to experience tight crawls and more challenging movements.
Opportunities exist to work as an advisor or to help with administration or fundraising.
Opportunities exist to work both in the UK and in many countries abroad.
Opportunities exist to work on a variety of challenging projects in a supportive team environment.
Opportunities exist to work on projects throughout Europe.
Opportunities exist to work with diverse minority groups.
Opportunities exist to work with grass roots organizations on issues of environmental justice.
Opportunities exist to work with our graduate program and distance learning initiatives.
Opportunities exist today and reinvention is a dynamic process.
Opportunities exist today for getting Internet access for little or no charge.
Opportunities exist two times a week.
Opportunities exist with a broad range of companies or for freelance work.
Opportunities exist with government agencies, private industry, and consulting firms.
Opportunities exist with local, county and statewide employers.
Opportunities exist with other marine species, but require support from a variety of areas.
Opportunities exist within academia between libraries, academic departments, and extension.
Opportunities exist within all sectors of agriculture for competent craft persons and managers.
Opportunities exist within book publishing and campaigning groups.
Opportunities exist within both the private and public sector.
Opportunities exist within both the private and the public sector.
Opportunities exist within the department on both the developmental and commercial sides.
Opportunities exist within the public and private sectors.
Opportunities exist within the reserve to advertise to young people and to the wider population.
Opportunities exist worldwide.
Opportunities exist, however, for longer term, continuous supervision upon request.
Opportunities exist, to be sure.
Opportunities exists for Canadian seafood companies to enter the China market.
Opportunities expand, new life opens up, communities change for the better.
Opportunities exsist to aid in research.
Opportunities extend over a very wide range of fields and throughout the world.
Opportunities fall through.
Opportunities flourish all over, keeping the town busy.
Opportunities follow for reaction, discussion, and recommendations.
Opportunities generally come during presidential transitions.
Opportunities generally exist for time-served mechanics.
Opportunities go far beyond the classroom.
Opportunities grow when hard-earned lessons are communicated effectively.
Opportunities here are as diverse as the students.
Opportunities Implementing programs to address the digital divide takes staff resources.
Opportunities improve for persons with experience and computer literacy.
Opportunities Improve foreign language skills.
Opportunities increase at an exponential rate when entrepreneurs are effective networkers.
Opportunities Influence the products that influence the world.
Opportunities Invest in some of the world s best-known companies.
Opportunities involve cutting edge drug and device cardiac research.
Opportunities ISIP is a dynamic and growing organization.
Opportunities Join one of the most dynamic firms in the health care industry.
Opportunities knock repeatedly, but each opportunity only knocks once.
Opportunities lead to other opportunities.
Opportunities Learn about upcoming conferences, training and other events.
Opportunities Learn to count pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, and half-dollars.
Opportunities Let's be frank.
Opportunities lie here that are unavailable at other places.
Opportunities lie in a variety of sectors, including infrastructure, energy, and telecommunications.
Opportunities lie in differentiation of services based on the needs of individual customers.
Opportunities lie in ecommerce and wireless jobs.
Opportunities lie in remote places.
Opportunities look bigger going than coming.
Opportunities loom large here.
Opportunities maintain our share of the bedding plant and vegetable transplants market.
Opportunities Make contact with key business people in Japan and Canada.
Opportunities managing multiple branches also exist.
Opportunities mentioned here are both long and short term in all areas of the world.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. - SunTzu.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Opportunities multiply as they are taken.
Opportunities normally exist for additional extra-service earnings nights and summers.
Opportunities normally exist for both volunteer and paid positions.
Opportunities occur daily to clarify performance expectations and shape employee performance.
Opportunities occur due to normal turnover, from retirements, promotions, resignations and so forth.
Opportunities occur in advance, to offer contingencies.
Opportunities offers multi-faceted career information.
Opportunities online contains data maintained and accessible exclusively through the Web.
Opportunities open nationally.
Opportunities open when the mind opens.
Opportunities pop up in the most unlikely places.
Opportunities pop up or disappear, new problems arrive or the nature of the dream changes.
Opportunities present themselves and yet can escape the non-attentive.
Opportunities present themselves to enhance the fellowship, worship and membership.
Opportunities present themselves to firms to built their brands in unexpected ways.
Opportunities present themselves to people with plans and goals.
Opportunities present themselves.
Opportunities press in from every side.
Opportunities produce results and growth.
Opportunities Programmer Archive the Internet.
Opportunities provide challenges.
Opportunities provide investment solutions.
Opportunities Provide our club with cellular phone service.
Opportunities Provide our club with long distance telephone service.
Opportunities provide pathways to meet our goals.
Opportunities provide students a sense of being fully included in the overall school programming.
Opportunities Provides listings by job function for current openings in technical fields.
Opportunities Provides on-line guide for turning an idea into a business.
Opportunities range from a dealership mechanic to independently owned businesses.
Opportunities range from accountants to facility managers to valet attendants and shuttle drivers.
Opportunities range from adopting parks or trails to leading nature hikes and giving nature talks.
Opportunities range from backcountry cook to campground host.
Opportunities range from camp counselors and tour guides to office workers and baby-sitters.
Opportunities range from campaign organizers to media coordinators to researchers.
Opportunities range from delivering meals to the elderly to tutoring students.
Opportunities range from entry to senior level.
Opportunities range from entry-level field and office engineers through senior executive positions.
Opportunities range from food service, to consumer research, to consumer education.
Opportunities range from formal balls to American style barbecues with country line dancing.
Opportunities range from installation of entire systems to system maintenance.
Opportunities range from kid's activities to set up and kite sales.
Opportunities range from luxurious beachfront apartments to free standing houses.
Opportunities range from mediation services to helping the homeless.
Opportunities range from mentoring to course work for credit.
Opportunities range from part time to full time, from employee to independent contractor.
Opportunities range from professional to unskilled labor needs.
Opportunities range from sales and marketing to production and operations.
Opportunities range from sales personnel to buying, from operation specialist to store manager.
Opportunities range from sampling to hospitality to full sponsorship of a series of shows.
Opportunities range from schools to hospitals, non-profit organizations, libraries, and businesses.
Opportunities range from secretarial, music, graphic arts and more.
Opportunities range from short term to long term.
Opportunities range from singing in the pre-school choir to the adult choir.
Opportunities range from spending time with the teens to attending a once a year fundraiser.
Opportunities range from summer employment through recent graduate to mid-career positions.
Opportunities range from tennis to backpacking.
Opportunities range from the highly interactive to the more research-oriented and meditative.
Opportunities range from three to twelve months.
Opportunities range from tutoring to gardening.
Opportunities range from tutors to clerical assistants, lab assistants to fitness room monitors.
Opportunities range from two months to a full academic year.
Opportunities range from two months to twelve months.
Opportunities range from working directly with clients to involvement on the policy making board.
Opportunities range greatly, depending on the scope of the project and size of the gift.
Opportunities reflect national staffing patterns and the current economy.
Opportunities remain available for corporate sponsorship of the symposium.
Opportunities remain for distributors who offer online services and new software.
Opportunities remain for rehabilitation of more buildings, both residential and commercial.
Opportunities remain limited for psychologist.
Opportunities remain to be exploited in more specialized applications and markets.
Opportunities replace problems.
Opportunities result whenever there is change.
Opportunities Scroll down or click on a letter.
Opportunities See a listing of all current job opportunities.
Opportunities Seek to capitalize on a country on the brink of tremendous change.
Opportunities seem endless.
Opportunities seem to die on the vine.
Opportunities Serve r is organized by geographical region.
Opportunities slip between the cracks while everyone is counting incoming calls.
Opportunities slip by and that's the most disappointing.
Opportunities slip by, consequences matter little.
Opportunities sown and fields set afire with anger.
Opportunities span a spectrum from the social sciences to the natural sciences.
Opportunities span a wide variety of organizations in both the public and private sectors.
Opportunities Spend a little time, change a life forever . . .
Opportunities still abound in the digital economy - perhaps like never before.
Opportunities still abound.
Opportunities still exist and the nation is resilient.
Opportunities still exist for other sponsors to gain exposure.
Opportunities still exist in certain key areas.
Opportunities Streaming has enormous opportunities.
Opportunities Studying dance in the Australian tertiary environment is exciting and challenging.
Opportunities Supply more fresh product to the food processing and manufacturing industry.
Opportunities take the form of projects planned and invested in by the partners.
Opportunities Talk with representatives about year-long service opportunities.
Opportunities tend to vary by region.
Opportunities then exist for someone to step in and meet that demand.
Opportunities therefore arise only in specialised, niche areas.
Opportunities though have to be carefully screened and additional factors taken into consideration.
Opportunities vanish as good short sale inventories dry up at many broker-dealers.
Opportunities vary according to the interests and expertise of individual librarians.
Opportunities vary according to the level of membership.
Opportunities vary by geographic area.
Opportunities vary by region.
Opportunities vary from interpreting exhibit spaces to guiding and providing information.
Opportunities vary from region to region within the country.
Opportunities vary from special events volunteers to Spanish-speaking volunteers.
Opportunities vary from volunteer work to contract work.
Opportunities vary greatly from college to college based on numerous factors.
Opportunities vary greatly with the country or region.
Opportunities vary in length of time and program.
Opportunities vary in major requirements and locations.
Opportunities vary with grant-funded programs.
Opportunities vary with the nature of the project and with the stage of project implementation.
Opportunities vary, depending on current research interest and needs of host organizations.
Opportunities vary, depending on the current research interests and needs of host organizations.
Opportunities vary, please call for information.
Opportunities View current Hamilton County job openings.
Opportunities wait for position in Korea.
Opportunities Willingly participates in and enjoys a variety of physical activities.
Opportunity abound and nothing stands in the way.
Opportunity abounds but to the sleeper and the slothful, many pass by to pass no more.
Opportunity abounds for many.
Opportunity abounds here in Northwest Arkansas.
Opportunity abounds in Orange City.
Opportunity abounds in the environmental sector.
Opportunity abounds, perhaps like never before.
Opportunity allows situations.
Opportunity also exists for independent or collaborative research programs.
Opportunity also exists for staff and students to become facilitators in the course.
Opportunity also exists in academic institutions, private industry, and hospitals.
Opportunity also exists to develop group and team working skills depending on module choices.
Opportunity also exists to develop group and team working skills, depending on module choices.
Opportunity also plays a part.
Opportunity arises from activities.
Opportunity arises from drill activities.
Opportunity arises to both influence and be influenced.
Opportunity awaits everyone.
Opportunity brings risk.
Opportunity buys among the restaurant whether whisper New york giants collectibles.
Opportunity Call now.
Opportunity can be a subtle breeze.
Opportunity can be well disguised.
Opportunity can certainly bring out the ugly opportunist in people.
Opportunity causes a desire to surprise.
Opportunity certainly abounds.
Opportunity clearly exists for similar compensation for children.
Opportunity comes along once in a lifetime.
Opportunity comes but once.
Opportunity comes from equal treatment before the law.
Opportunity comes in weird shapes and sizes.
Opportunity comes often.
Opportunity comes to the prepared mind.
Opportunity comes with responsibility.
Opportunity continues to exist to spread art throughout the Hot Springs community.
Opportunity creates desire.
Opportunity deals with an employee s ability to perpetrate and conceal a fraud.
Opportunity defines our heritage.
Opportunity depends on conditions.
Opportunity depends on economic conditions.
Opportunity depends on experience.
Opportunity depends on local economic conditions.
Opportunity directly relates to the amount of time set aside for market analysis.
Opportunity discover Eighty beside no umbrella with either noon.
Opportunity does it all.
Opportunity drag above few description before beat juneteenth.
Opportunity enjoy through any walking shoes.
Opportunity equals temptation.
Opportunity exist for satellite offices in surrounding communities.
Opportunity exists for a broad range of experience.
Opportunity exists for a highly motivated, high energy instructor for afterschool youth class.
Opportunity exists for additional teaching in the summer.
Opportunity exists for advancement to positions such as office manager or office supervisor.
Opportunity exists for aggregating purchasing power.
Opportunity exists for an energetic, dynamic team player for the membership desk.
Opportunity exists for campus-wide collegial relationships to foster professional development.
Opportunity exists for educational advancement.
Opportunity exists for energetic individual with strong organizational and leadership skills.
Opportunity exists for excellent growth potential.
Opportunity exists for experienced and certified lifeguards for early morning, noon and afternoon.
Opportunity exists for experienced trainers in fast paced facility.
Opportunity exists for fresh start in new direction.
Opportunity exists for full service bicycle shops in other Hamilton County communities.
Opportunity exists for full-time employment in the future.
Opportunity exists for incorporating business management and psychology courses into the program.
Opportunity exists for innovative and committed entrepreneurs who wish to start their own companies.
Opportunity exists for optional offsite training during the two-year residency program.
Opportunity exists for participation in critical care management of non-trauma surgical patients.
Opportunity exists for reduced schedule during summer and term breaks.
Opportunity exists for summer employment.
Opportunity exists for teaching and collaborative research efforts in cytology.
Opportunity exists for the parts to be test marketed through campus outlets.
Opportunity exists for volunteer to conduct independent research while in Belize.
Opportunity exists for waiving certain core requirements based on previous training and experience.
Opportunity exists in countries.
Opportunity exists in develop countries.
Opportunity exists in schools, colleges or universities.
Opportunity exists in South Africa and Namibia only.
Opportunity exists in the full range of the aerospace industry.
Opportunity exists to build a valuable business and income.
Opportunity exists to buy or sell property.
Opportunity exists to buy practice.
Opportunity exists to continue beyond the academic year.
Opportunity exists to critique the investigation with the goal of improving the project.
Opportunity exists to cross-train in Cat Scan.
Opportunity exists to do development for all tiers.
Opportunity exists to gain broad administrative experience.
Opportunity exists to increase income potential.
Opportunity exists to live up to potential.
Opportunity exists to participate and develop research projects related to the lab interests.
Opportunity exists to participate in multiple sectors by acquisition.
Opportunity exists to participate in or develop independent research projects.
Opportunity exists to publish research results.
Opportunity exists to sponsor a keynote speaker from overseas.
Opportunity exists to stay in Europe after the seminar to pursue individual projects.
Opportunity exists to supervise the student volunteer summer program.
Opportunity exists to swim or rest contentedly.
Opportunity exists to teach both undergraduate and graduate courses.
Opportunity exists to train new instructors and retrain existing ones.
Opportunity exists to win friends and influence people.
Opportunity exists to work with a variety of communication disorders.
Opportunity follows difficulty.
Opportunity follows struggle.
Opportunity has a new address.
Opportunity has about three times as much money in financial stocks as it does in technology issues.
Opportunity has consequences.
Opportunity has serious consequences.
Opportunity includes great potential and competitive compensation and benefits package.
Opportunity includes participation in stem cell transplant and clinical research.
Opportunity increases likelihood.
Opportunity increases throughout one's life, but inescapable obligations tend to intensify with age.
Opportunity is a chance for advancement.
Opportunity is a compelling challenge to achieve.
Opportunity is a favorable combination of circumstances, time, and place.
Opportunity is a great thing but only if performers seize it and make it work to their advantage.
Opportunity is a stroke of good fortune which presents itself, and can be either grasped or lost.
Opportunity is a word heard less and less in day to day living.
Opportunity is afforded for independent readings and limited research reports.
Opportunity is afforded in a broad range of academic endeavors.
Opportunity is all anyone ever wanted.
Opportunity is all around, there for the taking, go out and look for it.
Opportunity is all around.
Opportunity is also available for study and experience in advertising sales, management, and layout.
Opportunity is also available for the student to perform the usual ward therapeutic procedures.
Opportunity is also available to do selected three week, three credit hour short courses.
Opportunity is also available to taste some local cheese produce before returning to Sydney.
Opportunity is always a relevant circumstance . . .
Opportunity is always at the intersection.
Opportunity is always present in the midst of a crisis.
Opportunity is always right around the corner.
Opportunity is ample.
Opportunity is an auspicious state of affairs or a suitable time.
Opportunity is an effective motivator.
Opportunity is an excellent theme for a relationship.
Opportunity is artificial satellites.
Opportunity is at hand like never before.
Opportunity is at the door to the parking lot.
Opportunity is available for experience in radiation procedures in the operating room.
Opportunity is available for questions.
Opportunity is available in Northwest or West-Central Indiana.
Opportunity is available one half-day or one full day per week as needed.
Opportunity is available to the right candidate for immediate placement.
Opportunity is based in Toronto.
Opportunity is created for the program to be fun for the everyone involved.
Opportunity is cultivated.
Opportunity is defined as the presence of circumstances that promote the use of electronic channels.
Opportunity is different.
Opportunity is disguised as hard work.
Opportunity is everywhere.
Opportunity is extended to academic, private, and federal researchers.
Opportunity is for all.
Opportunity is for employment with potential for partnership.
Opportunity is found in new places.
Opportunity is found in stating the opposite of an obvious opportunity.
Opportunity is given for administration of the departmental cafeteria.
Opportunity is given for comfort, strength, and understanding.
Opportunity is given for composing and arranging, as well as improvisation.
Opportunity is given for concentration in chemistry as well as in the allied field of biochemistry.
Opportunity is given for delegates and visitors to congratulate the candidates.
Opportunity is given for exploration in mountain sport activities.
Opportunity is given for group and individual participation to fit needs of the student.
Opportunity is given for individual reflection and application.
Opportunity is given for intercollegiate competition.
Opportunity is given for objective evaluation of the course by the students.
Opportunity is given for questions and discussion in smaller groups.
Opportunity is given for questions from the floor.
Opportunity is given the student to present a major author using a critical approach to literature.
Opportunity is given to analyze a variety of curricula.
Opportunity is given to apply decision-making processes to the major issues in biomedical ethics.
Opportunity is given to apply various teaching techniques, plans, and learning center resources.
Opportunity is given to explore longer forms, such as the novel and the stage play.
Opportunity is given to indicate first and second priorities.
Opportunity is given to participate in classroom discus sions between prisoner and campus students.
Opportunity is given to plan culture-specific nursing care.
Opportunity is given to sponsor an Indigenous participant or child from another part of the world.
Opportunity is here afforded for individual effort and the improvement of the odds and ends of time.
Opportunity is here now, clear and shining for both our countries.
Opportunity is here now, clear and shining for our countries.
Opportunity is here now, clear and shining, for both our countries.
Opportunity is here now, clear and shining.
Opportunity is here now, clear and shiny.
Opportunity is important because all children learn at different rates.
Opportunity is in the eye of the beholder much the same as an injury is a curse only to the injured.
Opportunity is indeed the name of the game in electronic commerce.
Opportunity is infinite.
Opportunity is like a bald man.
Opportunity is limited.
Opportunity is located in Central South Carolina.
Opportunity is lost.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and it looks like work.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls, and looks like work.
Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Opportunity is more powerful even than conquerors and prophets.
Opportunity is more powerful than conquerors or prophets.
Opportunity is much to large to detail in short space.
Opportunity is necessary to transcend survival, because it provides the path to prosperity.
Opportunity is never lost, it simply passes on to someone else.
Opportunity is now here.
Opportunity is nurtured only by action.
Opportunity is offered with difficulty but lost with ease.
Opportunity is often the result of discovery rather than planning .
Opportunity is one side of the coin.
Opportunity is one way to say it.
Opportunity is opportunity, and income is income.
Opportunity is possibility
Opportunity is possibility.
Opportunity is presented for exploration and specialization in depth as well as breadth.
Opportunity is presently available in the research group for an additional Ph.D. student .
Opportunity is priceless, challenging, and stimulating.
Opportunity is provide to work in our overseas offices to widen their horizons.
Opportunity is provided for a nature and scenic walk.
Opportunity is provided for actual observation and evaluation of school health programs.
Opportunity is provided for administration of the departmental cafeteria.
Opportunity is provided for adults to work at their own pace and to develop extended skills .
Opportunity is provided for all students to view their exam scripts.
Opportunity is provided for analysis of individual styles and role experimentation.
Opportunity is provided for concept analysis and development within the student s specialty area.
Opportunity is provided for experience in all phases of theatre.
Opportunity is provided for experience in group leadership.
Opportunity is provided for exposure to a range of nephrologic problems in children and adolescents.
Opportunity is provided for in-depth study in an area of specialization.
Opportunity is provided for individual participation in the research program of a faculty member.
Opportunity is provided for input from parents.
Opportunity is provided for intensive study of pastoral care within the institutional context.
Opportunity is provided for interactive discussion of questions raised by registrants.
Opportunity is provided for introduction to the patient-care process.
Opportunity is provided for observation of clinical practice.
Opportunity is provided for participation in at least one local meet.
Opportunity is provided for planning and conduction of original research.
Opportunity is provided for program exchange and sharing of experience.
Opportunity is provided for reading of both classical or modern literature.
Opportunity is provided for special investigation into topics of students interest.
Opportunity is provided for students to become active school-based researchers.
Opportunity is provided for students to experience various counseling interactions.
Opportunity is provided for students to learn to read, listen effectively and interact with others.
Opportunity is provided for students to share ideas in a friendly lab environment.
Opportunity is provided for the student to pursue special interests in the field of cytology.
Opportunity is provided for vocational teacher certification.
Opportunity is provided in rehearsal for individual and small-group vocal coaching.
Opportunity is provided to all employees based on qualifications and job requirements.
Opportunity is provided to all employees based on qualifications.
Opportunity is provided to become acquainted with concepts and possibilities for creative art.
Opportunity is provided to care for the child and family in a variety of settings.
Opportunity is provided to challenge some courses in the major.
Opportunity is provided to conduct experiments and studies on related topics.
Opportunity is provided to develop attitudes of fairness, cooperation and sportsmanship.
Opportunity is provided to develop basic computer skills and use the Internet.
Opportunity is provided to engage in meaningful dialogue with the speakers.
Opportunity is provided to engage in, and analyze, actual and simulated classroom instruction.
Opportunity is provided to engage in, and analyze, actual instruction and performances.
Opportunity is provided to involve providers in risk assumption process.
Opportunity is provided to manipulate common restorative materials.
Opportunity is provided to study different types of sales environments.
Opportunity is real in America today.
Opportunity is represented by the blue-sky background.
Opportunity is ripe for the savvy food producer or marketer to pursue it successfully.
Opportunity is situations.
Opportunity is so bound to choice.
Opportunity is still available for others to be saved.
Opportunity is still very unequal.
Opportunity is suited for everyone interested in leading a better lifestyle.
Opportunity is the chance to make it happen.
Opportunity is the discovery of possibility.
Opportunity is the first great issue.
Opportunity is the flip side of a crisis .
Opportunity is the heart of effective business.
Opportunity is the key word in developing fine motor skills.
Opportunity is the key.
Opportunity is the opposite of risk .
Opportunity is the plan of interventions to foster growth and change.
Opportunity is the reward of the prepared.
Opportunity is the same way.
Opportunity is the time they had to commit the act.
Opportunity is there for anyone who wants to take it to change the world.
Opportunity is there.
Opportunity Is There.
Opportunity is too new for details.
Opportunity is usually more important than money.
Opportunity is what draws and keeps people in our state.
Opportunity isa being.
Opportunity isa existence.
Opportunity justifies rich price.
Opportunity knocks again.
Opportunity knocks all the time.
Opportunity knocks at strange times.
Opportunity knocks at the strangest times.
Opportunity knocks but once, and often so softly that it's unnoticed.
Opportunity knocks but once.
Opportunity knocks for someone.
Opportunity knocks Forget about losing money in stocks over long periods.
Opportunity knocks here.
Opportunity knocks in Houston County.
Opportunity knocks in strange places.
Opportunity knocks more than once.
Opportunity knocks on the front door of the individual who leaves the gate open.
Opportunity knocks only once.
Opportunity knocks, but the inevitable just comes on in.
Opportunity knocks, maybe for the last time.
Opportunity leads here.
Opportunity leads to opportunity.
Opportunity lies at our feet.
Opportunity lies in cooperative ventures with Quebec and Ontario bicycle promotion efforts.
Opportunity lies where it has always been.
Opportunity lies with cooperative bicycle planning and promotion efforts.
Opportunity Look no further.
Opportunity makes a thief.
Opportunity Makes the message seem like spam.
Opportunity manages to be shaded by color and race in America.
Opportunity means giving everyone a chance to show their potential.
Opportunity means that each of our citizens is able to pursue the American dream.
Opportunity never go's away, it just go's to someone else.
Opportunity never knocks twice at any man's door.
Opportunity never knocks twice.
Opportunity occurs in regions.
Opportunity offers a two year guarantee plus bonus.
Opportunity offers an excellent income and benefits package.
Opportunity offers comparable salary plus benefits and relocation package.
Opportunity offers comparable salary with production incentives plus benefits.
Opportunity offers great pay.
Opportunity offers itself every day.
Opportunity only comes once in a while.
Opportunity only knocks once, and it knocks lightly.
Opportunity only knocks once.
Opportunity passes like a cloud.
Opportunity permeates our folklore.
Opportunity presents itself and somebody is going to take advantage of it.
Opportunity presents itself.
Opportunity relates to growth.
Opportunity relates to human growth.
Opportunity relates to human population growth.
Opportunity relates to population growth.
Opportunity relates to professional skills.
Opportunity relates to skills.
Opportunity requires a set schedule.
Opportunity requires experience in the high tech sheet metal and electronic communications industry.
Opportunity rises toward few description before drag frank mccourt biography.
Opportunity shines on the water.
Opportunity starts at the base of the growth curve.
Opportunity starts with a living being, a monkey for example.
Opportunity stop until the soldier or furnish fertility chart.
Opportunity Take over the world market for tech news.
Opportunity there are many, many access points to the Internet.
Opportunity Try our new air ticket search engine.
Opportunity waits for no one.
Opportunity waits for the man or woman who is ready to take charge.
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming.
Opportunity always comes to the one who performs the daily duties well.
Opportunity always exists in times of great flux.
Opportunity always involves some risk.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune time.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune times.
Opportunities frequently arise for our lawyers to work directly with clients as secondees.
Opportunities frequently exist for travel abroad and to other independent schools.
Opportunities frequently exist when commuting on public transportation and when traveling.
Opportunities often arise for both hunters to score a trophy moose or caribou at the same time.
Opportunities often arise from advertisements in magazines receiving overseas distribution.
Opportunities often arise to work in other company locations overseas.
Opportunities often arise when playing a game or looking at a book.
Opportunities often arise which enhance our abilities to teach and practice.
Opportunities often come disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
Opportunities often exist for graduate students to participate in industrially supported research.
Opportunities often rise from an informed conversation.
Opportunities often stem from the identified weaknesses.
Opportunity often comes by accident, but readiness never does.
Opportunity often comes disguised in work clothes.
Opportunity often comes in a routine event.
Opportunity often poses challenges to students.
Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly.
Opportunity sometimes presents itself in the form of adversity.
Opportunities usually abound in any given area.
Opportunities usually exist where social interaction occurs on a regular basis.
Opportunity usually knocks very softly.
All opportunities are available individually or as packages.
All opportunities are equally open to men and women.
All opportunities are freelance with potential for staff.
All opportunities are in Maryland, Northern Virginia and the District of Columbia.
All opportunities are open for review.
All opportunities are open to undergraduates and graduate students, unless otherwise noted.
All opportunities are subject to visa availability.
All opportunities carry a money-back guarantee.
All opportunities listed are subject to change and availability at the time a gift is received.
All opportunities listed here are open to artists unless otherwise specified.
All opportunities start out looking like snakes.
Any opportunity is considered.
Every opportunity brings a different set of challenges.
Every opportunity comes with a difficulty, and every difficulty comes with an opportunity.
Every opportunity competes for time and focus.
Every opportunity has a time window.
Every opportunity here is a legitimate work at home business.
Every opportunity is a potential learning opportunity.
Every opportunity is afforded the student to engage in healthful exercise.
Every opportunity is given for employees to contribute to the fullest extent of their ability.
Every opportunity is given to the students to display and present their work for public appraisal.
Every opportunity is made available to the members to become better informed.
Every opportunity is open to girls.
Every opportunity is provided for the student to gain mastery through practice.
Every opportunity is taken to encourage students to use the technology available.
Every opportunity is taken to encourage students to use the technologyavailable.
Every opportunity is taken to foster a life of worship.
Every opportunity is taken to involve the congregation.
Every opportunity is taken to set one version against the other.
Every opportunity is taken to support the client's abilities to aid motivation to change.
Every opportunity is used as a chance to learn something new.
Every opportunity is utilised to derogate and blaspheme the true Islamic point of view.
Every opportunity presents unique challenges.
Every opportunity starts out looking like a snake.
Many opportunities abound for all age groups and interests.
Many opportunities are also available in fields of music publishing and commercial music.
Many opportunities are also available through an ongoing intramural program.
Many opportunities are available as a result of our well organized program.
Many opportunities are available for clincal laboratory research.
Many opportunities are available for clinic.
Many opportunities are available for clinical or basic research during the fellowship.
Many opportunities are available for flexible hours and part-time employment.
Many opportunities are available for involvement.
Many opportunities are available for leadership and service offered on campus and in the community.
Many opportunities are available for learning at conferences around the state or nation.
Many opportunities are available for participation.
Many opportunities are available for professional development and personal expression.
Many opportunities are available for research and field experience.
Many opportunities are available for research in physics.
Many opportunities are available for school counselors to collaborate for student success.
Many opportunities are available for students from all majors.
Many opportunities are available for summer research training at other locations.
Many opportunities are available for the right person.
Many opportunities are available in business for people with science backgrounds.
Many opportunities are available in English-speaking countries.
Many opportunities are available in the area of planned gifts.
Many opportunities are available in the area of planned giving.
Many opportunities are available in the Knoxville area to study performing arts.
Many opportunities are available in the sciences as well as the humanities and social sciences.
Many opportunities are available only during special windows of opportunity.
Many opportunities are available to become involved in campus life.
Many opportunities are available to commemorate a benefactor's generosity.
Many opportunities are available to help Michigan breathe a little easier.
Many opportunities are available to help Ohio breathe a little easier.
Many opportunities are available to help the East Bay breathe a little easier.
Many opportunities are available to help Virginia breathe a little easier.
Many opportunities are available to learn for the affiliating physical therapy student.
Many opportunities are available to meet differing teacher needs.
Many opportunities are available to members who wish to compete.
Many opportunities are available to pilot new hardware and software applications.
Many opportunities are available to provide a wide variety of goods and services.
Many opportunities are available to recognize the names of major contributors.
Many opportunities are available to reduce, reuse, recycle, substitute, or eliminate solvent usage.
Many opportunities are available to students in their senior year to gain off campus experience.
Many opportunities are available to students.
Many opportunities are available with agribusinesses and government agencies.
Many opportunities are available.
Many opportunities are free.
Many opportunities are open for volunteers between now and the time of the festival.
Many opportunities are open to volunteers from animal care, to events, and customer relations.
Many opportunities are to be had.
Many opportunities are voluntary, but some provide a small salary or stipend.
Many opportunities arise for ICPs to use their data to improve infection prevention strategies.
Many opportunities arise for regular interaction.
Many opportunities arise from being in the right place at the right time.
Many opportunities arise on a daily basis to teach the skills of problem solving.
Many opportunities avail.
Many opportunities await explorers of Maine's natural landscape.
Many opportunities await for winter campers, snowshoers and skiers.
Many opportunities await our graduates.
Many opportunities await young artists of all levels of experience.
Many opportunities can arise in a practical sense.
Many opportunities currently exist in Web design and Web programming for the Internet.
Many opportunities exist for assisting the state organization.
Many opportunities exist for boating, skiing, fishing, hunting, hiking, and mountain biking.
Many opportunities exist for both young and old.
Many opportunities exist for broad interaction within the biomedical community on campus.
Many opportunities exist for careers with federal, state and local government agencies.
Many opportunities exist for Christian young adults to work as part of our camp staffs.
Many opportunities exist for computer science or computer related majors at upper division colleges.
Many opportunities exist for considering a custom project.
Many opportunities exist for creatively applying technical skills toward library issues.
Many opportunities exist for engineers who wish to work in foreign countries.
Many opportunities exist for entry into the cattle industry.
Many opportunities exist for experimentation in design and decoration.
Many opportunities exist for fishing, boating and canoeing.
Many opportunities exist for future public input.
Many opportunities exist for gifted and talented students.
Many opportunities exist for giving back to the community.
Many opportunities exist for graduate education and post-doctoral research in nuclear chemistry.
Many opportunities exist for greater professional development.
Many opportunities exist for helping developers make ecologically sound decisions.
Many opportunities exist for helping the golf community make ecologically sound decisions.
Many opportunities exist for individual initiatives.
Many opportunities exist for interaction with students at other area colleges and universities.
Many opportunities exist for international studies and special internships.
Many opportunities exist for listening, composing and performing.
Many opportunities exist for members to develop leadership skills.
Many opportunities exist for members.
Many opportunities exist for movement into different areas of expertise, often outside the lab.
Many opportunities exist for networking specialists in the workplace.
Many opportunities exist for on the job training.
Many opportunities exist for our students to develop leadership and life skills.
Many opportunities exist for parents and community members to be involved in school based decisions.
Many opportunities exist for parents to be actively involved and appreciated in the school.
Many opportunities exist for parents to serve through parent organizations.
Many opportunities exist for participation by both children and adults.
Many opportunities exist for people to come together for fun and fellowship.
Many opportunities exist for personal and professional development.
Many opportunities exist for project funding.
Many opportunities exist for purchasing permits on some of Utah's finest limited entry units.
Many opportunities exist for research experience with a faculty member.
Many opportunities exist for roleplaying as well among the various railmen and passengers.
Many opportunities exist for schools, business or other organizations to volunteer as a group.
Many opportunities exist for schools, businesses or other organizations to volunteer as a group.
Many opportunities exist for science teachers who wish to engage in Christian service overseas.
Many opportunities exist for sightseeing in California.
Many opportunities exist for soldiers and their spouses to do volunteer work.
Many opportunities exist for student leadership at our school.
Many opportunities exist for student participation in faculty research and design projects.
Many opportunities exist for students to be an integral part of the helping network on campus.
Many opportunities exist for students to participate in externally funded research projects.
Many opportunities exist for students to participate in extracurricular activities.
Many opportunities exist for students who wish to expand their photography and journalism skills.
Many opportunities exist for students with an interest in science and management.
Many opportunities exist for students.
Many opportunities exist for study in the larger global environment, as well.
Many opportunities exist for suppliers of resale merchandise.
Many opportunities exist for teachers to be actively involved in decisionmaking.
Many opportunities exist for temporary and part-time workers.
Many opportunities exist for the creative type.
Many opportunities exist for travel to historical and cultural sites.
Many opportunities exist for vendors of training programs, content, and delivery systems.
Many opportunities exist for volunteers to share their time and talents.
Many opportunities exist from sports to animal shows.
Many opportunities exist in insurance for people without specific insurance training.
Many opportunities exist in jobs throughout services and manufacturing, in management of all types.
Many opportunities exist in new media including multimedia software and Web content development.
Many opportunities exist in our school for students to participate in extra curricular activities.
Many opportunities exist in real estate sales and brokerage locally, regionally and nationally.
Many opportunities exist in terms of land availability within Mansfield.
Many opportunities exist in the leaf lettuce market.
Many opportunities exist in the manufacturing industries for the machinist.
Many opportunities exist in the United States for careers in the wood-based industry.
Many opportunities exist locally for employment in the culinary industry.
Many opportunities exist locally for employment in the hospitality industry.
Many opportunities exist on and off campus for students to seek spiritual growth.
Many opportunities exist on campus to work on student publications.
Many opportunities exist to contribute to the success of the planetarium.
Many opportunities exist to improve the efficiency of a lighting system.
Many opportunities exist to make a difference.
Many opportunities exist to maximize efficiencies and enhance satisfaction.
Many opportunities exist to reduce environmental risks, save resources, and protect public health.
Many opportunities exist to study English in other countries.
Many opportunities exist to volunteer.
Many opportunities exist which the neighborhood is pursuing.
Many opportunities exist with municipalities, industry, consulting firms, and government agencies.
Many opportunities exist within the natural science field.
Many opportunities exist within the public sector.
Many opportunities exist worldwide to expand the export market for our crops.
Many opportunities exist, but each situation is unique and requires site-specific analyses.
Many opportunities exist, particularly in the Southeast.
Many opportunities exist.
Many opportunities exists here for waterfowl viewing and fishing.
Many opportunities go virtually unnoticed.
Many opportunities lie ahead for APNs.
Many opportunities lie ahead.
Many opportunities now exist to combine the two fields.
Many opportunities present themselves in the misfortune of others.
Many opportunities remain for new and innovative golf programs featuring the destination.
Many opportunities remain to further improve the specimen management process.
Many opportunities require a student to submit a proposal and letters of support.
Many opportunities require much advance planning and waiting.
Many opportunities result.
Many opportunities slip by when a person falls out of touch.
Many opportunities still exist for individuals and organizations to play an important role.
More opportunities are also available for archers and muzzleloader hunters.
More opportunities are available now than ever in recent history.
More opportunities are available than ever before.
More opportunities are in trade and business magazines than on consumer periodicals.
More opportunities are sure to follow.
More opportunities are under development.
More opportunities exist for auto dealerships as well as other auto-related businesses.
More opportunities exist for inspectors willing to travel throughout the region.
More opportunities exist to reach the needy of the world than ever before.
More opportunities exist.
More opportunities lie in livestock insurance and health and life insurance.
More opportunity also means more competition.
More opportunity exists for entertainment lawyers in the three primary markets.
More opportunity exists in the frontcourt, and pencil in a freshman starter.
Most opportunities are available to psychologists with doctoral degrees.
Most opportunities are in the Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, and Philadelphia areas.
Most opportunities are power-related with some low voltage EE opportunities.
Most opportunities are weekdays, while the kids are in school.
Most opportunities are with established architectural firms.
Most opportunities come through associations, contacts and personal recommendations.
Most opportunities lie in procurement and sales and distribution.
Most opportunities lie in the hardware industry or in engineering at software companies.
Most opportunities offer a flexible schedule including days, evenings or weekends.
Most opportunities present themselves only once.
Most opportunities require an employment minimum of twenty hours per week for a quarter.
Most opportunities require experience in the computer industry.
Most opportunities result from turnover, rather than growth.
Most opportunity allows situations.
Most opportunity arises from activities.
Most opportunity arises from drill activities.
Most opportunity depends on conditions.
Most opportunity depends on economic conditions.
Most opportunity depends on experience.
Most opportunity depends on local economic conditions.
Most opportunity exists in countries.
Most opportunity exists in develop countries.
Most opportunity has consequences.
Most opportunity has serious consequences.
Most opportunity increases likelihood.
Most opportunity leads to opportunity.
Most opportunity occurs in regions.
Most opportunity relates to growth.
Most opportunity relates to human growth.
Most opportunity relates to human population growth.
Most opportunity relates to population growth.
Most opportunity relates to professional skills.
Most opportunity relates to skills.
Much opportunity is offered to enjoy sports.
Some opportunities also exist for faculty and post-grad students.
Some opportunities are available during the work week, but most needs are on evenings and weekends.
Some opportunities are available for non-majors.
Some opportunities are available for staff to pilot new hardware and software applications.
Some opportunities are just better than others.
Some opportunities are local and some are nationwide.
Some opportunities are merely life distractions.
Some opportunities are open to U.S. citizens, some to citizens of other countries, and some to both.
Some opportunities are physical work while other service meets mental or emotional needs.
Some opportunities are single meetings and some are sequential.
Some opportunities are subject to specific project funding.
Some opportunities are too good to be true.
Some opportunities are too great to be ignored.
Some opportunities can enrich the lives of others as much as our own Spring is here.
Some opportunities come once in a lifetime.
Some opportunities come only once.
Some opportunities come open throughout the year.
Some opportunities do exist for on-campus employment.
Some opportunities exist at the corporate home office.
Some opportunities exist for niche design engineering skills.
Some opportunities exist for overload and summer teaching.
Some opportunities exist for teaching at the college and university levels.
Some opportunities exist for testimony during legislative committee hearings.
Some opportunities exist in community, adult education and summer camp programs.
Some opportunities exist in libraries for part-time work.
Some opportunities exist in other towns and cities.
Some opportunities exist in specialist departments of large advertising and marketing agencies.
Some opportunities exist to get in at a lower level, but most require a high investment.
Some opportunities exist to live with a Mt. Pleasant family.
Some opportunities exist to teach other fields of study as well.
Some opportunities occur only during the summer camping season.
Some opportunities offer academic credit and competitive wages.
Some opportunities only come along once in a while.
Some opportunities provide patient contact and others focus on research.
Some opportunities remain in the military.
Some opportunity becomes reality.
Some opportunity contributes to survival.
Some opportunity exists for students to enter the program later than the end of the freshman year.
Some opportunity exists for summer employment.
Some opportunity exists for the conduct of appropriate applied research.
Some opportunity helps workers.
Some opportunity involves exploitation.
Some opportunity is caused by events.
Some opportunity leads to insight.
Some opportunity leads to new insight.
Some opportunity relates to obesity.
Opposable thumbs enable grasping.
Opposable thumbs help the primates to securely grasp the branches of the trees.
Opposable thumbs is a main characteristic of primates.
Opposable thumbs make possible precise movements such as grasping small objects.
Oppose players use rooms.
Opposed systems lend themselves to control by feedback.
Opposing model is needed if bite is close.
Opposing philosophies are in effect in different countries.
Opposing side is supposed to have a view, defense or assertion.
Opposing team has one fielder on third base and one on first base.
Opposing views are welcome.
Opposing viewpoints are present.
Opposing viewpoints are welcome as long as they remain respectful of other people's views.
Opposing wedges ensure a tight tool fit, even after years of use.
Opposite angles are also supplementary.
Opposite angles are congruent.
Opposite angles are equal.
Opposite angles are supplementary, also by definition of a isosceles trapezoid.
Opposite angles are supplements.
Some opposite approaches lead to growth.
Some opposite approaches lead to rapid growth.
Opposite arrows are mirror images of each other across the sphere.
Opposite assumptions produce more pessimism.
Opposite charges attract .
Opposite charges attract and bond to each other.
Opposite charges attract and like charges repel.
Opposite charges attract and similar charges repel.
Opposite charges attract and stick together.
Opposite charges attract each other and like charges repel each other.
Opposite charges attract each other, while like charges repel each other.
Opposite charges attract each other.
Opposite charges attract one another.
Opposite charges attract which causes the electrons to be attracted to the protons.
Opposite charges attract while like charges repel.
Opposite charges attract, and they behave as if they are connected by invisible rubber bands.
Opposite charges attract, just as with magnets.
Opposite charges attract, so the positive and negative charges are pulled toward each other.
Opposite charges attract, which keeps the toner on the photoconductor.
Opposite charges attract.
Opposite charges deflect in opposite directions.
Opposite charges form attractive forces.
Opposite charges repel.
Opposite colors are called complementary .
Opposite colors are called complementary.
Opposite colors are complementary.
Opposite colors are more affective against one another, as are people with opposite innate colors.
Opposite colors make natural darkeners for one another because they pull into use the full spectrum.
Opposite corners work best.
Opposite cuts produce blunt ends, while staggered cuts produce sticky ends.
Opposite drill start with ball in the left hand.
Opposite ears help sound.
Most opposite ears help sound.
Some opposite effects explain results.
Opposite examples are numerous.
Opposite faces are parallel, and each face meets both the top and bottom at right angles.
Opposite fields attract, similar fields repel.
Opposite forces cause the thrust of the rocket.
Opposite forces produce torque.
Most opposite forces produce torque.
Some opposite forces act on sides.
Some opposite forces cause motion.
Opposite head is a hanging locker.
Opposite ideas are competing ideas.
Opposite kebab stands on the right going towards the park.
Opposite lung gets the entire cardiac output and the vascular markings become prominant.
Opposite meanings work only for some words.
Opposite personalities can compliment one another if they try to understand the other's perspective.
Opposite poles are attracted to each other, while the same poles repel each other.
Opposite poles attract and like poles repel.
Opposite poles attract each other while like poles repel.
Opposite poles attract each other, while like poles repel each other.
Opposite poles move toward each other and alike poles move away from each other.
Opposite poles pull toward each other, and similar poles push away from each other.
Opposite rays are two collinear rays with the same endpoint.
Opposite segments are of the same colour and lighter colours serve best here.
Opposite side features a lever style spring clip to hold paper.
Opposite side has a flap panel with exterior zipper pocket and opens to a supplies organizer.
Opposite side is machine white wood look.
Opposite side is nearly identical.
Opposite side is printed in two colours.
Opposite side is solid colored with inlaid turquoise and coral heartline.
Opposite side is solid silvery colored.
Opposite side is white.
Opposite sides are congruent .
Opposite sides are equal in length.
Opposite sides are equal.
Opposite sides are parallel .
Opposite sides are parallel.
Opposite sides have the same area.
Opposite suit signals.
Opposite trends are dangerous.
An opposite is a word
Opposite is Burma.
Opposites also hold each other in balance and exert mutual control.
Opposites are a great learning technique.
Opposites are also illusion.
Opposites are amusing.
Opposites are bent over and lashed to the other sides opposite, making a long row of arches.
Opposites are funny.
Opposites are identical but different in degree.
Opposites are only two extremes of the same thing, with many varying degrees between.
Opposites are true.
Opposites are usually on or about the same thing.
Opposites attract and likes repel.
Opposites attract and romantic comedy ensues.
Opposites attract and similars attract.
Opposites attract and the stick together, or bond.
Opposites attract and thus the dirt and dust is trapped in the water.
Opposites attract as much as they repel.
Opposites attract in magnetism but repel in human relationships.
Opposites attract in wine pairing too.
Opposites attract one another.
Opposites attract they say.
Opposites attract when it comes to charged molecules.
Opposites attract when Mars and Venus collide.
Opposites attract wisdom is the central theme.
Opposites attract with regard to electrical charges.
Opposites attract, and likes repel.
Opposites attract, and positive and negative ions are no exception.
Opposites attract, and the dust particles collect on the plates.
Opposites attract, and water is no different.
Opposites attract,' as the saying goes.
Opposites attract, it is said.
Opposites attract, opposites butt heads, and opposites make up.
Opposites attract, they say.
Opposites can be exciting.
Opposites can both have some truth.
Opposites clash so much that marriage can be a war zone.
Opposites combine to make a whole.
Opposites do attract and each can share with the other new and different aspects of life.
Opposites do attract even when they're the same sex.
Opposites do attract, at least for a while that is.
Opposites do attract, it seems.
Opposites do attract.
Opposites Have the group experience opposites.
Opposites improve marriage.
Opposites really do attract.
Opposites seem to attract.
Opposites sit down and glare, but leave the war for another time, another place.
Opposites take on a new meaning when illustrated by a gang of personable dinosaurs.
Opposites take on a whole new meaning when illustrated by a gang of personable dinosaurs.
Opposites then define our world, and provide the grand illusion of safety.
Opposites always attract.
Opposites often attract and then have to work out their personality differences.
Opposites often attract.
All opposites dissolve into the ground of being.
All opposites exist alone and together.
All opposites make up the whole.
Opposition groups allege electoral malpractice.
Opposition groups cite numerous bases for witholding U.S. ratification.
Opposition groups exist outside the country.
Opposition groups form almost overnight.
Opposition groups have no real public voice on the island.
Opposition groups operate radio stations and publish propaganda newspapers.
Opposition groups succeed in unleashing a wave of anti-austerity protests against the government.
Opposition leaders are clearly wary.
Opposition leaders are sent into exile.
Opposition leaders deny playing a race card to whip up popular political support.
Opposition leaders express similar sentiments.
Opposition leaders have yet to respond to the report.
Opposition leaders oppose a reintroduction of sanctions, saying they hurt only ordinary people.
Opposition leaders say the killing is a sign of a breakdown in the rule of law.
Many opposition leaders are sympathetic to reinstating a constitutional monarchy in Yugoslavia.
Some opposition leaders feel their victory is too decisive for the regime to ignore.
Opposition parties allege that the announcement is blatant electioneering.
Opposition parties are active and influential within the limits of the system.
Opposition parties are against a postponement.
Opposition parties are confused and disappointed.
Opposition parties are relatively free to criticize the government.
Opposition parties can cite the corruption of the previous government to gain political advantage.
Opposition parties claim fraud.
Opposition parties claim the government has in effect put the city under a state of siege.
Opposition parties disappear.
Opposition parties exist and are active.
Opposition parties express states.
Opposition parties gain ground .
Opposition parties hold a majority of the seats in parliament.
Opposition parties operate freely.
Opposition parties operate in fear and, lately, in exile.
Opposition parties publish several newsletters and other publications.
Opposition parties receive only limited access to government media.
Opposition parties request control of second TV channel.
Opposition parties tend to be weak.
Opposition parties think the decision sets a dangerous precedent.
Opposition parties threaten to boycott merdeka talks.
Opposition party condemns frequency tender rules.
Most Opposition parties are likely to vote against the changes.
Most opposition parties express states.
Some opposition parties express hesitation.
Opposition research is important.
Opposition abounds even in regard to simply researching the possible benefits of the drug.
Opposition also seems to be growing to the proposed Toltec plant.
Opposition appears to be growing fastest in the developing world.
Opposition appears to be slim.
Opposition arises from a most unlikely source, the religious institution.
Opposition arises from fact, myth or cherished belief.
Opposition arises when citizens or officials move into the sensitive area of proposing regulations.
Opposition based on misinformation is the easiest type of resistance to overcome.
Opposition becomes just an effect.
Opposition begins to form.
Opposition brings concord.
Opposition builds in the weeks before the state's final environmental signoff.
Opposition can arise from many sources.
Opposition can be very educational.
Opposition can lead either to a maintenance or revocation of the patent.
Opposition can lead to maintenance, possibly in amended form, or revocation of the patent.
Opposition can never be an end in itself.
Opposition can take two or three years.
Opposition comes from a number of sources.
Opposition comes from conservatives.
Opposition comes from many sources.
Opposition comes from ranchers and timber companies.
Opposition comes from the same camps that joined to defeat similar plans in the past.
Opposition comes mostly from historians, vexillologists and some political groups.
Opposition comes on three fronts.
Opposition complains of falling revenues.
Opposition continues to build.
Opposition continues to grow.
Opposition demands broad-based government towards early elections.
Opposition demands radical political, economic, and social changes.
Opposition does exist.
Opposition drops in surveys when consumers are told of prospective attributes.
Opposition exposes a person's internal conflicts.
Opposition feels good, and so people cling to their oppositions fiercely.
Opposition gets possession if ball hits ground.
Opposition goes further than the occasional dinnertime chat with a pollster.
Opposition grows against proposed water service charges.
Opposition happens quite naturally due to existing social tensions.
Opposition has focused on the turbine project because, say vocal activists, it is the last straw.
Opposition has to be believable to function at all.
Opposition has yet to be determined.
Opposition here is the toughest.
Opposition is a hard and lonely trail.
Opposition is a human construct.
Opposition is a staple of a devout and active Christian life.
Opposition is a vote for big money.
Opposition is addressed and rebutted.
Opposition is also the point at which a planet is closest to Earth.
Opposition is also the testing of our faith and ability to endure hardness as a good soldier.
Opposition is also when a planet is closest to the earth.
Opposition is always at work in everything in the universe.
Opposition is an action
Opposition is an important yardstick of success.
Opposition is anticipated.
Opposition is bands.
Opposition is bodies.
Opposition is centred on the nationalist, socialist and communist parties.
Opposition is contestants.
Opposition is dependent on the other.
Opposition is depersonalized by characterization.
Opposition is direction.
Opposition is embedded in the very nature of narrative.
Opposition is error and error has no rights.
Opposition is especially strong in Britain.
Opposition is expressed from pro-tobacco groups.
Opposition is fierce.
Opposition is key to maintaining the energy of the scene.
Opposition is legion.
Opposition is like iniquity and idolatry.
Opposition is likely to come from large insurers.
Opposition is now entirely underground.
Opposition is overwhelming.
Opposition is parties.
Opposition is relations.
Opposition is scant and focused on technical issues at the margins.
Opposition is solid.
Opposition is sometimes hard to face.
Opposition is still strong to business interests having a heavy hand in education.
Opposition is strong and vocal however - a healthy sign in Africa.
Opposition is strongest, of course, in the Middle East.
Opposition is sure to come from the major oil companies and fuel suppliers.
Opposition is the aspect of cooperation.
Opposition is the point in a planet's orbit when it appears opposite the sun in our sky.
Opposition is therefore inevitable.
Opposition is true friendship.
Opposition is true Friendship.
Opposition is True Friendship.
Opposition is unknown.
Opposition is when a planet is opposite the sun in our sky.
Opposition isa action.
Opposition means that a planet is opposite the sun in the sky and is visible all night.
Opposition only exists in name.
Opposition only serves to strengthen their dogged determination.
Opposition opts out of elections.
Opposition refers to pairs of elements that contrast sharply.
Opposition remains among owners, but it has decreased significantly in recent months.
Opposition runs strong in the ecotourism industry.
Opposition seems insurmountable.
Opposition seems to have been on the increase both political , religious and spiritual.
Opposition starts stirring.
Opposition still exists but is increasingly marginalized.
Opposition stretches into the establishment itself.
Opposition takes place about once per year as the Earth speeds by the slower-moving giant planet.
Opposition testifies to chain-gang bill.
Opposition unites .
Opposition wants state TV under external supervision.
Oppositions also differ from lawsuits in the scope of the issues.
Oppositions are also good times for spotting the brighter asteroids in binoculars.
Oppositions are always in favour of depoliticising government advertisements.
Oppositions are like mirrors.
Oppositions are quite rare.
Oppositions are what create polaraities, and polarities are what create wars.
Oppositions create tension.
Oppositions is a very lopsided, irregular sounding tune at first.
Oppositions normally focus narrowly on the issue of likelihood of confusion.
Oppositions always create a choice between two things.
Oppositions often relate to conflicts in relationships.
Opposition usually comes when competitive businesses locate downtown with the help of the community.
Opposition usually leads to conflict.
All opposition is destroyed.
All opposition is silenced, including the assassination of the prime minister.
All opposition wants is insurrection, war and terror.
All oppositions come together in silence.
All oppositions mix to a neutral gray.
Any opposition only stokes their zeal.
Every opposition is anticipated in advance.
Every opposition is motivated by fear.
Every opposition is subsumed by a whole.
More opposition occurs as new characters are introduced.
Most opposition is focused on increased taxes.
Most oppositions come into office pledging themselves to end the culture of secrecy.
Some opposition has chances.
Some opposition has real chances.
Some opposition is difficult to understand.
Some opposition is understandable.
Some oppositions are better than others.
Oppositional behavior is common in both preschool children and in adolescents.
Oppositional kids plan to defy, whereas ADD kids do it spontaneously, impulsively.
Oppositional parties are always eager in promising anti-corruption campaigns.
Oppositional practices exist in writing as well, including science writing.
Oppression of women is the result of removing their rights.
Oppression applies to the same groups of people that discrimination does.
Oppression breeds oppression.
Oppression breeds terrorism.
Oppression can come from other directions.
Oppression can do wonders for a rock career.
Oppression can have a very strong inflence on one's life.
Oppression can take the form of excluding entire categories of people.
Oppression comes from hate.
Oppression comes from the concept of being weighted down, and is often shown as such.
Oppression creates the power that crushes it.
Oppression deepens Israel's conception of justice.
Oppression follows condemnation.
Oppression follows rebellion, as night follows day.
Oppression has a terrible smell.
Oppression is a drag, dreams liberate, love conquers all.
Oppression is a fundamental, necessary part of capitalism, and can only be destroyed along with it.
Oppression is a negative force, and as long as it exists, everyone is impacted.
Oppression is a table now turned in Galilee and Gaza.
Oppression is a terrible experience in any context, but especially in marriage.
Oppression is common in America, the land of the free, and comes in many forms.
Oppression is complex, and the way different oppressions interact is complex.
Oppression is d efined as forced submission, homosexuality as a sign of weakness.
Oppression is depressions.
Oppression is ghastly and our news papers and TV screens report plenty of it.
Oppression is hard to quantify.
Oppression is in the eyes of the oppressed.
Oppression is institutional, it's cultural, it's pervasive.
Oppression is one of the ways they do that.
Oppression is oppression.
Oppression is persecution
Oppression is persecution.
Oppression is possible when government does more than ensure justice.
Oppression is the grain of daily life.
Oppression is the misuse of power to the detriment of others.
Oppression is the operative word in Burma.
Oppression is what they remember of their lives in that country.
Oppression is worse than killing.
Oppression is wrong .
Oppression needs an oppressor, and being abused an abuser.
Oppression never justifies more oppression.
Oppression occurs when someone with power uses it against a less-empowered person.
Oppression requires the oppressed to be vulnerable.
Oppression rises at dawn and refuses to set.
Oppression takes many forms.
Oppression takes two major forms, external and internal.
Oppression always claims two victims.
Oppression often leads to revolution and the human quest for freedom and liberty of conscience.
All oppression is bad.
All oppressions originate within the nuclear family structure.
Oppressive bosses use the same method, though the tactics differ.
Oppressive debt is like peonage.
Oppressive fathers create damaged children.
Oppressive government causes some people to commit violent acts.
Oppressive governments can lead to a rebellion.
Oppressive laws can have unintended consequences.
Oppressive people sacrifice others.
Oppressive regimes are on the wane worldwide.
Oppressive silence becomes internalized resulting in a poor self-concept.
Oppressive weather can lead to labored breathing.
An oppressor is a person
Oppressors use ignorance as their tools.
An opprobrium is dishonor
Opprobrium has a few bits on-line.
Opprobrium is disgrace resulting from shameful actions .
OPR latency is monitored separately.
Any Opscan model is acceptable.
Opsins are G protein coupled receptors and have seven transmembrane domains.
An opsonin is an antibody
Opsonin isa antibody.
Opsonins activate macrophages to increase phagocytosis and to release cytokines.
Opsonins have (part) atoms.
Opsonins have (part) chemical chain.
Opsonins have (part) chemical groups.
Opsonization is an activity
Opsonization is the process of a. coating pathogen with antibody b.
Opthalmic exams are an important part of the regular physical exam in the older pet.
Optic aphasia is the prime example.
Optic ataxia is a disturbance of visually guided reaching behavior.
Optic atrophy develops with time.
Optic atrophy is an infrequent complication.
Optic atrophy is another key symptom.
An optic chiasm is a structure
Optic chiasm is formed by crossing of the optic nerves from the eyes.
An optic chiasma is a structure
Optic chiasma is the site of crossing of optic nerve fibers to form the optic tract.
Optic components are key linkages in optic fibre networks.
An optic cup is a structure
Optic cups present.
Optic fiber is a relatively new and rapidly advancing technology.
Optic fibers follow aberrant pathways from rotated eyes in Xenopus.
Optic flow helps humans learn to navigate through synthetic environments.
Optic flow is used to control human walking.
Optic glioma is classified as an astrocytoma .
Optic gliomas are growths along the optic nerve that goes from the eye to the brain.
An optic nerve is a cranial nerve
Optic nerve is normal bilaterally.
Optic nerve is the nerve of vision.
Optic nerves are cranial nerves.
Optic nerves are nerves.
Optic nerves are part of visual systems.
Optic nerves are sensory nerves.
Optic nerves vary in their ability to resist the damaging effects of intraocular pressure.
Optic neuritis causes pain and a rapid, often extreme, loss of vision.
Optic neuritis implies a separate site of involvement in the optic nerve.
Optic neuritis is a common presenting symptom.
Optic neuritis is a rare contraindication.
Optic neuritis is an inflammation of the optic nerve that connects to the back of the eye.
Optic neuritis is diseases.
Optic neuritis is the medical term used to describe an inflammation of the optic nerve.
Optic neuritis is the most common optic nerve disease to affect young people.
Optic neuritis is the most frequent and serious adverse effect of ethambutol.
Optic neuropathy is a recognized complication of treatment with the drug ethambutol.
Optic neuropathy is treated with steroids, radiation, and orbital decompression surgery.
Optic sign is negative like most, naturally occuring, uniaxial gemstones.
An optic tract is a cranial nerve
Optic tract reach a number of structures in the brain as follows.
Optic vesicle is an outgrowth of the diencephalon.
An optic is a sense organ
Optic needs to be cleaned.
Optics are a funny thing.
Optics are an important part of hawk watching.
Optics are beautiful and mechanics are perfect.
Optics are computer designed for maximum performance.
Optics are crystal clear.
Optics are custom built for each customer.
Optics are diffraction limited and satisfaction guaranteed.
Optics are excellent and there is a good selection of lens colors.
Optics are excellent.
Optics are functional.
Optics are in clean condition.
Optics are nothing to wince from either.
Optics are outstanding.
Optics are perfect.
Optics are physics.
Optics are properties.
Optics are scratch free and in good condition.
Optics are soft, blurry and hand-painted or sharp, techno and cyber.
Optics are the heart of any comparator.
Optics are world class.
Optics can play an important role in ensuring a healthy U.S. manufacturing enterprise.
Optics destroys light.
Optics dry all evening.
Optics gradient refractive index medium.
Optics has a long history when it comes to astronomy and space exploration.
Optics has expertise in the design of lens arrays for passive infrared sensor applications.
Optics has some new digs.
Optics has the advantage of being flashy.
Optics have a special coating to eliminate glare.
Optics Includes optical components, systems, mechanics and manufacturing techniques.
Optics includes study of dispersion of light.
Optics is an extraordinarily strong and dynamic field.
Optics is an ideal way to do that.
Optics is an important part of the curriculum.
Optics is both a science and an area of engineering.
Optics is both ubiquitous and facilitative.
Optics is on the way to revolutionizing medicine and surgery.
Optics is part of everyday life.
Optics is that part of physics which deals with light.
Optics is the key to many applications.
Optics is the only way to meet the capacity constraints.
Optics is the science dealing with the behavior of light.
Optics is the science of working with light.
Optics is the study of light and how light travels through different objects in different ways.
Optics is the study of light.
Optics is the study of the nature and behavior of light.
Optics is the use of light to transmit data.
Optics magnify and produce a real image that is projected and imaged upon a screen.
Optics make use of total internal reflection .
Optics now dominates fast measurements in all areas of science.
Optics offers leading test and measurement components for a variety of applications.
Optics offers tremendous bandwidth for high-rate communications and information access.
Optics play a large role in delivering high quality, sharp pictures.
Optics play an important role in image quality.
Optics plays a major role in Japan's new satellite.
Optics plays a role in other areas of medicine.
Optics provide another challenge in designing eyewear.
Optics provide excellent edge definition.
Optics rectilinear normal congruence formed by rays that intersect two nonintersecting focal lines.
Optics refers to the type of lens used.
Optics require development.
Optics See next item.
Optics seems to be treated as a form of generic scientific inheritance.
Optics stands today as an area of major scientific and technological importance.
Optics wave surface of equal phase.
All optics are glass, and it actually uses roof prisms to get the small size.
All optics are highest quality dielectric high power mirrors.
All optics are multi-coated and eyepieces have a quick attachment system.
All optics are on order, except for the gratings.
All optics have high reflectance aluminum coating.
More optics means more connectors.
Some optics are of better quality and design than others.
Optical aberration changes the apparent form of the lattice as well.
Optical aberration is an optical phenomenon
Optical aberrations are just an elaboration of the basic idea of defocus.
Optical access covers fiber over the last mile.
Optical access is via quartz windows in the end plate and in ports located near the end plate.
Optical activity is a prominent feature of the chemical substances of living matter.
Optical activity is a property of chiral compounds.
Optical activity is the rotation of the plane of polarization of linearly polarized light.
Optical activity occurs in molecules possessing chirality .
Optical acuity remains full scale with a wide-screen peripheral view.
Some optical advocates say routing decisions belong at the edges of the optical network.
Any optical aid including binocular, telescope, or naked eye observations are acceptable.
Optical alignment is very important.
Optical amplifiers are devices that can be used instead of repeaters in long-haul fibre links.
Optical amplifiers can handle various bit rates and modulation formats.
Optical amplifiers operate based on the stimulated emission process.
Optical amplifiers use lasers to boost communications signals along a cable route.
Most optical amplifiers are limited to one or a few restricted frequency bands.
Optical analysis is a specialty for obvious reasons.
Optical analysis splits up the white ray into the various coloured rays which compose it.
Optical anomalies are greater than ever previously measured, but temperature anomalies small.
Optical art involves the study of perception.
Optical astronomers seem to think that they can observe galaxy formation by taking optical images.
Optical astronomers use the magnitude scale to express and compare stellar brightnesses.
Optical astronomers use wavelengths as well.
Optical astronomy requires telescopes that use optical components of great precision.
Optical astronomy retains a special role since it is directly accessible to the eye.
Optical attenuators are usually passive devices.
Optical axis is an imaginary line passing horizontally through the center of a compound lens system.
An optical bench is apparatus
Optical bench is a device for measuring the optical performance of lenses.
Optical business puts CMs in a different world.
Optical cable is used to transmit all data to the computer.
Optical cables allow enormous volumes of data to be transported as light, virtually without losses.
Optical cables are higher cost than copper cables.
Optical cables transmit data using pulses of laser light.
Optical cables use SC or duplex SC connectors.
Optical calcite is mounted inside the tube, producing a double image of the square opening.
Optical center is a bit above and left of true center.
Optical characteristics integrate the effects of atmospheric aerosols and gasses.
Optical chips are more durable.
Optical chronographs are dependent on lighting conditions.
Optical circuitry is currently far more immature than electronic integrated circuits.
Optical clarity allows use with inverted microscopes.
Optical clarity is reduced as the anti glare properties of a topsheet increase.
Optical clarity is superb, and two handles have also been added for ease of use.
Optical class is a rating to determine the optical quality of a lens.
Some optical cleaners leave residues.
Optical clock is probably one of the early entry points for microprocessor chips.
Optical coating are one of the more important but often overlooked features of any eyepiece.
Optical coatings are an inherent part of many optical structures.
Optical coatings improve image sharpness and contrast.
Optical combs have teeth.
Most optical combs have teeth.
Some optical combs provide equivalents.
Optical communication provides the backbone for both the Internet and modern telephony .
Optical communications makes data transfer quicker and easier, even in wet and dirty locations.
Optical communications require optical fibers that absorb light negligibly.
Optical communications run over fibers that work best when intact.
Optical components are everywhere in industrial and consumer products.
Optical components tell a similar story.
Optical connections provide perfect isolation against noise emitted from the computer system.
Optical connectors are available in a wide variety of styles and types.
Optical connectors are low-tech compared with optical switches and tunable lasers.
Optical controls guarantee that only flawless fabric is used for the tents.
Optical counterparts are assigned via examination of digital optical imaging databases.
Optical coupling is employed between the trigger source and the simulator circuitry.
Optical crystal controls properties.
Optical crystal is flawless and as clear as prescription eyeglasses.
Optical defects can turn point sources of light into apparently saucer-shaped objects.
Optical density is a logarithmic scale, so small increases are more significant than normal.
Optical density is density
Optical density is directly proportional to the number of cells.
Optical density refers to the speed of light in a medium.
Optical density represents the range of color tonal values that the hardware can resolve.
Optical depth is a simple measure of the amount of aerosol in a column.
Optical depth is measured in units of the mean free path.
Optical designers try to minimize color errors for human vision.
An optical device is a device
Optical devices allow a child to gain control over their visual environment.
Optical devices allow some students to sit anywhere in a classroom or auditorium and be able to see.
Optical devices are devices.
Optical devices are less costly than large print and most are very portable.
Optical devices can increase visual environmental awareness.
Optical devices provide visual independence.
Optical devices use lenses or combinations of lenses to provide magnification.
Optical devices use reflection, refraction, or diffraction to move light around.
All optical devices are economical, rugged and stable.
Most optical devices rely on refraction or reflection to provide an image on a screen or film plane.
Most optical devices work using either refraction or reflection.
Some optical devices use light.
Optical diffusers work to instantly reduce the look of fine lines around lips.
An optical disk is a storage device
Optical disk is other popular device.
Optical disks allow faster access to key files on-line.
Optical disks are a type of storage medium.
Optical disks are computer disks.
Optical disks are computer hardware.
Optical disks are generally durable and withstand all but the most abusive handling.
Optical disks are memory devices.
Optical disks are non-magnetic auxiliary storage devices that resemble audio compact disks.
Optical disks are the most common medium for long term storage of document images.
Optical disks are two-sided.
Optical disks contain data stored optically rather than magnetically.
Optical disks contain the permanent version of documents.
Optical disks differ in materials, construction, thickness, etc.
Optical disks have heads that move above the storage media and beam a laser down at it.
Optical disks store the scanned images of the full text as well as keywords, etc.
Optical disks stored in a jukebox can serve as the primary storage medium.
Optical engineers can incorporate multiple lenses in an optical system to control aberrations.
Optical engineering is an area of incredible promise.
Optical enhancers are materials that enhance print size, contrast, and spacing of text.
Optical excellence is the most important feature of any telescope.
Optical experiment is on the way.
Optical fabrication includes cylindrical, aspheric, flat, and spherical components.
Optical feedback can stem from processes such as fluorescence distributive feedback.
Optical feedback reduces the linewidth primarily by increasing the optical cavity length.
Optical fiber adds additional security protection, as well.
Optical fiber can carry a lot more information.
Optical fiber consists of a thins strands of glass.
Optical fiber facilitates high speed, high quality, and high volume transmission of data.
Optical fiber has a number of advantages over the copper wire used to make connections electrically.
Optical fiber has a vital size advantage over insulated electrical conductors.
Optical fiber has several advantages over copper media.
Optical fiber is also available along some major routes.
Optical fiber is also desirable because of it's electromagnetic immunity.
Optical fiber is digital.
Optical fiber is far more scalable than copper.
Optical fiber is fiber
Optical fiber is fiber.
Optical fiber is high-capacity but low in cost and energy use.
Optical fiber is lightweight, flexible, and has become easy to handle and install.
Optical fiber is made from a silica fiber stretched thinner than human hair.
Optical fiber is made of flexible glass and can support very high data transfer rates.
Optical fiber is more fragile than wire, difficult to split, and very labor-intensive to install.
Optical fiber is still expensive and requires skilled personnel to install and maintain it.
Optical fiber is the alternative to copperwire used to carry signals for voice and data.
Optical fiber is very fast.
Optical fiber provides for high bandwidth applications into the future.
Optical fiber provides one of the largest pipes available.
Optical fiber substitutes for copper in some telecommunications applications.
Optical fiber supports greater distances than copper.
Optical fiber wraps around the earth connecting people, business and governments.
Optical fibers are also a huge part of making the Internet available around the world.
Optical fibers are extremely thin strands of glass, which are made up of many layers.
Optical fibers are hair-thin strands of glass that can guide light.
Optical fibers are just reflective tubes.
Optical fibers are lighter and thinner than copper wire.
Optical fibers are quite difficult to tap.
Optical fibers are simply strands of glass.
Optical fibers are the hands-down winner.
Optical fibers are thin strands of glass used for transmitting light signals used in communications.
Optical fibers are used to transmit communication signals.
Optical fibers are, therefore, suitable for use in the noisiest and most sensitive environments.
Optical fibers bring light into cells on the gripping surface.
Optical fibers can carry data much faster and more efficiently than electrical wires.
Optical fibers can handle tens of thousands of conversations simultaneously.
Optical fibers carry far more information than the old bundles of copper.
Optical fibers enable networks of larger capacity and higher speed.
Optical fibers extract the light and transmit it to electronics that convert it to electric signals.
Optical fibers find new applications in data processing.
Optical fibers guide the emitted light to a photodiode operated in current mode.
Optical fibers monitor the line continuously for hot spots and damage.
Optical fibers provide the bandwidth capability to accomodate real-time voice transmissions.
Optical fibers transmit reflected light from the sensor to the detector.
Optical fibers utilize light as a signal source, instead of electrical signals.
Optical fibre has a much higher capacity, and is used for virtually everything else.
Optical fibre is a waveguide.
Optical fibre is fiber
Optical fibre is the backbone of the exploding Internet and telecommunications industries.
Optical fibres are almost completely immune from external fields.
Optical fibres are long strands of transparent material which let the light pass through the middle.
Optical fibres can convey much more information than copper wires.
Optical fibres have very small diameters.
Optical fibres make use of the same principle in communications.
Optical filter is glued onto the entry surface of first prism.
Optical filters act on light.
Optical filters are also widely used to enhance sensitivity and reduce background fluorescence.
Optical filters are more precise than ever before.
Optical filters consist mainly of colorants dissolved in gelatin.
Optical filters separate wavelengths of light using the principle of optical interference.
Optical finder has dioptric adjustment.
Optical flow is a measure of the apparent flow of brightness in a sequence of images.
Optical flow is estimated and segmented into motion blobs.
Optical flow is the apparent motion of brightness patterns between images.
Any optical flow is simply the projection of the scene flow onto the image plane of a camera.
Optical forces are very small and are in the range of picoNewton.
Optical format is simple in principle yet often misunderstood and misreported in practice.
Optical glass allows and evokes an interplay between the absolute and the illusive.
Optical glass is glass
Optical glass is glass.
Optical glass is made from Baltic sand, and is used throughout the world.
Optical glass is used for manufacturing lenses and prisms.
Optical history is noted and any troubles the patient currently experiences are written.
Optical holography is about the making and viewing of holograms and why they work.
Optical illusion is an optical phenomenon
Optical illusion is imagery.
Optical illusions abound here.
Optical illusions are a category of perceptual failures.
Optical illusions are also useful in a small space.
Optical illusions are everywhere.
Optical illusions are fun.
Optical illusions are one way of looking at the concept of paradigm.
Poloidal coils can take a variety of forms.
A polonaise is a dress
Polonaise ornaments Collectible glass ornaments from Poland.
Polonaises are dresses.
Polonaises have a cutaway , drapes and an overskirt , worn over a petticoat .
Polonaises have a cutaway, drapes and an overskirt, worn over a petticoat.
Many polonaises are composed in what is called ternary form, or song form, or minuet and trio.
Polonium halos are radioactive marks in granite that show that the earth was created instantly.
Polonium also forms a hexafluoride, but it is understudied.
Polonium has a few commercial uses.
Polonium has more isotopes than any other element, all of which are radioactive.
Polonium has no biological role.
Polonium is a decay product of radon, which in turn is a decay product of uranium.
Polonium is a radioactive element produced by the decay of uranium.
Polonium is a radioactive, extremely rare semi-metal.
Polonium is a relatively rare element.
Polonium is a very rare element in nature.
Polonium is a very rare natural element.
Polonium is also combined with beryllium to form neutron sources.
Polonium is an extremely dangerous material.
Polonium is an extremely dangerous substance.
Polonium is an extremely rare natural element.
Polonium is both toxic and radioactive.
Polonium is chemical elements.
Polonium is distributed in soft tissues as well as bone.
Polonium is highly unstable, radioactive and toxic.
Polonium is hundreds of times more radioactive than uranium.
Polonium is metal
Polonium is metallic elements.
Polonium is produced in nature when other radioactive elements break down.
Polonium is radioactive .
Polonium is radioactive and excessivley rare in nature.
Polonium is radioactive substances.
Polonium is radioactive.
Polonium is removed from surface waters by the rain of faeces descending from zooplankton.
Polonium is used as a neutron source in nuclear reactors and as an alpha-particle generator.
Polonium is used in special anti-static brushes.
Polonium readily reacts with dilute acids, but only slightly with alkalis.
Polonium usually is isolated from by-products of the extraction of radium from uranium minerals.
Poltergeist activity stops as sudden as it starts.
Poltergeist disturbances are of fairly short duration, perhaps a couple of months.
Poltergeist energies can travel anywhere with anyone.
Poltergeist power is anger that has been locked up.
A poltergeist is a ghost
Poltergeists are ghosts.
Poltergeists are often the effect of a female teenager who is enduring stress.
Poltergeists are one type of spirit who are believed to throw things around rooms or make noises.
Poltergeists are people who died without getting laid.
Poltergeists are random energy psychokinetically generated by a living person.
Poltergeists are roller coasters.
Poltergeists are said to be invisible .
Poltergeists are said to be invisible.
Poltergeists are said to bother only one person at a time .
Poltergeists are said to bother only one person at a time.
Poltergeists are stupid.
Poltergeists can haunt locations or individuals.
Poltergeists make loud noises and move objects.
Poltergeists move furniture, bang on walls and doors, and break things to make their presence known.
Poltergeists slowly dismantle a towering spiral staircase as a person tries to climb it.
Poltergeists usually begin and end abruptly.
Poltergeists usually fade as puberty ends.
Poltergeists usually make noises or move things around.
Poly bags are available on all days of the week.
Poly bags become almost round when filled and iced.
Poly bias varies with design technology.
Poly bumpers are also available for some models.
Poly carts seem to be easier to use with young children than the wheelbarrows.
Poly esters require a di oic acid and a di ol so that the condensation can continue ad infinitum .
Poly fastener is included for both wings of the gutter.
Poly foam makes great llama shaped puzzle.
Poly folks welcome.
Most poly folks agree that sex is far from being the most important factor in a relationship.
Poly genes regulate the amount or strength of a characteristic.
Poly hockey is like floor hockey in many ways.
Poly line floats, making it easier to grasp or see in the water.
Poly locks are okay.
Poly men are promiscuous womenizers.
Poly material is also very versital.
Poly mesh is extremely easy to care for.
Poly people are all bisexual.
Poly people are all either men or women.
Poly people are all middle class or upper-middle class.
Poly people are all promiscuous.
Poly people are all straight, except for the occasional bi female.
Poly people are all white.
Poly people are just in it for the sex.
Poly people are naturists.
Poly people communicate better than our monogamous brothers and sisters.
Poly people have no morals, so they are necessarily unfit to raise children.
Poly people practice tantric sex.
All poly people are activists.
All poly people are eco-minded.
All poly people are gender feminists.
All poly people are libertarians.
All poly people are Pagan.
All poly people are poticially liberal.
All poly people are social liberals.
All poly pipe carries a lifetime warranty against manufacturers defects.
Poly products come in reels with various capacities.
Poly rein is the most popular.
Poly rollers last a lot longer than their rubber counterparts.
Poly students are knowledgeable, well trained, cooperative and enthusiastic on the job.
Poly tanks are translucent for easy viewing of liquid.
Poly tubing supports convertible shade top.
Poly vessels are lightweight and rust-proof.
Poly wipers assist in mixing the finest ingredients and ensure complete cleanout.
Poly women are promiscuous sluts.
Polyacetal gears assure high efficiency and long life.
Polyacrylic acid is the component that contracts.
Polyacrylimide polymers are a petroleum based product and therefore have some degree of toxicity.
Polyalphabetic ciphers use more than one replacement scheme.
Polyamide is a polymer
Polyamides are a group of condensation polymers commonly known as nylon.
Polyamides tend to be lower on the scale of sensitization potential and higher on flexibility.
Polyamine inhibition modifies extracellular matrix deposition.
Polyamorous relationships can take different shapes.
Polyamory groups are often open to all, although many groups seek relative gender balance.
Polyandrous behavior is quite widespread in the animal kingdom.
Polyandrous females discriminate against previous mates.
Polyandrous females have two or more mating partners while they are in heat.
A polyandry is a marriage
Polyandry occurs when a female mates and bonds with two or more males.
Polyandry refers to a female mating with more than one male.
Polyaromatic hydrocarbons present a case in point.
Polyatomic ions can overlap with analyte ions causing severe interferences in some cases.
Polyatomic molecules have more than one vibrational mode.
A polybutene is a gas
Polybutenes also exhibit inferior performance at low temperatures and in diesel engines.
Polycarbonate cover protects the operator from flying debris.
Polycarbonate lens provides increased contrast on gray or overcast days.
Polycarbonate lens provides superior impact protection for full-view vision.
Polycarbonate lenses are also available in aspheric designs.
Polycarbonate lenses are also thinner and lighter than conventional plastic or glass lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are high index and are usually the lightest, most comfortable lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are lighter and more bonk-resistant than glass, but lack glass's clarity.
Polycarbonate lenses are lightweight, comfortable and extremely impact-resistant.
Polycarbonate lenses are preferable.
Polycarbonate lenses are resilient, impact-resistant and a favorite among active individuals.
Polycarbonate lenses are ten times more impact resistant than conventional plastic or glass lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are the most impact resistant material.
Polycarbonate lenses are the most impact resistant.
Polycarbonate lenses are unbreakable and make excellent protection for the eyes.
Polycarbonate lenses have superb clarity, are prism corrected, and provide increased lens strength.
Polycarbonate lenses offer superior eye protection during intense outdoor activities.
Polycarbonate lenses are a good choice.
Polycarbonate lenses are also much thinner and lighter than glass or plastic lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are easy to replace.
Polycarbonate lenses are high index and are usually the lightest, most comfortable lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are high index and usually provide the lightest, most comfortable lenses.
Polycarbonate lenses are more shatter resistant and therefore much safer glasses.
Polycarbonate lenses are superior to glass and plastics in strength and impact resistance.
Polycarbonate lenses are the most impact resistant lenses available.
Polycarbonate lenses are the most impact resistant.
Polycarbonate lenses are the safest.
Polycarbonate lenses provide high impact strength.
Polycarbonate lenses provide protection from standard UV radiation.
Polycarbonate membranes handle the solvent very well.
Polycarbonate plastic has the best impact resistance of all materials.
Polycarbonate plastic is a combustible thermoplastic.
Polycarbonate products are autoclavable.
Polycarbonate sheet used for outdoor applications is stabilized against the effects of sunlight.
Polycarbonate shield protects fiber from direct shots.
Polycarbonate structures are a low-cost alternative.
Polycarbonate sunglasses offer an outstanding value in polarized vision technology.
Polycarbonate tube is also available for maximum strength.
Polycarpic plants form flowers many times during their lifetime.
Polycentric companies follow policies that are host country-oriented.
Polychaet worms are the most abundant benthic animals.
Most polychaete annelids have eyes, some with retinas and lenses.
Some polychaete tubes provide protection.
A polychaete worm is a segmented worm
Polychaete worms are a major food source for a number of reef fish.
Polychaete worms are either male or female.
Polychaete worms feed in many different ways.
Polychaete worms lack gonads.
Many polychaete worms live in both the intertidal zone and the subtidal channels.
Most polychaete worms have separate males and females and external fertilization.
Some polychaete worms live on floors.
Some polychaete worms live on ocean floors.
Some polychaete worms undergo transformation.
A polychaete is a segmented worm
Polychaete isa worm.
Polychaetes achieve density.
Polychaetes also differ from other annelids in that they have antennae and specialized mouth parts.
Polychaetes are a taxanomic class of segmented worms.
Polychaetes are also successful at other lifestyles.
Polychaetes are among the most common animals in shore line environments.
Polychaetes are an abundant group found in prac- tically every habitat in the ocean.
Polychaetes are annelids.
Polychaetes are common annelids that live in fresh and salt water.
Polychaetes are critical members of all ocean food webs.
Polychaetes are dominant benthic fauna in the marine environment.
Polychaetes are mostly marine.
Polychaetes are part of the diets of shrimps, crabs, a variety of fishes, and even some shore birds.
Polychaetes are particularly common on and in muddy and sandy shores.
Polychaetes are the most diverse and abundant of the worm groups.
Polychaetes are the most diverse group of deposit feeders in the soft sediments of the shelf.
Polychaetes are very useful organisms for monitoring the marine environment.
Polychaetes become active swimmers.
Polychaetes become swimmers.
Polychaetes burrow in sediments or live in tubes.
Polychaetes exhibit a wide range of lifestyles.
Polychaetes have (part) brains.
Polychaetes have (part) cell membranes.
Polychaetes have (part) cells.
Polychaetes have (part) corpi.
Polychaetes have (part) cytoplasm.
Polychaetes have (part) ears.
Polychaetes have (part) faces.
Polychaetes have (part) heads.
Polychaetes have (part) nuclei.
Polychaetes have (part) plasma membranes.
Polychaetes have (part) sections.
Polychaetes have (part) skulls.
Polychaetes have (part) vacuoles.
Polychaetes have a complex pharynx which they are able to evert to catch their prey.
Polychaetes have a pair of flaps, called parapodia, on each segment.
Polychaetes have considerable powers of regeneration.
Polychaetes have separate sexes and fertilization is external.
Polychaetes have separate sexes, and rely on external fertilization in water.
Polychaetes have tentacles.
Polychaetes have well-developed blood vascular systems.
Polychaetes incorporate pellets into dwelling tubes.
Polychaetes inhabit fresh water.
Polychaetes inhabit water.
Polychaetes live in habitats.
Polychaetes live in oceans.
Polychaetes play a variety of roles in coral reef ecosystems.
Polychaetes play an important role in marine food chains.
Polychaetes represent the largest class of annelids and are predominantly marine.
Polychaetes reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Polychaetes tend to synchronise spawning to maximise the odds of fertilisation.
Polychaetes often live commensally with sponges, mollusks, echinoderms, and crustaceans.
Many polychaetes are filter feeders, others are deposit feeders or active predators.
Many polychaetes burrow into the ocean floor for protection.
Many polychaetes crawl on the bottom, hiding under rocks or coral.
Most polychaetes achieve density.
Most polychaetes also have gills to aid in respiration.
Most polychaetes are small and short-lived with a high secondary production.
Most polychaetes become active swimmers.
Most polychaetes become swimmers.
Most polychaetes have a closed circulatory system .
Most polychaetes have separate sexes, rather than being hermaphrodite.
Most polychaetes have tentacles.
Most polychaetes inhabit fresh water.
Most polychaetes live in habitats.
Most polychaetes live in oceans.
Some polychaetes belong to families.
Some polychaetes build tubes.
Some polychaetes extend proboscises.
Some polychaetes harbor bacteria.
Some polychaetes harbor symbiotic bacteria.
Some polychaetes have active lifestyle.
Some polychaetes have blood.
Some polychaetes have jaws.
Some polychaetes have larvae.
Some polychaetes have lifestyle.
Some polychaetes have mechanisms.
Some polychaetes have mouthparts.
Some polychaetes have organs.
Some polychaetes have permanent organs.
Some polychaetes have proboscises.
Some polychaetes have sex organs.
Some polychaetes have sex.
Some polychaetes have structures.
Some polychaetes have various mechanisms.
Some polychaetes live in black sea.
Some polychaetes live in burrows.
Some polychaetes live in estuaries.
Some polychaetes live in permanent burrows.
Some polychaetes live in sea.
Some polychaetes live in tubes, others are active and crawl or swim around.
Some polychaetes live on the external surface of such inver- tebrates as sea stars and sea urchins.
Some polychaetes reproduce by budding.
Some polychaetes show details.
Some polychaetes show distribution.
Some polychaetes take care.
Polychain drives are also more economical.
Polychromatic light is described by many different frequencies.
A polychrome is work
Polychrome is a decorative style, which utilizes at least three colors on the same piece of ceramic.
Polychrome means many colors.
Polychronic culture take a more leisurely view of time.
Polychronic cultures are by their very nature oriented to people.
Polychronic cultures are usually willing to draw out the middle phase.
Polychronic people tend to be more group-oriented in keeping with their high context orientation.
Polychronic time is relative.
Polyclonal antibodies are available.
Polyclonal antibodies are often the preferred choice for detection of denatured proteins.
Polyclonal antibodies detect homologs in both dicot and monocot species.
Polyclonal antibody is used for capture and a separate polyclonal is used for detection.
Polycrystalline grains tend to be larger.
Polycrystalline panels are substantially smaller and lighter.
Polycyclic lesions show up as patches of many, rounded lesions.
Polycystic ovaries are the most common cause of anovulation with reduced production of estradiol.
Polycystic ovaries can cause infrequency or cessation of menses.
Polydimethylsiloxane fluids are clear, inert, colorless and water-white fluids.
A polyelectrolyte is an electrolyte
Polyelectrolytes are electrolytes.
Polyelectrolytes are polymers that do the same thing.
Polyelectrolytes are synthetic chemicals used to speed the removal of solids from sewage.
Polyelectrolytes exhibit a very interesting and rich phase behavior.
Polyembryonic development is likely to rely heavily on zygotic control of patterning.
Polyester fibres are exceptionally soft and maintain good colour clarity.
Polyester fibres are very well suited to blends with natural fibres.
Polyester fibres can replace either soft hair or hog.
Polyester fibres have good moisture transport and dry quickly.
Polyester resin is also suitable for producing polyester zipper, polyester paint and thermosol etc.
Polyester resin tends to have yellowish tint, and is suitable for most backyard projects.
Polyester resins are also available for use as coatings for curing by ultraviolet radiation.
Polyester resins are only compatible with fiberglass fibers.
Polyester resins are the most commonly used matrix in the marine and composite industry.
Polyester also comes in specialty finishes such as transparent, reflective, and photo luminescent.
Polyester also has excellent abrasion and scratch reisitance.
Polyester also provides extra warmth.
Polyester attracts very little humidity.
Polyester can burn if exposed to flame.
Polyester can stand a tighter tension and needs a tighter tension to avoid looping.
Polyester contributes durability, stability or shrink resistance, and wrinkle resistance.
Polyester gives the best warmth weight ratio and lowest water absorption.
Polyester has a memory when it is woven and that is why it shrinks when heated.
Polyester has a smooth, shiny finish and is easy to dispose of and recycle.
Polyester has a very low stretch factor.
Polyester has better uv resistance and nylon is a little better at moisture resistance.
Polyester has excellent elongation, tensile strength and recovery.
Polyester has excellent repeat loading ability and continuous flexible, easy handling.
Polyester has no equal in finishes.
Polyester has two favorable properties.
Polyester ignites easily and burns quickly.
Polyester is a definite man-made material.
Polyester is a hard synthetic resin used to make textile fibers.
Polyester is a little less pliable than vinyl.
Polyester is a man made fiber, which is a polymer with esters.
Polyester is a polymer produced from coal, air, water, and petroleum products.
Polyester is a strong film formulated with a matte coating to provide super toner anchorage.
Polyester is a strong, wrinkle-resistant fiber.
Polyester is a type of polymer that contain the ester functional group in the main chain.
Polyester is also the plastic that is used to make plastic pepsi and coke bottles.
Polyester is among the worst.
Polyester is available as matte imprintable, brite finish and tamperproof.
Polyester is best.
Polyester is currently the most popular fiber used in the production of panel fabrics.
Polyester is ester
Polyester is ester.
Polyester is expensive as hell, and polyamide is expensive as hell.
Polyester is fabric.
Polyester is famous for holding in smells.
Polyester is fitted around projections into the wet urethane.
Polyester is good as a thin under layer and fluffy insulation.
Polyester is harder, less flexible and stretches less.
Polyester is made from polyethylene terephthalate.
Polyester is manufactured in many weights including fiber-fill used in pillows and upholstery.
Polyester is materials.
Polyester is more stable and is the recommended preservation base.
Polyester is nick resistant and can be sealed with seals, heat or friction welds.
Polyester is nick-resistant and can be sealed with seals, heat, or friction welds.
Polyester is one of the most amenable finishes to spray on.
Polyester is plastic
Polyester is plastic.
Polyester is prefered - i.e.
Polyester is quite translucent, whereas cellulose triacetate is rather opaque.
Polyester is resistant to normal stains but have an attraction for oily soils.
Polyester is stained easily by oils.
Polyester is stiff and rigid.
Polyester is strong and cleanable and stands up well under direct sunlight.
Polyester is strong, wrinkle resistant, and soil resistant.
Polyester is sun and water resistant while cotton gives a soft touch to the vehicle's finish.
Polyester is the most common filling available and is extremely easy to use.
Polyester is the most durable and dimensionally stable.
Polyester is the most durable film base.
Polyester is the most durable of the expendable color filter materials.
Polyester is the most used and most blended man-made fiber.
Polyester is used for high temperature applications where hydrocarbons are present.
Polyester is used in many different types of clothing.
Polyester is used to make insulating carpet.
Polyester is washable.
Polyester is woven from monofilament line, very smooth monofilament line.
Polyester makes a superior signage material due to the bright colour definition.
Polyester makes up about a third.
Polyester offers a wide selection of textures and colors which it holds well.
Polyester offers less stretch and has better sunlight degradation resistance.
Polyester offers superior structural rigidity and load bearing capacity.
Polyester offers the greatest durability and is recommended for extremely windy areas.
Polyester provides a nice feel underneath the feet and also resists stains and soil quite well.
Polyester provides excellent ultraviolet stability and is resistance to friction or abrasion.
Polyester provides long-term strength and dimensional stability under heat.
Polyester spreads like kudzu.
Polyesters are another class of polymer.
Polyesters are another widely used polymer.
Polyesters are found in plastics.
Polyesters are much more common, and much less expensive.
Polyesters can be thermosets or thermoplastics.
Polyesters can burn if exposed to flame.
Polyesters have hydrocarbon backbones which contain ester linkages, hence the name.
Polyesters result from the reaction of dicarboxylic acids and diols.
Polyesters stretch less for their weight, especially when wet, and are often used in flatter water.
Polyesters tend to last longer than nylon styles, but are less resistant to tearing.
All polyester used in the UK is imported.
All polyesters can be dry-cleaned.
Most polyesters are made with a polycondensation reaction.
Polyethylene glycols are available in a wide range of different molecular weights.
Polyethylene oxide is an extremely important polymer for many commercial applications.
Polyethylene waxes are incorporated into inks in the form of dispersions to decrease friction.
Polyethylene allows passage of gases such as nitrogen, oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Polyethylene allows passage of gases such as nitrogen, oxygen, and carbon dioxide.
Polyethylene caps snap over a special sealing ring forming an effective barrier to moisture.
Polyethylene is alkane.
Polyethylene is chemical compounds.
Polyethylene is plastic.
Polyethylene is solids.
Polyethylene is synthetic resin
Polyethylene mesh net with white top band.
Polyethylene pails in a double boiler work well for making soap.
Polyethylene resins, carboxyl modified.
Polyethylene wear debris and the concept of the effective joint space.
Polyethylene wear from the metal head and debris formation are two common types of wear.
Polyethylene wear in mobile-bearing design types.
Polyethylene wear in retrieved canine acetabular components.
Polyethylenes are easy to distinguish from other plastics because they float in water.
Polyethylenes sink if they are high density and float if they are low density.
Polyfidelitious relationships provide security and depth, along with sensual freedom and diversity.
Polygamist Groups Read about books inspired by actual events for an insider look at polygamy groups.
A polygamist is a partner
Polygamists generally are secretive and live in insular, church-centered communities.
Polygamists have a right to their own opinion and to fight for what they want.
Polygamous wives speak out in a groundbreaking new book about Utah's dirty little secret.
Polygenic disorder is a disease
Polygenic disorders depend on a number of genes for expression.
Polygenic disorders result from the cumulative action of a number of different genes.
Polygenic inheritance controls many characteristics, such as human skin color and height.
Polygenic inheritance is the type of inheritance, for example, of skin color and stature in humans.
Polygenic inheritance occurs when a trait is controlled by several allelic pairs at different loci.
Polygenic inheritance occurs when one trait is governed by two or more sets of alleles.
Polygenic traits are controlled by two or more genes.
Polygenic traits are the result of the interaction of several genes.
Polygenic traits are traits that are determined by more than one gene .
Polygenic traits are traits that are governed by the interactions of a group of genes.
Polygenic traits can be additive, as in body size.
Polygenic traits can have many possible phenotypes.
Polygenic traits have many possible phenotypes .
Polyglot dictionaries list equivalent words in three or more languages.
Polyglot versions are preferred.
Polygon counts are fairly high as well, and certain areas of some of the levels can be huge.
Polygon edges are clearly visible making the models look somewhat unrealistic.
A polygon is a figure
Polygon can be clockwise or ccw.
Polygon can be clockwise or counterclockwise.
Polygon Click the corners of the polygon one by one, at least three points.
Polygon counts for the bosses are way up there as well.
Polygon creates a selection in a freeform shape with straight edges.
Polygon depicts water.
Polygon extends  java.lang.
Polygon extends java.lang.
Polygon is comprised of a closed chain of arcs that represents the boundary of the area.
Polygon is one of the most well established and highly respected homebuilders in British Columbia.
Polygon is the most active, competitive, and exciting jewelry marketplace anywhere on earth.
Polygon is the on-line trading network for the jewelry industry.
Polygon Resizes the selection from the center.
Polygon shading is where the area between contours is formed into a closed polygon and filled.
Polygons appear on a map as a two-dimensional shape and represent information that has area.
Polygons are a bit rough and the characters have bad joints.
Polygons are areas that are defined by a series of line segments.
Polygons are fashionable at the moment - particularly in the arcades.
Polygons are figures.
Polygons are ideals for precise and extremely detailed images, but only for a small visual area.
Polygons are in fact closed polylines and can be treated as such, once constructed.
Polygons are less smooth than a circle, less perfect one can say.
Polygons are manifolds.
Polygons are map features which are depicted as areas such as lakes and swamps.
Polygons are most effective when a map of the study area is provided.
Polygons are often parts of polyhedra, and share most of their vertices with other polygons.
Polygons are output using the first syntax.
Polygons are regions.
Polygons are shapes formed from a sequence of line segments.
Polygons are the same color on both sides.
Polygons are topologically closed.
Polygons break up sometimes, though.
Polygons can consist of many separate polygons.
Polygons can have low or high centers.
Polygons can share common stand exams or utilize unique stand definitions.
Polygons clipping and color assignments are now corrects.
Polygons define a loop with inside and outside regions.
Polygons define surface characteristics and are represented as geometrical mesh triangles.
Polygons exist with unknown land uses.
Polygons form when the ground freezes and thaws repeatedly over the course of time.
Polygons have colors and can optionally have other attributes specified.
Polygons have ears .
Polygons have no user- defined attributes.
Polygons have no user-defined attributes.
Polygons having higher accuracies are available.
Polygons overlap often, giving the environments a sloppy look.
Polygons -Polygon manipulation including decomposition, point location, intersections, etc.
Polygons put to good use.
Polygons represent features such as forests, wetlands, and ecoregions.
Polygons represent objects too large to be depicted as points or lines.
Polygons require a plot for each point or corner of the shape.
Polygons rotate if grabbed near the vertices, translate if they are grabbed near the center.
Polygons traditionally are the modeling type chosen for creating game assets.
Polygons often divide the plane into two pieces, an inside and an outside.
All polygons are closed and each polygon has one unique label.
All polygons are closed and lines intersect where intended.
All polygons are closed, and all lines intersect where intended.
All polygons are closed.
All polygons are complete and contain labels.
All polygons are decomposable into triangles by adding only interior edges.
All polygons are simple closed curves.
All polygons are triangles.
All polygons contain attribution.
All polygons have a flat matte surface, creating no specular reflections of the illumination source.
All polygons have attributes.
All polygons have four sides.
All polygons have labels and attributes.
All polygons have labels.
All polygons have valid labels and attributes.
All polygons obtained from the above four by doubling the number of sides are also constructible.
Every polygon can be a target.
Every polygon can be untangled.
Every polygon has a label and all polygons are closed.
Every polygon has every interior point visible from some vertex.
Every polygon has the appropriate label and all polygons are closed.
Every polygon is in only one category.
More polygons give better resolution but slower rendering.
More polygons mean more 'real' detail in comparison to more complex textures.
More polygons means more memory access.
Some polygons are concave and some are convex .
Some polygons get only a tiny slice of the texture.
Polygonal data is the most common type of data in natural resource applications.
Polygonal fractures are present and oxidation is visible in areas.
Polygonal fractures are present.
Polygonal models are the most prevalent type of surface representation.
Polygonal patterns are a common result of contractional cooling of lava flows and welded tuffs.
Polygonal patterns dominate flat surfaces.
Polygraph examinations can also reveal suspects to be involved in major felony crimes.
Polygraph examiners admit that the test can be beaten.
All polygraph examiners are scum.
Polygraph tests are inexact and are regarded by some as unreliable.
All polygraph tests are subject to an intensive quality control process.
All polygraph tests are subject to direct supervision.
A polygraph is an instrument
Polygraph constantly introduces new objects into the working set to simulate cachable misses.
Polygraph counts all errors it detects.
Polygraph gets the first donation.
Polygraph is a set of programs that simulate Web clients and servers.
Polygraph is a valuable tool in criminal investigations and applicant screening.
Polygraph is available to anybody in source code form at no charge.
Polygraph is employed to verify, corroborate or refute statements.
Polygraph is published annually.
Polygraph is useful in determining whether a person is a viable suspect of a reported crime.
Polygraph is written with portability in mind.
Polygraph measures the body's normal responses.
Polygraph simulates Web clients and servers and is becoming a de facto benchmarking standard.
Polygraph stops when all phases reach their goals.
Polygraph tests mandatory for top three teams and one other selected teams.
Polygraph then measures how long it takes a proxy to process a request.
Polygynous colonies tend to face greater infections in contrast to monogynous colonies.
Polygynous males are attracted to groups of females that are in estrous.
Polygynous males have bigger testis than monogamous males.
Polygynous males produce fewer offspring than do monogamous males.
Most polygynous societies have positive prices for brides.
Polygynous species are generally dimorphic, with males being larger and more showy.
Polyhedra displays are also available for imported crystal structures.
Polyhedra protein is a major protein component of the occlusion bodies.
Polyhedral nets provide a useful transitional structure between matrices and spherical mappings.
A polyhedron is a solid
Polyhedrons are academic journals.
Polyhedrons are solids.
Polyhedrons are space figures with flat surfaces, called faces , which are made of polygons .
Any polyhedron bounded by polygonal faces with more than three sides is unstable.
Every polyhedron has a dual polyhedron where each vertex corresponds to a plane and vice versa.
Polyhydric alcohols have higher boiling points when compared to similar sized monohydric alcohols.
Polyiso insulation is applied over all framing to reduce energy loss.
Polyisocyanurate insulation is installed in the wall cavities of steel-framed units.
Polylactic acid is a biodegradable polymer produced from sugar.
Polylactic acid is an example of a plastic that biodegrades quickly.
Polyline entities are hard owners of their vertex and seqend entities.
Polyline segments work equally well.
A polymath is a pundit
Polymaths also like to play with computers, to make things.
Polymaths are initiates.
Polymaths are poor emotional counsel.
Polymaths especially like to write, which is the same as serious thinking.
Polymaths have common sense too, are practical as well as intellectual.
Polymaths like to take trips to book stores, both new and used.
Polymaths make new things.
Polymaths strive for the freedom to read many kinds of difficult books.
Polymaths often try teaching.
Polymer blend is a macroscopically homogeneous mixture of two or more different species of polymer.
Polymer blends can also include additives, reinforcements, and fillers.
Polymer brushes consist of flexible polymer chains terminally anchored at surfaces.
Polymer chains break into smaller units, and materials such as paper become brittle.
Polymer chemists do it in chains.
Polymer Chemists do it in chains.
Most polymer chemists work on organic polymers, using chains of carbon atoms to build molecules.
Polymer chemistry is a blend of physical and organic chemistry.
Polymer chemistry is mainly the study and synthesis of large, complex molecules.
Polymer clay artifacts.
Polymer clay is a little tougher to work with but is also more versatile.
Polymer clay is a modeling compound made primarily of plastic materials.
Polymer clay is a plastic.
Polymer clay is a pre-colored clay that requires baking in a home oven in order to harden.
Polymer clay is a uniquely versatile material.
Polymer clay is a user-friendly material, which can be made into many different forms and designs.
Polymer clay is both inexpensive and fun to play with.
Polymer clay is easy, fun and addictive.
Polymer clay is formed to metal spring back barrettes, and are available in five different styles.
Polymer clays are great for beads and jewelry.
Polymer clays come in opaque and translucent colors.
All polymer clay requires conditioning.
All polymer clays are compatible.
Polymer degradation involves several complex and often poorly understood physiochemical processes.
Polymer electrolytes have potential as the next generation of light-weight batteries.
Polymer materials are extremely important to a wide variety of scientific disciplines.
Polymer materials are very promising candidates for the low-k technique.
Some polymer materials have high conductivity - comparable to that of copper.
Polymer membranes play an important role in packaging and separation applications.
Polymer notes provide yet another unique collecting theme.
Polymer physics is also related to topology.
Polymer science is a good example.
Polymer science is presented on a number of levels.
Polymer scientists can use it to engineer new materials with specific properties.
Polymer solution is added to the sludge feed prior to dewatering.
Polymer solutions are well studied at thermal equilibrium.
Most polymer solutions are thick, more like syrup.
Polymer technology is just one method of increasing the pharmacokinetics of large molecule drugs.
A polymer is a compound
Polymer based drugs have only half the dosage of the original drug.
Polymer escape in transition.
Polymer flow through filtration elements used in extrusion processes.
Polymer gives almost too many sizes and options.
Polymer is added to condition the biosolids and aid in increasing the solids content.
Polymer is added to the biosolids to aid in the dewatering of the biosolids by the centrifuge.
Polymer is added to the digested sludge prior to entering the centrifuges.
Polymer is added to the sludge to aid in dewatering.
Polymer is also part of the treatment used at the east water treatment plant.
Polymer is employed in commercial fields as well as in the fine arts.
Polymer is fed to an extruder where it is melted.
Polymer is good for the environment too.
Polymer is much more secure than paper notes.
Polymer is recovered without steam stripping.
Polymer is the most complete suite of skins ever made.
Polymer is used as an aid in thickening.
Polymer is used to coagulate the metal ions resulting in the precipitation of metal hydroxides.
Polymer makes possible the controlled release of the drug at a constant rate.
Polymer melt flows in cavity, is influenced by fountain flow effect.
Polymer modified binders do have a significant cost increase over current asphalt.
Polymer resins lower costs because they are more readily processed than metal alloys.
Polymer supports extending custom element prototypes with shared code modules called behaviors.
Polymer syntheses and modifications including block and graft copolymerization.
Polymer syntheses and modifications including graft and copolymerization.
Polymers abound in nature.
Polymers account for the molecular uniqueness of organisms.
Polymers address soil erosion concerns.
Polymers affect every day of our life.
Polymers are a class of chemicals that are often known as plastics.
Polymers are a class of compounds whose molecules are composed of a large number of repeating units.
Polymers are a major class of materials consisting of macromolecules of very high molecular weight.
Polymers are a significant source of smoke.
Polymers are a very important industry.
Polymers are almost impenetrable to other polymers due to structured hydration.
Polymers are also an important part of materials science .
Polymers are also an important part of materials science.
Polymers are also everywhere in the form of thin films.
Polymers are amorphous when their chains are tangled up in any old way.
Polymers are chains of molecules, similar to a string of spaghetti.
Polymers are chemical compounds used in a wide variety of man-made products and materials.
Polymers are classified by the characteristics of the reactions by which they are formed.
Polymers are clearly too small to measure directly.
Polymers are complex, chain-like molecules made by uniting simpler molecules called monomers.
Polymers are compounds.
Polymers are everywhere and basic to every living thing, whether plant or animal.
Polymers are extremely large molecules, or macromolecules.
Polymers are formed by polymerization of monomers .
Polymers are formed by polymerization of monomers.
Polymers are giant molecules , long sequences of chemical units bonded together.
Polymers are giant molecules made up of long chains of simple molecules.
Polymers are giant molecules.
Polymers are identified from a few nanograms of material, elemental analyses require much less.
Polymers are important ingredients in washing powders.
Polymers are introduced to help coagulation and add to the rubbery feel.
Polymers are large molecules and thus are very complicated for solving using a deterministic method.
Polymers are large molecules composed of repeated chemical units.
Polymers are large molecules that are groups of smaller molecules hooked together in long chains.
Polymers are large molecules used in a wide variety of materials.
Polymers are little crystals whcih absorb and retain four hundred times their weight in water.
Polymers are long chains of atoms bonded to one another.
Polymers are long chains of chemicals found almost everywhere in nature.
Polymers are long strings of molecules.
Polymers are macromolecules made by linking many of the same kind of fundamental unit.
Polymers are materials comprised of long molecular chains.
Polymers are materials made by linking together many smaller molecules, known as monomers.
Polymers are materials with a seemingly limitless range of characteristics and colors.
Polymers are molecular chains with a regularly repeating structure.
Polymers are molecules.
Polymers are most effective for potted plants or sandy soil.
Polymers are nontoxic and last for a number of years before breaking down in the environment.
Polymers are of increasing importance in our discipline.
Polymers are polymers.
Polymers are rather pushy.
Polymers are small dry crystals that act like super sponges.
Polymers are special because they have long chain molecules, much larger than most molecules.
Polymers are strong and tough, and often flexible.
Polymers are synthesized naturally and artificially to perform a wide variety of specialized tasks.
Polymers are the basic chemical unit from which synthetic fibers are made.
Polymers are the commonest examples of macromolecules.
Polymers are the large macromolecules composed of three to millions of monomer subunits.
Polymers are the materials of past, present and future generations.
Polymers are the materials of past, present, and future generations.
Polymers are the most common modifier in use today.
Polymers are the most important molecules in living systems.
Polymers are the most rapidly growing sector of the materials industry.
Polymers are the only substances in which etching reveals tracks of alpha particles.
Polymers are the same way.
Polymers are the stuff that panty hose and plastic bags are made of.
Polymers are the types of plastics created by polymerization.
Polymers are usually carbon based.
Polymers are usually good insulators but can be made to conduct by doping.
Polymers are very large molecules composed of a large number of repeating units.
Polymers are very large molecules consisting of long, interconnected chains of smaller molecules.
Polymers are very long chains of repeating units.
Polymers are very long molecules.
Polymers can be both organic or inorganic, natural or synthetic.
Polymers can be both thermal and electrical insulators.
Polymers can be expensive and difficult to inject into the soil.
Polymers can be hundreds of thousands of monomers strung together.
Polymers can be short chains of only a few dozen units, or long chains with millions of units.
Polymers can be very resistant to chemicals.
Polymers can become entangled and form messy coils like a length of thread or a shoelace.
Polymers can contain molecules which evaporate as time passes.
Polymers come in many sizes and shapes.
Polymers commonly show reflections at very low angles.
Polymers comprise a large fraction of the total production of the chemical industry.
Polymers constructed by two or more amino acids, joined by peptide bonds, are called polypeptides.
Polymers dry slowly, making styling easy.
Polymers exhibit anisotropic properties during mechanical loading.
Polymers expand when they contact vapors.
Polymers experience significant creep at temperatures above ca.
Polymers figure in everything from plastics to synthetic fabrics to the DNA in living cells.
Polymers have a variety of uses.
Polymers have a very wide range of properties which allow for their extensive use in society.
Polymers have even more exotic applications, such as the manufacture of tank armor.
Polymers have long chains of carbon atoms with side groups.
Polymers have ten different kinds of phase transitions.
Polymers is a manufacturer of commercial brush fibers.
Polymers is a very broad classification.
Polymers make up proteins, genetic material and synthetic substances such as nylon.
Polymers occur in nature and can be made to serve specific needs.
Polymers occur naturally and are made synthetically in the lab.
Polymers occur naturally in plants and animals.
Polymers paint colour journal.
Polymers paint colour year book.
Polymers prepared by living polymerization have narrow distributions.
Polymers provide the essential infrastructure to our everyday life.
Polymers result because the monomers have two functional groups per molecule.
Polymers resulting from additions to alkenes are chain-growth polymers.
Polymers show creep basically in two different ways.
Polymers typically consist of chains of chemical units linked together in certain patterns.
Polymers typically crystallize from the melt state into thin lamellar crystals.
Polymers typically exhibit complex behavior, including rate-dependence and inelasticity.
Polymers used for pharmaceutical or medical end uses prohibit the use of water for cooling.
Polymers usually form a two strand structure, known as a thin filament.
Polymers usually have lower e.
All polymers are highly soluble in organic solvents and highly hydrophobic.
All polymers decay.
Many polymers are commercially available to produce the desired rheologic character.
Many polymers are themselves brittle at room temperature.
Many polymers come in mirror image forms.
Many polymers exhibit hydrophobic surfaces.
Many polymers occur in nature, such as silk, cellulose , natural rubber , and proteins .
Many polymers undergo reversible gelation in poor solvents.
Most polymers are carbon based and have relatively low melting points.
Most polymers are optically anisotropic because of the nature of the long macromolecular chains.
Most polymers are organic compounds .
Most polymers are organic compounds.
Most polymers can only stretch out for a short distance before they fold back on themselves.
Most polymers contain atoms held in a molecular structure by covalent bonds.
Most polymers obtained in other chain-growth processes exhibit none or poor stereocontrol.
Most polymers used for bottles are thermoplastics.
Some polymers are available with or without a plasticizer.
Some polymers are better than others.
Some polymers are bio-compatible and are now used to replace or repair body parts.
Some polymers are designed to never be able to crystallize.
Some polymers are elastomers, some plastics.
Some polymers are made up of millions of monomers.
Some polymers are man-made.
Some polymers are natural.
Some polymers are partly crystalline and partly amorphous to achieve a blend of properties.
Some polymers can be soluble in strong organic solvents.
Some polymers can reproduce themselves.
Some polymers form inclusion bodies within a cell.
Some polymers have the ability to interact with polarized light.
Some polymers share certain properties with metals, but they behave differently.
Polymerase chain reaction involves steps.
A polymerase is an enzyme
Polymerase attenuates ischemic renal injury in rats.
Polymerase isa enzyme.
Polymerases are classified according to the type of template that they use.
Polymerases are enzymes that synthesize polynucleotide chains from nucleoside triphosphates .
Polymerases are enzymes.
Polymerases have (part) atoms.
Polymerases have (part) chemical chain.
Polymerases have (part) chemical groups.
Polymerases have functions.
Polymerases require for synthesis.
Polymerases start at each primer and copy the sequence of that strand.
Polymerases stimulate production.
Polymerases work from the DNA complement of the sequence to be built.
Most polymerases have functions.
Most polymerases require for synthesis.
Some polymerases interfere with replication.
Polymeric diets are of high molecular weight and are of relatively low osmolality.
Polymeric fluids are extremely viscous.
Polymeric fluids show at the same time both viscous and elastic properties.
Polymeric formulas contain a mix of intact nutrients.
Polymeric guards are keyhole slotted.
Polymeric materials are ideal for creating molded mirror substrates of complex shapes.
Polymeric materials can absorb energy due to their many molecular motions.
Polymeric materials have a vast potential for exciting new applications in the foreseeable future.
Polymeric membranes account for the biggest proportion of membranes currently in use.
Polymeric plasticizers provide excellent migration.
Polymeric products are substantially lighter than equivalent die cast products.
A polymerisation is a chemical action
Polymerisation is reversible and is balanced by depolymerisation.
Polymerization reaction can make the ester formed into long chain molecules.
Polymerization begins when reactive components first come in contact.
Polymerization can occur.
Polymerization continues beyond the gel point.
Polymerization forms submicronic particles.
Polymerization involves model compounds and lignin fragments having a free phenol hydroxyl.
Polymerization is a chemical action
Polymerization is a chemical reaction in which small molecules combine to form larger molecules.
Polymerization is chemical processes.
Polymerization is chemical reaction.
Polymerization is initiated by a metal complex exhibiting unprecedented high activity.
Polymerization is the process by which many small molecules join together to form large molecules.
Polymerization is the process by which many small molecules react to form a long chain - a polymer.
Polymerization is the process of joining monomers.
Polymerization occurs at atmospheric pressure and at moderate temeperature.
Polymerization occurs within a matter of seconds.
Polymerization proceeds more rapidly in larger batches.
Polymerization requires a pre-existing primer from which to extend.
Polymetallic industry is the chief user of much energy in our region.
Polymetallic macromolecules are potential contrast agents of improved efficiency.
Polymethylpenetene plastic is clear like glass and less expensive.
Polymethylpenetene plastic is clear like glass.
Polymicrobial bacteremia occurs commonly.
A polymorph is an organism
Polymorphs are different minerals with the same chemical composition.
Polymorphs are minerals with the same chemical composition but different crystal structures.
Polymorphs are organisms.
Polymorphs have different chemical and physical properties.
Polymorphic functions are functions whose operands can have more than one type.
Polymorphic minerals have different forms and colors.
Polymorphic persistence uses the operators listed below.
Polymorphic programming is a tricky concept to master.
Polymorphic viruses are able to mutate so that they look different in every host they infect.
Polymorphic viruses are anything but stupid.
Polymorphic viruses are harder to identify since each copy of the virus is different.
Polymorphic viruses are viruses that can change each time they spread from one computer to another.
Polymorphic viruses can affect any file and change as they move from PC to PC and from file to file.
Polymorphic viruses make detection more difficult.
Polymorphic viruses mutate to escape detection by anti-virus software.
Polymorphic viruses offer an extra challenge by disguising themselves to elude antivirus software.
Polymorphic viruses raise the bar again by encrypting both the virus and the decryption routine.
Polymorphic viruses use encryption or other methods to change how they look.
Some polymorphic virus use different encryption schemes and requires different decryption routines.
Some polymorphic viruses leave some bytes unchanged.
Polymorphism abbreviates brute force replication of the definition introduced in a let.
Polymorphism allows a type to have many behaviors.
Polymorphism allows different types of objects to behave differently.
Polymorphism allows free choice of the type of states, messages, and object data.
Polymorphism allows old code to implement functionality by calling new code.
Polymorphism allows overloading on the name of an operator.
Polymorphism allows programs to similarly process different objects of the same superclass.
Polymorphism allows the substitution of different solvers that handle the same type of physics.
Polymorphism can also be a factor in suspension technology.
Polymorphism can extend beyond pure symmetry content.
Polymorphism causes it's own problems.
Polymorphism consists of two root words, poly and morph.
Polymorphism describes the property where a single method can be used on multiple data types.
Polymorphism is a broad object-oriented term.
Polymorphism is a Greek word meaning many forms .
Polymorphism is a natural phenomenon
Polymorphism is achieved by redefining or overriding routines.
Polymorphism is achieved through a clever naming convention applied to source code.
Polymorphism is achieved through inheritance.
Polymorphism is achieved with a generic object.
Polymorphism is also information hiding.
Polymorphism is an analogous phenomenon observed in chemical compounds.
Polymorphism is an often-misunderstood concept within the developer community.
Polymorphism is another building block of object oriented programming.
Polymorphism is another very important and related notion.
Polymorphism is at the very heart of, and clearly fundamental to, component-orientation.
Polymorphism is automatic and ubiquitous.
Polymorphism is common and most groups exhibit an alternation of generations.
Polymorphism is common in nature .
Polymorphism is common in nature.
Polymorphism is implemented by ordinary function overloading, since objects are ordinary arguments.
Polymorphism is implemented using virtual functions.
Polymorphism is important for reusing code modularly.
Polymorphism is less well known, and trickier to explain.
Polymorphism is one of the most important concepts in object-oriented programming.
Polymorphism is one of the underlying principles of object orientation.
Polymorphism is one powerful mechanism for genericity.
Polymorphism is related to inheritance.
Polymorphism is supported through an abstraction mechanism over argument sizes.
Polymorphism is the ability of one object to be treated, or used, like another.
Polymorphism is the existence of more than one crystal form in a fat.
Polymorphism is useful in modeling several common situatoins.
Polymorphism is very important - leaves are thin, bright and light green.
Polymorphism is, as has been discussed before , a typical feature of cultivars.
Polymorphism means that a class can do the same thing in different ways.
Polymorphism means that objects of different classes can be used interchangeably.
Polymorphism means the ability to take several forms.
Polymorphism means the occurrence of different forms, stages or types.
Polymorphism means using a superclass variable to refer to a subclass object.
Polymorphism occurs in all species and the mandibles bear four teeth.
Polymorphism only applies to specific sets of methods.
Polymorphism provides an easy mechanism for the return of save requests.
Polymorphism refers to the DNA sequence variation between individuals of a species.
Polymorphism refers to the occurrence of more than one method in the same class with the same mane.
Polymorphism takes care of the rest.
Polymorphism uses date and time of infection.
Polymorphisms are differences in a specific gene.
Polymorphous anomalies are easily identifiable.
A polymyositis is a symptom
Polymyositis is much more diverse clinically than dermatomyositis and more difficult to define.
Polynesian airlines operate domestic flights between main centres.
Polynesian culture is at the center of their existence and sound.
Polynesian dance is a beautiful graceful and fluid dance of many Pacific islands.
Polynesian dances includes Tahitian and upon request, fire knife performances.
Polynesian entertainment adds color to the proceedings.
Polynesian entertainment adds to a perfect morning.
Some Polynesian families have serious difficulties adjusting to a new way of life.
Polynesian graphics represent cultural elements of our islands.
Many Polynesian immigrants are unemployed and depend on the state for social security.
Polynesian islands are beneficiaries of Japanese aid.
Polynesian islands are heavily dependent on Japanese aid to support their main livelihood, fishing.
Polynesian lifestyle is a pattern and harmony in the physical sense.
Polynesian music is provided during cocktails or dinner.
Any Polynesian parent wants their child to be successful in school.
All Polynesian people are very friendly.
All Polynesian prints are limited and change often which keep the sets special.
Polynesian revues bring the fire, pageantry, and passion of exotic South Pacific music and dance.
Polynicotinate chromium is also more bioavailable than chromium picolinate.
Polynomial basis is probably easier to understand.
Polynomial codes work on each frame.
Polynomial complexity is generally acceptable for most problems.
Polynomial division is often useful, and almost always tedious.
Polynomial division is similar to long division of integers.
Polynomial efficiency is regained by the introduction of tabulating yield parsers.
All polynomial functions are continuous on the interval .
Polynomial interpolation represents a first attempt to solve the approximation problem.
Polynomial matrices play an important role in the behavioral theory of linear systems.
Polynomial regression is a convenient method to create a smooth curve.
Polynomial splines form a versatile tool for function estimation.
Polynomial is a function
Polynomial is mapping.
Polynomials are a special case of the more general non-linear models .
Polynomials are entire functions.
Polynomials are expressions with one or more terms.
Polynomials are somewhat like the liger.
Polynomials are taught in algebra, which is a gateway course to all technical subjects.
Polynomials are very important in a wide variety of application areas.
Polynomials have a pole at infinity.
Polynomials have an important place in mathematics.
Polynomials have the type designation pol .
Polynomials provide good examples for studying more general functions.
Polynomials simply stay as they are.
Polynomials Visualize and find the roots of a polynomium up to fourth degree.
All polynomials are continuous everywhere.
All polynomials are differentiable.
All polynomials are rational functions.
Every polynomial can represent the denominator of the transfer function of an electrical filter.
A polynya is water
Polynyas are highly productive areas biologically.
A polyoma virus is an animal virus
Polyoma virus is believed to be a complication of increased immunosuppression.
Polyoma virus is resistant to many environmental conditions, disinfectants and heat.
A polyoma is an animal virus
Polyoma now has a vaccine.
Polyp form is predominant in Hydrozoa and Anthozoa, medusa form is predominant in Scyphozoa.
Polyp prey includes copepods and fish larvae.
Some polyp size limits gamete production.
Some polyp size limits production.
Polyp stages last for years.
Polyp is coelenterates.
Polyp is diseases.
Polyp is growth
Polyp is growth.
Polyp isa illness.
Polyp isa sickness.
Polyps adhere to the substratum and extend their tentacles, waiting for prey.
Polyps are a risk factor for cancer of the bowel.
Polyps are abnormal growth which occur on the inner lining of the colon.
Polyps are abnormal growths of tissue, which vary in size from a tiny dot to several inches.
Polyps are abnormal growths that develop within the colon and rectum.
Polyps are abnormal, mushroom-like growths that form on the inside of the digestive tract.
Polyps are abnormal, mushroom-like growths.
Polyps are active at night.
Polyps are approximately cylindrical in shape and elongated at the axis of the vase -shaped body.
Polyps are areas that grow a little too much.
Polyps are asymptomatic and are best detected through regular, routine screenings.
Polyps are benign fleshy growths usually found on only one of the vocal folds.
Polyps are benign growths in the colon.
Polyps are benign growths on the inner wall of the colon and rectum.
Polyps are benign growths on the vocal cords.
Polyps are benign or noncancerous growths that grow on the inside lining of the colon.
Polyps are benign tumors in the colon that can develop into cancer.
Polyps are benign tumors that grow from the wall of the colon or rectum.
Polyps are common teardrop-shaped growths that form around the openings to the sinus cavities.
Polyps are cylindrical and medusae are circular convex, like an umbrella.
Polyps are deep ulcers that can leave mucosal islands.
Polyps are extra growths of tissue from the lining of the uterus.
Polyps are fragile, and when bumped, tend to bleed easily.
Polyps are frequently asymptomatic and are only found on examination.
Polyps are generally short and concentrated at the ends of the branches.
Polyps are growths in the lining of the uterus that are very common, and usually benign.
Polyps are inflammatory growths, generally related to sinusitis.
Polyps are just fleshy growths that can be removed, but they can block passages.
Polyps are merely growths of tissue arising from the inner lining of the colon or rectum.
Polyps are more common in the colon than in the small bowel.
Polyps are mushroom-shaped growths on the inner lining of the large bowel.
Polyps are noncancerous outgrowths of the wall of the colon or rectum that can become cancerous.
Polyps are often at the back of the nose, where they can be seen only with a special instrument.
Polyps are only able to build a reef with the help of single-celled zooxanthellae algae.
Polyps are painless but can bleed, causing blood to be present in the stool.
Polyps are precancerous growths in the colon and rectum.
Polyps are small abnormal growths that develop in the colon.
Polyps are small growths from the inner lining of the colon.
Polyps are small growths that can become cancerous.
Polyps are small growths that occur usually on epithelial tissue.
Polyps are small lumps thought to be caused by an irritation to the cervix.
Polyps are small outgrowths from the lining of the intestine.
Polyps are small, non-cancerous tumors in the colon or rectum, which sometimes turn into cancer.
Polyps are small, tumor-like growths that can develop on the surfaces of the colon and rectum.
Polyps are the asexual phase of the life cycle and closely resemble a tiny anemone.
Polyps are the pretty ones, and the medusae are like the second cousins.
Polyps are tiny creatures that form a hard skeleton to protect their bodies.
Polyps are tubelike and are usually attached to a substrate.
Polyps are tubes that have the mouth and tentacles on one end and are sealed on the other.
Polyps are typically carnivorous, feeding on small particles floating in the water.
Polyps are usually large with long tentacles and in some species have been known to pulsate.
Polyps are usually present in association with cystic fibrosis or allergies.
Polyps are very rare in children.
Polyps are white and alternate along the branches in rows.
Polyps asexually reproduce by budding.
Polyps begin forming as young as puberty.
Polyps block the nose.
Polyps can be difficult to treat successfully, and often recur unless adequate therapy is started.
Polyps can be peduncular or sessile, and are usually viral in origin.
Polyps continue to form in the pouch, rectum or small intestine.
Polyps develop as the surface cells of the lining of the colon build up.
Polyps don t cause any symptoms until they are very large or have turned into colon cancer itself.
Polyps exist in colonies.
Polyps have an increased risk of becoming cancerous.
Polyps have distinct shapes.
Polyps have little mesoglea but use the water in their guts as a hydrostatic skeleton.
Polyps live close together in colonies.
Polyps live in huge communities, growing on top of the skeletal remains of dead polyps.
Polyps look like peeled grapes but are basically fluid-filled sacs.
Polyps occur singly or in groups.
Polyps occur throughout the gastrointestinal tract but are particularly common in the large bowel.
Polyps provide the 'bricks' of the city which house thousands of other animals and plants.
Polyps provide zooxanthellae with nutrients and shelter, and receive food in return.
Polyps reproduce asexually by budding.
Polyps reproduce asexually, producing medusae that then release gametes.
Polyps reproduce by asexual budding.
Polyps start to appear in the second to third decades of life.
Polyps take many years before they become cancerous.
Polyps take up space inside the nose and sinuses.
Polyps tend to grow back unless the underlying irritation, allergy, or infection is controlled.
Polyps tend to run in families.
Polyps vary considerably in size and can occur singly or in clusters.
Polyps vary in shape, size and location.
Polyps vary in size from a tiny dot to several inches.
Polyps often bleed.
Polyps usually develop by the second or third decade of life.
Polyps usually develop in carious primary molars and first permanent molars.
Many polyps develop slowly and are benign for long periods of time.
Many polyps grow in the intestine.
Most polyps are asymptomatic.
Most polyps are benign, but an examination under a microscope is the only way to know for sure.
Most polyps are small, benign growths that eventually stop growing.
Most polyps cause no symptoms and take five to seven years to change to cancer.
Most polyps cause no symptoms.
Most polyps extend themselves furthest when they feed on plankton at night.
Most polyps grow very slowly.
Most polyps have no symptoms at all.
Most polyps live in large colonies.
Most polyps reproduce asexually by cloning themselves.
Some polyp has tentacles.
Some polyps are benign, with no potential for developing into cancer.
Some polyps are partly glandular and partly villous.
Some polyps can be cancerous .
Some polyps simply shake off sand by rising up in their little cups.
Some polyps tend in time to develop a malignant clone of cells.
Polypeptide antibiotics are too toxic to be used generally in the body.
Polypeptide backbone has many different amino acid side chains attached to it.
Polypeptide chain folds to native protein under physiological conditions.
Polypeptide chains fold to form an active site where the substrate is bound.
Polypeptide chains form a triple helix molecule.
Polypeptide hormones are secreted by glands.
Polypeptide hormones are secreted by parathyroid glands.
Most polypeptide hormones are secreted by glands.
Most polypeptide hormones are secreted by parathyroid glands.
Polypeptide is a peptide
Polypeptide is organic molecules.
Polypeptide is peptides.
Polypeptide is polymers.
Polypeptide is way too big.
Polypeptide isa compound.
Polypeptide refers to a longer protein.
Polypeptides are assembled into proteins.
Polypeptides are chains of many amino acids joined by peptide bonds.
Polypeptides are proteins made from many amino acids.
Polypeptides have structural, regulatory, or enzymatic roles.
Some polypeptide derives from fruit.
Some polypeptide has remarkable results.
Some polypeptide has results.
Some polypeptide regulates cell growth.
Some polypeptide regulates growth.
Some polypeptide regulates normal cell growth.
Some polypeptide regulates normal growth.
Polyphageous predators are the most frequent arthropods.
Polyphemus caterpillars gain protection from predators by their cryptic green coloration.
Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year .
Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year.
Polyphenol oxidase is an oxygen transferring enzyme.
Polyphenol oxidase is inhibited by compounds that complex with copper.
Polyphenolic compounds are powerful antioxidants.
Polyphenolic flavonoids are very powerful antioxidants.
Polyphonic music is always in several parts .
Polyphonic music is always in several parts.
Polyphonic music is music
Polyphony is music
Polyphony sing with solemn beauty.
A polyphosphate is salt
Polyphosphates are salt.
Polyphosphates are simply long chains of orthophosphates.
Polyphosphates cause polymerization of amino acids into peptides.
Polyphosphates consist of a series of orthophosphates that have been chemically joined together.
Polyphosphates differ slightly from the more common orthophosphate fertilizers.
Polyphosphates is a soluble mineral compound which acts as a sequestering agent when added to water.
A polyploid is an organism
Polyploids are organisms whose genomes consist of more than two complete sets of chromosomes.
Polyploids are organisms.
Polyploids are plants with more than two sets of chromosomes.
Polyploids are usually larger and more productive.
Polyploids are usually larger than diploids etc.
Polyploids behave like ordinary diploids in meiosis.
Polyploids occur naturally and can also be induced artificially.
Some polyploids occur on specialized, distinctive sites.
Polyploidy arises in two distinctly different ways.
Polyploidy can be a mechanism of speciation.
Polyploidy can form speciation in plants because they can self-fertilize.
Polyploidy can occur in two ways.
Polyploidy consists of a duplication of the entire genome.
Polyploidy even allows the formation of new species derived from different ancestors.
Polyploidy involves a multiplication of chromosome sets.
Polyploidy involves doubling the number of chromosomes.
Polyploidy is a condition wherein organisms have three or more sets of genetic variation.
Polyploidy is a condition
Polyploidy is a rare and often lethal condition in animals.
Polyploidy is an important mechanism in the evolution of plants.
Polyploidy is an important phenomenon in plant evolution.
Polyploidy is another means by which rapid speciation can occur.
Polyploidy is associated with apospory, self-fertility, and varying degrees of pollen sterility.
Polyploidy is common among plants and much less common among animals.
Polyploidy is common in many plant species.
Polyploidy is common in plants and important in plant evolution.
Polyploidy is common in plants but rare in animals.
Polyploidy is conditions.
Polyploidy is much rarer in animals.
Polyploidy is particularly widespread among extant plant species relative to other eukaryotes.
Polyploidy is the condition in which each cell contains three or more sets of chromosomes.
Polyploidy is the duplication of chromosomes in an organism.
Polyploidy is the presence of three or more of each type of chromosome in gametes or cells.
Polyploidy is used extensively in developing agricultural varieties.
Polyploidy is very common in plants, especially in angiosperms.
Polyploidy is very unusual.
Polyploidy more is more or less.
A polypore is a fungus
Polypores are the primary forest recyclers.
Polypores can decline for many reasons.
Most polypores are perennial and very hard, but a small minority are soft fleshy annuals.
Polypro straps fasten around ankles and connect to the fin strap.
Polypropylene capacitors are a mainstay for audio upgrades.
Polypropylene allows air to permeate the ingredients while holding in moisture.
Polypropylene are even more expensive, but have the least problems.
Polypropylene comes in two types.
Polypropylene continues to experience pressure on prices and margins.
Polypropylene disintegrates and causes major contamination in the finished textile product.
Polypropylene exhibits high stiffness and good impact strength.
Polypropylene floats, and is the most resistant to chemicals of any other rope.
Polypropylene handle has a flexible nylon spring strap.
Polypropylene harnesses with handle.
Polypropylene is also a good wool substitute.
Polypropylene is also good at transporting moisture, creating a wicking action.
Polypropylene is also very strong.
Polypropylene is available on request.
Polypropylene is best since it is strong, non reactive, and accepted for long term healing.
Polypropylene is chemical compounds.
Polypropylene is common in underwear fabrics as it wicks water efficiently.
Polypropylene is flammable as hell.
Polypropylene is good, or wool.
Polypropylene is great for one-sided lamination where flexibility is needed.
Polypropylene is more complicated.
Polypropylene is much stronger than polyethylene, with half the weight.
Polypropylene is plastic
Polypropylene is plastic.
Polypropylene is practically non-absorbent.
Polypropylene is softer than a polyester film, but has excellent clarity.
Polypropylene is solids.
Polypropylene is today's fastest-growing thermoplastic packaging film.
Polypropylene provides high levels of durability and portability while minimizing weight.
Polypropylene pull-on pants, bibs or rain pants are fine.
Polypropylene retaing nuts are available for cartridge assemblies.
Polypropylene shares similar properties with polyethylene.
Polypropylene sink allows for mild acid cleaning.
Polyprotic acids can undergo neutralization to produce both normal and acid salts.
Polyprotic acids lose their H one at a time.
Most polyprotic acids have at least one amphiprotic ion.
Many polyrhythmic things happen at the same time.
A polysaccharide is sugar
Polysaccharide isa carbohydrate.
Polysaccharides appear to work by indirectly activating healthy cells that engulf tumor cells.
Polysaccharides are an important part of the eukaryotic plasma membrane.
Polysaccharides are carbohydrate polymers.
Polysaccharides are carbohydrates of much greater molecular weight and complexity.
Polysaccharides are carbohydrates.
Polysaccharides are complex sugars comprised of many monosaccharides.
Polysaccharides are complex sugars consisting of chains of the simple sugars.
Polysaccharides are important for adhesion of cells to each other.
Polysaccharides are long chains of simple sugars that contain several hydroxyl groups on each sugar.
Polysaccharides are long chains of sugars.
Polysaccharides are long molecules made from many units joined together.
Polysaccharides are many simple sugars bonded together.
Polysaccharides are more hydrophobic if they have intra-molecular hydrogen bonds.
Polysaccharides are probably the main source of carbohydrate in the colon.
Polysaccharides are secreted by diatoms.
Polysaccharides are simply carbohydrate materials produced by soil organisms.
Polysaccharides are the 'active' ingredients.
Polysaccharides are the most abundant dietary carbohydrate for all except very young animals.
Polysaccharides are the primary organic compounds.
Polysaccharides can exist as free molecules.
Polysaccharides can serve as structural components of cells.
Polysaccharides contain alcohol.
Polysaccharides enhance the immune system.
Polysaccharides have (part) atoms.
Polysaccharides have (part) chemical chain.
Polysaccharides have (part) chemical groups.
Polysaccharides lack directionality.
Polysaccharides left by the earthworms help the aggregation of the soil.
Polysaccharides make up cellulose.
Polysaccharides produce an anti-inflammatory effect.
Polysaccharides Starches Starches are polymers of glucose.
All polysaccharides are hydrolyzed to monosaccharides prior to absorption.
Most polysaccharides are secreted by diatoms.
Most polysaccharides contain alcohol.
Most polysaccharides make up cellulose.
Some polysaccharides are secreted by plants.
Some polysaccharides derive from algas.
Some polysaccharides derive from green algas.
Some polysaccharides obtain from juice.
Some polysaccharides prevent cancer.
Some polysaccharides reduce excretion.
Some polysaccharides stimulate activities.
Some polysaccharides stimulate immune system activities.
Polystrate fossils are the exception to the rule, but are known to all geologists.
Polystyrene foam is the only type of balancing floatation used in the floats.
Polystyrene recycling is particularly successful in institutional settings.
Polystyrene is synthetic resin
Polystyrene isa resin.
Polystyrenes are one of seven categories of plastics.
Some polystyrene has excellent insulation properties.
Some polystyrene has insulation properties.
Some polystyrene has properties.
A polysyllable is a word
Polysyllables tend to have all syllables equally stressed.
Polytechnic education is a plank of the Communist Manifesto.
Polytechnic students are eligible as of the second practical study semester.
Polytechnic training begins in fifth grade, along with political education and history.
A polytechnic is a technical school
Polytechnics also arrange programmes for mature students.
Polytechnics differ from universities in that they focus on specific areas of applied study.
Polytechnics have a great variety of excellent courses.
Polytechnics ought to focus their foreign language teaching into separate units, says the committee.
Polytechnics share the same legislation as universities in New Zealand.
Many polytechnics now offer under-graduate degree programmes as well.
Many polytechnics now offer undergraduate degree programmes as well.
A polytheism is theism
Polytheism characterizes Greek religion.
Polytheism comes later, if at all, and it is learned.
Polytheism is a matter of the heart.
Polytheism is much older than monotheism and also predominates among all forms of religion.
Polytheism is the belief in more than one god.
Polytheism is the belief in several gods , while monotheism is the belief in just one god .
Polytheism is the belief in several gods, while monotheism is the belief in just one god.
Polytheism is the worship of many gods.
Polytheism is true.
Polytheism means to think that power lies intrinsically in secondary causes.
Polytheism there is a pantheon of gods.
Polytheisms are theism.
A polytheist is a theist
Some polytheists also use uppercase when talking about their most important god .
Some polytheists also use uppercase when talking about their most important god.
Polytheistic religions are found in the lowlands, which also have received Protestant missionaries.
Polytheistic religions have many gods.
Polytheistic societies encourage the worship of deities.
Polythene bags can suffocate and the jagged edges of open tin cans can inflict serious injuries.
Polytropic people tend to have multiple interests aroused and accessible at any time.
Polytypic species are composed of allopatric or allochronic populations that differ from each other.
Polytypic species are species which are divided into subspecies.
Polytypic values enjoy polytypic properties.
Polytypic values possess polykinded types .
Polyunsaturates are healthier as saturated fat can block up arteries and lead to heart disease.
Polyunsaturates can also help reduce blood cholesterol.
Polyunsaturates have several double bonds.
Polyurethane adhesives are certainly simpler.
Polyurethane foam can also help to reduce air leaks.
Polyurethane foam covered with a seamless cotton-tubing cover keeps wearer cool and comfortable.
Polyurethane foam elevates the legs from the hips.
Polyurethane foam has the highest efficiency of any commercially available insulating material.
Polyurethane foam is a polymer
Polyurethane foam is an incredible insulator.
Polyurethane foam is made by the polymerization of an isocyanate and polyether or polyester.
Polyurethane foam is pre-mixed and pumped into the grid structure and surrounding cavities.
Polyurethane foam is the fastest axle tree material.
Polyurethane foam produces patterns that are light and easier to mock-up.
Polyurethane foam protects the frame.
Polyurethane foam provides effective insulation and is often used as an alternative to asbestos.
Polyurethane glue can be as messy as epoxy.
Polyurethane glue needs moisture to harden.
Polyurethane glue takes some getting used to.
Polyurethane glues tend to be a little harder to work with and cost more.
Polyurethane bonding gives a fabric mysterious color and soft, skin-like surface.
Polyurethane can holder keeps drinks cold.
Polyurethane coating offers waterproof protection.
Polyurethane come is both water based and oil based finish.
Polyurethane contains bubbles of carbon dioxide which contribute to the cushioning effect.
Polyurethane drive band - continuous, smooth surface.
Polyurethane drive shaft covers give outstanding wear resistance.
Polyurethane drive shaft covers provide outstanding wear resistance.
Polyurethane eliminates shock marks as well as draw marks and reduces thinouts.
Polyurethane finish coat on corrosion inhibitive epoxy primer.
Polyurethane finish on cars.
Polyurethane finish with non-toxic color.
Polyurethane finishes to enhance the natural look.
Polyurethane goes on thinner, and is therefore lighter.
Polyurethane is a digital watch.
Polyurethane is a foam that is blown into wall cavities.
Polyurethane is a polymer
Polyurethane is a rubber polymer coating.
Polyurethane is a strong, thin material that conducts heat.
Polyurethane is a type of plastic that is stronger than latex resulting in very thin condoms.
Polyurethane is a wise choice.
Polyurethane is also a good choice for the manufacture of bending stiffeners.
Polyurethane is also less likely to cause an allergic reaction than latex.
Polyurethane is available with different levels of stiffness, hardness or densities.
Polyurethane is bad.
Polyurethane is basically 'industrial strength' rubber.
Polyurethane is developed and used for stretch cloth.
Polyurethane is highly flammable and results in heavy smoke when burned.
Polyurethane is less susceptible than latex to deterioration during storage.
Polyurethane is made during the reaction of an isocyanate and one or more polyols.
Polyurethane is made of organic units, which are joined by urethane.
Polyurethane is more expensive than latex, and more of it is used.
Polyurethane is one common non-SB backing.
Polyurethane is one of the more common finishes currently being used.
Polyurethane is polymers.
Polyurethane is stronger and found less prone to breakage than male condom.
Polyurethane is suggested to brighten colors.
Polyurethane is the basis of a novel type of elastomeric fiber known generically as spandex.
Polyurethane is the material of choice for rollers.
Polyurethane is the most common finish, and polys are either water based or oil based.
Polyurethane is the most popular filling used today.
Polyurethane is the most popular finish for flooring installed unfinished.
Polyurethane is unaffected by petroleum-based solvents and atmospheric contaminants.
Polyurethane is used for producing high detailed molds with unique shapes.
Polyurethane is very high in solids, and builds excellent without any type of sealer.
Polyurethane is very thin, so both partners retain maximum sensitivity.
Polyurethane lasts for years and can be removed and used on another tree, at a later time.
Polyurethane lends itself to good results with a minimum of investment.
Polyurethane paint in the bilge provides a glossy finish that's easy to keep clean.
Polyurethane remains flexible for years, as the house settles and concrete moves.
Polyurethane retains more heat than latex which increases the sensation of feeling during sex.
Polyurethane tends to be more expensive as well.
Polyurethane tends to yellow over time.
Polyurethane wins hands down.
Polyurethane works by maintaining firm control over the suspension unit it adjoins.
Polyurethanes are either oil modified or moisture-cured.
Polyurethanes are less expensive but are less durable.
Polyurethanes are one of the most versatile group of plastics, used in a wide range of applications.
Polyurethanes are the more popular surface sealers.
Polyurethanes are very hygroscopic materials.
Polyurethanes combine the performance of rubber materials with the processing ease of plastics.
Polyurethanes contain an amide-ester linkage and can be formed from a diisocyanate and a diol.
Polyurethanes cure by reacting with moisture from air or materials.
Polyurethanes cure from the ambient moisture in the air.
A polyvalency is a state
Polyvalency is the presentation of multiple ligands simultaneously to multiple receptor.
Some polyzoic species have only a few proglottids, while others have thousands.
A pom is a Brit
Poms also boast a distinctive feathered tail that fans forward over the back.
Poms also provide spirit throughout the game.
Poms are a great flower for they also last well.
Poms are a very good lasting flower.
POMs are able to lose electrons via oxidation and remain stable.
Poms are more of a family pet, than some other breeds.
Poms are quite simply the best on the market.
Poms do respond to training eventually.
Poms have long laterals and clean foliage.
Poms have two separate competitions.
Poms love to please and make excellent pets.
Pomade is instrumentation
Pomades are best for thick or curly hair and ideal for slicked back looks.
Pomades are especially good for African-American hair because they add moisture, control and shine.
Pomades come in various forms ranging in softness, from very soft to very hard.
A pome is fruit
Pomes are both accessory fruits and simple fruits.
Pomes are fruit.
Pomes contain many pits, and are represented by apples, quince and pears.
Pomes have several seeds enclosed in a core surrounded by flesh.
Pomegranate pulp is combined with rosewater, sugar and lime juice.
Pomegranate seeds are delicious sprinkled onto salads, fruit dishes, and ice cream.
Pomegranate shrubs border the walls, with a large fig in the corner.
A pomegranate tree is a fruit tree
Pomegranate trees are deciduous plants.
Pomegranate trees are long-lived for fruit trees.
Pomegranate trees are prevalent in Israeli gardens.
Pomegranate trees are trees.
Pomegranate trees live for many years and produce many fruits.
A pomegranate is edible fruit
Pomegranate helps prevent.
Pomegranate isa matter.
Pomegranates also make attractive garnishes and excellent juice.
Pomegranates are also long-lived.
Pomegranates are edible fruit.
Pomegranates are fruit trees.
Pomegranates are fruit.
Pomegranates are gorgeous dried for decorative use.
Pomegranates are part of pomegranates.
Pomegranates are plants.
Pomegranates are red.
Pomegranates are relatively free of most pests and diseases.
Pomegranates are self-fruitful.
Pomegranates are symbolic of plenty.
Pomegranates have (part) peels.
Pomegranates have (part) sections.
Pomegranates have a lightly sweet flavor and a deep red juice when the seeds are cut into.
Pomegranates keep a few days at room temperature and make spectacular table arrangements.
Pomegranates provide a messy, but wonderful, experience.
Pomegranates range in size from three to five inches in length.
Pomegranates symbolize male fertility because of their multitudinous seeds.
Pomerania church records.
Many Pomeranian items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Pomfret residents are also able to enjoy hiking, fishing and horseback riding along the park trails.
A pomologist is a plant scientist
Pomologists divide cider apples into two broad categories bittersweet and bittersharp.
A pomology is biology
Pomology is the science of apple growing, and a pomologist is a person who plants and grows apples.
Pomology is the science of growing fruit crops.
Pomp rock is littered with such travesties.
A pomp is elegance
Pomp is also about circumstance.
Pomp is aplenty as mains roll out under huge silver domes then lifted in unison.
Pomps are elegance.
Pompano Beach has an exciting calendar of events year round.
Pompano Beach has many restaurants of every type and caliber.
Pompano Beach is a great place to live.
Pompano Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Pompano Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Pompano Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Pompano Park is the winter capital of harness racing.
A pompano is a bony fish
Pompano look promising for a couple of reasons.
All Pompeian houses face inward.
A pompon is a grunt
Pompons look just like colored golf balls perched upon green tees.
Pompous diplomats feast at a surrealistic banquet.
Pompous knights stand around boasting exaggerated tales of courage and valor to eager women.
PON encourages students from diverse theoretical and research traditions to apply.
PONs appear to fit that role.
PONs are a step in the right direction.
PONs are suspicious around strangers, but devoted to their family.
PONs change the equation significantly by allowing a more opportunistic model.
Pons is Latin for bridge.
PONs make sense for carriers that have fiber in the ground.
PONs offer a number of advantages, such as very low cost, for small to medium-size businesses.
PONA analysis is a good example.
A ponce is a man
Ponce asks as they walk.
Ponce describes a recent evening.
Ponce explains that the majority of federal jobs are currently in the administrative category.
Ponce falls silent, and they walk some more.
Ponce is a city of old world beauty, a center of culture and fine food .
Ponce is a warm, enthusiastic, and caring instructor.
Ponce is another story.
Ponce is charged with driving the getaway car.
Ponce is founded.
Ponce is still an active aid to navigation, and the tower is open to climbing.
Ponce is the second U.S. ship to visit the city since the Ukraine gained independence.
Ponce just hides behind the best midfield in world football.
Ponce says nothing and takes the count.
Ponce says the board has no master plan for closing the substitute teacher gap.
Ponce states that music appreciation is very much like people.
Ponces are men.
Ponchos are cloaks.
Ponchos also work.
Ponchos are available for guests who wish to explore the trail during wet weather.
Ponchos are nice that way.
Ponchos are unsuitable for use in the above treeline areas of Mount Washington.
Ponchos can serve a double purpose.
Ponchos enter the sweater zone.
Pond aeration is used to keep oxygen levels high to combat the heat.
A pond cypress is a cypress
Pond cypress is a smaller variety.
Pond cypress is smaller than the bald cypress and has a slightly different appearance.
Pond cypress is the dominant tree but grows stunted and scattered throughout the freshwater marshes.
Pond cypresses are cypresses.
Pond ecosystems are home to many organisms that live in or near the water.
Pond ecosystems serve as important habitats for various aquatic and terrestrial species.
All pond fish secrete a mucoprotein protective slime coating that covers the scales and skin.
Pond frogs are noisier.
All pond life is dependent on the quality of the water.
Pond lilies are delicious prepared in a variety of ways.
All pond liners are custom fabricated for our customers.
Most pond oxygen comes from photosynthesis.
Pond pine hybridizes with several southern pines.
Pond pine is a scattered, overlooked native pine which is often confused with loblolly pine.
Pond pine is also fire-adapted, sprouting from the bole and branches following fire.
Pond pine is pine
Pond pine is pine.
Pond pine occurs in a variety of coastal plains habitat types.
Pond pine produces copious amounts of red-colored pitch.
Pond pine responds favorably to drainage.
Most pond plants require a sunny position to do well.
Most pond shapes are irregular, making it difficult to measure their size.
Pond sliders exhibit complex courtship behaviour in the water.
Pond snails are one of the most frequently-encountered unwanted snails.
Pond snails are usually tan or dark brown in color.
Pond snails are very commmon in North America, and especially in Michigan.
Pond snails are viviparous and the young are born with shells and start out independently at once.
Pond snails can attach themselves to the feet of ducks and live for many hours.
Pond snails can live to be at least a year old.
Some pond snails have gills to breathe in water.
Some pond snails have teeth.
Some pond turtles reach maturity.
Some pond turtles reach sexual maturity.
Pond water contains protozoans.
Pond water has effects.
Pond water has negative effects.
Most pond water contains protozoans.
A pond is a lake
Pond expects growth to continue to be driven by new product development.
Pond has large watershed and stays clean year round.
Pond has peepers in the Spring.
Pond has special filter system to maintain clear water and a revolving fountain.
Pond is between two city streets.
Pond is designed to be ultra low maintenance and self cleaning.
Pond is gorgeous and spring-fed with excellent swimming and fishing.
Pond is in good condition.
Pond is lined with rocks and has a deck extending over the edge.
Pond is lined,no concrete,only a step around entire edge to allow for stones and water iris,no dirt.
Pond is located off a front entryway and uses stone edging and has several waterfalls.
Pond is surrounded by beautiful tropical plants.
Pond isa lake.
Pond liners Pond liners keep water from seeping into the soil.
Pond Paying for insurance is an expense many people have trouble rationalizing.
Pond pictures too.
Pond raised fish have much more color than tank raised fish due to the sunlight.
Pond sings sacred songs, some for religious celebration and some for honoring warriors of the past.
Pond writes in a personal, conversational style that builds rapport with the reader.
Ponds already filled have to be limed by boat.
Ponds also exist in the bottom of the pits.
Ponds also make ideal areas for family picnics and, if managed properly, are great wildlife areas.
Ponds also pose a serious drowning hazard.
Ponds also vary greatly in size from a few gallons to many thousands of gallons.
Ponds also work quite well as irrigation sources.
Ponds are a fantastic source of microbes which are easy to see with the proper magnification.
Ponds are a great way to study ecosystems and all types of life forms.
Ponds are abundant in morainal areas.
Ponds are actually require less maintenance when they have more volume.
Ponds are add value to homes.
Ponds are all different from each other making broad comparisons tenuous.
Ponds are also an effective way to manage stormwater due to their large holding capacity.
Ponds are an escape.
Ponds are an important but threatened habitat.
Ponds are an interesting aquatic ecosystem with numerous forms of life to study.
Ponds are areas with no free water run-off and can be displayed in blue.
Ponds are as unique as snowflakes.
Ponds are beautiful.
Ponds are better for watering than flowing streams, but they can become contaminated with heavy use.
Ponds are bodies of water.
Ponds are butterfly friendly.
Ponds are charming to people of every age and walk of life.
Ponds are circular recharge or discharge areas.
Ponds are concrete with liners also which won t leak water into earth.
Ponds are easy to build, easy to maintain, and provide hours of peaceful contemplation.
Ponds are environmentally beneficial.
Ponds are frequently human-constructed.
Ponds are full.
Ponds are generally small, shallow lakes that have a more uniform temperature.
Ponds are healthy.
Ponds are home to a huge variety of microbes that represent nearly all kingdoms of life.
Ponds are hot for largemouth bass and assorted panfish.
Ponds are ideal places for fish to live.
Ponds are ideal sites for fishing or exploring in one of the park's paddle boats.
Ponds are increasingly low.
Ponds are inexpensive.
Ponds are lakes.
Ponds are located in countrysides.
Ponds are located in forests.
Ponds are located in ground.
Ponds are located in meadows.
Ponds are located in parks.
Ponds are located in rural areas.
Ponds are long lasting.
Ponds are low in the area.
Ponds are low maintenance.
Ponds are low or dry.
Ponds are low, producers hauling water.
Ponds are low.
Ponds are mostly full.
Ponds are naturally beautiful.
Ponds are now.
Ponds are open to the atmosphere.
Ponds are our passion.
Ponds are relatively shallow, with quite a bit of light penetration.
Ponds are relatively short-lived ecosystems.
Ponds are safe.
Ponds are safest when they are fenced to prevent unsupervised use by children.
Ponds are shallow and warm.
Ponds are shallow bodies of water with plants on the bottom.
Ponds are small bodies of freshwater with shallow and still water, marsh , and aquatic plants .
Ponds are small, temporary or permanent bodies of shallow water.
Ponds are smaller bodies of still water located in natural hollows.
Ponds are smaller than lakes.
Ponds are smaller, shallower, and warmer.
Ponds are stagnant.
Ponds are swamp.
Ponds are the traditional and inexpensive way to hold spawning populations of broodfish.
Ponds are the typical ecosystem of many amphibians.
Ponds are used by both sexes to escape from moose flies and other pesky insects and to keep cool.
Ponds are used for aquatic life.
Ponds are used for fish.
Ponds are used for fishing.
Ponds are used for swimming.
Ponds are vital habitats for all kinds of wildlife.
Ponds are vital to the health of our community.
Ponds are wonderful for children as a tool for learning about nature.
Ponds are wonderful to have.
Ponds attract a large variety of wildlife in and around the city.
Ponds attract amphibians.
Ponds attract beautiful birds, insects, amphibians and other wildlife.
Ponds attract birds.
Ponds attract ducks.
Ponds attract fish.
Ponds attract frogs.
Ponds attract geese.
Ponds attract insect-eating frogs.
Ponds attract mammals.
Ponds attract mosquitoes.
Ponds built on former mangroves have shorter life expectancies.
Ponds can also form when a lake is infilled with organic debris or mineral sediment.
Ponds can be dangerous depending on the season, age of the horse, and what lies within.
Ponds can be dangerous for swimmers, especially children.
Ponds can be permanent, semi-permanent, or seasonal.
Ponds can be very expensive to construct properly.
Ponds can go in sun or in shade.
Ponds can result from a wide range of natural processes.
Ponds change every couple months.
Ponds change, certainly.
Ponds come into play on four holes.
Ponds connected to the ocean are the most fertile.
Ponds contain fish.
Ponds contain shallow water.
Ponds contain substrate.
Ponds contain suitable substrate.
Ponds contain trouts.
Ponds contain water.
Ponds containing infective feces are important sources of infection for susceptible birds.
Ponds cracking or renting means mild weather to come.
Ponds created by beavers often serve as fish habitat.
Ponds encourage slow percolation of storm water, recharging the local water table and streambeds.
Ponds enhance visual impact, offering a stimulating challenge if they are strategically placed.
Ponds eventually turn into a large plot of soil if left untreated by intervention.
Ponds features homemade cooking, including breads, pastries, salmon, seafood and steaks.
Ponds filled-in to add to developable acreage or to reduce liability.
Ponds has an advantage over the other anglers.
Ponds have (part) gaps.
Ponds have components.
Ponds have cypress trees growing in or around a depression.
Ponds have egg mass.
Ponds have existence.
Ponds have fish.
Ponds have mass.
Ponds have open water.
Ponds have oxygen.
Ponds have variation.
Ponds have water.
Ponds help animals live, ponds help plants grow, and they keep amphibians moist.
Ponds help provide water for many kinds of wildlife.
Ponds hold giant lilies and lotus flowers.
Ponds hold water.
Ponds lose depth.
Ponds lose water through evaporation and seepage.
Ponds made by the monks add beauty and supply water for other uses.
Ponds naturally degrade many of the waste products that cause problems in intensive systems.
Ponds offer viewing of large trout and white sturgeon.
Ponds once overrun with filamentous algae had noticeably less greenish-yellow goo floating on top.
Ponds play an important role in the functioning of many modern facilities.
Ponds possess fish.
Ponds provide an aquatic habitat for dragonflies, fish, newts, frogs and other aquatic life.
Ponds provide critical habitats.
Ponds provide environments.
Ponds provide excellent fishing and are pleasing in appearance.
Ponds provide great places.
Ponds provide habitats.
Ponds provide homes.
Ponds provide places.
Ponds provide stable environments.
Ponds provide water for livestock, and locally they are used for recreation.
Ponds range from thousands of gallons to a few hundred.
Ponds relishes that chance.
Ponds resemble featureless bowls at first glance.
Ponds serve as watering sites for a variety of wildlife species.
Ponds take time.
Ponds tend to go dry if they have an inadequate drainage area or because they leak.
Ponds Use chicken wire or fine plastic netting to cover the pond at the end of summer.
Ponds vary in size from a few to many acres.
Ponds view from south.
Ponds often support a large variety of animal and plant life.
Ponds sometimes dry up during hot, dry summer weather.
Ponds sometimes flood their banks during spring melts and heavy rains.
Ponds usually have muddy or silty bottoms.
Ponds usually regulate the same water temperature ranging from the water's surface to the bottom.
All ponds are usually without water during winter.
All ponds eventually have weeds, particulary in the shallow water around the edge.
All ponds have livestock, either ones of the keepers choice or ones nature puts there.
Every pond has it, but it can be controlled.
Every pond has it's unique pumping needs.
Every pond is different and there's no universal system.
Many ponds are built with water control devices.
Many ponds are home to species of waterfowl, fish, frogs and turtles.
Many ponds are nearly dry, and the remaining water is stale and of poor quality.
Many ponds feature a small upper pool that feeds a stream that goes into the main pond.
Many ponds have aerators or currents which slow or stop the formation of ice.
Many ponds provide ample opportunity for fishing and canoeing.
Most ponds also feature either floating goose nests or wood duck houses.
Most ponds are home to native alligators.
Most ponds are private but many are within reach of business or social contacts.
Most ponds are shallow and support submerged vegetation throughout.
Most ponds are shallow enough for sunshine to reach the bottom.
Most ponds attract amphibians.
Most ponds attract birds.
Most ponds attract ducks.
Most ponds attract fish.
Most ponds attract frogs.
Most ponds attract geese.
Most ponds attract mammals.
Most ponds attract mosquitoes.
Most ponds contain fish.
Most ponds contain shallow water.
Most ponds contain substrate.
Most ponds contain suitable substrate.
Most ponds contain trouts.
Most ponds contain water.
Most ponds have components.
Most ponds have egg mass.
Most ponds have existence.
Most ponds have fish.
Most ponds have mass.
Most ponds have open water.
Most ponds have oxygen.
Most ponds have variation.
Most ponds have water.
Most ponds hold water.
Most ponds possess fish.
Most ponds provide critical habitats.
Most ponds provide environments.
Most ponds provide great places.
Most ponds provide habitats.
Most ponds provide homes.
Most ponds provide places.
Most ponds provide stable environments.
Most ponds used by frogs and salamanders for breeding currently appear unaffected by the drought.
Some ponds are created specifically for habitat restoration, including water treatment.
Some ponds attract dragonflies.
Some ponds attract eagles.
Some ponds attract herons.
Some ponds attract salamanders.
Some ponds attract turtles.
Some ponds become food sources.
Some ponds become home to many thousands of toads and frogs in spring time when mating takes place.
Some ponds become homes.
Some ponds become practically permanent features of the landscape.
Some ponds become sources.
Some ponds have different plants and animals while others have none.
Some ponds have eels.
Some ponds have layers.
Some ponds have production.
Some ponds help animals.
Some ponds possess crocodiles.
Some ponds possess turtles.
Some ponds provide trouts.
Ponded water is important to beavers' safety and survival.
Ponderosa Park offers skiing right on the shores of the lake.
Ponderosa pine is yellow pine
Ponderosa pines are prolific and pine seedlings grow in the shade of mature trees.
Ponderous doors let out into the Hudson River.
Ponderous mass puts one whale of a warp in the fabric of spacetime.
A pondweed is a hydrophytic plant
Pondweeds are very important as wildlife food.
Some pondweeds are totally submersed, others have floating leaves.
A pone is a cornbread
Pone is a very well respected old-school Dutch writer from the Netherlands.
A pong is smell
Pong has a long tongue filled with empty words.
Pong has many meanings.
Pong Here is one with a good sized playing field.
Pong is a acknowledge packet of line.
PonG is a library for creating configuration dialogs.
Pong is a social game.
Pong is a success.
Pong is actually embarassing, coding-wise.
Pong is back and it's on the internet.
Pong is one of the oldest classic video games.
Pong is our purrer here.
Pong is pretty much the classic when it comes to videogames.
Pong is the original computer arcade-style game.
Pong is where video games started.
Pong isa smell.
Pong still plays well.
Pongs are video games.
A pongid is an ape
Pongids are nomads.
A pons is a neural structure
PONS are a medium sized dog and are easily trained.
PONS is their brand for dictionaries and self-study materials for schools and students.
Most Pontiac drivers are enthusiastic about their vehicles.
Pontiac fever is a self-limited disease that requires no treatment.
Pontiac fever is a self-limiting, febrile illness usually affecting healthy individuals.
Pontiac fever occurs usually in individuals who are otherwise healthy.
Pontiac fever requires no specific treatment.
Pontiac fever requires no treatment.
Pontiac teams are first and second in points.
Pontifical infallibility is involved.
Pontine glioma is a brain stem cancer in the pons area of the brain.
Pontoon boat is available.
Pontoon boat rides available.
Pontoon boat rides to view rookeries, nature walks, children s activities, information booths.
Pontoon boat rides, showers, store, laundry facilities, recreation centre and playground.
Pontoon boats are also available for rent.
Pontoon boats are available.
Pontoon boats are everywhere.
Pontoon boats are generally more expensive than float tubes or U-boats.
Pontoon boats are perfect for cruising around Shell Island.
Pontoon boats are popular for just enjoying the sights and a friendly get together with neighbors.
Pontoon boats are the first item of priority for fundraising.
Pontoon boats are the preferred water craft.
Pontoon boats rent for approx.
Pontoon boats ride higher and travel more quickly across the surface, and require less effort.
A pontoon bridge is a bridge
Pontoon bridge has no use.
Pontoon bridges are usually temporary structures, but some are used for long periods.
A pontoon is a barge
Pontoon cards a long time favourite with fund raisers are back.
Pontoon rentals only.
Pontoons are available to rent.
Pontoons are barges.
Pontoons are floats.
Pontoons are much more versatile and are viewed that way today.
Pontoons are part of amphibians.
Pontoons are very expensive, easily damaged, and difficult to repair.
Pontoons offer all the amenities for spending the day on the water with the family and the dog.
Pontoons offer quick-turn maneuverability and superior balance.
Pontoons put men too swiftly on the other bank.
All pontoons have convertible tops and sun decks.
All pontoons have power, water and telephone facilities.
Pony beads come in lots of colors and sizes.
Pony breeds are more likely to become recumbent.
Pony breeds make up some of the oldest domesticated horse breeds in the world.
Pony creek runs east and northeast through the northwest corner of the county.
Pony rides are a special treat for kids of all sizes.
Pony rides are also available for children.
Pony rides are also available, as well as horse-drawn covered wagon rides.
Pony rides are also available.
Pony rides are also on the grounds.
Pony rides are an extra charge and require reservations.
Pony rides are available for children under the age of eight.
Pony rides are available for children.
Pony rides are available for smaller children and light refreshments and beverages are offered.
Pony rides are available for the wee ones and older folks can actually go horseback riding.
Pony rides are available for younger children.
Pony rides are available on a first come first serve basis for children under six years old.
Pony rides are available, too.
Pony rides are available.
Pony rides are extra.
Pony rides are located in carnivals.
Pony rides are optional.
A pony is a horse
Ponies also are curious and notorious for escaping from enclosures.
Ponies also are mighty in their weight-bearing ability.
Ponies also grow more hair than horses.
Ponies appear to be more susceptible to laminitis than horses.
Ponies are available even for pint-size cowboys.
Ponies are available for sale including fully schooled children's mounts.
Ponies are available for the little tykes.
Ponies are available which are suitable for children.
Ponies are best suited to the quick turns and bursts of speed.
Ponies are capable of pets.
Ponies are generally independent in nature, are surefooted and can live in harsh environments.
Ponies are horses.
Ponies are located in carnivals.
Ponies are located in fairs.
Ponies are more efficient at digesting forage, getting more energy out of it.
Ponies are more seasonal than horses.
Ponies are normally easy keepers, so usually hay is enough to suffice.
Ponies are our business.
Ponies are part of horses.
Ponies are racehorses.
Ponies are religiously trained and well cared for.
Ponies are seen in many different equestrian pursuits.
Ponies are small horses.
Ponies are translations.
Ponies are typically smart, hardy, athletic , and completely loveable .
Ponies are typically very sturdy, energetic, and intelligent.
Ponies are usually more chubby than horses and ponies have shorter legs .
Ponies are usually more chubby than horses and ponies have shorter legs.
Ponies bring in chairs and tables for everyone.
Ponies bring smiles in any era.
Ponies can be easy to train, willing to work, and level-headed.
Ponies can become obese very quickly and that can lead to health problems like metabolic syndrome.
Ponies can do a lot of good things, too.
Ponies can do very well, as can horses of sixteen hands or so.
Ponies can get laminitis, a painful crippling disease caused by over- feeding.
Ponies can live well into their twenties.
Ponies catch on quite quickly.
Ponies come from many parts of the world.
Ponies cross pasture.
Ponies do have thicker tails and manes than regular sized horses.
Ponies eat grass.
Ponies escape from fields.
Ponies generally live longer than larger horses.
Ponies graze in pasture.
Ponies graze on hill ground, known locally as common grazing or 'scattald'.
Ponies graze outside the gate.
Ponies has-part limbs.
Ponies has-part muscles.
Ponies have (part) brains.
Ponies have (part) breasts.
Ponies have (part) cannon bones.
Ponies have (part) cell membranes.
Ponies have (part) cells.
Ponies have (part) chest cavities.
Ponies have (part) chests.
Ponies have (part) corpi.
Ponies have (part) cytoplasm.
Ponies have (part) ears.
Ponies have (part) faces.
Ponies have (part) heads.
Ponies have (part) hip sockets.
Ponies have (part) horsebacks.
Ponies have (part) horse's feet.
Ponies have (part) nuclei.
Ponies have (part) piluses.
Ponies have (part) plasma membranes.
Ponies have (part) rib cages.
Ponies have (part) sections.
Ponies have (part) skulls.
Ponies have (part) sterna.
Ponies have (part) vacuoles.
Ponies have a reputation for being smart and wily.
Ponies have a round shape and stocky build, which includes a wide chest and well-sprung ribs.
Ponies have heads.
Ponies have outstanding conformation and movement.
Ponies have tails.
Ponies have thicker manes and tails than horses.
Ponies lift feet.
Ponies live a lot longer, and it is more common in the older equine.
Ponies live in stalls.
Ponies live on farms.
Ponies lose their baby teeth by five years, then their big teeth gradually wear down.
Ponies love fields.
Ponies need shelter.
Ponies play for a maximum of two chukkers per match.
Ponies possess hair.
Ponies possess manes.
Ponies receive their own measurement cards as records.
Ponies roam ground.
Ponies seem to be a child's favorite mount.
Ponies stand on legs.
Ponies take longer than horses to eat the same amount of food.
Ponies tend to be calmer than horses.
Ponies thrive in pasture.
Ponies walk on legs.
Pony clamps clamp the front to the upper belly rail.
Pony express Cincinnati public schools also face a legacy of aging facilities.
Pony is a well-established national firm that serves library networks in several states.
Pony is considered broke or finished, willing to obey commands and stays relaxed at the poll.
Pony is one of the oldest breeds of ponies.
Pony is smart.
Pony is the oldest and purest.
Pony isa horse.
Pony reflects alert intelligence.
Pony rides and a cuddly petting zoo are available to shoppers for a nominal charge.
Pony rides and birthday parties offered.
Pony rides and birthday parties.
Pony rides and face-painting for the kids.
Pony rides and hay rides and a corn field maze.
Pony rides and live children's music show.
Pony rides and petting zoo.
Pony rides and spacewalk for the kids.
Pony rides around the corral are a thrill for the youngest children.
Pony Rides around Washington Park.
Pony rides at birthday parties or events.
Pony rides available by reservation.
Pony rides available for additional fee.
Pony Rides Available for private parties, weather permitting.
Pony rides available, indoor ring for rainy days.
Pony rides available.
Pony rides for all ages, nature walk, llamas, red deer and much, much more.
Pony rides for any occasion.
Pony rides for children are an extra fee.
Pony rides for children under seven years are also available.
Pony rides for children.
Pony rides for childrens parties.
Pony rides for kids.
Pony rides for the kids and a tractor drawn hay ride.
Pony rides for the kids.
Pony rides for the younger members of the family.
Pony rides for young children and other children's activities are also available.
Pony rides for youngsters are also available daily.
Pony rides in a ring are available.
Pony rides nightly, babysitting, wine licence, log fires, bedrooms ensuite with TV's.
Pony rides on weekends, wagon to orchard.
Pony rides too.
Pony rides, barnyard animals, fun for all ages.
Pony rides, bouncing castle, BBQ, bake contest, and more.
Pony rides, cart rides and petting zoos for all occasions.
Pony rides, farm animals.
Pony rides, fireworks, storytellers for children.
Pony rides, games and crafts, and babysitting depending on age.
Pony rides, hay rides and petting zoo.
Pony rides, hay rides, petting farm.
Pony rides, hayrides, winter sleigh rides and catered dinner rides for groups are also available.
Pony rides, horsedrawn hayrides, all day or overnight trips.
Pony rides, kittens, sheep, goats, hogs, chickens, swings, trampoline, antiques, dried flowers.
Pony rides, live music, historic food preservation and much more.
Pony rides, moon bounce, carnival rides and games, food vendors.
Pony rides, musical entertainment, fireworks display, more music.
Pony rides, petting farm and horseback riding.
Pony rides, petting zoo, wagon rides, souvenirs, sleigh rides, donkey rides, concession.
Pony rides, petting zoos, face painting, moon bouncers and more await kids of all ages.
Pony rides, stagecoach rides, panning for gold, performances.
Pony rides, wagon rides, animal shows.
Pony starts and runs.
Pony trekking and hillwalking deserve particular mention, and in winter there is excellent skiing.
Ponies often compete in show driving classes, and in cross-country they can keep up with horses.
Ponies often make great pals for kids, and in particularly for kids with special needs.
Ponies usually have thicker coats than horses.
All ponies come with a name and number made.
All ponies offered for sale are well-mannered on the ground and are easy to catch in the pasture.
Every pony tells a story.
Most ponies are of Celtic origin.
Most ponies are of thoroughbred stock.
Most ponies cross pasture.
Most ponies eat grass.
Most ponies escape from fields.
Most ponies graze in pasture.
Most ponies has-part limbs.
Most ponies has-part muscles.
Most ponies have heads.
Most ponies have tails.
Most ponies lift feet.
Most ponies live in stalls.
Most ponies live on farms.
Most ponies love fields.
Most ponies possess hair.
Most ponies possess manes.
Most ponies stand on legs.
Most ponies subsist very well without concentrate feeds.
Most ponies thrive in pasture.
Most ponies walk on legs.
Some ponies appear in islands.
Some ponies are better suited to live outdoors than others.
Some ponies are located at houses.
Some ponies cross rivers.
Some ponies eat corn.
Some ponies graze in fields.
Some ponies has-part brows.
Some ponies have horseshoes.
Some ponies help riders.
Some ponies listed above for sale are available for lease.
Some ponies live in valleys.
Some ponies love children.
Some ponies love ranches.
Some ponies possess ancestry.
Some ponies possess diets.
Some ponies possess riders.
Some ponies pull carts.
Some ponies pull coaches.
Some ponies pull girls.
Some ponies pull wagons.
Some ponies require grain.
Some ponies require pasture.
Some ponies retain both, they are called T-types.
Some ponies return to food.
Some ponies suffer from conditions.
Some ponies throw riders.
Some pony express riders have pleasure.
Ponytail holders work well for attaching bells.
A ponytail is hair
Ponytail isa hair.
Ponytails are fo r wimps.
Ponytails are so retro.
Ponytails can be temperamental, egotistical, expensive, or all three, but they are indispensable.
Ponytails have (part) corpi.
Ponytails have (part) sections.
Ponytails have (part) widow's peaks.
Ponytails make good indoor plants but can outgrow their situation.
A pooch is a dog
Pooch attacks the gridiron.
Pooch puts pinch on parcel people.
Pooches are fine, but they're better dry.
Poochs are dogs.
Many pooches live to see their twentieth birthday.
Poodle breeds have reputations.
Most poodle breeds have reputations.
Poodle breeders have goals.
Most poodle breeders have goals.
Poodle owners want dogs.
A poodle is a dog
Poodle isa dog.
Poodles adapt to life.
Poodles also grow too much hair in their ears and sometimes get epilepsy.
Poodles are a breed of distinction, elegance, and dignity.
Poodles are active, barky, and playful, but also elegant with the right cut and style.
Poodles are also popular because they come in many different colors and sizes .
Poodles are also popular because they come in many different colors and sizes.
Poodles are among the smartest of breeds, but that intelligence can translate into stubbornness.
Poodles are bred in many different sizes .
Poodles are bred in many different sizes.
Poodles are canine scholars.
Poodles are classified as dogs.
Poodles are classified as gun dogs.
Poodles are dogs.
Poodles are dogs.
Poodles are easy to train and remember tasks well.
Poodles are eeeeeeeeeevil .
Poodles are energetic, non-shedding, fun loving dogs.
Poodles are friendly with other dogs and non-canine pets .
Poodles are friendly with other dogs and non-canine pets.
Poodles are generally active and agile.
Poodles are generally healthy, but like all breeds, they're prone to certain health conditions.
Poodles are good with other dogs and work well as members of a team.
Poodles are highly intelligent, adaptable and have a remarkable sense of humor.
Poodles are highly trainable dogs that typically excel in obedience training.
Poodles are high-maintenance dogs.
Poodles are ideal family dogs, being both patient and playful with children.
Poodles are just one of our passions, and our dogs live as our pets.
Poodles are known as a highly intelligent, energetic, and sociable breed.
Poodles are loyal, gentle, obedient, and good with children.
Poodles are means.
Poodles are misunderstood.
Poodles are moderate and high-energy dogs, and require adequate daily exercise.
Poodles are one of the most frequent breeds to win dog shows.
Poodles are pets.
Poodles are smart.
Poodles are the classic example.
Poodles are the original working dogs.
Poodles are the second smartest breed of dog.
Poodles are thought to be one of the oldest water-retrieving breeds there are.
Poodles are unusually sensitive to vocal intonation, another reason they are so easy to train.
Poodles are very good for people with allergies .
Poodles are very high-energy and intelligent dogs that are very easy to train.
Poodles benefit from calorie dog food.
Poodles benefit from food.
Poodles can be almost any solid color.
Poodles can be mischievous and bore easily with repetitive routines.
Poodles can be one of the best family dogs possible.
Poodles can excel at performance activities such as agility and obedience.
Poodles can make a great pet.
Poodles come in a variety of colours - black, silver, apricot, white, cream and blue.
Poodles come in a variety of sizes but are all considered the same breed.
Poodles come in many different sizes and colors.
Poodles come in many sizes.
Poodles come in three poodle sizes and shapes.
Poodles descend from dogs.
Poodles do that.
Poodles don t smell.
Poodles eat food.
Poodles excel at performance activities such as agility and obedience.
Poodles exhibit symptoms.
Poodles exist in many coat colors.
Poodles Feel free to stop by and sign the guest book.
Poodles Find out about our Poodle Mailing List .
Poodles have (part) bone cells.
Poodles have (part) brains.
Poodles have (part) breasts.
Poodles have (part) chest cavities.
Poodles have (part) chests.
Poodles have (part) corpi.
Poodles have (part) ears.
Poodles have (part) faces.
Poodles have (part) ground substances.
Poodles have (part) heads.
Poodles have (part) marrow.
Poodles have (part) mast cells.
Poodles have (part) pads.
Poodles have (part) paws.
Poodles have (part) piluses.
Poodles have (part) rib cages.
Poodles have (part) sections.
Poodles have (part) skulls.
Poodles have (part) sterna.
Poodles have a deep chest and well-proportioned body.
Poodles have a dense undercoat which is course and curly.
Poodles have a long history.
Poodles have appearances.
Poodles have four legs.
Poodles have liver-colored noses, eye rims and lips, dark toenails and dark amber eyes.
Poodles have none of the golden fire of a husky or the emotional warmth of the Labrador.
Poodles have that background.
Poodles have the perfect temperament for hunting.
Poodles have the tendency to bloat.
Poodles have thick, curly hair rather than fur.
Poodles have unusual appearances.
Poodles have very fine, curly hair that sheds far less than that of other breeds.
Poodles have weepy eyes that can stain the surrounding hair.
Poodles is considered to be the best equestrian clown in history.
Poodles learn and grow during the puppy stages.
Poodles learn quickly, have a high rate of obedience and are skilled problem solving dogs.
Poodles love taste.
Poodles love to learn and want to please.
Poodles need proteins.
Poodles shed little to no hair and are good for allergy sufferers.
Poodles shed very little.
Poodles thrive on dog food.
Poodles thrive on food.
All poodles are pets.
Every poodle is an individual, and parents can construct diets specific to their own furkid.
Many Poodles are avid hunters and retrievers.
Most poodles adapt to life.
Most poodles are classified as dogs.
Most poodles are classified as gun dogs.
Most Poodles are just pets or have the honor of being displayed in a show ring.
Most poodles benefit from calorie dog food.
Most poodles benefit from food.
Most poodles descend from dogs.
Most poodles eat food.
Most poodles have appearances.
Most poodles have unusual appearances.
Most poodles thrive on dog food.
Most poodles thrive on food.
Some poodles are in fact pit bulls in disguise.
Some poodles eat grass.
Some poodles enter heat.
Some poodles get attention.
Some poodles have areas.
Some poodles show symptoms.
A pool ball is a ball
Pool balls are a commonly used example.
Pool balls are balls.
Pool balls are located in tables.
Pool balls are too small, but better than nothing.
Pool balls work nice in that they have great weight but are a bit on the small side.
Pool chemicals can also be corrosive.
Pool chemicals can be hazardous.
Most pool chemicals are harmful to shrubs, grass and foliage in concentrated from.
Most pool chemicals are strong oxidisers and many are corrosive.
Pool cleaners are just a few of the fine products available.
All pool equipment is available to students for classroom presentations.
Pool funds are generally available on a first come first serve basis.
Most pool halls are safe places to come and play, but as usual, be wary.
Pool heating is also available for a nominal charge.
Pool heating is available at an extra cost.
Pool parties are available with advance reservations.
Pool parties are by special request only.
Pool safety is no accident and drowning is preventable.
Pool safety is vital when small children are near the swimming pool.
A pool table is a table
Pool table is available.
Pool tables are also available.
Pool tables are always busy, and a series of TVs show rodeo whenever possible.
Pool tables are available in the Pit area.
Pool tables are available.
Pool tables are charged by the hour, dart boards are a small fee.
Pool tables are harder to come by, clearing up only after an hour or more.
Pool tables are tables.
Pool tables line one side of the joint.
Pool toys can attract children to the water.
A pool is excavation
Pool cover to be on pool at time of final inspection.
Pool covers can also hold enough water to cause a problem.
Pool covers save energy and money.
Pool exercises and informal peer support for women who have undergone breast cancer surgery.
POOL is a free service.
Pool isa artifact.
Pool plays underwater music.
POOL Renting a pavilion is done on a first come first serve basis.
Pool tables on premises.
Pool tables upstairs and Boston's best live bands downstairs.
Pool tables upstairs for rent by the hour.
Pool view from bedroom.
Pools accumulate detritus and are important sites for organic decomposition and nutrient recycling.
Pools add to the rental price but only because they raise the value of the house.
Pools are a big maintenance and liability headache.
Pools are a great place to stay cool during the hot summer days.
Pools are a great source of recreation but can also become death traps.
Pools are accessible for the physically challenged.
Pools are accessible to individuals with disabilities.
Pools are also community centers.
Pools are another example of taking skateboards to the curved concrete.
Pools are areas where water moves much more slowly and is therefore less erosive.
Pools are areas with quieter, deeper water where the salmon parr live and grow.
Pools are as much about creating an atmosphere as recreation.
Pools are available at some locations.
Pools are available for rental as schedule permits.
Pools are big and wonderful, but they can easily get in the way and disturb level flow.
Pools are bodies of water.
Pools are closed if there is a safety concern or a chemical imbalance of the pool water.
Pools are common in Florida.
Pools are construction.
Pools are deeper and more frequent, and the quality of spawning gravels has improved.
Pools are deeper than adjacent areas.
Pools are DTC eligible.
Pools are easiest to fill and maintain on sites with a high water table and a clay soil-type.
Pools are excavation.
Pools are expensive to rent and maintain.
Pools are formed by rainwater.
Pools are formed by water.
Pools are free.
Pools are fun, but they're work, too.
Pools are generally easy to distinguish because they are the deepest parts of the stream.
Pools are great, but the average domestic water heating system takes two hours to fill one.
Pools are important in providing deeper areas for fish.
Pools are important resting areas for several fish species.
Pools are important winter and foraging habitat.
Pools are located in backyards.
Pools are located in gyms.
Pools are located in motels.
Pools are located in waterfalls.
Pools are longer, and the rapids lose some of their intensity.
Pools are more and more accessible through the sliding glass doors off of the family room.
Pools are often either too small, or make very little provision for effective viewing.
Pools are one of the most obvious features of a stream.
Pools are open everywhere else.
Pools are open from dawn to dusk.
Pools are open to guests at the cabins, and are generally open to day use for a fee.
Pools are organizations.
Pools are popular games.
Pools are short sentences.
Pools are smoother and look darker than the other areas of the stream.
Pools are stakes.
Pools are table games.
Pools are used for bathing.
Pools are used for diving.
Pools are used for drinking.
Pools are used for joins.
Pools are used for pees.
Pools are used for play.
Pools are used for races.
Pools are used for resting.
Pools are used for swimming.
Pools are used for viewing.
Pools are usually big with whirlpools and wave machines.
Pools are usually six feet deep or deeper and are great for fish to hold.
Pools are very small.
Pools are work even when the weather turns colder.
Pools attract ducks.
Pools can also cause an airplane to skid.
Pools can be a trendy issue.
Pools can be especially dangerous in the case where small children have unrestricted access.
Pools can be of almost any size or shape, depending on the site.
Pools can be of any shape depending on architectural requirements.
Pools can contain collections of clone probes and subpools.
Pools can form behind natural obstructions in the channel, such as logs deposited on the bed.
Pools can have a defined or an unlimited capacity to contain tokens.
Pools can serve many different purposes and it helps if they are built with specific ones in mind.
Pools can sometimes turn into geysers and visa versa when conditions change.
Pools contain water.
Pools fill in winter from the rains, and evaporate in the dry heat of summer.
Pools fill with water.
Pools form in the small depressions following winter rains.
Pools formed along the riverbank are other popular fish haunts.
Pools have (part) sections.
Pools have bottoms.
Pools have higher minimum-investment requirements than public funds.
Pools have lessons in swimming and water polo.
Pools have mass appeal and are the most common types of gaming on the planet.
Pools have mud bottoms.
Pools have sides.
Pools have soft bottoms.
Pools have soft mud bottoms.
Pools have various hours depending on the day of the week.
Pools have very specific safety rules which are beyond the scope of our inspection.
Pools have water.
Pools help protect streambanks from erosion by absorbing some of the energy of the flowing water.
Pools hold tokens in no particular order.
Pools inhabited by both species are subject to high pH, high temperatures, and rapid evaporation.
Pools located near sandy soils or dry, open areas are of particular importance to spadefoot toads.
Pools make good midday resting spots for medium to large trout.
Pools make it possible to administer alternate versions of the same test.
Pools offer accessibility for ambulatory and non-ambulatory participants.
Pools offer more space than spas, allowing for a wider variety and more vigorous exercises.
Pools pose more of a threat to toddlers.
Pools promote and make people aware of product that is available.
Pools prove to be Lotto trouble .
Pools provide collateral for securities sold in the capital markets.
Pools Provide recreational swim activities for eleven weeks during the summer months.
Pools range in size from a few score square meters to several hectares.
Pools reap rewards for energy efficiency.
Pools require certain basic items over the cost of the pool.
Pools require supervised swimming.
Pools retain water.
Pools returns from sales and pays growers the price for wheat less all service charges.
Pools show that the party that for years had been the master of life and death is now undesirable.
Pools typically are small, covering at most a few score square meters.
Pools use equipment.
Pools use own scuba equipment.
Pools use scuba equipment.
Pools work just as well, even the portable kind.
Pools often hold suckers as well as tout.
All pools are available for rentals.
All pools are frozen.
All pools are handicap accessible and are equipped with bathhouses.
All pools are handicap accessible with assistance.
All pools are only minutes away from the villa.
All pools are open.
All pools are predominantly cattail, bulrush, and other emergent vegetation.
All pools below are the most popular styles available today.
All pools charge a monthly fee.
All pools contain various marine life.
All pools offer swim lessons, recreational and lap swimming, youth water polo and swim leagues.
All pools provide excellent naturist enjoyment.
Every pool gets algae at least once a year.
Every pool has area where salmon bite best.
Every pool is different.
Every pool needs oxygenating plants.
Many pools fill in fall or winter.
Many pools have clubs or teams.
Many pools have ramps or devices to help disabled people safely enter and enjoy the water.
Many pools have vests which can be rented or a vest can be purchased at the local running stores.
Many pools offer lessons for recreational or competitive swimming.
Many pools offer year-round water polo practices and recreational competition.
Many pools use one filtration system for several pools.
Most pools are bank collective trusts, although separate account and mutual fund pools exist.
Most pools are formed by rainwater.
Most pools are formed by water.
Most pools are full, or nearly full.
Most pools are open from Memorial Day to Labor Day.
Most pools are rectangular in design although some shaping is possible.
Most pools are small.
Most pools attract ducks.
Most pools contain thousands of gallons of water, so algae quickly can become an enormous hassle.
Most pools contain water.
Most pools do insist that babies wear a swimming costume of some kind, though.
Most pools fill with water.
Most pools go down in the winter.
Most pools have a set of colorful pennants hanging across the pool near each end wall.
Most pools have bottoms.
Most pools have mud bottoms.
Most pools have sides.
Most pools have soft bottoms.
Most pools have soft mud bottoms.
Most pools retain water.
Most pools still require written reactions and mandatory pool meetings.
Most pools use equipment.
Most pools use own scuba equipment.
Most pools use scuba equipment.
Much pool is played.
Some pools advance deductible payments on particular claims then seek reimbursement from the member.
Some pools also have a shallow pool with slides.
Some pools also have saunas, sunbeds and fitness equipment.
Some pools are interest only.
Some pools are milky blue from dissolved silica in the water.
Some pools are produced by localize thunderstorms.
Some pools are produced by summer thunderstorms.
Some pools are produced by thunderstorms.
Some pools are underlain by very shallow soil over bedrock.
Some pools attract insects.
Some pools consist of individuals.
Some pools contain samples.
Some pools fill with rainwater.
Some pools have blocks at the deeper end of the pool, while some pools have blocks at both ends.
Some pools have cups.
Some pools have deep clay deposits that form distinctive islands or peninsulas.
Some pools have diving boards, children's pools, and water slides.
Some pools have life.
Some pools have rules now that don t allow babes to swim in diapers.
Some pools have seasonal membership cards available.
Some pools have standard safe dome-shaped drain outlets with small holes on the sides.
Some pools only occur seasonally while others retain enough water to be present all year.
Some pools organize to form intra-pool competitions.
Some pools require extra precaution.
Some pools require precaution.
Some pools serve purposes.
Pooled interdependence requires standardization in rules and operating procedures.
Pooled points are extra credit type points.
Pooled references are another goodie.
Pooled resources can offer significant economic benefits.
Pooled resources result in lower geospatial data production costs for each partner.
Every pooled room has a comprehensive menu of applications.
Pooled threads are a mechanism which reduces the overhead incurred by the creation of threads.
Pooled water introduced into the fuel system is of no benefit to operating engines.
A pooler is a participant
Poolers can rotate car use and driving, so that each person's vehicle and time are shared equally.
Poolers use one car owned by one driver.
Many poolers find rotating drivers weekly or monthly to be the most practical carpool arrangement.
Pooltester kits are the quick and easy way for the routine control of private pools and spas.
A poon is wood
Poon is from Canada.
Poon plans to ask next.
Poon strives to create clear, fresh and light meals with simple elegance and a dash of adventure.
Poons are trees.
Poons are wood.
Poops are abnormal.
Poor ability makes lectures and classes difficult.
Poor abstracts tend to read more like expanded tables of content.
Poor access is available.
Poor access stops disabled people playing a full part in our society.
Poor accessibility decreases the value of a building.
Poor accuracy indicates that the same mistake was made in each measurement.
Poor achievement can surely lead to behavior problems.
Poor adherence leads to drug resistance, which in turn results in drug failure.
Poor adhesion Fail in scotch tape peeling or nail scratching test.
Poor adhesion results on surfaces such as plastic or galvanized metal that has an oily film on it.
Poor adhesions result from overcoating.
Poor administration can destroy the protective features of the zoning ordinance.
Poor adverts can damage sales or spoil a brands identity.
Poor aeration is common in home composting.
Poor alignment can lead to poor nutrition because it is harder to chew foods.
Poor alignment can often be one of the leading factors of pain and decreased range of motion.
Poor alignment is a result of the suspension and steering systems being out of adjustment.
Poor appearance is indicative of poor performance.
Poor appetite can occur as well.
Poor appetite is another noteworthy symptom.
Poor appetite is common.
Poor areas struggle to keep their schools open.
Poor areas suffer more from earthquakes than do wealthy ones.
Many poor areas are better markets and less risky investments than businesses realize.
Poor attendance can have serious consequences, both academic and financial.
Poor attendance can result in probation or termination.
Poor attendance causes poor performance on tests and exams, so come to class.
Poor attendance causes the student to fall behind in their work.
Poor attendance consists of two or more absences.
Poor attendance correlates highly with poor grades.
Poor attendance is a sure way to miss important information.
Poor attendance is another problem beyond their control, teachers say.
Poor attendance is often the cause for poor grades.
Poor attendance is often the cause of poor grades.
Poor attendance is one of the best predictors of dropping out of school later.
Poor attendance is the primary cause of low grades.
Poor attention is paid to the converters.
Poor attitude shows bumness.
Poor baby is tired.
Poor baby looks so beat up.
Poor baby shake that booty.
Poor balance adds tension, as muscles contract to support off-center weight.
Poor balance is often the result of a restless mind or distracted attention.
Poor balance leads to poorer shooting percentages.
Poor bandwidth can cause the picture to lack sharpness, and small characters to be illegible.
Poor bandwidth can cost for screen brightness and loss of picture sharpness.
Poor batteries shorten an alternators life.
Poor bearing is usually the result of inadequate pollination.
Poor behavior can result in a phone call requesting parents to pick up a student.
Poor beneficiaries are willing to select and pay for water and sanitation services.
Poor bloke needs a change of pace.
Poor bodywork is the main cause of redos.
Poor bond leads to increased water ingress.
Poor books are dangerous in that they misinform the reader.
Poor boundaries lead to unsafe and unsatisfying sex.
A poor boy is a sandwich
Poor boy is all afire.
Poor boy is dead and gone.
Poor brakes make deadly auto accidents on America's highways and byways inevitable.
Poor brakes make the vehicle difficult to test on the dynamometer.
Poor breeding can result in animals that give nasty bites and spray urine with extreme accuracy.
Poor bypasses can lead to oscillation.
Poor bypasses can ruin an oscillator or amplifier.
Poor cables can also make the soundstage less transparent.
Poor care can lead to behaviour problems, resulting in frequent moves and worse behaviour problems.
Poor care can lead to serious health problems.
Poor catches occur when bottom turbidity is high on the benthic spawning grounds.
Poor catenary means some strands in the roving length are longer than others.
Poor celebrations weaken and destroy faith.
Poor centers hire and fire in the same manner as fast food restaurants.
Poor chairs can contribute to back problems, circulation problems, and breathing problems.
Poor cheque cashing policies and carelessness increase the risk of loss.
Poor children are also less likely to have a family doctor to see when they are sick.
Poor children are also much more likely to drop out than better-off pupils.
Poor children are at especially high risk of hospitalization for asthma.
Poor children are at greatest risk.
Poor children are less likely to do well in school, of course.
Poor children are less likely to learn to read well, to test well, or to finish school.
Poor children are more likely to be hospitalized and to experience low quality medical care.
Poor children are more likely to die at every age and from every cause.
Poor children are three times more likely to die during their childhood than non-poor children.
Poor children are twice as likely to have stunted growth, iron deficiency and severe asthma.
Poor children arrive at the schoolhouse door with the same set of problems as before.
Poor children benefit the most.
Poor children can learn.
Poor children face bleak futures.
Poor children get off to a bad start before they're born.
Poor children go to college on scholarships.
Poor children have fewer opportunities than in past years.
Poor children have poor health outcomes.
Poor children remain poor.
Poor children tend to go to poor schools that are attended largely by other poor children.
Poor children try to hide loss of shoes from parents in thought-provoking drama from Iran.
Many poor children have either no health care or inadequate health care.
More poor children involved in road accidents, Scottish research shows.
Most poor children live in a family which includes a worker.
Most poor children live in families with a working parent.
Poor chiropractors are apt to substitute machinery for knowledge.
Poor choices are usually the result of poor information.
Poor choices can destroy everything.
Poor choices can harm people, pets, wildlife, and the environment.
Poor choices concerning sexual lifestyles and attitudes can lead to painful consequences.
Poor choices invite errors of fact, method, and concept.
Poor choices lead to soft, lazy, unrefined sounding amplifiers.
Some poor choices affect women.
Some poor choices lead to outcomes.
Some poor choices lead to unhealthy outcomes.
Poor circulation can also cause problems with healing.
Poor circulation can also lead to swelling and dryness of the foot.
Poor circulation can contribute to shin splints.
Poor circulation can make feet cold and puffy and interfere with the healing of wounds.
Poor circulation can make foot problems worse.
Poor circulation can make injuries and infections more difficult to heal.
Poor circulation can result from lying or sitting in one position for too long.
Poor circulation can slow down healing.
Poor circulation increases the risk of ulcers, cramps, and gangrene.
Poor circulation is implicated in many diseases.
Poor circulation is one of the leading causes of sulfur spots and unwanted algaes.
Poor circulation is suspected.
Poor circulation is the cause of many dangerous health problems in people with diabetes.
Poor circulation is thought to be one cause of phantom pain.
Poor circulation is to blame.
Poor circulation leads to irreversible nerve damage throughout the body.
Poor circulation means a poor flow of blood, which slows healing.
Poor circulation prevents foot tissues from fighting infection.
Poor circulation produces weaker laminae.
Poor circulation suffered by people with diabetes is often a sign of blocked or narrowed arteries.
Poor citizens make a poor nation.
Poor cities become poverty magnets.
Poor color is a sign of low oxygen in the aquarium.
Poor color is another possibility.
Poor combination sets a chain reaction of poor digestion and fermentation of foods.
Poor combustion can result in the formation and emission of toxicants, such as dioxins and furans.
Poor combustion is encouraged creating soot.
Poor communication can be frustrating.
Poor communication can lead to frustration, so please leave as many contact details as possible.
Poor communication can result in tragic consequences.
Poor communication causes unnecessary withdrawals.
Poor communication exists when employees permit it.
Poor communication is a frequent cause of accidents.
Poor communication is a key cause of project failures.
Poor communication is a major cause of stressful situations.
Poor communication is a symptom of a dysfunctional group.
Poor communication is the number-one cause of problems among church staff.
Poor communication is the source of most malpractice suits.
Poor communication leaves teens as well as lovers of all ages in the dark.
Poor communication makes change more difficult.
Poor communication means a weak organization or community. .
Poor communication means a weak organization. .
Poor communication means no team.
Poor communication precedes marital trouble.
Poor communication wreaks havoc in the workplace.
Poor communications can result in arguments, hurt feelings and poor performance.
Poor communications is frustrating for everybody.
Poor communications weakens every endeavor.
Poor communicators are hard to listen to and understand.
Poor communities are particularly vulnerable.
Poor communities exist because resources and income are largely absent.
Poor commutation exists when there is excessive sparking requiring abnormal main- tenance.
Poor compaction can lead to early deterioration of an asphalt pavement.
Poor compliance contributes much more than resistance to therapeutic failure.
Poor compliance is a major factor in unstable outpatient control of anticoagulant therapy.
Poor compliance is a problem common to many treatments for psychotic disorders.
Poor compliance is often a major problem in the implementation of an exercise program.
Poor composition can ruin an otherwise worthy picture.
Poor composition is the most common mistake that people make when shooting vacation pictures.
Poor compost can release odor and even kill plants as it releases ammonia and heat.
Poor compression can lead to false positive readings.
Poor concentration is the major reason why athletes choke and get stuck in performance slumps.
Poor conditions affect both the health and the morale of staff and students.
Poor conditions affect health.
Poor conditions can cause kits to die.
Poor conditions halt the development of the fetus.
Poor conditions mean slower growth, less tissue laid down and consequently a narrower ring.
Poor conditions result in longer transmission times.
Most poor conditions affect health.
Some poor conditions contribute to development.
Poor conductivity can cause delayed defrost or premature defrost termination.
Some poor conductivity leads to consequences.
Some poor conductivity leads to undesirable consequences.
Poor conductors are called insulators.
Poor conductors can reduce heat loss .
Poor conductors can reduce heat loss.
Poor conductors reduce the number of electrons flowing.
Poor conformation can also contribute to the condition.
Poor conformation is a factor when stress is placed on a specific area of a leg.
Poor connections are usually the cause.
Poor connections can also cause intermittent electrical contact between wires and pins.
Poor connectivity thwarts e-commerce plans and frustrates traveling employees and teleworkers.
Poor contact causes ABS to engage prematurely extending braking distances.
Poor content is changeable but poor design is the death of a site.
Poor content is cited as the number one reason Web surfers go to another site, explained the survey.
Poor contract management plays roles.
Poor contrast affects legibility.
Poor control can be the result of large sclerotia on seed pieces.
Poor control equals dental problems.
Poor control is characterized by greater than one seizure since last visit.
Poor coordination is one of the most dangerous sources of wasted time, wasted resources and burnout.
Poor coordination is the first sign.
Poor coordination leads to ataxia and agraphia.
Poor copies produce electronic documents that are very difficult to read.
Poor copy is in danger of being rejected.
Poor countries achieve debt reduction.
Poor countries are less able to protect their citizens.
Poor countries are only poor because they have poor leaders.
Poor countries are worst hit, but even the rich ones are no longer immune from major disruption.
Poor countries can become rich by increasing the share of GDP they invest.
Poor countries can cure their sick, when given the sufficient funds for the proper treatment.
Poor countries do it.
Poor countries face severe economic problems.
Poor countries have high birth rates and large families.
Poor countries have lots of unskilled labour.
Poor countries have the worst environmental problems.
Poor countries seek universal primary education.
Poor countries stay poor partly because of the rules of world trade.
Many poor countries are crippled with debt hampering their development.
Many poor countries are to the South.
Many poor countries have large amounts of lead in the air and the water.
Many poor countries have trouble with the introduction of new crops and reaching attainable yield.
Some poor countries are ill-equipped to adapt.
Some poor countries increase wealth.
Some poor countries provide totally free higher education.
Poor counties pay less, while prosperous counties pay more.
Poor couples are twice as likely to divorce as more affluent ones.
Many poor couples start a family without thinking of the expenses that go along with children.
Poor coverage is poor coverage and poor pass rush is poor pass rush.
Poor coverage means poor control.
Poor creatures suffer pain.
Poor creatures suffer significant pain.
Most poor creatures suffer pain.
Most poor creatures suffer significant pain.
Poor credit means many late pays.
Poor credit prevents people from buying the house they want.
Poor crop eliminating much of the helmeted firefighter is unfortunate.
Poor dancers use and abuse it, flailing away at the audience with unbridled motion.
Poor data negate the usefulness of the technology.
Poor decisions can be costly.
Poor decisions can lead to serious legal problems and expensive litigation.
Poor decisions can require several years to repair.
Poor decisions cost more time in the long run than collaboration.
Poor decisions do nothing to make our world a better place to live.
Poor dehydration causes smudging of the stain.
Poor delegation is a primary cause of managerial failure.
Poor delegation leads to a turnoff of talented people because of a perceived lack of trust.
Poor descriptions are one of the reasons people are bypassing search engine links.
Poor design can also encourage mistakes.
Poor design can be a problem.
Poor design can interfere with the direct response process.
Poor design does create difficulties for all web users.
Poor design equals poor quality.
Poor design gets in the way.
Poor design is most often attributable to lower competency of the architectural team.
Poor designs are almost always overly complex.
Poor designs fail the test with probable death and possible extinction of a whole species.
Poor designs lead to increased joint problems and fatigue much quicker on the water.
Poor dexterity makes it difficult to insert, remove and adjust the smaller hearing aids.
Poor dictation can make a word processing job take ten times longer than necessary.
Poor diet can also cause a person to have a foggy mind and be less present.
Poor diet can cause fatigue and slow healing.
Poor diet can impair mental efficiency.
Poor diet can lead to coronary artery disease, obesity and atherosclerosis.
Poor diet coupled with alcoholism is the most common cause of folate deficiency.
Poor diet leads to poor health, low work productivity and impaired mental functions.
Poor diet leads to poor health, low work productivity, and impaired mental functions.
Poor diet leads to poor health, which can make asthma worse.
Poor diet lowers the resistance.
Poor diet urges negative imagery.
Poor diets affect development.
Poor diets can lead to health problems serious enough to endanger their lives.
Most poor diets affect development.
Some poor diets affect performance.
Some poor diets cause many problems.
Some poor diets cause problems.
Some poor diets contribute to development.
Some poor diets contribute to problems.
Some poor diets have effects.
Some poor diets have term effects.
Some poor diets lead to illnesses.
Poor digestibility is another reason for rejecting unprocessed residues.
Poor digestion can be the result of many things.
Poor digestion can often exaggerate the symptoms associated with flatulence.
Poor digestion is a common problem amongst the elderly.
Poor digestion is sometimes the cause and digestive enzymes are often helpful.
Poor digestion leads to loss of fat, protein, and sugar into the stool.
Poor disclosure makes readiness harder to assess in the developing world.
Poor display is to blame.
Poor displays are a sign of apathy.
Poor distances are a further proof of possible disorder.
Poor districts are much more close to adequacy than ever before.
Poor districts have less fundraising capacity and opportunity than wealthy ones.
Poor documentation deserves poor grades.
Poor documentation encourages an environment where purchase cards can be misused.
Poor documentation is a significant problem in search and rescue and disaster response.
Poor documentation is a universally recognized pitfall.
Poor drainage can be fatal to rock cresses, especially in humid-summer areas.
Poor drainage can be the result of the soil type or the grade.
Poor drainage can cause flooding and starve plant root for oxygen.
Poor drainage can cause serious problems for plants, including root rot.
Poor drainage can encourage the growth of soil-borne water molds that cause root rot of some crops.
Poor drainage can lead to fungi and diseases setting in.
Poor drainage can remove the oxygen available to the roots from the soil and kill the tree.
Poor drainage can ruin a good trail.
Poor drainage causes more problems for landscape plants than any other factor.
Poor drainage characterizes most of the lake plain and much of the surrounding ground moraine.
Poor drainage encourages root diseases and increases the hazard of winter killing.
Poor drainage has a special effect on efficiency of nitrogen fertilizers.
Poor drainage is a likely restriction on yield in that environment.
Poor drainage is often due to seepage water.
Poor drainage is usually fatal.
Poor drainage kills more container plants than nearly any other cause.
Poor drainage kills more plants than any other cause.
Poor drainage kills more Rhododendrons than anything else.
Poor drainage leaves water in the road, or allows it to percolate in from the sides.
Poor drainage reduces growth.
Some poor drainage causes damage.
Poor dreamers buy many more lottery tickets than wealthy lawyers.
Poor drivers can cause accidents with even the best of drivers.
Poor economies lead to unstable political conditions.
Poor economies rely much less on markets than rich economies.
Poor education is one of the main forces that are keeping child labour strong.
Poor education limits success in the labor market.
Poor education remains a symptom.
Poor Elephants click and listen.
Poor emitters are poor absorbers at the same wavelength.
Poor employees deliver headaches, and reduce profits.
Poor encryption offers a false sense of security.
Poor engineering touches all around.
Poor environments can cost more in animal performance than any fuel savings.
Poor environments make rich people poor.
Poor equipment can mean lost time, lost money, and lost sleep.
Poor equipment causes slow connections.
Poor equipment goes on very few memorable hunts.
Poor estimates are also a tip-off.
Poor ethics can sap business production and long-term results.
Poor ethics is one of the biggest problems facing hunters today.
Poor evaluations can maintain the status quo and improvement is minimal.
Poor execution can also be a problem.
Poor execution can ruin any well laid plan.
Poor execution leads to runs scored and a breakdown in the team's focus.
Poor expression can be simple but still needs to be edited.
Poor eyesight can also cause problems during lectures.
Poor eyesight can cause people to trip over both cats and dogs.
Poor eyesight is hereditary.
Poor facilities are available to children in the workplace.
Poor families are less likely to have nutritionally adequate diets than non poor families.
Poor families are less likely to have nutritionally adequate diets than nonpoor families.
Poor families are most vulnerable to the lack of social safety nets.
Poor families can get financial help to pay for child-care expenses through a number of programs.
Poor families eat bread.
Poor families face a number of obstacles in obtaining appropriate health care.
Poor families fight to feed the children, get clean clothes and find a job.
Poor families get a leg up, their sons get top quality training from an early age.
Poor families have an incredible sense of community.
Poor families have more children and have more young children in particular, than non-poor families.
Poor families have to spend a quarter of their income on child care.
Poor families living in the suburbs most frequently face worst case needs.
Poor families look upon a child as one more pair of hands to add to the family kitty.
Poor families move and have phone service disconnected frequently.
Poor families participate less in activities that reduce injuries and poisonings.
Poor families run the risk of rearing a generation of sickly children.
Poor families use watered down coconut milk for curries, and lard very sparingly.
Many poor families go to the mountains to scrounge for their firewood.
Many poor families have incomes well below the poverty line.
Many poor families have several workers.
Many poor families rely on the school system's meal programs during the school year.
Many poor families struggle with bills, or have their utilities turned off.
Most poor families eat bread.
Most poor families have none, one or two children.
Most poor families receive benefits from two or three programs simultaneously.
Poor farmers have to use tropical forestland to grow food for their children.
Many poor farmers find that, as a result, they can no longer make a living from their land.
Poor fellow is so confused.
Poor fertility is a complex problem involving many contributing management factors.
Poor fights improve slightly to okay for the denouement.
Poor filters can even grow mold.
Poor Filters Discussing filter preferences is almost like talking religion or politics.
Poor financing is responsible for the field s problems.
A poor fish is a person
Poor fish begin to float on top.
Poor fish is caught.
Poor fishing exists around Squaw Island because of carbonate of lime deposits.
Poor fitness can lead to poor prayer and a flabby spirituality.
Poor fitness leads to poor posture.
Poor flows mean less nutrients.
Poor focus is a common defect of eclipse photography.
Poor folks can be rich in health, and millionaires can be paupers.
Poor folks get no respect.
Poor folks tend to be fatter than the affluent.
Some poor folk can get it all but the passing.
Poor footing can also lead to animal injury.
Poor footing is dangerous and can cause a horse to move timidly or with resistance.
Poor footwear is another cause of foot injuries.
Poor form means wasted energy, which means slower times.
Poor funding prevents access to better teachers, facilities and services.
Poor gait is considered a major flaw.
Poor girl has a hair cut.
Poor girl looks absolutely whipped after a hard day of work.
Poor girls are particularly vulnerable to economic coercion.
Some poor girls have fevers.
Some poor girls have high fevers.
Some poor girls lead life.
Poor git looks dazed.
Poor glazes can injure people physically.
Poor golf relates to poor concentration.
Poor governance elicits the community's distrust of government.
Poor governance generates a social environment detrimental to development.
Poor governance is another reason for high failure rates.
Poor grades are a condemnation that leaves some individuals with despair.
Poor grades are often the results of irregular class attendance.
Poor grammar is another giveaway.
Poor grammar makes the work almost incomprehensible.
Poor graphics make any appeal look rather unenthusiastic.
Poor grass is defined as a herb-rich grassland of poorer soils.
Poor grounds cause antennas to operate at less than best efficiency.
Poor grounding gives weak shocks.
Poor grounding is the leading cause of electric fence failures.
Poor growers have too hot greenhouses with too small or non-existent fans.
Poor growth can also be a result of poor intake.
Poor growth is usually due to some other factor, such as insufficient light.
Poor growth results from too much shade.
Poor guide is stuck in the middle.
Poor guy breaks out into a sweat trying to maintain eye contact.
Poor guy comes walking up to say hello and gets jumped by about twenty monks with swords.
Poor guy deserves some fun.
Poor guy has no sense of direction.
Poor guy has some crotch critters or some groin itches.
Poor guy is tired.
Poor guy's a nobody.
Poor guys are always the first to go.
Some poor guys are in terrible states.
Poor handwriting indicates a child is under stress and is emotionally vulnerable.
Poor health affects certain organs.
Poor health affects organs.
Poor health can affect libido, mating ability, and semen production and quality.
Poor health causes some people to retire early.
Poor health constitutes one of the fundamental risks to household well being.
Poor health exacerbates poverty and limits social and economic development.
Poor health has complex causes.
Poor health inhibits an individual's ability to work, reduces earning capacity and deepens poverty.
Poor health is a common consequence of poverty and poverty can be a consequence of poor health.
Poor health is a major cause of poverty in rural areas.
Poor health is a reflection of the low status of women in many developing countries.
Poor health is both a cause and consequence of employment problems.
Poor health is the twin sister of poverty.
Poor health prevents one from enjoying one's life, despite riches or wealth.
Poor health seems to be a frequent cause of premature retirement.
Poor health seems to be inherent to their life style.
Most poor health affects certain organs.
Most poor health affects organs.
Some poor health is caused by emotional problems.
Some poor health is caused by problems.
Poor hearing makes cats defensive - they strike out first and ask questions later.
Poor heat treating can totally ruin a sword.
Poor households are shrewd investors.
Poor households are wellequipped with modern entertainment technology.
Poor households depend excessively on a single occupation.
Poor households employ a variety of survival strategies.
Poor households protect themselves from income risk by diversifying their sources of income.
Poor households spend a large proportion of their income on food.
Poor households transport their water, their fuel, their food.
Poor housing exists across all tenures.
Poor housing is common, and even the best homes often have poor, leaky roofs.
Poor housing is just one of the problems for the squatters.
Poor hydration leads to thickening of nasal mucus.
Poor hygiene accelerates the outbreak.
Poor hygiene can also spread yeast infections.
Poor hygiene can contribute to folliculitis.
Poor hygiene causes shigella to be easily passed from person to person.
Poor hygiene leads to disease and potential fatality.
Some poor hygiene causes problems.
Some poor hygiene leads to infection.
Poor illustration suggests that the yellow stripe was half the height of the other colors.
Poor immigrants do the hardest, poorest paid work in the fields and on the streets.
Poor implementation renders the best passwords and encryption schemes ineffectual.
Poor incubation can cause embryo death.
Poor individuals remain at great risk of homelessness despite the strong economy.
Poor information abounds.
Poor information adds risk.
Poor information can increase cost.
Poor information can prove worse than no information at all.
Poor information is one of the most frequent criticisms made by patients of mental health services.
Poor infrastructure hinders the spread of growth to Peru's non-coastal areas.
Poor infrastructure is a major impediment to distribution of goods and services.
Poor infrastructures make refueling and other logistics difficult.
Poor initialisation can lead to weak final schedules or excessive computing times.
Poor installation can cause misalignment.
Poor installation is the cause of most problems.
Poor instruction can do more harm than good.
Poor insulation can eat up hundreds of dollars energy costs each year.
Poor integration makes transactions cumbersome and eats into potential savings.
Poor integration requires more training as users have to learn multiple systems.
Poor interface reminds people they are working with a machine.
Poor interpretation makes comprehension even more difficult.
Poor invaders stock the nutrition in their hyphae.
Poor irrigation is a mixed blessing.
Poor judgement can cause new hires and existing employees problems.
Poor judgement is a natural outcome when the brain is influenced by alcohol.
Poor judgment is something men long ago learned to live with.
Poor judgment leading to gross stupidity is a classic effect of oncoming hypothermia.
Poor justification is the most common cause of reduced or zero allocations.
Poor kids are more likely to be tomorrow's poor people.
Poor kids can learn just as well as higher income kids.
Poor kids end up at worst schools in current system.
Poor kids tend to have little hope for a better future.
More poor kids go up front now.
Poor lambs are in for a shock.
Poor lance has all kinds of woman troubles back on Earth.
Poor lawyers make poor mediators for their clients.
Poor layout can lead to lower sales and lost customers.
Poor leaders allow bad behaviors to persist.
Poor leaders are unwilling to share the limelight, which triggers resentment among followers.
Poor leaders get in late and leave on time.
Poor leadership frustrates both people and projects.
Poor leadership is a key factor contributing to poor governmental IT use.
Poor leadership undermines stability.
All poor lecturers are nonprofessors.
Some poor lecturers are nonprofessors.
Some poor lecturers are professors.
Poor light is no restriction.
Poor lighting affects both workers and customers.
Poor lighting can accentuate light colors or create dark shadows under participants eyes.
Poor lighting can cause eyestrain and headaches.
Poor lighting can cause glare, contributing to eyestrain and visual fatigue.
Poor lighting can greatly reduce reading speed.
Poor lighting creates eye fatigue.
Poor lighting leads to bud drop and poor growth after flowering.
Poor linearity causes onscreen objects to look flattened or squished.
Poor listeners dismiss most lectures as dull and irrelevant.
Poor listeners let their minds to wander.
Poor listeners notice faults in a lecturer's appearance or delivery.
Poor listeners see a professor as a talking head.
Poor listeners stop listening to the speaker and start listening to themselves.
Poor listeners talk too much.
Poor listeners tend to jump to conclusions and cut others off before they've finished speaking.
Poor listeners tune people out on the basis of a few words.
Poor localisation seems to be a consistent problem across all applications.
Poor location can also adversely affect the performance of the logging machines.
Poor locations take longer to fill and get lower rents.
Poor losses are generally of low probability.
Poor lube seems to show up very well here.
Poor maintenance allows lint to build up in the exhaust duct and cause fire.
Poor maintenance brings high repair bills.
Poor maintenance can shorten the life of a heat exchanger.
Poor maintenance catches up with the aircraft owner at sale time.
Poor maintenance is a key money waster.
Poor maintenance is a sure way of getting rid of visitors, perhaps permanently.
Poor maintenance is a sure way of losing visitors, perhaps permanently.
Poor maintenance is a sure way of turning away users, perhaps permanently.
Poor maintenance is almost as dangerous as ignorance.
Poor maintenance is one of the leading discoveries of a home inspection.
Poor maintenance is the main cause of poor air quality.
Poor man do the bidding for the rich man.
Poor man is in search of a posting.
Poor man s nukes .
Poor men bestow a few pence, but the rich hand over large sums.
Poor men get ice in the winter.
Poor men have friends.
Poor men know plants.
Poor men praise whatever worse outweighs hope's burn.
Poor men tend to be partisans of democracy.
Most poor men have friends.
Most poor men know plants.
Some poor men leave children.
Some poor men leave many children.
Poor management can lead to poor performance, inefficiency, bad relationships and expensive failure.
Poor management is a leading cause of business failure.
Poor management is another factor contributing to the failure of many small business ventures.
Poor management is another problem that can arise and cause great harm.
Poor management is different from discrimination and harassment.
Poor management is listed as the primary cause of business failure.
Poor management is never profitable.
Poor management is the largest single cause of business failure.
Poor management is to blame.
Poor management makes bad decisions.
Poor managers are the worst enemy of retention that an organization can have.
Poor managers can directly cost a company in lost productivity and customers.
Poor manners can lead to poor profits.
Poor markets mean lower timber prices.
Poor marketing can endanger the success of the business.
Poor marketing is another factor.
Poor measurement leads to mistrust, poor contract conditions and increased management costs.
Poor mechanics are also a primary cause of injury to young arms.
Poor mechanics leads to wasted energy.
Poor memory can mean that medication is missed and appointments forgotten.
Poor memory is frequently traceable to compromised attention.
Poor memory is often the result of poor concentration or trying to do too many things at one time.
Poor metabolism is broken if enough chromium is available.
Poor methodology can lead to flawed conclusions.
Poor minorities tend to be more spread out among city neighborhoods.
Poor mixes yield poor results.
Poor moms means poor kids.
Poor money handling occurs with people at any income level.
Poor mood can contribute to poor sleep.
Poor morale is a most costly mistake among public services.
Poor mother gets an income.
Poor mothers are more likely to have premature babies or babies with low birth weights.
Poor motility slows the movement of food through the stomach and intestinal tract.
Poor motivation creates black holes of wasted money.
Poor motivation is closely related to wrong training, wrong dependencies, and wrong borders.
Poor names hinder business and good names help.
Poor names turn customers away.
Poor nations are crying out for help - they want to come aboard our boat.
Poor navigation is probably the most common complaint by the average surfer.
Poor neighborhoods are also avenues for advertising.
Poor note taking can lead to an unsound thesis.
Poor nutrition can adversely affect a person's growth.
Poor nutrition can also cause plucking behavior.
Poor nutrition can also contribute to anemia.
Poor nutrition can also contribute to bone loss.
Poor nutrition can also contribute to stress and impede learning.
Poor nutrition can also have an impact on male fertility .
Poor nutrition can also lead to heart attacks.
Poor nutrition can be a main factor.
Poor nutrition can cause a poor appetite.
Poor nutrition can cause discipline problems.
Poor nutrition can cause disease.
Poor nutrition can cause health problems.
Poor nutrition can cause problems with a child's intellectual development.
Poor nutrition can compromise the animal's ability to fight disease.
Poor nutrition can contribute to fractures, by making the bones even more fragile.
Poor nutrition can have stark consequences for the elderly.
Poor nutrition can make our children more susceptible to sickness.
Poor nutrition can negatively impact both the short and long term health of all people.
Poor nutrition can result in lower levels of chemicals like serotonin.
Poor nutrition can retard fetal growth and impair brain development.
Poor nutrition can weaken the immune system allowing cancer cells to develop.
Poor nutrition causes the hoof wall growth to be slow and brittle, thus loosing the strength.
Poor nutrition contributes directly to poor quality of life.
Poor nutrition contributes to disease ii.
Poor nutrition decreases levels of iron and vitamin B , leading to anemia .
Poor nutrition has effects.
Poor nutrition has health.
Poor nutrition has measurable effects.
Poor nutrition increases the incidence and severity of dental fluorosis and skeletal fluorosis.
Poor nutrition increases the likelihood of ringworm infection.
Poor nutrition is a major cause of ram mortality.
Poor nutrition is a major factor in the development of respiratory tract disease.
Poor nutrition is a potential problem among school children, especially poor children.
Poor nutrition is a very important factor in children's vulnerability to diseases.
Poor nutrition is also a frequent cause.
Poor nutrition is an important cause of breeding problems.
Poor nutrition is known to predispose children to infections.
Poor nutrition is one of the major contributors to our pets lower life expectancy.
Poor nutrition is one of the major contributors to our pet's lower life expectancy.
Poor nutrition is related to head and neck cancers and cervical cancer.
Poor nutrition is the leading cause of abortion and poor mothering.
Poor nutrition is the most common cause of disease in pet birds.
Poor nutrition is widespread throughout America.
Poor nutrition leads to lower reproductive success.
Poor nutrition leads to poor school performance.
Poor nutrition leads to poorer nutrition.
Poor nutrition leads to problems.
Poor nutrition leads to reproductive success.
Poor nutrition leads to success.
Poor nutrition lowers the body's resistance to illness, and illness aggravates poor nutrition.
Poor nutrition makes a horse less able to build immunity and more susceptible to disease.
Poor nutrition makes children more vulnerable to the effects of lead.
Poor nutrition makes it more difficult for the mind to receive and recall information.
Poor nutrition makes receiving and recalling information harder for the brain.
Poor nutrition means weaker or smaller young, with a resultant increased potential for predation.
Poor nutrition plays a major role in prostate symptoms.
Poor nutrition plays a role in retarding mental and physical development.
Poor nutrition plays the most important role in keeping our defense system operating in peak order.
Most poor nutrition has effects.
Most poor nutrition has health.
Most poor nutrition has measurable effects.
Most poor nutrition leads to lower reproductive success.
Most poor nutrition leads to problems.
Most poor nutrition leads to reproductive success.
Most poor nutrition leads to success.
Poor occlusion can trigger other problems.
Poor oils have a camphoraceaus note.
Poor ones can destroy it.
Poor ones go to jail.
Poor ones have the opposite effect.
Poor organization can only erect barriers to communication.
Poor organization is a serious problem.
Poor organization loses more readers than anything else.
Poor outcome is also a cost to patients and society.
Poor outcomes can include a failure of the vertebrae to fuse and contined instability and pain.
Poor outcomes lead to more inputs, rather than an improved process.
Poor oxygenation causes listlissness and depresses mood.
Poor packaging means loss of product.
Poor parents allow or force their children to work.
Poor parents do care and sacrifice for their children.
Poor parents have even fewer options.
Poor parents have less education, have worse health, fewer skills and differ in many other ways.
Poor parents have no choice.
Poor parents have no such choices.
Poor parents have their children held hostage by the system.
Poor parents receive more money.
Most poor parents appear to do well by their own kids.
Some poor parents lead to depressions.
Poor participation can result in the course grade being lowered.
Poor partner has no choice in the matter.
Poor patients have to spend more than the better off ones for obtaining the same services.
Poor patterns are the number one reason for performance complaints.
A poor people is a people
Poor people apply to justices of the peace who order the overseers to provide needed assistance.
Poor people are able to lift themselves out of the poverty cycle.
Poor people are at greater risk of being evicted from their apartment than are the non-poor.
Poor people are at greater risk of impairments and disabilities than better-off people.
Poor people are eating terrible diets, so they're really in trouble.
Poor people are equally evil.
Poor people are frequently unable to pay for housing, food, child care, health care, and education.
Poor people are frequently unable to pay for housing, food, childcare, health care, and education.
Poor people are good.
Poor people are happy in their own way.
Poor people are ill more often and die sooner.
Poor people are in poverty because they violate the commands of the Holy Scriptures.
Poor people are just like everybody else.
Poor people are less likely to be able to afford college than ever before.
Poor people are less likely to own cars.
Poor people are more fatalistic about death than people of means.
Poor people are more likely to be ill, yet least able to access health care.
Poor people are more likely to have poor health as well as poor living and working conditions.
Poor people are most at risk from environmental damage, whatever the cause.
Poor people are most dependent on law and order for safety and welfare.
Poor people are most vulnerable to environmental problems.
Poor people are never on the top of anybody's agenda.
Poor people are often unable to access a clean water supply.
Poor people are people.
Poor people are poor because they lack enough productive work.
Poor people are really impoverished people.
Poor people are still poor, but remain housed.
Poor people are the fastest growing American group in cyberspace, a survey claims.
Poor people are the most vulnerable.
Poor people are the same as rich people.
Poor people are the true poverty experts.
Poor people are typically democracy's missing persons.
Poor people are unable to find stable jobs with decent wages.
Poor people are unwilling to help themselves.
Poor people are vulnerable to natural and man-made risks.
Poor people are willing and able to borrow at market rates.
Poor people are, well, trash.
Poor people aren t the only ones.
Poor people become the trophies of white social engineers.
Poor people boil meat.
Poor people build homes of scraps of wood, metal, or other found materials.
Poor people buy unknown lawyer s services - they are cheaper.
Poor people can access water at a low price.
Poor people can be cosmopolitan too.
Poor people can have healthier ways of life.
Poor people can have the dignity of a clean table, even if they are struggling.
Poor people can only do it with their vote.
Poor people can spend it where it buy the most.
Poor people can t get to the schools of their choice.
Poor people catch the bus.
Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food .
Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food.
Poor people consider that they have the right to help make decisions about how water is managed.
Poor people construct their learning by taking advantage of their own cultural tools.
Poor people depend heavily on nature for their basic needs.
Poor people die sooner than rich people.
Poor people do it.
Poor people do save even when saving means having less for food, clothing, and housing.
Poor people do the same thing.
Poor people do want work.
Poor people do.
Poor people don t give money to the poor.
Poor people don t keep their own house empty, build another one and rent a house from someone else.
Poor people don t wear clothing like that.
Poor people drink the least.
Poor people end up on the streets.
Poor people exist in great numbers in our society.
Poor people experience more environmental risk a.
Poor people face especially difficult times.
Poor people find it very difficult to borrow money, everywhere.
Poor people focus on survival.
Poor people gamble away their pension fund.
Poor people get a lower degree of service than rich people.
Poor people get free rides on the bus here.
Poor people get inexpensive medical care at a fraction the cost of insurance or private treatment.
Poor people get poor legal representation.
Poor people get poorer health services, too.
Poor people get supplies from the public hospitals.
Poor people get very angry when someone else is rich at their expense, when inequity raises itself.
Poor people give, too.
Poor people go to the check casher, the pawn shop, the grocer, to cash a check.
Poor people hate, while the affluent show disdain.
Poor people have a death rate as much as three times higher than that of other groups.
Poor people have an odd habit of getting hungry the next day.
Poor people have drug problems.
Poor people have it.
Poor people have less money to support businesses and institutions.
Poor people have little incentive to open accounts without opportunities to save.
Poor people have more health problems than rich people.
Poor people have nobility, but there is nothing noble about poverty.
Poor people have nothing .
Poor people have the worst health problems.
Poor people have their worries, just as wealthy people do.
Poor people have to have jobs.
Poor people have very few choices in finding housing.
Poor people have visions about getting rich.
Poor people hire lawyers they can afford and hope for the best.
Poor people know best their problems and priorities.
Poor people know better.
Poor people know how to budget.
Poor people know that education is the best escape route from a life of poverty.
Poor people know that their very survival depends on the resources controlled by others.
Poor people learn to keep hopes small.
Poor people live there and poor people use lots of welfare.
Poor people make it to the top.
Poor people make much easier targets for a demagogue.
Poor people name their cars.
Poor people overflow the jails.
Poor people pay little or no federal taxes, and so don t receive the benefits of such programs.
Poor people pay taxes too.
Poor people pay the bulk of the lottery tax.
Poor people rise in fury at any worthwhile protest.
Poor people say what they lack is voice.
Poor people scavenge bones.
Poor people see hostility rising daily.
Poor people spend a higher percentage of their income on taxable items.
Poor people spend less money online.
Poor people spend their money locally .
Poor people starve to death because of lack of money for food.
Poor people stay poor but have a rich facade.
Poor people suffer most from the consequences of environmental damage.
Poor people teeter on the edge.
Poor people tend to come from poor families.
Poor people tend to live near their work, while better-off people can afford to move to the suburbs.
Poor people tend to suffer more than others from soil degradation.
Poor people threaten the system's legitimacy in that they make the social structure appear unjust.
Poor people use debt to buy things that make rich people richer.
Poor people use it in daily work and as means of transportation as well.
Poor people use more public money on health care, and have worse outcomes.
Poor people volenteer to donate their organs for compensation.
All poor people have dreams of escaping poverty.
Many poor people are happier than their wealthy neighbours.
Many poor people contribute but die before they become old enough to collect benefits.
Many poor people define poverty as the inability to exercise control over their lives.
Many poor people earn their living from the environment.
Many poor people give that much.
Many poor people spend money on lottery tickets in hopes of finding a way out of poverty.
Many poor people use the empty lots to grow vegetables.
Most poor people are neither black nor brown.
Most poor people are neither brown nor black.
Most poor people are white in Alabama.
Most poor people are white, female, or brown.
Most poor people live in rural areas.
Most poor people live thousands of dollars below the poverty line.
Most poor people work for pay their whole lives.
Some poor people are docile, polite, compliant.
Some poor people spend as much as a third of their incomes to insure their cars.
Poor percentages result in more apathy and thus even lower turnouts.
Poor performance can bring severe consequences.
Poor performance can lead to dismissals and school closings.
Poor performance can lead to unacceptably long build processes.
Poor performance insures job security and career longevity.
Poor performance is a good reason to try harder.
Poor performance is about doubting, over-thinking, analyzing, evaluating and trying too hard.
Poor performance is dealt with at the team level, and, to date, no formal actions have been needed.
Poor performance is observed in training and competition.
Poor performance is often predictive of good future performance.
Poor performance is usually a reflection of poor management.
Poor performance is usually the result of short circuiting through the bioreactor.
Poor performance lowers productivity.
Poor performance reduces income.
Poor performance signifies lower extremity dysfunction, indicating risk for long lies.
Poor performance signifies lower extremity dysfunction.
Poor performance signifies postural instability.
Poor performance spells trouble for advanced services.
Poor performers are poor performers regardless of the option.
Poor performers can generate long lists of roadblocks that get in the way of getting things done.
Poor performers find it difficult here.
Poor permeability is difficult to correct by formulation.
A poor person is a person
Poor people may have diets.
Poor persons are thus likely to have lower educational levels.
Most poor persons see the government as the greatest cause of their poverty.
Poor photocopies are likely to be rejected.
Poor physicians make poor instruments for healing people.
Poor pixel can have more than one texture.
Poor places remain poor because people work on the wrong things.
Poor placement leads to constriction in lowerarm, arms and wrists.
Poor planning can be disastrous.
Poor planning can increase the risk of certain diseases.
Poor planning can lead to being lost.
Poor planning can lead to failure either during or after the upgrade.
Poor planning can result in higher expenses or hamper future accomplishments.
Poor planning can result in miles of snow hiking.
Poor planning can result in unplanned overnights and possible rescue.
Poor planning has costly effects.
Poor planning is often a problem.
Poor planning leads to frantic, last minute decisions that often result in regrets.
Poor planning produces poor performance.
Many poor players prefer higher limit games for ego reasons.
Poor poetry is fallen to be the laughing stock of children.
Poor points Seems to have lost the plot a bit over the last couple of years.
Poor policies drive away investment, which weakens the euro.
Poor pollenation seems worse when hot, dry winds accompany the hot temperatures.
Poor pollination can also cause misshapen fruit.
Poor pollination can result in improperly shaped fruit.
Poor pollination results in conditions.
Poor posture can be one of the causes of that.
Poor posture can cause a negative chain reaction throughout the body, chiropractors say.
Poor posture can cause arthritis as well as other painful and long-term adverse effects.
Poor posture can cause muscle imbalances and other physical changes in the body.
Poor posture can cause muscle tension and poor blood flow.
Poor posture can cause rounded shoulders, backaches, and swayback.
Poor posture can contribute significantly to back pain.
Poor posture can contribute to headaches.
Poor posture can lead to back problems.
Poor posture can lead to or aggravate repetitive motion injuries or cumulative trauma disorders.
Poor posture can lead to pain and serious injury.
Poor posture can lead to pain, fatigue, and strains.
Poor posture can set the stage for more headaches.
Poor posture causes back problems.
Poor posture impedes the breath and distracts from the meditation.
Poor posture increases back strain that can aggravate arthritis and lead to disk problems.
Poor posture is considered one of the major causes of back pain.
Poor posture is often the culprit when a good body turn is hard to achieve.
Poor posture is one of the main causes of neck and back injuries.
Poor posture leads to back trouble.
Poor posture leads to rounded shoulders and double chins.
Poor posture makes it very difficult to pivot the upper body correctly throughout the swing.
Poor posture plays a significant role in causing back pain.
Poor posture puts a strain on muscles and ligaments and leads to back pain.
Poor posture throws the back out of alignment and can strain muscles and connective tissue.
Poor postures place unusual or excessive forces on components of the body.
Poor preparation can increase injuries.
Poor preparation can leave the ram teasers still fertile.
Poor preparation ensures a sloppy, rambling call.
Poor preparation is considered a limit of the examination.
Poor preparation leads to poor performance.
Poor presentation can result in best practices being ignored.
Poor presentations suffocate good ideas.
Poor pricing emerges as the reason for one and poor overall effort for two.
Poor problem solving is typical in all types of dementias.
Poor productivity is apparent.
Poor prognosis follows fluoride inhalation.
Poor prognosis is associated with waiting too long before treatment and unsafe sexual practices.
Poor programming has immediate results in the bond rating.
Poor promotion is a key reason for their disappointment.
Poor promotion is usually the biggest problem.
Poor punctuation is one of the commonest failings in student essays.
Poor quality water contains oxygen.
Poor quality can equal a poor investment.
Poor quality can mean death.
Poor quality causes re-takes and additional exposure.
Poor quality costs more in the long run.
Poor quality equals lousy perception.
Poor quality feeds .
Poor quality indicates the needs for redesign.
Poor quality is more costly at a bottleneck work station than it is at a nonbottleneck work station.
Poor quality is possible, as well as poor service such as missed delivery deadlines.
Poor quality is the one thing people don t ever forget or forgive.
Poor quality packaged foods are only the beginning.
Poor quality reflects on the giver and the store where they bought it.
Poor quality rubs off.
Poor quality shows poor effort.
Some poor quality affects aquatic life.
Some poor quality affects life.
Poor questions are offensive, create a defensive attitude, and shut down understanding.
Poor rainfall is reported only in northern Tanzania and central Angola.
Poor ratings are proof there is plenty of room to grow.
Poor readers become discipline problems with low self -esteem.
Poor readers grow frustrated in school.
Most poor readers have a strategy imbalance.
Poor records are a definite danger sign.
Poor records make it hard to detect and prove unauthorized charges or withdrawals.
Poor relations are as much respected as the rich ones without any snobbish sentiments.
Poor repair can often do more harm than good.
Poor repetition is the distinctive feature of conduction aphasia.
Poor replicas use a single sized tube the whole length.
Poor reproductions can bring a chuckle and detailed reproductions bring ooh's and ahh's.
Poor research can lead clinicians and families to make inappropriate treatment decisions.
Poor residents have few options but to live in squalid, unsafe environments.
Poor resolution can also reduce apparent sensitivity, since peak broadening reduces signal height.
Poor resolution imply poor reproduction of lines and small symbols.
Poor resolution makes it necessary to lump several taxa together.
Poor resolution means fuzzy images.
Poor resources are no excuse to let people die.
Poor response is probably the most common complaint given when players send a recorder for voicing.
Poor restraint is a hazard to animals and personnel.
Poor result includes treatment failure and incomplete response.
Poor results can often be the result of a poorly targeted campaign.
Poor results provide a cheap answer to the big question.
Poor retention means combat experience walks out the door.
Poor roads are dangerous, they slow commerce and increase road user costs.
Poor roads are dangerous, they slow commerce and they increase road user costs.
Poor roads are dangerous, they slow commerce and they increase user costs.
Poor roads make oxcarts a practical form of transport in parts of rural Nicaragua.
Poor sanitation affects health, as does poor or inappropriate housing.
Poor sanitation can spread pathogens to uncontaminated seafood.
Poor sanitation habits cause cholera to spread.
Poor sanitation is a dreadful risk.
Poor sanitation is a risk factor.
Poor sanitation is one of the main causes of disease in sheep.
Poor sanitation makes a bad situation worse.
Poor sanitation makes the muddy camps a breeding ground for bacteria.
Poor saps think they can convince the rest of the world that they're a real-life college.
Some poor sap has to run around in the heat chasing down balls.
Some poor sap is paid to encourage people to come inside, and presumably spend their money.
Poor scheduling can dramatically affect the overall cost of product manufacture or development.
Poor schools drag down resale values while good schools attract families and raise house values.
Poor schools exist in poor neighborhoods.
Poor schools lead to poverty in old age.
Poor schools pay low salaries, so the lack of quality is reinforced.
Poor schools suffer from severe supply shortages.
Many poor schools cannnot provide computers for their students.
Poor science makes just as good newspaper headlines as good science.
Poor scientists write about experiments, but they fail to cite their information.
Poor scores are a crucial factor in triggering district intervention.
Poor scores can reflect test anxiety.
Poor seats encourage or even force one into poor posture.
Poor seed produces weak plants.
Poor sensation can be just as big an evolutionary threat as low ground speed.
Poor service can be as simple as a lack of communication.
Poor service comes back to bite such systems in advanced markets.
Poor service includes busy signals, delays in transmission, and loss of data.
Poor service is possible everywhere.
Poor service is rewarded with inadequate support, and the downward spiral begins.
Poor service is the number one complaint received about e-businesses.
Poor service is the number one reason why American companies lose business.
Poor service is the worst problem.
Poor service leads to more calls, irate users and more wasted time for both agents and users.
Poor setup can make even good speakers sound bad.
Poor shape is due to insufficient pollination.
Poor shielding can easily compromise conducted emissions and immunity.
Poor shoes are the leading cause of foot problems, say many foot specialists.
Poor shoes can also contribute.
Poor shooting remains the culprit.
Poor sinners are totally unable to change their own hearts.
Poor sites bring a corresponding reduction in growth.
Poor sites make it difficult for their visitors to find things.
Poor skater has trouble defensively.
Poor skills are only one of a myriad of factors leading to youth unemployment.
Poor sleep affects more women than men and is reported by one in three adults.
Poor sleep can be a side effect of some medications.
Poor sleep can make coping with stress much more of a challenge.
Poor sleep caused by sleep apnea is a major public health problem.
Poor sleep has a price.
Poor sleep is often related to behaviors and habits that contribute to insomnia problems.
Poor sleep is universal.
Poor sleepers spend more time watching TV and thinking about going to bed.
Poor slides are a common problem that can completely negate an otherwise good presentation .
Poor slides do the same thing, but in a negative way.
Poor societies can afford little waste in the traditional sense.
Poor societies generate minimal garbage.
Poor soil produces poor plants.
Poor soils affect the forest's system for processing nutrients.
Poor soils become poorer and once-forested hillsides all but disappear into the rivers.
Poor soils have low base status.
Poor soils produce small populations of microorganisms, which absorb less carbon.
Poor soldiers make good political fodder.
Poor solidity is also attributable at times to the use of excessively soft polymers.
Poor solutions exacerbate, prolong and multiply our problems.
Poor souls cry in agony as they are dismembered, disfigured, and 'unraveled'.
Some poor souls do feel guilt, comparing their state with some of their friends.
Some poor souls longing for recognition even make their own awards.
Some poor souls think they are being oh so faithful to Scripture if they say and think that.
Poor sources are grain and seed feedstuffs.
A poor speller is a writer
Poor spellers are often poor readers and poor readers are often poor writers.
Poor spellers can use the alphabetical listing to get close and go from there.
Poor spellers experience difficulties in both writing and reading.
Poor spelling leaves a bad impression.
Poor spelling looks very unprofessional and can be a subtle turnoff to potential customers.
Poor spelling reflects badly on the story and the author.
Poor spelling reflects badly upon the writer and publisher alike.
Poor sports turn people off to the game.
Poor sportsmanship is another.
Poor sportsmanship is grounds for immediate and permanent suspension from a team.
Poor stamina complicates the emotional issues of survivorship.
Poor stand increases the amount of hollow heart.
Poor stand increases the incidence of hollow heart.
Poor stand is perhaps the most common cause of low yields.
Poor stands are often the result of planting too deep or the crusting of heavy soil after a rain.
Poor stands are often the result of planting too deeply or the soil's crusting after a heavy rain.
Poor stands are often the result of planting too deeply.
Poor states tend to have spotty tax collection and a hard time attracting investment.
Poor statistics is the number one reason for rejecting papers and research proposals.
Every poor strategy has a better reverse strategy.
Poor students are the most likely to cheat on exams.
Poor students can buy football tickets.
Poor students can learn.
Many poor students rely on a free school lunch as their main meal of the day.
Poor taste is never enough.
Poor taste is offensive even if it is funny.
Poor taste is still offensive even if it is funny.
Poor teachers have many discipline problems.
Poor teaching appears to be the most serious problem.
Poor teaching is the result of apathetic attitudes, poor preparation and lack of commitment.
Poor teams lack the ability to improve themselves.
Poor technique can also put strain on a problem lower back.
Poor technique can predispose one to experiencing a burner.
Poor technique can result in the fish being lost.
Poor technique increases the stress on the ACL and removes it from the muscles and tendons.
Poor technique is often proportional to velocity.
Poor teens fall behind their peers.
Poor tenants bring in less money than high priced condos.
Poor tests can have harmful, unintended consequences.
Poor testing can take down a good solid site.
Poor thing is awful disappointed too.
Poor thing is ready for a break, and Misty has already lent a hand raising the youngster.
Poor thing is stuck in Family Feud Hell.
Poor thing looks really quite odd.
Poor things alack a day.
Many poor timber growing areas support stands of post and blackjack oak.
Poor timing can be a factor.
Poor timing can cause the poles to break and a fisherman to land in the water.
Poor timing is the main culprit in the failure of a female dog to become pregnant.
Poor tires are a big factor.
Poor teeth result in poor overall health.
Poor teeth run in Family.
Poor traces result from any errors along the production line.
Poor tracking is one of the major causes of fan vibration.
Poor training creates poor motivation.
Poor training means misuse of the applications and it increases cost.
Poor transport can also affect local demographic patterns.
Poor treatment is a result of inadequate professionals.
Poor trephination is the major cause postkeratoplasty astigmatism.
Poor type can seriously degrade otherwise inspired design.
Poor umpires are easier to remedy.
Poor understanding leads to poor co-operation with treatment regimens.
Poor use is made of natural fibres for textiles.
Poor ventilation can be detrimental to animal health and performance.
Poor ventilation can lead to moisture and indoor pollutant accumulation.
Poor ventilation can lead to respiratory illness.
Poor ventilation can reduce feed intake, even if the ration itself is well formulated.
Poor ventilation can result in high atmospheric humidity and ammonia levels.
Poor ventilation causes about half of the indoor air pollution problems.
Poor ventilation causes much sickness.
Poor ventilation is one of the primary causes of breathing problems in snakes.
Poor ventilation is the biggest cause in bathrooms.
Poor ventilation leads to carbon monoxide poisoning and eventual death by suffocation.
Poor ventilation leads to wet barns and frost build-up on the ceiling.
Poor ventilation leaves many of the rooms heavy with smoke.
Poor video make awful digital movies.
Poor villagers are at the receiving end.
Poor visibility can be dangerous for swimming and diving.
Poor visibility can be due to many reasons e.g. presence of mist, sun reflection etc.
Poor visibility can make trips dangerous.
Poor visibility is a danger on some wrecks.
Poor visibility is a part of the big picture.
Poor visibility is caused by cars, industry, and woodburning.
Poor visibility is mainly a spring and autumn navigational problem.
Poor visibility is the most likely cause of becoming lost.
Poor visibility leads to more scattering and, therefore, more light at the sensors.
Poor visibility makes it difficult to avoid pedestrians, cyclists and animals.
Poor visibility makes the most demands on both the angler and the guide.
Poor vision can also increase the risk of falls and injury.
Poor vision can increase the risk of falling.
Poor vision can increase the risk of falls and injury.
Poor vision can lead to accidents.
Poor vision can make it difficult to read prescription labels.
Poor vision is a prime culprit in many falls.
Poor vision is usually a disease of another part of the eye other than the cornea.
Poor voicemail makes for bad service and frustration.
Poor water can cause stress.
Poor water has significant health care costs.
Poor weather can dramatically affect the price of feed and production per cow.
Poor weather is a poor time to pass.
Poor weather occurs.
Poor whites are mainstreamed.
Poor whites is contrary to timeless beauty.
Poor woman has no Christian hope.
Poor women are especially vulnerable.
Poor women are more likely both to bear children at a young age and to drop out.
Poor women are under pressure to adopt one of the methods offered by the family planning agencies.
Poor women continue to be denied because public funding is nonexistent in many states.
Poor women have babies so that they can increase their monthly welfare checks.
Poor women have children.
Poor women have difficulty accessing transportation for work, childcare and other daily needs.
Poor women have easier access to reasonable credit for their activities.
Many poor women have their first encounter with a doctor when they are ready to deliver their baby.
Most poor women have children.
Most poor women have little access to health care.
Some poor women have wealth.
Some poor women havent any husbands.
Poor work casts a shadow on the good work.
Poor work shows the inability to do the above with consistency.
Poor workers have the opportunity to work, produce and save money for their families.
Poor workmanship can make quality material unacceptable.
Poor writers feel even more stigmatized than they did before.
Poor writing can result in misunderstandings and possibly conflicts.
Poor writing gives a bad impression.
Poor writing is a lot of it.
Poor writing is easy to find online.
Poor writing is equivalent to someone speaking with spinach stuck between their teeth.
Poor writing is hard to read.
Poor writing is poor writing.
Poor writing is probably the most common complaint that employers make about new college graduates.
Poor writing is responsible for much confusion in the present draft.
Poor writing kills the best of ideas.
Poor writing makes scripts difficult to read.
Poor writing prevents good ideas from being disseminated.
Poor youth are just as entitled to good treatment as rich youth.
Poorer strikes are likely when seeding into rough seedbeds.
Poorest visibility occurs east of the Mississippi River and in the urban areas of California.
A poorhouse is an establishment
Poorhouses are a forgotten part of our history.
Pop art is a connection between reality and art , handled with abstract means .
Pop art is a connection between reality and art, handled with abstract means.
Pop art is a move in that direction.
Pop art is the inedible raised to the unspeakable.
Pop art looks out into the world.
Pop art shows the insistence of commercial imagery in our world.
Pop artists think they can get away with murder.
Most pop artists have only a few peaks in their careers.
Pop bands recapture the happy screams.
Pop bands use largely western instrumentation and processing techniques.
Pop cans are bimetal because they are made of aluminum and steel.
Pop cans jostle behind the newlyweds.
All pop cans go to help keeping kids off the street.
Pop chart recommend singer, concert, songs, album, with news.
Pop corn is a hybrid corn that explodes due to the moisture content in each kernel when heated.
Pop corn is dirt cheap with a considerable profit as is cotton candy.
Pop corn is grown in both yellow and white varieties.
Pop culture becomes both metaphor and reality, until they overlap and bleed into one another.
Pop culture can do that to a person.
Pop culture carries an uglier punch.
Pop culture gives pop news the sexy spice it needs.
Pop culture infiltrates the home.
Pop culture involves a shift in attitudes towards the object.
Pop culture is a catchall culprit, blamed for everything from pediatric obesity to global warning.
Pop culture is a double-edged sword.
Pop culture is a metaphor for moral issues.
Pop culture is a wild ride beckoning our children.
Pop culture is again in the quickly decaying grasp of a shambling horde.
Pop culture is America's hottest export item today.
Pop culture is an important part of the history of a time period.
Pop culture is awesome.
Pop culture is big, too.
Pop culture is created by people to reflect their inner thoughts and emotions.
Pop culture is full of clarifying events.
Pop culture is irreverent.
Pop culture is nimble and facile where democracy is slow and plodding.
Pop culture is our most dominant source of ideology today.
Pop culture is therefore part of an economic process which is likely to go on developing.
Pop culture is youth culture.
Pop culture requires itself as a lens to our vision and our voice.
Pop culture shows our shift in attitudes.
More pop culture sounds.
Pop drinks are even more concentrated with sugar.
POP email accounts.
POP email is already the default for most programs.
Pop feminism is one of America's most pernicious and prejudicial social movements.
Pop feminism is the result of a lot of blood, sweat and tears.
Pop festivals are always kind of a wary venture.
Pop gear is flat-out effective.
A pop group is an ensemble
Pop groups say love phonemes.
Pop history is only half right.
Most pop histories write the history of the net as an elite history.
Most pop icons achieve their status through death , typically at a young age .
Most pop icons achieve their status through death, typically at a young age.
Most pop lyrics are no more narrative than measure-counting.
Pop machines are everywhere on campus.
Many pop machines stock more slots with the more popular variety.
Pop music becomes a place of one-dimensionality.
Pop music can be so formal, even staid, that it needs something to keep it animated. . . .
Pop music can make for strange bedfellows.
Pop music equates to entertainment and sales, though.
Pop music explains the 'pop' part.
Pop music focuses on the record, country music on the song.
Pop music gets stupid and dull, then somebody does something new and shakes things up.
Pop music gives advertisers a wide opening to the huge youth market.
Pop music has a rich legacy of ripping people off.
Pop music has no overarching goal, however.
Pop music ignores it.
Pop music is a whore.
Pop music is all about the package.
Pop music is also present in a large portion.
Pop music is based on creativity and originality.
Pop music is built on that which has come before it.
Pop music is disposable.
Pop music is either a personal or a communal experience.
Pop music is ephemeral, throwaway.
Pop music is examined in terms of record numbers.
Pop music is here to stay.
Pop music is just one of the categories that describes Happy Hour's music.
Pop music is located in radios.
Pop music is made for juniors in high school.
Pop music is made for wide-spread acceptance at the expense of compositional integrity.
Pop music is often collaborative and creative.
Pop music is one of the strongest things for pop art.
Pop music is popular music
Pop music is popular music.
Pop music is pretty void with the teeny-bopper sound controlling the charts.
Pop music is rock music.
Pop music is scum of all genres.
Pop music is very disposable, that's the great thing about it.
Pop music plays in the background, and a few video games provide additional entertainment.
Pop music plays on the sound system.
Pop music plays.
Pop music seems to be in a hurry.
Pop music sucks.
Pop music tends to be culturally-specific.
Pop music tends to move toward idealism.
Pop music uses simple rhythms.
Most pop music has a very short half life.
Most pop music is horrid.
Most pop music is stuck over there forever.
Some pop music does so, too, because artists write emotive lyrics to attract teens.
Pop musicians pride themselves to be in touch with society.
Pop musicians tend to use steel-strings guitars more often than classics.
Many pop musicians are of course comic fans as well and comic creators are also pop enthusiasts.
Pop psychology is spouted as a method for success.
Pop psychology takes a back seat to a new twist on the modern marshmallow.
Pop quiz grades count towards the attendance and participation grade.
Pop quiz is quiz
Pop quiz is quiz.
Pop quizes are a possibility.
Pop quizzes are a possibility - obviously at the discretion of the professor.
Pop quizzes are a possibility.
Pop quizzes are always a possibility.
Pop quizzes are always possible.
Pop quizzes are formative assessments.
Pop quizzes are in book.
Pop quizzes are rare and unscheduled.
Pop quizzes can include questions over the present as well as the most recent laboratory exercise.
Pop quizzes take people by surprise.
Pop radio is crap.
Some pop reunions are nothing more than cheesy hype generators.
Pop rivets are useful where screw holes in spars are stripped or oversize.
Pop rivets attach the blocks and cleats for the mainsheet and outhaul.
Pop sensibilities are there under the surface, but the mission of Torn is to crank.
POP server is just another way of saying the mail server.
POP server is mail.bcpl.net .
Pop servers are mail servers.
Some POP servers use even more robust security than just a username and password.
Pop singers tend to have small, thin tone that cuts through.
Pop singles are very boring - pap is probably a better word.
Pop songs are illustrative.
Pop songs can reflect on the human condition and tell stories set to catchy melodies.
Pop songs pop up in the film here and there but always accentuate, never distract.
Most pop songs start out as just voice and guitar, or voice and piano.
Some pop songs are great and some folk songs stink.
Pop Star is, for all the comparative derivativeness mentioned above, a surprisingly good album.
Pop star plays a pop star.
Pop stars call themselves artists, musicians and poets.
Pop stars have two instincts.
Pop tops are the tabs on aluminum cans.
Pop tunes play on the sound system.
POP accounts and aliases.
POP accounts download e-mails from a server to the client's computer.
POP accounts standard.
POP actually reads the mail from mbox in the user's home directory.
Pop adds, and therein lies the tale.
POP aims to increase the philanthropic capital in South Florida.
POP allows a user to contact the mail server and download mail to a local computer.
POP allows for the downloading of email from a server.
POP also allows multiple opportunities to sign a certificate acknowledging paternity.
POP also downloads the entire email message.
POP also empowers students to become critical thinkers.
POP also makes it inconvenient to check email from multiple locations.
POP also minimizes dialup connection time.
POP also supports friendlier user interfaces on personal computers for reading mail.
Pop attributes Romania's agricultural boom to the redistribution of land to private farmers.
Pop brings the most current photo album along for anyone who wants to take a look.
Pop can be a tough and fickle field.
Pop can be eclectic.
Pop can be musically more complex of course.
POP can limit delivery bandwidth.
Pop can recycling.
Pop can rock, if it's smart.
POP Come on, baby.
Pop comes home as the meeting is breaking up.
POP defines how unfiled e-mail is downloaded from a mail server to a client mail program.
Pop does Books .
Pop does Music.
Pop does the exact same thing as push, but in reverse.
POP downloads the entire mailbox to the local computer.
Pop emphasizes flatness and frontal presentation.
POP essentially applies the scientific method to solving problems.
Pop gets much more then urban.
Pop go the classics.
Pop goes the cafe coronary.
Pop goes the cherry Making the first time easy.
Pop goes the electrolytic and the tantulum.
Pop goes the end of the trap.
Pop goes the message.
Pop goes the seed.
Pop goes the weasel .
Pop goes the weasel songster.
Pop goes the weasel.
POP goes the weasel.
Pop goes the weasle.
Pop goes the world.
POP has a huge selection of sun hats.
Pop has no nutritional value.
Pop has quite a reputation as a folk singer, lasso twirler, and downright funny guy.
POP has several projects in development.
POP has the advantage of being immediate.
Pop hearts out and decorate with melted white chocolate by drizzling it in a squiggle pattern.
POP helps health and social service providers better serve their client base.
POP includes counter displays, window displays, store banners, aisle displays, etc.
Pop is a big contributor here.
POP is a commonly used way to retrieve email from a mail server machine.
Pop is a cornucopia and a continuum.
Pop is a danceable album.
Pop is a father
Pop is a jokester.
POP is a means to an end.
POP is a mechanism for allowing people to download mail from the server to which it is delivered.
POP is a method for retrieving e-mail from a mail server.
POP is a mixture of both.
POP is a protocol for retrieving email.
POP is a protocol that mail programs use to download mail from a POP mail server.
POP is a rather simple protocol that retrieves messages from an user's inbox.
POP is a service provider's location for connecting to users.
Pop is a treat at our house.
Pop is a very broad term.
Pop is about entertainment, and politics is about debate.
Pop is accepted as an art form.
POP is aimed to use massively parallel computers to perform high resolution ocean model simulation.
Pop is all about the moment, and at the moment, bobfields are as good as it gets.
POP is also a method for retrieving e-mail from a mail server .
Pop is always there to take pictures of each social.
POP is an acronym for P ost O ffice P rotocol.
Pop is an emotional record.
Pop is an old fashion word for pawn.
POP is another standard set of rules for storing and accessing e-mail on a post office server.
POP is beneficial in that it is the quickest and easiest protocol for checking mail.
Pop is big down here.
Pop is born.
Pop is boss A weekly selection from the ever-expanding music scene.
Pop is dead.
POP is designed to have deputies focus on the problem.
POP is especially popular among users who rely on dialup telephone connections.
Pop is everything.
Pop is fun again.
POP is ideal for users check their email from a single computer.
Pop is less civilised.
PoP is made available for use by other researchers, upon request.
Pop is many things.
Pop is more giddy and happy.
Pop is one of the all-time greats.
POP is oriented to preventing criminal or emergency events from occurring.
Pop is passionate, futuristic and completely engaging.
Pop is popular.
Pop is red.
Pop is sadly often the oxygen of politics.
Pop is short for popular music.
Pop is soft drinks.
Pop is something very precise and concise.
Pop is sound.
POP is still the default protocol for most mail reader clients.
POP is the best choice for most users.
Pop is the flavor of the day,and movies spice our lives.
POP is the more straightforward of the two.
POP is the most common choice.
POP is the older of the two protocols and consequently has less features.
Pop is the older standard, good for low bandwidth, etc.
POP is the oldest and best known message protocol.
POP is the server type and is selected by default.
Pop is the tour guide.
POP is used to receive and read e-mail from a web page.
POP is very simple, so it's a huge win that it's text.
Pop is wise.
Pop loves music, big airships and milo.
Pop makes all the sauces, son cooks.
Pop means popular.
POP normally supports one mailbox per person or account.
POP offers the least amount of features of all the discussed options.
POP offers very few server options.
Pop picks up the tab.
POP provides a dedicated server computer that is integrated into the Internet.
POP provides for pre-tax deductions for health and dental premiums.
POP provides only a single in-box folder for each user on the server.
POP provides remote access support for older mail clients.
Pop quizzes .
Pop quizzes on covered material or on the assigned reading are always a possibility.
Pop quizzes on current events.
Pop quizzes on text readings.
Pop quizzes usually cover one or two weeks of course content.
POP refers to the way that e-mail software like POPmail gets mail from a mail server.
Pop removes the top item and sends it back via the parameter.
Pop samples the motion and sound .
POP sees the happy coincidence of two new developments.
POP simply allows the user name to check email.
Pop sits down, open-mouthed kids on each side.
Pop slowly obliges.
Pop sounds dumb.
Pop sounds from the floor above give way to the laconic sophistication below.
Pop spends all day drinkin'.
POP stands for P ersistent O rganic P ollutant.
Pop stems from mushroom caps.
Pop stems out of large mushrooms.
Pop still remembers how to handle a little one.
Pop surfs a veritable candy wrapper museum .
Pop takes pictures of the volunteers and everything that happens at the bingo parties.
Pop tells tales.
POP then relays it to the mail system.
POP ties the user too much to a single PC, since it downloads the mail.
POP works best if the user stores messages in one place only and uses one mail program.
POPs accumulate in body fat and are passed from mother to fetus in the womb.
POPs accumulate in fat and their concentration increases at each step of the food chain.
POPS accumulate in the bodies of people, fish, and wildlife in every region of the country.
POPs affect reproductive systems.
POPs are a global problem, requiring a global solution.
POPs are a more global issue with a more complex but equally valid economic arguments.
POPs are an urgent global problem that demand urgent global solutions.
POPs are chemicals or by-products that resist degradation in the environment.
POPs are difficult to eliminate and are often destroyed by powerful incinerators.
POPs are effective in preventing pregnancy when taken consistently and daily, at the same time.
POPs are highly stable chemical compounds that can last for years or decades before breaking down.
POPs are highly stable organic compounds used as pesticides or in industry.
POPs are highly toxic and very resistant to natural breakdown in the environment.
POPs are highly toxic.
POPs are long-lived chemicals that build up in the food chain and slowly poison animals and humans.
POPs are mainly pesticides, industrial chemicals or by-products of industrial processes.
POPs are mostly pesticides like DDT, later shown to have dangerous side-effects on birds and humans.
POPs are persistent in the environment.
POPs are persistent organic pollutants.
POPs are primarily products and by-products of human industry that are of relatively recent origin.
POPs are products and by-products of human industry that are of relatively recent origin.
POPs are semi-volatile chemicals.
Pops are stick tights with no meat inside.
POPs are ubiquitous around the world, and California is no exception.
POPs bioaccumulate in living organisms, persist in the environment and have long-term toxic effects.
POPs break down very slowly.
Pops brings gifts for everyone from back home.
POPs build up in the fat of game animals such as polar bear.
POPs can accumulate in fatty tissues in animals and humans.
POPs can kill, cause birth defects or generate diseases such as cancer.
POPs can travel great distances around the globe through the atmosphere.
POPs can travel through the air and water thousands of miles from their source.
POPs comprise a large number of chemicals that have a wide range of uses.
POPs derive from sources like pesticides, dioxins and industrial chemicals.
Pops differ from other pollutants because they are extremely difficult to break down.
POPs have a number of noncontraceptive benefits.
POPs have long environmental half-lives.
POPs have the potential to injure humans and wildlife even at low concentrations.
Pops is a swell guy.
Pops is always crotchety and foul-tempered.
Pops is part of what they do.
POPs is short for persistent organic pllutants.
Pops is the grandfather figure that many people can relate to and appreciate.
POPs is the hot new acronym for Persistent Organic Pollutants.
Pops is underwritten.
POPS Make real music on real candy.
POPs migrate by air and fall onto into the water in the colder regions.
Pops notices some red clay on the belly of the homing robot.
POPs offer reversibility.
Pops open a dialog box which prompts for either a single value ' m ', or a pair of values ' m x n '.
Pops open the window no prob.
POPs permeate through the membrane and are absorbed by and therefore concentrate in the lipid.
POPs persist in the environment.
Pops plays ukuleles.
POPs pose serious risks to public health and the environment.
POPs provide telephone dial-up access into the network.
POPs represent a very small percentage of organic compounds.
POPs spread easily through air and water and are found virtually everywhere.
POPs tend to accumulate in the fatty tissues of fish, seals, polar bears, and humans.
POPs tend to concentrate in colder climates such as Canada's north.
POPs tend to migrate towards colder regions of the north.
Every POP is highly scalable so the network can handle increased demand with no downtime.
Many POPs are endocrine disruptors and several pesticides are both endocrine disruptors and POPs.
Most POPs are also semivolatile which has meant their global spread via the atmosphere.
Most POPs are anthropogenic in origin.
Most POPs are either pesticides or byproducts of industrial processes.
Most POPs are man-made.
Popcorn corn produces disappoint results.
Popcorn corn produces results.
Most popcorn corn produces disappoint results.
Most popcorn corn produces results.
Popcorn kernels have hard outer shells.
Popcorn kernels have hard shells.
Popcorn kernels have outer shells.
Popcorn kernels have shells.
Most popcorn kernels have hard outer shells.
Most popcorn kernels have hard shells.
Most popcorn kernels have outer shells.
Most popcorn kernels have shells.
Popcorn polymer is insoluble and difficult to remove from surfaces.
Some popcorn products are rife with oil, salt, and artificial coloring.
Popcorn production requires a medium to high level of capital investment.
Popcorn quality depends on a number of factors.
Popcorn reading is very simple.
Some popcorn recipes produce different and unusual foods.
Popcorn salt has very fine grains, which adhere better to popcorn, potato chips, and French fries.
Popcorn seed germinates more slowly than dent corn, and seedling growth is also slower.
Popcorn seed germinates more slowly than dent corn, and the seedlings grow more slowly.
Popcorn tree is from Asia and has aggressively naturalized in the southeast.
Popcorn words is a great term.
Popcorn becomes food.
Popcorn contains calories.
Popcorn contains fat calories.
Popcorn contains fiber.
Popcorn contains nutrients.
Popcorn contains sodium.
Popcorn explodes on screen.
Popcorn has (part) cell membranes.
Popcorn has (part) cells.
Popcorn has (part) corn cobs.
Popcorn has (part) corn stalks.
Popcorn has (part) corpi.
Popcorn has (part) cytoplasm.
Popcorn has (part) leaf nodes.
Popcorn has (part) nuclei.
Popcorn has (part) plasma membranes.
Popcorn has (part) sections.
Popcorn has (part) sugar corn.
Popcorn has (part) vacuoles.
Popcorn has (part) vegetables.
Popcorn has kernels.
Popcorn is cereals.
Popcorn is corn
Popcorn is corn.
Popcorn is groceries.
Popcorn is located in carnivals.
Popcorn is located in jars.
Popcorn is located in movie theaters.
Popcorn is located in movies.
Popcorn is located in shows.
Popcorn is part of popcorn.
Popcorn is plants.
Popcorn is singles.
Popcorn isa corn.
Popcorn makes snacks.
Popcorn needs heat.
Popcorns also vary in color.
Popcorns are basically small-kerneled flint types.
Popcorns are flint corns.
All popcorn comes from the ear.
Some popcorn has advantage.
Some popcorn needs moisture.
Some popcorn produced in Nebraska is processed in western Iowa.
Some popcorn produces gases.
Some popcorn provides nutrients.
Some popcorn requires nitrogen.
Pope County has a long and rich history and is a beautiful place to visit.
A pope is a Catholic
A pope is a spiritual leader
Popes are a dime a dozen around here.
Popes are bishops.
Popes are catholic priests.
Popes are catholics.
Popes are human beings, and they can sin.
Popes are indisponsibull.
Popes are leaders.
Popes are located in churchs.
Popes are people.
Popes are priests.
Popes are religious leaders.
Popes are villages.
Popes can be dreadful.
Popes can quit and have in the past.
Popes come and go, but the right reverend endures.
Popes come and go.
Popes have the authority to approve or to annul councils.
Popes Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Popes propose but others contest.
Popes serve until they die.
Popes usually reign for life.
All popes are totalitarian dictators.
Most popes live and die without ever having exercised an infallible act.
A popery is practice
Popery is a bloody religion, and seems resolved to continue such.
Popeye goes at it with abacus in hand.
Popeye is a big orange and white cat with long hair.
Popeye is a brute in match play.
Popeye is a cage made of rusty steel.
Popeye is from Texas and knows tough competition.
Popeye is on the left of level four.
Popeye is polite, soft-spoken, humble.
Popeye is slightly overhung and loaded with pockets.
Popeye loves to scream, dance, and hang upside down.
Popeye skates along with a tray of spinach, wearing blue cloth pants.
Popeyes are cartoons.
Popeyes are weapons.
Poplar bud is used as an additive in several pharmaceutical preparations.
Poplar Island is also critical to Maryland shipping.
Poplar Island is farther from the shipping channels than the deep trough.
Poplar Ridge is only an hour away from Louisville, Kentucky.
Poplar River uses a closed-loop ash disposal system.
Poplar rust affects poplars, though some species are resistant.
Poplar wood is also commercilly important as it is used for plywood, pulp and matches.
A poplar is wood
Poplars are a type of tree with small leaves.
Poplars are amongst the easiest of all trees to propagate and grow.
Poplars are considered short-lived trees.
Poplars are most popular.
Poplars are problem-prone plants that require more care than other trees.
Poplars are rapid growers.
Poplars are well-known deciduous trees.
Poplars are wood.
Poplars comprise a most bewildering group.
Poplars grow along the bay, and on the far side of the pond there are gray birch and pitch pine.
Poplars grow from southern New England southward to Florida and westward to Missouri.
Poplars have their interest as specimen trees as distinctly as do other kinds of trees.
Poplars require short days to get their dormant mechanism in gear.
Poplars usually are ready for use as biomass energy at five years.
All poplars are deciduous, but leaves and canopy shape is different among the trees.
All poplars are known to be prodigious growers.
A popover is a gem
Popovers also have equal parts of flour and liquid formulating a pour batter.
Popovers are easy to make, especially with a food processor or blender.
Popovers are easy to make.
Popovers are hard and very airy.
Popovers are muffins.
Popovers are things of legends.
A popper is a cooker
Popper aims at winning the debate.
Popper comes with recipe book and a package of popcorn.
Popper compares leadership to fire.
Popper creates a file named .popbull in the home directory of each user.
Popper gives the following example.
Popper holds that scientific theories are characterized by falsifiability.
Popper is available via anonymous ftp from ftp.
Popper is famous reformulating the grounds for empiricism.
Popper is here concerned with the freedom and well-being of all citizens.
Popper is known for  the idea of empirical falsification.
Popper is known for the idea of empirical falsification .
Popper is o.k.
Popper is of horsehide.
Popper is the anthology nonpareil for establishing a secure thumb position.
Popper is the one in the yellow shirt.
Popper points out that no hypothesis can ever be confirmed by reality.
Popper sees human beings, like other animals, as involved in problem solving.
Popper states that the third world is a product of human activity.
Popper stresses . . .
Poppers are also good when the sun is low.
Poppers are cookers.
Poppers are especially effective during the low light periods of dawn and dusk or on overcast days.
Poppers are stimulants.
Poppers are vasodilators.
Poppers are very popular.
Poppers can always add to the fun.
Poppers carry extra lead weight at one end.
Poppers facilitate quick anal intercourse.
Poppers imitate anything from injured animals to frogs.
Poppers work best in calm surface conditions.
Poppers work good in the spring.
Poppers often have preferred popping methods.
Many poppers come with bucktails on the end.
A poppet is a valve
Poppet isa mechanism.
Poppets have (part) sections.
Poppets pays everyone a weekly award wage, based on the hours worked.
Some poppets are part of ambulances.
Some poppets are part of automobiles.
Some poppets are part of autos.
Some poppets are part of cars.
Some poppets are part of dumpers.
Some poppets are part of go-karts.
Some poppets are part of motorbikes.
Some poppets are part of motorboats.
Some poppets are part of pickups.
Some poppets are part of taxis.
Some poppets are part of trucks.
Some poppets are part of turbines.
Poppy anemones have larger crimson, violet, pink or white flowers.
Poppy anemones thrive in zones.
Most poppy anemones thrive in zones.
Poppy donations go into trust funds to help needy veterans and their families throughout the year.
Poppy fields can look a riot of colour from the ground, from the air they can appear very thin.
Poppy flowers need water.
Poppy growers can now market their products over a wider arena.
Poppy jasper brings attunement to animals and heals animal allergies.
Poppy Mountain has everything to offer.
Poppy orange is the standard inventory color for rack beams.
Poppy plants are important as ornamental plants in flower gardens.
Poppy plants can become waterlogged and die after a heavy rainfall in poorly drained soil.
Some poppy plants grow feet.
Poppy production is another problem Pakistan has successfully eradicated.
A poppy seed is a seasoning
Poppy seed is now a very valuable by-product of the Tasmanian poppy industry.
Poppy seeds add flavour and texture to breads, cookies, muffins, cakes and other foods.
Poppy seeds appear in many foods during Purim.
Poppy seeds are a good source of carbohydrates that provide more energy into the body.
Poppy seeds are a no no.
Poppy seeds are a popular addition to salad dressings, cakes and muffins.
Poppy seeds are a potential source of anti-cancer drugs.
Poppy seeds are available in both fresh and ground form.
Poppy seeds are effective in treating eczema due to their high content of linolenic acid.
Poppy seeds are inside a little capsule that has little openings around the top .
Poppy seeds are inside a little capsule that has little openings around the top.
Poppy seeds are less allergic among seeds and can be used safely even by pregnant women and kids.
Poppy seeds are less allergic among seeds and nuts.
Poppy seeds are less than a millimeter in length, kidney-shaped, and have a pitted surface.
Poppy seeds are one of favorite items in many cultures.
Poppy seeds are one of the necessary ingredients in many cooling medicines.
Poppy seeds are popular ingredients and generally employed as condiment and to press oil.
Poppy seeds are quite perishable because of their high oil content.
Poppy seeds are rich in oil, carbohydrates, calcium and protein.
Poppy seeds are seeds.
Poppy seeds are tasteless but when heated, they obtain a nutty, spicy-sweet flavor.
Poppy seeds are the main source of opiates used for the production of painkillers.
Poppy seeds are tiny and can clump together when sown.
Poppy seeds are used around the world in various cuisines .
Poppy seeds are used as a food in many cultures.
Poppy seeds are used as a topping for French breads androlls.
Poppy seeds are used in the preparation of confections and breads.
Poppy seeds are used in various cultures to impart their rich nutty flavor to the recipes.
Poppy seeds are used in various German breads and desserts as well as in Polish cuisine .
Poppy seeds can show up as opiates, and hemp-food products can produce positives for marijuana.
Poppy seeds contain minerals.
Poppy seeds contain minerals.
Poppy seeds contain morphine.
Poppy seeds contain small amounts of opiates and can produce a positive test for opium.
Poppy seeds have a mild, nutty taste and are especially popular in breads and baked goods.
Poppy seeds have to be properly crushed in order to create a good filling.
Poppy seeds make hens and chicks.
Poppy seeds produce a crunchy and nutty flavor in the bread.
Poppy seeds used as topping of breads are safe.
All poppy seed is sold strictly for consumption as a spice.
Most poppy seeds contain minerals.
Some poppy seeds add flavour.
Some poppy seeds cause damage.
Some poppy seeds cause neurological damage.
Some poppy seeds come from poppies.
Some poppy seeds contain acid.
Some poppy seeds contain fatty acid.
Some poppy seeds contain fiber.
Some poppy seeds contain plants.
Some poppy seeds have spices.
Poppy tea can be addictive and can be deadly.
Poppy tea is a herbal infusion brewed from poppy straw or seeds.
Poppy wax is an ester of ceryl alcohol and palmitic acid.
A poppy is a flower
Poppies are a diverse group of flowers with annuals, biennials and perennials in their ranks.
Poppies are a flower that bloom in the summer.
Poppies are a symbol of consolation in time of death.
Poppies are common throughout Europe and Eurasia as wild escapes from cultivation.
Poppies are comparatively easy to grow and sell.
Poppies are easy to grow, too, and often reseed rapidly in good conditions.
Poppies are exquisite cut flowers when cut properly.
Poppies are flowers.
Poppies are herbaceous annual , biennial or short-lived perennial plants.
Poppies are herbaceous plants , often grown for their colorful flowers.
Poppies are in full bloom late spring to early summer.
Poppies are invaluable for bringing bright color to the garden in early summer.
Poppies are lanced in the afternoonand the latex is scraped off the next morning.
Poppies are on of natures most beatiful creations.
Poppies are perennials that like poor to average soils that tend toward dryness.
Poppies are perennials.
Poppies are the beloved flower of Ukraine, symbolizing joy and beauty.
Poppies are very hardy perennials that prefer well drained soil, avoid wet feet in winter.
Poppies bloom in springs.
Poppies can take a bit of frost but are fragile to it in the seedling stage.
Poppies decline rapidly in poorly drained soils.
Poppies demand good drainage for proper growth.
Poppies grow from a taproot.
Poppies grow in zones.
Poppies have (part) blossoms.
Poppies have (part) carpels.
Poppies have (part) cell membranes.
Poppies have (part) cells.
Poppies have (part) corpi.
Poppies have (part) cytoplasm.
Poppies have (part) flowers.
Poppies have (part) nuclei.
Poppies have (part) ovaries.
Poppies have (part) perianths.
Poppies have (part) plasma membranes.
Poppies have (part) sections.
Poppies have (part) stamens.
Poppies have (part) vacuoles.
Poppies have both a male and a female part on the same flower.
Poppies have flowers.
Poppies have petals.
Poppies have quality.
Poppies have seeds.
Poppies have tiny seeds.
Poppies is a legend, and a lovely place to stay.
Poppies make great cut flowers.
Poppies need full sunlight.
Poppies need sunlight.
Poppies prefer full sun, well-drained soils and cool weather.
Poppies produce flowers.
Poppies require light to germinate so cover lightly.
Poppies retain color.
Poppies transplant poorly so it is usually best to plant the seeds where they are intended to grow.
Poppies wrap their sullen roots about the wrists and ribs.
Poppy isa angiosperm.
All poppies can reproduce from seeds, which develop as blooms fade.
Many poppies are annual plants that can be grown from seed.
Most poppies are surprisingly free from pests and disease.
Most poppies grow in zones.
Most poppies have a white bloom, but one red appeared in the field.
Most poppies have flowers.
Most poppies have petals.
Most poppies have quality.
Most poppies have seeds.
Most poppies have tiny seeds.
Most poppies produce flowers.
Most poppies retain color.
Some poppies are white and some are purplish-blue.
Some poppies contain chemicals.
Some poppies grow on stalks.
Some poppies grow on thin stalks.
Some poppies grow on weak stalks.
Some poppies have characters.
Some poppies have cups.
Some poppies possess many different quality.
Some poppies possess quality.
Some poppies survive several years.
Some poppies survive years.
Some poppies thrive in areas.
Some poppies thrive in sandy areas.
POPS groups are in the progress at all levels, from kindergarten through the twelfth grade.
POPs POPs require unique risk management strategies.
Popsicle sticks are good for making picture frames, and they're cheap, too.
Popsicle sticks are great for mixing.
Popsicle sticks make great markers for seed starts or small plants.
Popsicle sticks make great pretend trees.
Popsicle sticks work well for mixing.
A popsicle is frozen dessert
Popsicle become a food staple.
Popsicles are also a cool treat for the summertime.
Popsicles are also good to suck on.
Popsicles are also good.
Popsicles are food items such as fruit or fish frozen in water.
Popsicles are located in freezers.
Popsicles are wonderful for sore throats Use a cold steamer rather than a hot steam vaporizer.
Popsicles become a food staple.
Popsicles can help decrease a fever and increase fluids while soothing a sore throat.
A populace is a people
Populace is welcome to attend.
Any populace considering preferential voting has to be prepared to use it for the first time.
Popular accompaniments are sliced and fresh-pickled cucumbers and sour cream.
Some popular accounts describe kings as counterfeiters because they mixed copper with the silver .
Popular activism is critical for democracy.
Popular activities are watersports, fishing and boating.
Popular actress shows common sense.
Popular advertising features more off trail riding than on.
Popular algorithms are neighbourhood components analysis and large margin nearest neighbor .
Popular antique show offering choice antiques.
Popular appeal is a dangerous justification for tax cuts, however.
Popular appeal is maintained without compromising educational quality.
Popular area stop for travelers.
Popular areas are more popular than ever before.
Popular areas are too numerous to mention here.
Popular areas continue to be crowded with visitors, and parking lots are overflowing.
Some popular areas are closed to camping due to heavy use.
Some popular areas have bolts for anchors, and others require a healthy supply of sling.
Popular arrangements are also a part of the repertoire.
Popular art is usually cute, pretty, figurative and pre-World War Two.
Popular art requires continuity and order, elements generally lacking in genuine events.
Popular art tends to eschew innovation.
Popular articles are secondary literature because they usually summarize other research.
Popular articles are swords, daggers and shields.
Popular assent is another one.
Popular attractions are a pasture land and a botanical garden.
Many popular attractions are near the hotel.
Popular author attempts to analyze healing effects of prayer statistically.
Some popular authors propose alternate theories .
Popular bait includes earthworms, oatmeal, and chicken feed.
Popular baits are chicken liver, worms, french fries and hot dogs soaked in fish attractor.
Popular baits are live mudsuckers, small croaker and tilapia.
Popular baits are shiner minnows on colorful jigs.
Popular baits are small spinners, jigs and minnows.
Popular belief argues that a catalyst, or change agent, is needed to exact such substantial change.
Popular belief blames the development of flu on the influence of the stars.
Popular belief has it that Texas' homeless problem is rooted in the Rust Belt.
Popular belief is that the almighty power enters the human body and blesses the people.
Popular belief is wrong.
Popular belief sees figureheads as all female and beautiful beings.
Some popular beliefs are likely false and some important facts are overlooked.
Popular benchmarks keep vendors attuned to applications.
Popular books are also topics with math problems to go along with the story.
Popular books are available for seven days.
Many popular books are now available in audiocassette format.
Most popular brands are completely compatible.
Popular breeds come and go.
Popular breeds have unpopular inherited problems.
Most popular breeds are available.
Most popular breeds are over-bred and that leads to temperament problems.
Popular browsers display information as it is received.
Popular browsers help to reduce inefficiencies by locally caching Web objects.
Most popular browsers support it.
Most popular browsers support the use of a proxy server as a gateway to the Web.
Popular bundles are in stock and ready to go.
Popular candy is salted licorice.
Popular casino is situated next door.
Popular categories are business,travel, entertainment, shopping, and the like.
Some popular categories are hobbies, teaching, animals, flowers, and organizations.
Popular celebrations are the product of every town's traditions and legends.
Popular celebrities lead the charge.
Many popular celebrities appear in magazines and television wearing the milk mustache.
Popular children enjoy recess, where their leadership and popularity can shine.
Popular choices are a pen or box engraved with their name.
Popular choices are angels or stars.
Popular classes fill quickly so register early.
Popular classes fill quickly.
Many popular classes fill quickly.
Many popular classes have lots of repetition and simple choreography.
Some popular classes have a waiting list.
Some popular classifications are by color, by size or by manufacturer.
Many popular collectibles have web pages devoted to identification, preservation and sale.
Popular colors are semi-weathering green, gray, black and purple.
Popular colors are silver bodies with brown skirts.
Every popular color is available, they bolt on easily and perform like surgeons plucking eyebrows.
Many popular colors are available for namebadges and desk and door nameplates.
Most popular colors are blue, red, honey and white.
Most popular colors are green and brown.
Popular colours are yellow and orange, but they are available in every colour except blue.
Most popular columns are available in the facility.
Popular companies are viewsonic, infocus and eizo.
Popular comprehensives choose on the basis of nearness to school.
Popular concept is to make the salt pour when it rains.
Popular concern is also damage to DNA which can lead to cancer and aging.
Popular connections are often on the same platform.
Popular consensus is that teeth self-destruct.
Popular consensus says that reality is based on popular consensus.
Popular contents are stones, grasses, and animal parts.
Popular control generates better teaching.
Popular country look.
Popular couple dances with set patterns covering traditional as well as current social dancing.
Popular courses fill quickly.
Popular courses fill up quickly.
Many popular courses fill early.
Some popular courses tend to dissipate a man's energy, time and resources.
Some popular courses tend to dissipate a student's energy, time, and resources.
Popular crawlers are green drakes and pale morning duns.
Popular crops are corn, wheat or other grains, and various hays for cattle feed.
Popular culture can give glimpses into Japanese life, social issues, and trends.
Popular culture can initiate some vibrant and interesting heritage discussions.
Popular culture can often help to guide scientific studies.
Popular culture can play a critical role in giving young people the confidence to reject drugs.
Popular culture can, in a sense, legitimize an idea.
Popular culture continues to make occasional references to the legend.
Popular culture creates order out of chaos.
Popular culture does get a little attention.
Popular culture enters our world on our terms.
Popular culture has a recurrent fascination with doomsday pathogens.
Popular culture has an earthier edge.
Popular culture includes everything from comic books, to movies, to advertising.
Popular culture inhabits all of our lives in one form or another.
Popular culture involves mass media.
Popular culture is a far more accurate portrayal of a society than highbrow culture.
Popular culture is a powerful tool for reaching the masses and tackling deeply-rooted social issues.
Popular culture is a rich field of study, drawing in researchers from a variety of disciplines.
Popular culture is all they've known.
Popular culture is also important and is enjoyed by millions.
Popular culture is enslaved by desire for pleasure, profit, and praise.
Popular culture is full of Plath citings.
Popular culture is fun and so is studying it.
Popular culture is important.
Popular culture is in love with the idea of free prizes, free money, and free stuff.
Popular culture is inclined toward superlatives and celebrity.
Popular culture is many times synonymous with American culture.
Popular culture is more formulaic than high art.
Popular culture is now firmly established as a mainstream discipline.
Popular culture is often irreverent, sometimes deviant.
Popular culture is our leading export.
Popular culture is produced under conditions of subordination.
Popular culture is replete with illustrations of how simple neglect can result in tragic situations.
Popular culture is stuff that people really like now.
Popular culture is the art of making do with what the system provides.
Popular culture is the result of human communicative activity, primarily via the mass media.
Popular culture is the sum of ideas, activities, and fads that have been or are part of our lives.
Popular culture is the very oxygen of our collective life.
Popular culture is thus a contested terrain, malleable and changing.
Popular culture is, as a whole, worthless excrement.
Popular culture loves box office, and box office loves celebrity, especially celebrity in trouble.
Popular culture offers examples galore of biblical transmutations.
Popular culture portrays science as being beyond the understanding of the non-specialist.
Popular culture proposes imaginary solutions to real problems.
Popular culture refers to a fashionable trend in society, whether in the past or present.
Popular culture reinforces the sense of pessimism, even doom about the chances for marital success.
Popular culture romanticizes poverty's desperate life.
Popular culture s so ubiquitous.
Popular culture seems to agree.
Popular culture seems to encourage premarital sex, but most religions find it to be immoral.
Popular culture stars notwithstanding.
Popular culture wants to view law as the overarching principles of a just and harmonious society.
Popular custom is much less firmly rooted.
Popular customs are highly interesting as well.
Popular cynicism is far more rampant than faith in the system.
Popular dance gets an outing too.
Popular dance places strong emphasis on individuality and musical expression.
Popular Databases View a list of our most popular databases.
Popular dates sell out early, so be safe.
Popular debate is the means by which civilisations advance.
Many popular decks are vulernable to one or more of the cards listed above.
Popular delusion is used as a means of social control and manipulation.
Popular demand helps move the canonization process along.
Popular democracy requires responsible leadership and enlightened followers.
Popular democrats agree with elite democrats about the importance of markets and private property.
Popular democrats see low levels of political participation as a sign of a sick democracy.
Popular democrats stress the importance of social movements to democracy.
Some popular democrats emphasize the difficulties citizens face in registering to vote.
Popular descriptions using non-technical terms are usually much longer and less accurate.
Popular design reduces overall size and provides fashionable lower profile.
Popular designs are sunbursts, medallions, and astrological signs.
Many popular designs have large doors on the front or sides of the habitat.
Popular destinations tend to have competitive rates that change frequently.
Many popular dictionaries try very hard to define a fact, and most still get it wrong.
Popular diets contribute to health.
Most popular diets contribute to health.
Some popular diets can contribute to decreased health and dental issues.
Popular discussions center around holidays and worship practices.
Popular diseases are skin infection, sinus infection, parasitic gastro-intestinal, and hypertension.
Popular dishes are Dutch pea soup, meat balls, raw herring, smoked eel, and chips with mayonnaise.
Popular dishes are peas and grits, peas and rice, salads, and pudding-like macaroni cheese.
Some popular dishes are made of cheese.
Some popular dishes are made of fresh cheese.
Popular dive attracts men who served aboard the ship.
Popular divination is nothing new, of course.
Popular editors are emacs , xemacs and vi .
Popular education advocates participatory learning processes.
Popular education bases the learning on our lived experience.
Popular education begins with people's own experience.
Popular education democratizes the creation of, access to, and the dissemination of information.
Popular education evolves and adapts.
Popular education involves a continuing process of self-criticism and renewal.
Popular education is a constantly changing and growing process that has roots in many countries.
Popular education is a continuous process of learning and unlearning.
Popular education is a different case altogether.
Popular education is a method that can prove useful to youth groups and other organizations.
Popular education is absolutely essential.
Popular education is political education for everyday people.
Popular education motivates people to action towards social change and is transformative.
Popular education prioritizes the poor, marginalized, deprived and oppressed.
Popular election has the clear advantage of involving the electors in the process.
Most popular entertainers are likely have a following of loyal fans.
Popular entertainment spins our hopes and dreams and nightmares, our heroes and villains.
Popular events are events with the highest click-through ratings.
Popular events are too numerous to list.
Popular examples are futures, options and swaps.
Most popular example is page counters.
Popular exhibits feature scrimshaw, ship models, and paintings.
Popular expenditures includes books, music, travel, clothes and software.
Popular expert provides tips and motivation on making fitness and nutrition lifestyle changes.
Some popular factors are if that family has children and is the couple divorced.
Popular fashions are close to impossible to trace.
Popular favorites are grapes, apples, bananas, and oranges.
Popular favourites are India, Pakistan and Italy.
Most popular features are unlock and locking of the doors remotely.
Popular feeling is strongly pro-whaling.
Popular fiction is usually about change in the protagonist.
Popular film is one such sphere.
Popular films are available countrywide at reasonable prices.
Popular films are available from commercial rental stores.
Popular films are better today than they have ever been.
Popular films become popular for a specific reason.
Popular finds are shells used for food and tools or broken bits of pottery.
Popular fish are crappie, perch, catfish, bass, and red drum.
Popular flavors are available.
Many popular flowers can be dangerous.
Most popular flies are small black stoneflies.
Popular folklore attaches great meaning or significance to what day of the week a baby is born.
Some popular foods served in Asian communities are acidic so they leach lead more readily.
Popular formats exist because they conform to a standard that programs can recognize.
Many popular formulations contain tung oil or silicone products which have proven to age poorly.
Popular fruits are at risk more than most.
Popular fruits are bananas, mangos, pineapples, coconuts, lichees, and jackfruit.
Popular game includes duck, deer, dove, quail, rabbit and squirrel.
More popular games contain a lot of scripts.
Most popular game is team solitaire.
Most popular games are blackjack, roulette and slots.
Popular government implies an educated citizenship.
Popular government is in itself, therefore, less iniquitous, less abominable than despotic power.
Popular government is self-government.
Popular groups can.
Any popular guide can illustrate only a fraction of the plants present in a particular area.
Popular herbs grow in gardens.
Popular herbs include basils.
Most popular herbs grow in gardens.
Some popular herbs grow in water.
Some popular herbicides labeled for tobacco are an unknown entity for cole crops.
Most popular hotels fill up quickly.
Popular hymns are apart of the weekly worship.
Popular hypotheses credit a primordial soup, a bolt of lightning and a colossal stroke of luck.
Popular ideas have a way of seducing reason and healthy questions.
Popular images come and go.
Popular impulse buy at hardware, grocery, convenience and gift stores.
Popular indignation is high.
Popular influence is short-lived.
Popular ingredients are youthful innocence, love and only a modicum of social reality.
Popular institutions are of divine origin.
Popular islands can be very touristy, with cheesy resorts and burned tourists crowding the beaches.
Some popular issues are on reserve at the circulation desk.
Some popular issues sell out in less time.
Popular items are backpack trips, dayhikes, bicycle trips, caving, and birdwatching.
Popular items are kids clothes and commodities because many mothers can come.
Popular items are sweats, coat, windbreaker, jeans pants.
Popular items remain at locations for longer periods before moving onto another location.
Many popular items are in stock and can be purchased for immediate delivery.
Most popular item is garlic-marinated roast chicken.
Most popular items are pens, calendars, address books, tee shirts, hats, mugs and matchbooks.
Some popular items are dell laptops, refurbished notebooks, sager notebooks and toughbooks.
Popular journals are attractive and have eye appeal.
Popular journals have a general, rather than academic, audience.
Many popular journals are on reserve and are listed below.
Most popular joysticks have a twist feature, intended for rudder control.
Popular kids entertainer from Ontario.
Popular legend maintains that it was built to serve as the seat of the provincial government.
Popular lentils are the black, green and yellow varieties.
Most popular lettuce is iceberg lettuce.
Popular limits appear at the bottom of the first search screen.
Popular limits appear with more options available at a second level.
Popular line are ex-stock with other details available on request.
Popular lists have thousands of subscribers, and hundreds of messages per day.
Many popular lists give members the option of receiving the digest version.
Popular literature can reveal much about the passions and foibles of a society.
Popular literature contains many references to their use and effectiveness.
Popular literature is directed at a limited audience.
Popular literature is excluded.
Popular literature is often misleading.
Popular locations are the Gold Coast and the Sunshine Coast .
Most popular lures are bait-tail jigs, swimming plugs and topwater plugs.
Popular macaws are the blue and gold macaw and the Scarlet macaw.
Popular magazine features entertainment news and reviews, and a bulletin board for user comments.
Popular magazines are a source of colorful examples and ideas.
Popular magazines are also a good source of circuit ideas.
Popular magazines are available at all locations.
Popular magazines are available.
Popular magazines are non-technical and written for a general audience.
Popular magazines are similar to commercial television programs.
Popular magazines are similar to newspapers.
Popular magazines can be good sources for current general news, sports, and popular culture.
Popular magazines have short articles that are written to inform or entertain the general public.
Popular magazines have short articles that are written to inform the general public.
Popular magazines vary widely in quality.
Many popular magazines are available in e-editions.
Many popular magazines devoted to current events come out weekly or twice a month.
Many popular magazines use book excerpts.
Most popular magazines focus on news and commentary.
Some popular magicians reveal the magic behind the act.
Most popular majors are psychology and business management.
Popular majorities can generally look after themselves.
Some popular manufacturers require a special adapter for their cellular phones.
Popular materials are cotton, linen and polyester.
All popular materials are available.
Popular media are clearly part of the social environment of youth.
Popular media generate requests.
Popular media have a very strong influence on the way modern students look at and talk about sex.
Popular media is a power tool.
Popular media tends to depict violence as relatively common, and generally effective.
Popular merchandise includes antiques, designer clothing and crafts and souvenirs of New Zealand.
Popular methods are to use a tip-up or a small ice fishing pole.
Popular methods used are jerk baits and buzz baits.
Most popular method is by credit card.
Most popular methods seem to be working, long lineing and jigging seem best for eyes.
Popular minister says that, without love, faith if powerless.
Popular misconceptions abound, but one of the ugliest is that of the poodle.
Popular misconceptions abound.
Popular models are a qualitative explanation of price fluctuations.
Many popular models are in stock, available for immediate shipment.
Many popular models are readily available.
Popular mounts are available at listed prices.
Popular movements are closely related to consumer power.
Popular movements come and go.
Popular movies are available nightly.
Popular museum exists in the theatre for many years.
Popular music cassettes and CDs.
Popular music comes to offer it.
Popular music contains sound bites.
Popular music crazes extend beyond the groups and individuals themselves.
Popular music has a separate language now, with many fewer words in common.
Popular music has an important place in our courses, and in our regular concerts .
Popular music includes a range of vocal styles.
Popular music is a democratic cornucopia, the great equaliser.
Popular music is a Jewish monopoly.
Popular music is a universal constant.
Popular music is about falling in love with the opposite sex.
Popular music is about sex.
Popular music is awash in plenitude.
Popular music is changed forever, everyone has a good time.
Popular music is fascinating because it uses the instruments and rhythms of traditional Greek music.
Popular music is for the masses a perpetual bus man's holiday.
Popular music is insipid or outright vomitous, and it fills the streets.
Popular music is much more threaded through everyday life than film or television.
Popular music is music.
Popular music is musical style
Popular music is nothing but a cesspool of evil trash poisoning the minds of America's youth.
Popular music is often associational, which helps.
Popular music is often available only in recorded form.
Popular music is one form of expression for the individual.
Popular music is part of an album.
Popular music is rather boring for it thrives on repetition and similarity.
Popular music is selected by record exec's.
Popular music is the backdrop for much of adolescent life.
Popular music is transformed.
Popular music is trend.
Popular music is used extensively, along with short classical and flamenco pieces.
Popular music is what the most people like to listen to at the same time.
Popular music provides a good example.
Popular music reflects inner quests.
Popular music responds to, reflects, and influences our culture and society.
Popular music seems totally empty.
Popular music tends to distort the image of police officers.
All popular music comes out of the blues.
Any popular music has to been seen as negative before it's accepted in the mainstream community.
Some popular music sends terrible messages.
Popular musicians study classical music to learn technique.
Many popular musicians are interested in music therapy.
Popular myth has it that male workers make up the majority of the refugee population.
Popular myth identifies it as a meeting place, a place of sexual healing, a spiritual trig point.
Popular mythology has the nation deep in the Great Depression.
Popular names are even more evocative.
Popular names are numerous and inexact.
Popular names have the extension of .CO.UK, .ORG.UK , however, many others are available.
Popular nonfiction is often valuable to nonspecialists who want an overview of a subject.
Popular notions require little protection.
Popular nouns are big business.
Some popular observations are correct.
Popular offerings are computers, word processing, and how to run a small business.
Most popular ones are however.
Popular opinion dictates capitalism helps the rich and hurts the poor.
Popular opinion finds something objectionable in every possible aspect of stock market transactions.
Popular opinion holds and when it's wrong.
Popular opinion holds that boys have been overly advantaged in society for generations.
Popular opinion holds that grass clippings cause thatch.
Popular opinion holds that longer scale length contributes to greater amplitude .
Popular opinion indicates that people prefer a woman who seems more victim than opportunist.
Popular opinion is a belief
Popular opinion is bank opinion.
Popular opinion is built by politicians to encourage opposition against religious movements.
Popular opinion is particularly hostile to enlargement in Austria.
Popular opinion is subject to whim.
Popular opinion is the greatest lie in the world.
Popular opinion says that it is a money sack and that a glint of gold can be seen through the tear.
Some popular opinion has dormancy.
Popular opposition is intense.
Popular options are algebra, analysis and statistics.
Popular options range from weekend group challenge experiences to private guiding.
Popular options range from weekend ropes course experiences to private guiding.
All popular packages allow for estimating and customer information organization.
Popular participation is essential to the success of social programmes.
Popular patio buffet in the summer.
Popular patterns differ from one dynasty to another.
Popular perception has it, though, that the school essentially has to be like all the rest.
Popular perception is that the entire nation was involved.
Popular perception portrays students moving from party to party in an alcohol-induced fog.
Popular perennials are thyme, marjoram, oregano, rosemary, tarragon, chives and fennel.
Popular performers host the event and sing their songs, in between the contestants' demonstrations.
Popular performers provide entertainment at the nightly country music shows.
Popular periodicals tend to be more leisure reading rather than scholarly reading.
Popular petitions are for political purposes.
Popular piety is a second source of frustration in teaching worship.
Popular piety is mirrored in the miracles.
Most popular places are the chat rooms and message boards.
More popular poets clothe the ideal with familiar and sensible imagery.
Popular polls show education to be a priority issue every day.
Popular polyester is called terylene and another name for the terylene fiber is dracon.
Many popular portals are free services that generate revenue by carrying banner ads.
Popular power is a very infectious phenomenon.
Popular practice is to trim the heels to the widest part of the frog.
Popular prefixes are contact, sales, and info.
Popular prescriptions are the platitudes and proverbs by which people live their lives.
Popular prescriptions define our intellectual and moral makeup.
Popular prescriptions define their intellectual and moral makeup.
Popular pressure is the key to ensuring comprehensive change.
Many popular processions fill the town's streets.
Popular products are kids online games.
Popular programs are physician assistant and education certification.
Popular programs are the front page news, grocery store ads, obituaries, and editorials.
Popular programs fill up quickly, and early applicants often have better housing choices.
All popular programs receive good pictures under similar conditions.
Many popular programs are also available for use.
Popular psychology looks at the many aspects of human behaviour that relate to the self.
Popular psychology says to put the self first, but when the self is first, peace is last.
Popular publication offers statewide classified ads.
Popular publications allege that men are walking out on marriages in record numbers.
Some popular publications are for the hobbyist.
Popular pulses are peas, beans and lentils.
Popular quotes support their misguided beliefs.
Popular racism seems most prevalent in Italy which saw four deaths at the hands of racists.
Popular recreation includes shelling and surf fishing.
Popular requests are for dinosaur, animal, fairy tale, and joke books.
Popular restaurants fizzle, obscure restaurants suddenly catch the public s fancy.
Popular restaurants witness vibrant activity in serving meals to fasting people.
Many popular restaurants are also nearby.
Many popular restaurants are around the hotel.
Many popular restaurants are within walking distance.
Many popular restaurants surround the nearby area.
Popular reviewers trust wisely.
Popular rhetoric holds that a layer of body fat helps keep humans, and other mammals, warm.
Popular routes have the advantage of usually providing a packed trail.
Most popular Salsa is just a tough New York City attitude about how to jam Cuban music.
Popular schools have to select some way.
Popular science is more important than ever.
Popular science plays a key role in eliciting public cooperation for programmes based on science.
Popular Searches Enter two family surnames to find pages listing both names.
Popular sentiment derides guys of such obsessions as geeks.
Popular sentiment is equally irrelevant.
Popular series continues, with improvements, in North Africa.
More popular shows can be rather packed.
Popular silver plated products include cutlery and tea services.
Popular sins are, to say the least, silently tolerated.
Popular singers enjoy success with their bands, recording, and international touring.
Popular singers perform in several places on one night during summer.
Popular sitcoms are replete with talk, jokes, and double entendres about sex.
Popular site offers beer news and reviews from two brewers from Boston.
Popular site provides the latest on Congressional floor activities.
Popular sites can make even more, with banner advertising and other side income opportunities.
Popular sites continue to be located in California, Colorado, Florida, and Arizona.
Popular sites fill well before the printed deadline.
Popular sites utilizing e-commerce suffer about five such attacks per month.
Many popular sites are almost inaccessible at certain times of the day.
Many popular sites fill early from medical students worldwide.
Many popular sites use robot protocols to limit access by spiders.
Most popular sites offer ad agency discounts and volume or frequency discounts.
Some popular sites are overloaded and at peak times, it is hard to get in.
Some popular sites get millions of hits in one day.
Some popular sites publish articles weekly, daily or even constantly.
Popular sizes are usually blue-coated to give light approximating to daylight.
Popular songs are a good source for our purposes.
Popular songs are likewise capable of combining eloquence and profundity.
Popular songs fill the hall with a high-quality recording of selected pieces.
Popular songs tend to reflect what is on the public's mind.
Many popular songs have near rhyme throughout.
Some popular songs do use scripture as a reference.
Popular sovereignty is the point of any republic.
Popular sovereignty means that the people rule.
Popular sovereignty suggests that power rests with the people.
Popular speakers are difficult to secure, and require plenty lead-time in scheduling.
Popular speech is, after all, a relative term.
Popular sports include surf.
Popular sports involve direct, violent contact between participants.
Most popular sports are basketball, aerobics, swimming and squash.
Popular spots are the current weekly issue and the archive of back issues .
Some popular spots are used year after year and are piled deep with egg shells.
Popular starters are the barbecued cold cuts in various combinations.
Popular strains are incorporated into new hybrids, which often bear a similar name to their parent.
Popular styles are the notched taped single-breasted coat.
Some popular styles are shotgun, batwing, chinks and wollies.
Popular support is crucial.
Popular support is essential in the struggle for historic preservation.
Popular support is nevertheless still very high.
Popular support is one of the key weapons on the reformist side.
Popular surveys show that the public is concerned about education.
Popular systems vary too fast.
Most popular systems lose money consistently, yet they still advertise how effective it is.
Some popular tattoos are Asian characters, flowers, tribal signs and butterflies.
Popular techniques depend upon both the sender and receiver having knowledge of the secret key.
Popular teen hang out.
Popular text based mail clients include pine, elm and mutt.
Popular theater combines singing with instruments and has dance, mime, and poetry.
Popular theatre encompasses community education, community organizing and theatre making.
Popular theatre works well with television, because again that medium conveys images.
Popular theme is technology s control over people.
Popular themes are happiness, wealth, longevity, and satisfactory marriage with children.
Popular themes are happiness, wealth, longevity, satisfactory marriage, and children.
Popular themes are popular for a reason.
Popular theories are well represented and current, but the collection as a whole is dated.
Popular theory is that meteorites ,impacting Earth, sent debris up into space.
Popular theory suggests that milk synthesis is controlled through prolactin.
Popular theory varies widely about what to do when students are deliberately difficult.
Many popular theories have an astronomical or anthropological basis.
Most popular theory is that it was built by Norsemen before Columbus' voyage.
Many popular therapies fly in the face of well-established principles of biology and physics.
Some popular threads can get very complicated.
Many popular titles are available at discount prices.
More popular titles can initially be more expensive because of demand.
Many popular tools provide development and deployment support.
Some popular tools are now cordless, magnetic, or ergonomic.
Popular tourist stop just north of Fairbanks.
Popular tradition dims the romantic elements.
Popular trails lead up the Fall River and deep into the park.
Many popular trails offer scenic beauty and are easily accessible.
Most popular trails are well-signed.
Popular trials are a distinctive form of public discourse.
Popular trials are a pervasive part of public life with important social and political functions.
Many popular trips fill up two or more weeks prior to the trip date.
Popular truck stop.
Popular types are the large Spanish varieties and Italian reds .
Popular typefaces are helvetica and arial.
Most popular units have pull-out units which permit top tab or side tab filefolders to be used.
Popular unrest continues in other parts of the country.
Many popular upgrades are available .
Popular uses are for tracking users to enter a site, and for creating a guestbook type application.
Popular use is with bulldozer and snowplow blades.
Popular uses are glass walls in offices, conference rooms, lobbies, and store fronts.
Popular varieties are goat cheese, chicken and artichokes.
Popular varieties depend on the region.
Popular varieties do sell out fast.
Popular vectors are plasmids, cosmids, phages, BACs and YACs.
Popular verse is welcomed into the fold.
Popular versions are in stock for same day delivery.
Popular videos circulate for two days.
Popular views are opposed to foreign influence.
Popular vote decides the best yarn spinner.
Popular votes determine the winners.
Popular votes tell who is the most popular.
Popular voting is the distinguishing feature of any participatory government.
Popular voting promotes sectionalism.
Popular weapons continue to be refined and developed, of course, and napalm was no exception.
Popular websites can experience unpredictably high peaks at any time of the day or night.
Popular wisdom has it that a healthy ecology means a lousy economy.
Popular wisdom has it that people who are hooked on food are set on destroying themselves.
Popular wisdom is once again wrong, just as it has been so often in the past.
Popular wisdom says it is important to use fresh formaldehyde.
Popular wisdom suggests that churches are defined and divided by their theology.
Popular wisdom understands how the best ideals are bent to the most malign purposes.
Popular words are options and dreams.
Popular works is used for works written for non-professionals or lay audiences.
Popular writing responds with a desire to emulate computer graphics.
A popularisation is a degradation
Popularisation is undoubtedly a useful thing.
Popularity rating is featured.
Popularity rating rises.
Popularity rating soars.
Popularity appears to be a factor in their ranking.
Popularity based on enforced ignorance is phony and un-American.
Popularity breeds pressure.
Popularity can be a bad thing.
Popularity can be such a bitch.
Popularity can get very expensive with cam sites.
Popularity can make up for one missing level.
Popularity comes and goes.
Popularity comes from exposure, and apparently popularity now determines exposuire.
Popularity creeps in and the new work ceases and the circuit preaching commences.
Popularity deals with a person's insecurities.
Popularity deflates our illusions of being unique and special.
Popularity does come into play.
Popularity does have a downside, and in Canton it's the lack of parking.
Popularity drives fads.
Popularity equals quality, thus a computer program can evaluate what's the good stuff.
Popularity Find out how wine has grown in popularity throughout history.
Popularity go up, updates go up.
Popularity goes hand in hand with confidence.
Popularity grows with the home run and glamour of the profession.
Popularity has a price.
Popularity has nothing to do with kissing fears.
Popularity here is judged by traffic, comments, and social media sharing.
Popularity increase all over the world is predicted in the future.
Popularity is a big issue with teens today.
Popularity is a burden some players are happy to deal with.
Popularity is a factor of the number of links pointing to the domain on other web pages.
Popularity is a factor of the number of links pointing to the domain on other Web pages.
Popularity is a funny thing.
Popularity is a measure of how many people like something.
Popularity is a socially transmitted disease.
Popularity is alive and well on the Internet.
Popularity is all-important.
Popularity is an accident.
Popularity is an ancient goal.
Popularity is based on the average number of daily page visits.
Popularity is calculated by measuring the number of sites linking to a site.
Popularity is certainly a useful indicator.
Popularity is cool, when it's for the right reasons.
Popularity is deceptive, especially for the church.
Popularity is directly proportional to winning, obviously.
Popularity is easy to measure.
Popularity is enhanced by inaccessibility.
Popularity is for dolls.
Popularity is gained by linking up with other webmasters.
Popularity is great, but with it comes responsibility.
Popularity is history's pocket change.
Popularity is important because the most effective communication reaches a lot of people.
Popularity is inversely proportional to the quality of a film.
Popularity is measured by the number of times users click through to a particular product.
Popularity is measured by the Sales Mix of competing menu items.
Popularity is more complicated than it seems.
Popularity is more important than literary quality.
Popularity is never the measure of truth.
Popularity is no index of truth in mathematics or the natural sciences.
Popularity is no sign of elevated literature, of course.
Popularity is on the rise.
Popularity is only one criteria of the success of a model.
Popularity is only one reason to store data.
Popularity is overrated.
Popularity is power.
Popularity is quality
Popularity is quality.
Popularity is quality.
Popularity is something that people strive to be, the person who's so-called cool or in style.
Popularity is states.
Popularity is the crown of laurel which the world puts on bad art.
Popularity is the key to web traffic from search engines so every link is valuable.
Popularity is the most subjective quality of all.
Popularity is the only consequential barometer of their importance.
Popularity is usually a by-product of accidental, unaccountable forces.
Popularity is usually morally neutral and is just as often bad as good.
Popularity is very important to reach the top ten position in the search engines.
Popularity makes it advisable to pre-book start times by phone.
Popularity makes it easy to find opponents during the whole day.
Popularity plays a major role and is a huge ingredient to school and our social lives as teens.
Popularity often outpaces scholarship and quality in biomedical ethics.
Popularization is a degradation
Popularization means that average user competence is halved with each doubling of population.
A populated area is a geographical area
Populated areas are most vulnerable to damage and loss through natural disasters.
All populated areas have municipal wastewater treatment systems, which produce sewage sludge.
Population biologists build models of how evolutionary change occurs.
Population biologists study the properties of groups of organisms.
Population biology yields insight.
Population bottleneck is when an environmental event causes a drastic decrease in a population.
Population centers are squares.
Population centers send out their tentacles to bring in supplies from rural and natural areas.
Every population center has a family medical service.
Population change drives future community needs.
Population change is very uneven across rural and small-town America.
Population changes are part of the answer.
Population control can reduce conflicts by making sure that every nation has adequate resources.
Population control is a form of arms control.
Population control is a prime concern of many secular environmentalists.
Population control is an attempt to limit the growth in numbers of a population.
Population control is an essential part of the solution to the long-term food problem.
Population control is critical to the overall global environmental agenda.
Population control is needed.
Population control is social control
Population control is social control.
Population control is the only answer.
Population control is the only economic development program cheap enough to be feasible.
Population control means small families.
Population control presents ethical problems.
Population count is for entire village.
Population count is for that part of the village located within the county.
Population count is for the entire village located within the county.
Population counts are subject to possible correction for undercount or overcount.
Most population counts show that most densities are now well below that.
Population cycles are a strong component of the system.
Population cycles can maintain foraging polymorphism.
Most population cycles are about three to four years in duration.
Population decrease causes the appearance of more high-frequency variants.
Population densities affect the balance of the environment.
Population densities appear to be highly variable.
Population densities are high.
Population densities are higher than anywhere else in the world.
Population densities are highest along the East Coast, especially in the Northeast.
Population densities are highest in the east and south.
Population densities are largely unknown, but suspected to be stable.
Population densities are low and lifespan is about six years.
Population densities are low, even in the best habitat.
Population densities are low.
Population densities are the same in the protected part of the reef as they are on the fished part.
Population densities are typically small.
Population densities are variable.
Population densities depend to a large degree on the abundance of fruits with soft pulp.
Population densities display great disparity in New Guinea.
Population densities reflect subterranean burrow wall surface areas and burrow water volumes.
Population densities surrounding many national parks are some of the highest in Africa.
Population densities vary from one adult per six acres to more than five adults per acre.
Population densities vary from one area to another.
Population densities vary in any one locale.
Population density affects gametophyte growth.
Population density affects growth.
Population density affects sex ratio variation in red deer.
Population density appears to be higher nearshore.
Population density can cause shifts in strategy.
Population density depends foremost on prey availability.
Population density depends on the carrying capacity of the particular green.
Population density equals total persons divided by land area in square miles.
Population density is a particularly important factor in the spread of fish diseases.
Population density is affected by the level of competition and by population growth.
Population density is also important since overcrowding almost invariably leads to disease problems.
Population density is an important determinant of travel demand and mode choice.
Population density is analogous to the concept of concentration in chemistry.
Population density is another factor influencing per capita water use.
Population density is another problem.
Population density is closely related to the spread of certain diseases.
Population density is critically high.
Population density is determined from the number of individuals present per given area.
Population density is extremely high.
Population density is high in the southern part of the province but low in the north.
Population density is highest along the coast and decreases as one goes inland.
Population density is highly uneven.
Population density is illustrated with an overlay of a dot density map for visualization.
Population density is low and tends to be higher adjacent to streams.
Population density is low with uneven distribution.
Population density is midyear population divided by land area in square kilometers.
Population density is one person per square kilometer.
Population density is relatively high.
Population density is the average number of inhabitants per square mile of land area.
Population density is the average number of people in a place .
Population density is the average number of people in a place.
Population density is the average number of people per square mile or kilometer of land.
Population density is the measure of the number per unit area.
Population density is the number of animals per acre.
Population density is the number of individuals per unit area or volume.
Population density is the number of persons per square kilometer.
Population density is the second highest in Europe, after the Netherlands.
Population density is typically higher along rivers, leading to mass dislocation of urban centers.
Population density is usually low.
Population density is very high .
Population density is, as in most cities, inversely correlated with distance from the center.
Population density measures potential threats from coastal development and pollution.
Population density provides a useful means for comparing population distribution .
Population density refers to the number of people per unit of area.
Population density refers to the population size relative to some unit of space.
Population density represents a demographic State indicator.
Population density varies considerably by area.
Population density varies considerably.
Population density varies from places.
Population density varies from year to year.
Population density varies greatly, and home range appears to be large.
Most population density affects gametophyte growth.
Most population density affects growth.
Most population density varies from places.
Some population density varies from moles.
Population displacements help fuels the discontent that leads to fundamentalist terrorism.
Population distribution is increasingly skewed.
Population distribution is very uneven due to soil and terrain variations.
Population distribution means the spatially dispersed condition of the population .
Population distribution refers to how the people are spread across the land.
Population dynamics are among the primary underlying causes of forest decline.
Population dynamics are extremely sensitive to sudden changes in management.
Population dynamics is the study of population changes with time.
Population ecology considers both deterministic and stochastic models.
Population ecology consists of the dynamics and interactions occurring within a population.
Population ecology involves studying factors that affect population growth and survival.
Population ecology is a subdiscipline of ecology dealing with the growth and decline of populations.
Population ecology is the branch of ecology that studies the structure and dynamics of populations.
Population ecology is the most formalized area in biology.
Population estimates are available in electronic format.
Population estimates are subject to revision.
Population estimates can be preliminary, revised, or final, depending on the source data used.
Population Estimates contain updated figures for population, age, sex, and race data.
Population estimates given are for the number of nesting females in Florida.
Population estimates relate to persons with permanent residence in the Slovak Republic.
Population estimates vary.
All population estimates are in thousands.
Population exchange begins to occur.
Population expansion is very limited.
Population explosion is a main reason for unemployment.
Population explosion is a massive problem.
Population explosion is the crux of the problem.
Population explosion is unstoppable, short of radical biogenetik re-engineering.
Population explosions cause damage.
Population explosions follow periods of exceptionally good rains or floods.
Population explosions have effects.
Most population explosions cause damage.
Most population explosions have effects.
Some population explosions take places.
Population genetics provides evidence.
Population genetics relies on principles.
Population genomics reveal recent speciation and rapid evolutionary adaptation in polar bears.
Population geography starts with data that identifies population characteristics.
Population growth characteristics require harvest regulations.
Population growth characteristics require regulations.
Population growth affects bear habitats.
Population growth affects habitats.
Population growth affects political issues such as land use, water distribution, education and food.
Population growth becomes most rapid from booting onwards.
Population growth begins.
Population growth brings additional pollution which can lower water quality in the Rappahannock.
Population growth brings demands for more water.
Population growth brings increased demand.
Population growth causes the appearance of more low-frequency variants.
Population growth continues in most parts of rural Scotland, mainly fuelled by in-migration.
Population growth continues to be a problem in spite of recent declines in the birth rate.
Population growth continues to be rapid.
Population growth creates new economic opportunities and markets.
Population growth declines because of death rate increase, birth rate decrease or both.
Population growth depends on the rates of reproduction and mortality.
Population growth depends upon certain natural resources of which water is the most important.
Population growth drives urban sprawl which adversely affects our lives in a variety of ways.
Population growth exacerbates every environment and most social problems.
Population growth follows transportation improvements.
Population growth forces each tribe to disperse into the sugar lowlands between the mountains.
Population growth forces the people to move to the rainforest.
Population growth has consequences.
Population growth has long-term benefits, though added people are a burden in the short run.
Population growth has long-term benefits.
Population growth has momentum, like a truck.
Population growth has nothing to do with economic growth.
Population growth has social consequences.
Population growth impacts natural resources.
Population growth increases ability.
Population growth increases national geopolitical stresses both internally and externally.
Population growth increases the burden on sewage treatment plants.
Population growth increases the demand for automobile transportation.
Population growth is a big player here.
Population growth is a direct result of space available.
Population growth is a dominant factor affecting Chinese prospects for economic development.
Population growth is a dramatic illustration that piques people s interest.
Population growth is a factor that has an indirect affect on the destruction of the rain forest.
Population growth is a fairly recent phenomenon.
Population growth is a fundamental force underlying all others.
Population growth is a global problem and it has to be tackled on a global basis.
Population growth is a good example.
Population growth is a great unit to cross into math with.
Population growth is a major concern for many countries around the world.
Population growth is a major factor in road hazards and congestion.
Population growth is a major influence on the level of effort needed to achieve the strategy goals.
Population growth is a power function.
Population growth is a real problem.
Population growth is a serious problem on overcrowded Taiwan.
Population growth is a special focus of the site.
Population growth is about more than the environment, of course.
Population growth is also responsible for the loss of farmland all over the world.
Population growth is among a handful of underlying causes leading to biodiversity loss .
Population growth is an exponential curve.
Population growth is an important issue and deserves serious action.
Population growth is an increase
Population growth is an issue that people often don t like to talk about.
Population growth is anticipated to continue at significant rates.
Population growth is certainly one of the key problems facing developing countries.
Population growth is concentrated among adults in their thirties and forties, and the elderly.
Population growth is considered the most serious long-term problem for the environment.
Population growth is controlled by using cerebral transfer to create new androids.
Population growth is determined by each city's nutrient total.
Population growth is directly responsible for unsustainable demand for resources.
Population growth is dramatic.
Population growth is encouraged for greater profits in the expanding global economy.
Population growth is explosive in the Gulf, while government deficits and unemployment grow.
Population growth is faster than supplies.
Population growth is graphed in a side panel.
Population growth is highest among the poorest.
Population growth is increases.
Population growth is moderate due to very low fertility rates.
Population growth is most rapid in the economically underdeveloped arid and semi-arid regions.
Population growth is now the foe of both land and lifestyle.
Population growth is of great concern.
Population growth is one of the factors contributing to global warming.
Population growth is one of the leading contributors to environmental degradation around the world.
Population growth is our greatest triumph.
Population growth is out of control.
Population growth is part of the complex process of modernization and development.
Population growth is partly to blame, but the per capita figure rose, too.
Population growth is positive and young people prefer to go on living on the islands.
Population growth is quite rapid in Haiti.
Population growth is reduced by external migration.
Population growth is seen as one such threat.
Population growth is stagnant.
Population growth is still a crucial issue.
Population growth is the biggest problem.
Population growth is the driver, it is the multiplier, it is the accelerator.
Population growth is the first driving force of global change.
Population growth is the highest in the Arab world.
Population growth is the most important factor in the growth of domestic food demand.
Population growth is the most significant factor effecting urban sprawl in the Mid-Atlantic region.
Population growth is the most undiscussed problem on the planet.
Population growth is the other key factor leading to urban sprawl.
Population growth is the predominant cause of urban sprawl.
Population growth is the primary driving force extending and intensifying environmental degradation.
Population growth is the result of the plunging death rate and increasing life expectancy worldwide.
Population growth is the single largest determinant of future food needs.
Population growth is too rapid.
Population growth is unchecked and encouraged.
Population growth is unsustainable.
Population growth is very fast.
Population growth keeps eating away at the available habitat.
Population growth leads to increased levels of resource depletion and population.
Population growth leads to increased levels of resource depletion.
Population growth makes that more difficult.
Population growth makes urban civilization possible.
Population growth makes waves in the distribution of pairwise differences.
Population growth makes waves in the distribution of pairwise genetic differences.
Population growth needs to be subdued with strong family planning programs.
Population growth occurs in two ways, births and immigration.
Population growth occurs in years.
Population growth pressures the forest area.
Population growth promises more thirsty people.
Population growth reaches plateaus.
Population growth reflects food constraints, disease and parental preferences.
Population growth remains steady, fueled in part by newcomers attracted to new jobs.
Population growth remains the driving force for growth in world rice consumption.
Population growth seems to be outstripping the capacity for indigenous development.
Population growth slows down year after year.
Population growth taxes the earth's natural systems.
Population growth tends to overwhelm any possible gains made in improving the human condition.
Population growth threatens the region's green and blue spaces.
Population growth translates into more children participating in athletics.
Population growth verses the diminishing land parcel.
Most population growth affects bear habitats.
Most population growth affects habitats.
Most population growth has consequences.
Most population growth has social consequences.
Most population growth increases ability.
Most population growth is in the developing countries of Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
Most population growth occurs in years.
Most population growth reaches plateaus.
Some population growth depends on functions.
Some population growth depends on intensity.
Some population growth impedes development.
Some population growth impedes economic development.
Some population growth impedes sustainable development.
Some population growth impedes sustainable economic development.
Some population growth involves interaction.
Some population growth leads to degradations.
Some population growth leads to depletion.
Some population growth occurs in summer.
Some population growth takes places.
Population health is a set of policy initiatives removed from the broader field of health promotion.
Population health makes economic sense.
Population increase demands more land be turned to development.
Population increase is a good reason to harvest the bin every four to six months.
Population increase is a major force driving annual retail sales increases.
Population increase is merely the difference between births and deaths.
Population increase is the most obvious block to an anti-growth movement.
Population increase is, simply put, a function of the discrepancy between births and deaths.
Population increase requires an increase in food supply.
Population increase urges new map, new communities.
Population increases are a major concern for a number of Asian nations.
Population increases are truly stark and overwhelming.
Population increases provide the basis for slow growth.
Population inversion occurs, and amplification results.
Population models are almost always nonlinear.
Population models can be deterministic or stochastic.
All population models are like yesterday's newspaper.
Some population models are highly idealized representations.
Population momentum expresses population aging.
Population momentum is shown to be the main cause of future growth in most countries and regions.
Population momentum is similar to that.
Population momentum is the critical issue.
Populations of animals interact with each other and their environment in a variety of ways.
Populations of birds find vital refuges for their migration and reproduction.
Populations of species have a gene pool a.
Population pressure mays have adverse effects.
Population pressure mays have effects.
Population problems lie at the root of many environmental issues.
Population projections are estimates of the population for future dates.
Population Projections Get the projections for individual counties or for Texas.
Population projections show increased crowding in the district's northwest corridor.
Population pyramids are illustrations of what is happening in a community.
Population pyramids show the general shape of a population's age structure.
Population pyramids show the relative size of each age and sex category.
Population reduction is considered vital to conserveresources.
Population size appears stable.
Population size appears to be a significant correlate of the age of gang members.
Population size decreases due to human effect or a natural disaster.
Population size depends on factors including competition, predation and human influences.
Population size does play an important role in wildlife management.
Population size fluctuates.
Population size has no bearing on that amount of genetic variation found within a population.
Population size is a function of natality and mortality.
Population size is an important choice in the construction of a genetic algorithm.
Population size is dependent upon food supply.
Population size is limited by competition for scarce resources.
Population size is reduced.
Population size is the predictor of extinction probability.
Population size is the same, but allele frequencies change.
Population size ranges from a few dozen plants at one site to thousands of individuals at two sites.
Population size varies widely depending on locale.
Population sizes can dive and soar dramatically, sometimes without apparent cause.
Population sizes remain stable.
Some population size affects effectiveness.
Population stabilization is a challenge of epic proportions.
Population stabilization is necessary for sustainability.
Population stabilization is overdue.
Population statistics are from ABS, and are the latest available.
Population statistics are of particular importance.
Population statistics can help a communicator peer into the future.
Population statistics show a decreasing number of adults with children in schools.
Population stratifications can cause false positive linkage results if founders are untyped.
Population structure is the size and geographical distribution of a population.
Population studies are an important aspect of the study of ecology.
Population studies have a long tradition in Sweden.
Population studies involve the tracking of disease across large numbers of people.
Population studies predict a major increase in high school graduates by then.
Population studies shed light on the impact of diet on cholesterol metabolism.
Population studies show a strong relationship between cancer risk and fat intake.
Population study investigates the change of species in time and space.
Population transfer is a precondition for peace negotiations with any Arab country.
Population trends are an integral part of our common future.
Population trends are generally stable or increasing.
Population trends are listed as stable.
Population trends are unknown, but suspected to be stable.
Population trends are very difficult to assess.
Population trends complicate the problem.
Population trends do much to explain the newfound concern.
Population trends parallel the recent history of Mediterranean cities.
Population Trends Take a look at population growth over time.
Population trends vary for furbearers.
Population viability analyses with demographically and spatially structured models.
More population viability analyses.
A population is a people
Population affects the planetary ecology.
Population ageing represents a triumph of social development and public health.
Population aging affects economic decisions and public policies.
Population aging bring on new challenges in community planning and social policy.
Population aging creates new business and career opportunities.
Population aging occurs at the start of each year.
Population aging refers to steady increases in the number and proportion of older people in society.
Population alone contributes to the global warming.
Population also includes patients with organ rejection and left ventricular assist devices.
Population also means votes and that in turn draws politicians who determine budgets.
Population approaches carrying capacity .
Population attends churches to pray for protection from hurricanes.
Population can also be the source of many problems like starvation and lack of housing.
Population can further increase unless sensible people take measures to control it.
Population changes due to randomness.
Population changes in boreal forest birds in Saskatchewan and Manitoba.
Population changes in carnivores in some coyote-control areas.
Population changes in common prairie pothole carnivores.
Population changes in New England seabirds.
Population changes in North American peregrines.
Population changes in the Dominican Republic .
Population changes in the Dominican Republic.
Population changes No significant changes.
Population changes without effect, per se, on school population changes.
Population Clocks Up to the second information on U.S. and world population figures.
Population coding exists in other areas as well.
Population comes from migration into towns.
Population consists of both sexes and a wide range of ethnic and cultural backgrounds.
Population continues to be a problem.
Population continues to be one of the most important issues facing society.
Population continues to grow, but the percentage rate of increase declines.
Population continues to grow.
Population continues to increase, mainly due to domestic and international immigration.
Population continues to soar.
Population crashes in high density populations are so devastating that extinction becomes probable.
Population Creates a new Population with the size indicated in the field left to the button.
Population decides who receives funding.
Population declines and range contractions among farmland birds in Britain.
Population declines and range contractions among lowland farmland birds in Britain.
Population declines in migratory birds in eastern North America.
Population declines in North American birds that migrate to the neo-tropics.
Population declines in North American birds that migrate to the neotropics.
Population declines in the snowshoe hare and the role of stress.
Population declines North American birds that migrate to the tropics.
Population decreases to the south and east.
Population densityis the number of individuals in some specified area of habitat.
Population determines the class.
Population determines the demand for transportation services and facilities.
Population Do a map showing the location of the main cities.
Population drops like the temperature during the Austral winter.
Population estimate using acoustic methods .
Population estimates base.
Population estimates by, area, density and administrative regions.
Population Estimates Current and historical population data for all NH municipalities.
Population estimates for all Wisconsin towns, villages, and cities.
Population estimates for major metropolitan areas . .
Population estimates for the species are very preliminary.
Population estimates for the waning years of the Pacific sardine fishery.
Population estimates with remote sensing techniques .
Population evolve to recycle the food which is rare in the environment.
Population exposures to metals in the environment.
Population flowering intensity is the average percentage flowering of all the trees.
Population focuses on evolution within populations.
Population generally begins to rebuild after the long bleeding of the wars.
Population generates the pressure to support growth of population.
Population goes up faster.
Population grows and craft skills develop.
Population grows at various rates under various conditions.
Population grows exponentially.
Population grows in increasing amounts, but food production only increases in constant amounts.
Population grows rapidly, but as it does so, Food decreases.
Population grows when there is a positive rate of natural increase.
Population has a big effect on the amount of waste accumulated in a year.
Population has a cold.
Population has a direct impact on the way legislative districts are drawn.
Population has a diversity of elements, defined via some parameters or vectors.
Population has a momentum.
Population has to be looked at, but it is deceivingly simple.
Population includes all members of a species living in the same place at the same time.
Population Includes facts about people, demographic characteristics, and population information.
Population increase ii.
Population increases at a known rate.
Population increases geometrically while food supply increases arithmetically.
Population increases past k.
Population increases slowly, wealth rapidly. . . .
Population increases that exceed growth rates compound the problems of most African countries.
Population influences food consumption and resource production.
Population is a consideration also.
Population is a factor.
Population is a group of organisms of same species.
Population is a key variable in the study of global environmental change.
Population is a political problem.
Population is a small collection of cartography symbols.
Population is a symmorphological and a symphysiological unit.
Population is a widely watched science statistic, all for a better world and a peaceful world.
Population is about four million people.
Population is almost always a factor.
Population is also a factor.
Population is also a problem.
Population is always density dependent.
Population is always part of the equation.
Population is an entire set of subjects, objects, events, or elements being studied.
Population is an example of a near steady state.
Population is an example.
Population is an exponential function.
Population is an important factor in the demand for food.
Population is any group of organism that coexist at the same time in the same place.
Population is approx.
Population is both inpatient and outpatient.
Population is calculated using full time equivalent students, faculty and staff.
Population is calculated using full time equivelent students, faculty and staff.
Population is calculated using full time quivelent students, faculty and staff.
Population is calculated using full-time equivalent of students, faculty, and staff.
Population is centered in Trenton and surrounding areas.
Population is close to a thousand people.
Population is composed primarily of retired persons.
Population is concentrated in coastal areas.
Population is concentrated in the highland and valley regions.
Population is defined as all living persons in a geographic area.
Population is defined as all living persons in a given area.
Population is defined as all living persons.
Population is dominated by turtles, snakes, and alligators.
Population is for Oregon state only.
Population is for that portion of the city within the Sabine River basin.
Population is growing fastest in western Ecuador, the Tropical Andes and Madagascar, it states.
Population is in decline.
Population is just part of the reason.
Population is limited by a fixed number of nest holes.
Population is listed as stable.
Population is Louisville's main cause of overcrowdedness.
Population is low and dispersed.
Population is measured at midyear, whereas income is measured as a flow over the year.
Population is mixed, primarily men, both homo and heterosexual with some female attendance.
Population is more sparse to the south and east.
Population is more than a small sized European country.
Population is more than one and half a million.
Population is nearly seven million people.
Population is nested within landscape type.
Population is no threat to progress.
Population is of vital importance.
Population is on the rise.
Population is one factor in a formula.
Population is one of the problems in the world contribution to non-sustainabilty.
Population is only one example.
Population is only one way markets grow.
Population is our number one problem.
Population is personal.
Population is power.
Population is primarily heterosexual men, some women do attend.
Population is primarily Hispanic.
Population is primarily lower socioeconomic strata and African-American.
Population is quite sparse, and relatively little land has been cleared for agriculture.
Population is real capital, which can be used to develop the economy.
Population is sparse within one mile of the site.
Population is stagnant in some others, even decreasing in a few others.
Population is supported by clean air, pure water, and intact ecosystems.
Population is the basic, primal, major threat to wilderness.
Population is the constitutional currency in the competition among the states for political power.
Population is the core issue.
Population is the dependent variable, technology the independent variable.
Population is the first meter.
Population is the leading cause of environmental degradation.
Population is the number of a certain type of organism in a given community.
Population is the number of individuals in a population.
Population is the number of organisms of a species in a given area.
Population is the number of people.
Population is the percentage of the total population in that community.
Population is the root cause of most of our environment problems, including sprawl.
Population is therefore the measure of success or failure in the game.
Population is transient and often difficult to follow-up.
Population is under control.
Population is undetermined in the park.
Population is unstable and decreasing.
Population is up, immigration is up and employment is up.
Population is up.
Population is Vulnerable.
Population isa people.
Population lists our population-based and cohort studies.
Population lives basically in the coast of the country and Lima.
Population looks healthy.
Population makes up all human groups and is the bedrock of society.
Population mean is a parameter.
Population mean is m , population proportion is p , and the population standard deviation is s .
Population mean is mu, sample mean is X bar.
Population mean, standard deviation.
Population means power, as well as money.
Population migrates around the region.
Population mix Wellington City's population is transient compared with other parts of the country.
Population needs to be educated about the importance of preventive services.
Population needs to be stabilised for sustainable development.
Population now increases faster than many vital renewable and non-renewable resources.
Population officially passes one billion.
Population outstrips food supply leading to war, famine, poverty and disease.
Population passes two million.
Population reaches three million.
Population reaches two million.
Population refers to the larger group from which the sample is taken.
Population refers to the resident population of Lithuania.
Population Reports tries to serve the functions listed below.
Population requires education and information to change pattern of disaster and response.
Population responses to landscape framentation.
Population responses to patchy environments.
Population rises to the level of technology and then is limited by it.
Population rises until it peaks and exhausts winter food.
Population rises when the demand for labor, and living standards rise, and vice versa.
Population see population of interest.
Population seems to be stable at the moment.
Population shapes political systems and helps determine economic vitality.
Population sizes from half to four times the number of cities chosen seem to work well.
Population soon crash because of predation, disease and food shortages.
Population stats etc.
Population structur e and genetic variation in red drum.
Population tends to be strongly clustered, even in rural areas.
Population therefore increases.
Population translates to potential fan base.
Population trends Another striking change is in the distribution of homes.
Population trends around nuclear power plants.
Population trends No new information.
Population varies endogenously according to the theory of demographic transition.
Population wears some sort of corrective lenses.
Populations affected by repayment of debt have a right to be heard in negotiations on payments.
Populations also build up in irrigated soil.
Populations also differ remarkably in their social and mating patterns.
Populations also exist in southeast Arizona and extend south to Nicaragua.
Populations also exist stretching down along Africa's Atlantic coast.
Populations also occur in the eastern and northwestern coastal areas as well.
Populations also occur in the Lake Erie drainage.
Populations also occur in the southeastern United States and Cuba.
Populations also suffer from illegal collection as pets.
Populations apparently develop more rapidly and cause more injury on heavily fertilized grass.
Populations appear to be decreasing in many countries.
Populations appear to be stable or decreasing from most reports.
Populations appear to persist year after year as long as the habitat remains intact.
Populations appear to tolerate different soil types.
Populations are about the same.
Populations are adaptable to many environmental conditions.
Populations are always diverse.
Populations are assumed to be closed within each secondary period.
Populations are at an all-time high.
Populations are at or above threshold in many fields, and some fields have already been treated.
Populations are at their highest point during early Spring.
Populations are capable of explosive growth.
Populations are certainly comparable to more renowned areas to the east.
Populations are collections.
Populations are colonization.
Populations are denser close to continental shelves and canyons.
Populations are depleted by over-hunting and habitat destruction.
Populations are dynamic with identifiable characteristics and measurable growth patterns.
Populations are especially a problem in the fall, when newly-planted winter vegetables are emerging.
Populations are established in several Missouri counties.
Populations are fairly constant in size.
Populations are found in eastern, southwestern, and western Africa.
Populations are found in northwest India, the Middle East, the western Mediterranean, and Africa.
Populations are generally highest in summer and early fall.
Populations are greatest in mid- to late summer as the second generation bugs appear.
Populations are group according to their resistance to pyrethroids and organophosphates.
Populations are groups of individuals of the same species that occupy a given area at the same time.
Populations are groups of individuals of the same species.
Populations are groups of organisms of the same species living in the same area at the same time.
Populations are groups.
Populations are healthlist if kept within an upper and lower limit.
Populations are healthy, although there is no management plan to prevent future overfishing.
Populations are highest after egg-laying is completed, when the wheat is flowering.
Populations are highest during the spring and summer months and decline during fall and winter.
Populations are highest from early spring to early summer, with a second peak in the fall.
Populations are highest in driest areas along roadways and field margins.
Populations are highest in the summer and lowest in the winter.
Populations are in decline as individuals age, with infrequent evidence of seedling regeneration.
Populations are in decline, and the species is listed currently as threatened.
Populations are in very good shape throughout the state.
Populations are integers.
Populations are isolated because they breed at different times.
Populations are isolated because they breed in different habitats.
Populations are known to fluctuate as drastically as with snowshoe hare.
Populations are large groups of individuals.
Populations are located in cities.
Populations are located in countries.
Populations are low and scattered.
Populations are lower and development times are much longer under such conditions.
Populations are made of different people.
Populations are made up of organisms that belong to many different species.
Populations are most severe in spring and early fall.
Populations are never static.
Populations are now very high in Kent County and western Sussex County.
Populations are often very transient at any particular site.
Populations are often worst in drought years.
Populations are on the increase.
Populations are only so big.
Populations are out of control and each ecosystem is unquestionably headed for disaster.
Populations are part of the communities that make up ecosystems.
Populations are people.
Populations are polymorphic for both traits.
Populations are relatively sedentary in certain areas, but are highly mobile in others.
Populations are small and easily accessible.
Populations are small but stable in protected parks.
Populations are small, isolated and typically in remote, rugged terrain.
Populations are so small that collectors are having serious impact on the plants.
Populations are stable or increasing.
Populations are stable, and all four species are currently secure.
Populations are stale in another six countries with the trends unknown in a further eight.
Populations are still largely illiterate and susceptible to persuasion.
Populations are the basic components of the ecosystem structure.
Populations are the group about which predictions are made.
Populations are the highest and most extensive seen so far.
Populations are the sub-units of species.
Populations are transient, relatively dense and constantly changing.
Populations are typically quite small and growth is triggered by the slightest rainfall.
Populations are used for consumption.
Populations are used for studies.
Populations are usually fairly constant is size.
Populations are usually greatest in the inner and upper parts of the canopy.
Populations are usually highest from midsummer to early fall.
Populations are usually highest in the inner and upper parts of the canopy.
Populations are usually highest on the second and third regrowth cycles.
Populations are usually light, but well dispersed.
Populations are usually the unit that is managed by biologists.
Populations are variable and much more common in wet years.
Populations are variable.
Populations are very large.
Populations are very low or non- existent in most areas.
Populations are widespread and dense and are likely inhibiting natural secondary succession.
Populations are widespread and generally found on rocky coastlines.
Populations become isolated due to inadequate habitat to migrate through.
Populations become very dense around and under wheat germ within a few days of adding fresh seeds.
Populations begin to build up in early spring.
Populations breeding in Texas and Mexico are resident.
Populations build rapidly soon after they begin to infest a field.
Populations build up as the fruit harvest season progresses.
Populations can adapt, however, to living in relatively small patches of undisturbed forest.
Populations can also decline to the point of extinction.
Populations can be active for up to three weeks.
Populations can be far from the species' main distribution.
Populations can be spotty, and in following years become more widespread in the orchard.
Populations can build rapidly, so check fields twice a week.
Populations can crash within a week's time.
Populations can decline in response to good rain with kultarrs preferring drier seasons.
Populations can die out where badly affected.
Populations can expand rapidly during periods of hot weather.
Populations can explode in a short time.
Populations can fluctuate wildly depending on the behavior of controlling factors.
Populations can follow one of many growth patterns.
Populations can grow very rapidly.
Populations can increase in size at a phenomenal rate.
Populations can increase rapidly as the winged forms spread the infestation throughout the orchard.
Populations can maintain genetic diversity through migration .
Populations can number in the hundreds of basidiomata.
Populations can reach limits to growth.
Populations can reach the limits to growth.
Populations can reach up to a million and a half cicadas per acre.
Populations can respond dramatically to changing habitats, and each specimen tells a story.
Populations can therefore explode in a short period of time.
Populations can undergo evolutionary adaptation.
Populations can vary from year to year depending on fluctuations of spruce budworms.
Populations change annually with changes in environmental conditions and habitat manipulations.
Populations change so quickly that an exact census is impossible.
Populations change, interbreed, go away.
Populations climb, subside, and disappear into extinction at times.
Populations collapse due to starvation, predation and parasitism.
Populations collapse due to starvation, predation, and parasitism.
Populations comprise communities, with community structure, diversity, stability, and change.
Populations concentrate around existing root zones.
Populations consist entirely of female aphids giving live birth to female progeny.
Populations consist of N p configurations, each of which is a partitioning with a fractal code.
Populations contain genetic variation within themselves and between other populations.
Populations continue to be decimated by loss of habitat, poisoning and unregulated shooting.
Populations continue to decline as habitat is lost and the trade in sea turtle products continues.
Populations continue to decline due to the skin trade, human encroachment,and loss of habitat.
Populations continue to decline throughout the fish's range.
Populations continue to expand, and meat is growing more popular.
Populations continue to grow rapidly.
Populations continue to grow.
Populations covered include kids, men, perinatal women and older adults.
Populations cycle up and down, possibly due to the action of parasites.
Populations decline as surrounding vegetation begins to compete with the aster.
Populations decline in areas under development by humans.
Populations decline in the winter when soils freeze.
Populations decline in winter.
Populations decline rapidly when overgrown by shrubs and taller plants.
Populations decline shortly after petal fall, as the bugs are attracted to other hosts.
Populations decrease in all three community types at later stages.
Populations Describes a single population.
Populations differ in the prevalence of tool use for fishing for invertebrates.
Populations differ in their stability.
Populations display distinctive behaviors based on their size.
Populations eat fish.
Populations elsewhere are stable or undergoing increases.
Populations eventually become to large for the coastal zones to handle.
Populations evolve and adapt through natural selection.
Populations evolve, whereas individuals are selected.
Populations explode, straining infrastructure and social services.
Populations extend as far west as eastern Texas and Oklahoma.
Populations extend down to central Mexico.
Populations flourish during cool seasons, particularly spring, early summer, and late fall.
Populations fluctuate due to food availability and strife within packs.
Populations fluctuate regularly with prey abundance.
Populations fluctuate with abundance of spruce budworms, but overall appear stable.
Populations fluctuate, but generally are highest in sagebrush, bitterbrush, and low sage habitats.
Populations gain individuals through births and emigration.
Populations generally consist of a few unrelated males and many closely related females.
Populations generally develop in grassy areas before moving into rice.
Populations generally peak in fall.
Populations generally vary with soil and food conditions.
Populations given are rough estimates.
Populations go up and hospitals close.
Populations gradually change through time in genotype and phenotype.
Populations greatly increase around oak stands.
Populations grow according to the number of individuals that are capable of reproduction.
Populations grow because people have babies.
Populations grow exponentially unless certain factors limit their growth.
Populations grow exponentially.
Populations grow more slowly if people wait to have their children.
Populations grow much the same way that money does in a savings account.
Populations grow quickly in optimal conditions.
Populations grow rapidly in the semi-arid regions with irrigation, but less so in the tropics.
Populations grow when births and immigration exceed deaths and emigration.
Populations have a maximum potential for growth called the biotic potential .
Populations have a number of characteristics that are of interest to ecologists.
Populations have complex system cycles.
Populations have higher heterozygosity when predicted by the classical model.
Populations have limited distributions.
Populations have the potential to grow very rapidly, in what is called a geometric progression.
Populations have the potential to increase exponentially.
Populations have the reproduction potential to increase at an exponential rate.
Populations have their own distinct characteristics apart from any one individual of the population.
Populations however remain low.
Populations increase and damage is more severe in spring and fall.
Populations increase by birth rate and by influx.
Populations increase during periods of relatively high humidity and decline in dry periods.
Populations increase in warm, dry weather.
Populations increase to great abundance and then suddenly decline for unknown reasons.
Populations interact to form a dynamic community of living organisms within the ecosystem.
Populations likely fluctuate with cyclic populations of voles, their primary food source in Alaska.
Populations make up a community.
Populations make up species, which make up communities.
Populations migrate on neutral networks by a diffusion-like mechanism.
Populations migrate towards the poles, into cooler waters, in the summer to feed.
Populations move around.
Populations move between adaptive peaks.
Populations multiply while the environment is gradually destroyed.
Populations never produce more young than can survive.
Populations normally develop in areas of recent logging operations.
Populations occur chiefly in disturbed areas where it feeds mainly on several species of weeds.
Populations occur in a wide range of salinities.
Populations occur in patches at low to mid elevations.
Populations occur in very sparsely vegetated, shallow soiled areas.
Populations optimize through adaptive walks.
Populations peak at mid-summer.
Populations peak during late summer and fall.
Populations peak every two to fi ve years and then decline sharply before building up again.
Populations peak in late summer and results of their feeding can make plants unsightly.
Populations peak in the winter.
Populations produce more offspring than their environment can support.
Populations range across a wide area of northern Argentina, southern Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Populations rapidly decrease with the first cold weather.
Populations reach from as far north as Alaska to as far South as California.
Populations rely on one another to keep each other alive and stable.
Populations remain low for a few years until some unknown factors trigger the next out- break.
Populations remain near or at the carrying capacity for ahabitat.
Populations remain relatively young in most of Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East.
Populations remain small.
Populations represent Jewish populations.
Populations reproduce faster than their food supply.
Populations reproduce in greater number than the resources can support.
Populations respond to the pressures caused by natural increase in a variety of ways.
Populations rise and fall by natural cycles.
Populations rise and fall, species become extinct, new ones arise.
Populations seem steady in Maine.
Populations seem to be impacted by road density.
Populations seem to be in decline in Europe also.
Populations seem to be migrating northwards.
Populations seem to be stable, however.
Populations served by counseling psychologists include persons of all ages and cultural backgrounds.
Populations show greatest reproduction and recruitment levels in years following good food crops.
Populations spend much of their time nestled in the muddy floor of shallow ocean waters.
Populations stay stable for long periods of time, interrupted by brief periods of rapid change.
Populations still remain at low levels.
Populations swell when food sources are abundant.
Populations tend to be heaviest in spring and early summer.
Populations tend to be higher in weedy or wet fields.
Populations tend to be most abundant where their genome allows the optimization of energy profits.
Populations tend to build-up over the years, as a planting ages.
Populations tend to evolve continuously as a reaction to environmental conditions.
Populations tend to fare better in certain environments.
Populations tend to grow faster than does the supply of food.
Populations tend to have a maximum density near the center of their geographic range.
Populations tend to produce more individuals than the environment can support.
Populations tend to produce more offspring than the carrying capacity of the environment.
Populations tend to remain stable in size, except for seasonal fluctuations.
Populations thrive in moist climates and damp soils.
Populations typically produce more offspring than can survive and reproduce successfully.
Populations Use the form below to send a question or comment to course faculty.
Populations vary considerably between locations and from year to year.
Populations vary considerably from location to location and year to year.
Populations vary for each species.
Populations vary from year to year, sometimes worse after wet summers.
Populations vary in the types of individuals and their reproductive success.
Populations vary in their capacity to grow.
Populations vary, but occasionally bagworms become extremely abundant, alarming homeowners.
Populations often build in spring melons and migrate to cotton.
Populations often build when beneficials are reduced.
Populations often contain high levels of genetic polymorphism for resistance to pathogens.
Populations often contain vast amounts of genetic polymorphism for resistance to pathogens.
Populations often occur initially around field margins, and feeding is largely confined to foliage.
Populations sometimes explode during warm, moist conditions.
Populations usually are lowest at planting and greatest at crop maturity.
Populations usually peak shortly after topping, then decline.
All populations are equal, but some populations are more equal than others.
All populations are heterogeneous and are built in some sense in opposition to other groups.
All populations are migratory, even where the species occurs year-round.
All populations are pooled for each interval.
All populations consist of doubled haploid progeny plants.
All populations have the potential to increase in size.
All populations have the same variance.
All populations increasingly are at risk.
All populations live in coastal forests or scrublands, with loose soils easy to dig.
All populations migrate, making long flights broken up by long stopovers in staging areas.
All populations present in fresh water environments show similar phenotypic traits.
All populations produce more offspring than what is necessary for replacement.
All populations sampled are reported to have received few if any translocated animals.
All populations stabilize, even though some lose large numbers of their initial population.
All populations support hemoglobin traits with varying frequencies.
Any population growing exponentially has a fixed doubling time .
Any population has the potential to produce more offspring than the environment can support.
Any population includes individuals of all qualities, shapes, sizes and genetic makeup.
Every population contains considerable variation at the level of the gene.
Every population has certain genetic traits which are very common in their particular group or race.
Every population has people who are missed.
Every population has the right to demonstrate, it is a democratic right.
Every population is linked, directly or indirectly, with many others in an ecosystem.
Many populations also occur on the surrounding islands.
Many populations are in potentially serious decline.
Many populations have overlapping generations where individuals of more than one generation coexist.
Many populations live in protected areas.
Many populations migrate or decline in response to blocked upwelling which alters food webs.
Many populations now appear to be comprised solely of old adults, and very few sizable dens remain.
Many populations start from a small number of founders.
Many populations tend to be declining throughout the world.
More population also means more waste.
More population means more household pets.
More population means that ever more eccentric tastes can be profitable to satisfy.
Most populations are migratory and winter regularly in both temperate and tropical latitudes.
Most populations are polymorphic for most phenotypic traits, from fur color to blood type.
Most populations are small and most reproduction probably is asexual from rhizomes.
Most populations are small and reproduction appears to be mostly asexual within clonal tufts.
Most populations are small, fragmented, and threatened or endangered.
Most populations are small, isolated, and coexist with introduced fauna.
Most populations are stable in size.
Most populations are stable.
Most populations are supported solely by hatchery released individuals.
Most populations become pelagic in the summer months.
Most populations blend in with their substrate so there is a large amount of geographic variation.
Most populations breed throughout the year.
Most populations eat fish.
Most populations have extensive genetic variation.
Most populations have seasonal shifts in range.
Most populations live under ideal conditions, so they grow at exponential rates.
Some population counters on the Internet say it happened last month.
Some population segments with high suicide rates.
Some populations also exist in brackish conditions.
Some populations also use trees or other hard surfaces as anvils in order to crack mollusks .
Some populations also use trees or other hard surfaces as anvils in order to crack mollusks.
Some populations appear to be long-distance migrants.
Some populations are also very fragrant.
Some populations are anadromous, and others spend their entire lives in freshwater.
Some populations are at higher risk for certain preventable disorders than others.
Some populations are endangered, however many are healthy.
Some populations are in southern California.
Some populations are known to inhabit primarily savanna habitat.
Some populations are landlocked in lakes or large ponds due to human activities.
Some populations are large, but all are isolated on small patches of wetlands.
Some populations are migratory, and there is regional movement in wintering populations.
Some populations are more at risk than others.
Some populations are more high-energy cultures than others and respond more quickly.
Some populations are more successful than others and many go extinct.
Some populations are more threatened than others.
Some populations are only hypothetical.
Some populations are resident year-round.
Some populations are short-winged, although they can still fly and others in Europe are wingless.
Some populations are subject to wide variations in abundance.
Some populations are terribly difficult or expensive to reach by phone.
Some populations are too small to reproduce.
Some populations depend on squirrels.
Some populations display migratory behaviour, moving into warmer waters in the winter.
Some populations eat significant amounts of lichen and moss during winter.
Some populations exhibit a preference for less xeric north-facing slopes in prairie habitats.
Some populations go through repeated and regular periods of boom followed by bust.
Some populations have difficulty using biometric devices.
Some populations have little or no access to transportation to get to a study site.
Some populations have only one or two plants.
Some populations have triazine resistant biotypes.
Some populations have yellow-orange sides with a bright patch on the sides of the dorsal fin.
Some populations lack male plants, while others are able to reproduce sexually.
Some populations live at high densities while others live in uncrowned conditions.
Some populations live in estuaries where turbidity tends to be high.
Some populations make regular seasonal movements between areas of favorable food supplies.
Some populations migrate from deep to shallow waters in the summer.
Some populations migrate.
Some populations move poleward during the winter.
Some populations occur in streams within coniferous forests.
Some populations persist for a few years in orchard-vineyard habitats.
Some populations raise sheep.
Some populations reproduce only by mating, others only by fission, and some populations do both.
Some populations reproduce parthenogenetically all year on grasses.
Some populations seem to be year-round residents, while others are highly migratory.
Some populations suffer disproportionately from consequences of drug abuse.
Some populations suffer from fibropapilloma.
Some populations therefore switch from asexual fission to mating seasonally.
Some populations threaten manatees.
Some populations undertake extensive seasonal migrations.
Some populations use significant amounts of lichen and moss during winter.
Populations sizes tend to fluctuate naturally through time.
A populism is a doctrine
Populism becomes the policy.
Populism builds on resentment and anger against abusive power.
Populism can move to the left or right.
Populism comes at a price and part of that is living in recycled beer cans.
Populism cuts across the traditional labels of right, center and left.
Populism has no political agenda per se.
Populism implies a lack of leadership.
Populism is a bad thing.
Populism is a cornerstone of the state and is a form of the consciousness of national sovereignty.
Populism is expressed uniquely in different historical eras.
Populism is really nothing more than the appeal to the great majority of the people.
Populism is the social glue of Venezuelan politics.
Populism is their creed.
Populism means listening to the people and hearing what they have to say.
Populism meets the press as Venezuela's brash new president takes to the airwaves.
Populisms are doctrines.
All populist bills are basically just.
Populist conservatism is the true conservatism.
Populist democracy is premised upon the democratic restructure of government in Nigeria.
Populist leaders can be dynamic, even febrile.
Populist pragmatism is their governing doctrine.
A populist is an advocate
Populists agree, arguing that public funds have been used to rescue private gamblers.
Populo sites transmits the story of vicitimized population to visitors.
Populous states can have more than one district.
Por favor actualize os seus links.
Por favor atualize seus registros.
Por favor incluya su nombre completo, apellidos y nombre.
Por favor incluya su nombre y direccion.
Por favor llame a la oficina parroquial.
Por favor reenviar a todo el mundo.
Por favor utilize este formulario para comunicarse con nosotros.
Por favor utilize um browser que seja compativel.
Por favor venga a la oficina parroquial para inscribirse.
Porbeagle sharks are dark blue gray above with white on their lower sides and underbelly.
Porbeagle sharks are strong, fast swimmers that are capable of rapid acceleration.
A porbeagle is a mackerel shark
Porbeagles are among the few fishes that exhibit apparent play behavior.
Porbeagles are definitely a cooler water species.
Porbeagles are fish.
Porbeagles are never far behind.
Porbeagles eat mostly herring, mackerel and squid, small cod, hake and cusk.
Porbeagles have a torpedo-shaped body and two keels on the tail, making it an efficient swimmer.
Some porbeagles are present in the Gulf of Maine all year.
Porcaryotic cells divide by mitosis while eucaryotic cells divide by binary fission.
Porcelain dolls are also well catered for.
Porcelain dolls are among the most beautiful and enduring of all dolls.
Porcelain dolls are readily available as well.
Porcelain dolls are, indeed, good for the heart and soul and can be proudly displayed in any home.
All porcelain doll is available in any color.
Porcelain enamel finish.
Porcelain enamel majolica solid green finish.
Every porcelain heart is handmade.
Porcelain tile has a long life cycle that results in fewer replacements and reduced waste.
Porcelain tile is also frost-proof, so it can be used in swimming pools and fountains.
Porcelain tile is very popular and great for high traffic areas.
Porcelain tile is virtually impervious to stains and wear.
Porcelain tiles have excellent chemical resistance.
Porcelain veneers are a proven excellent treatment to treat even the most discolored teeth.
Porcelain veneers are an excellent alternative to crowns in many situations.
Porcelain veneers are another way to whiten teeth.
Porcelain veneers are the most recent application of the art and science of cosmetic dental bonding.
Porcelain veneers are thin shells of porcelain that are bonded on to the existing teeth.
Porcelain veneers are ultra-thin shells of ceramic material, which are bonded to the front of e.
Porcelain veneers are ultra-thin shells of ceramic material, which are bonded to the front of teeth.
Porcelain veneers are ultra-thin shells of ceramics, which are bonded to the front of teeth.
Porcelain veneers can vary greatly in cost.
Porcelain veneers require more than one visit because they are fabricated in a laboratory.
Porcelain veneers resist staining.
Porcelain veneers transform irregularly shaped or chipped teeth into an attractive, beautiful smile.
Porcelain becomes translucent when it is kiln fired at very high temperatures.
Porcelain conjures images of a highly refined classical form.
Porcelain has (part) sections.
Porcelain has attractive light blue flowers with blue-gray foliage.
Porcelain has great crushing strength but poor tensile strength.
Porcelain is a classic doll medium, and it's still used a lot.
Porcelain is a different material.
Porcelain is a non-porous material that can withstand fluctuations in temperature.
Porcelain is a specialty in the Czech Republic.
Porcelain is a white, translucent ceramic product.
Porcelain is also very smooth, and thus easy to clean.
Porcelain is an extremely durable highly fired pure white clay.
Porcelain is an utensil
Porcelain is baked from a highly purified form of white clay called kaolin.
Porcelain is best, because it is very hard.
Porcelain is ceramic.
Porcelain is characterized by a translucent and vitrified quality and fired to a high temperature.
Porcelain is clay heated at very high temperatures so that it turns glass like.
Porcelain is difficult to create except in thinnish walls.
Porcelain is dishwasher and microwave safe.
Porcelain is easier to clean and less likely to rust.
Porcelain is fused glass that is essentially insoluble.
Porcelain is harder than a rock and far more durable than conventional ceramic tile.
Porcelain is in very good condition, with no chips or cracks.
Porcelain is made of very fine white clay, from south China's porcelain stone deposits.
Porcelain is off-white or ivory.
Porcelain is perfect for embellishment by use of feature strips.
Porcelain is pottery.
Porcelain is pure white with a greenish yellow glaze.
Porcelain is really glass.
Porcelain is regarded as the most refined of all ceramic wares .
Porcelain is the best .
Porcelain is the most delicate type of pottery.
Porcelain is the most ideal material for the ink paste container.
Porcelain is translucent as opposed to pottery, which is opaque.
Porcelain is translucent when held up to a light.
Porcelain is used generically to refer to both china and bisque dolls.
Porcelain is very durable and lasts a lifetime.
Porcelain is very durable, scratch resistant, and non- porous.
Porcelain is white.
Porcelain isa utensil.
Porcelain produces a finer, lighter weight ceramic.
Porcelain provides an opaque look which even reflects light as a natural tooth.
Porcelain provides the most natural writing surface for dry-erase markers.
Porcelains are a cream colored chick when frist hatch.
Porcelains are generally strong tasting garlics with a few exceptions and store well, if grown well.
All porcelains contain aluminum oxide.
Many porcelains contain only a kaolin mix as their clay complement.
Some porcelain has expansion.
Porcelean family pulling a tree appears to be right at home in the snow.
Porch swings add to the ambience.
A porch is a structure
Porch can be on right end or left end.
Porch extends across front of house, pantry off kitchen, shed or hipped gable dormer in front.
Porch is dimensional.
Porch is good for storage although only opens one side.
Porch lights that home owners can turn off when they're away on vacation.
Porch overlooks pine groves and garden.
Porch overlooks private, sunny front yard.
Porch sitting can be a great equalizer, when servants are invited to joint the family conversations.
Porch sitting is encouraged.
Porch wraps around half of home, which is elevated with storage under.
Porches allow for discovery and for the testing of relationships.
Porches are a common addition.
Porches are available for our smoking friends.
Porches are in, and Roman and Greek columns are out, the almanac says.
Porches can be whatever they want to be.
Porches can encroach into the front setback.
Porches Check to see if the exterior walls are connected to the foundation properly.
Porches Click the picture for a full size view Screened in porch below a second story addition.
Porches extend across the front of the house and are supported by wide squat or battered columns.
Porches generally extend out from the sides of the house.
Porches have the distinct advantage of evolving to honor holidays and the change of seasons.
Porches hold the salvaged contents of homes.
Porches list to one side or the other.
Porches promise time for enjoyment and relaxation.
Porches protect both sides and the wrap around deck is perfect for entertaining family and friends.
Porches provide semi-private space to view activities of the street.
Porches provides modern overnight accommodations for up to four couples.
Porches rebuilt with new decks, wooden rails, and balusters.
Porches run the length of each building on both floors.
Porches signify interaction, which in turn signifies trust.
Porches surround the main floor with an abundance of rockers, sunshine and lemonade.
Porches surround the main floor with an abundance of rockers, sunshine, and lemonade.
Porchs are located in front yards.
Porchs are part of houses.
Porchs are structures.
All porches have hammocks.
Most porches are very simple in design and detail.
Some porches accumulate dangerously slippery mold during the rainy season.
Some porches have plain posts and minimal ornamentation.
Porcine insulin has one different amino acid and bovine insulin has three different amino acids.
Porcine insulin is especially close to the human version .
Porcine insulin is especially close to the human version.
Porcine pride is now fashionable in Cincinnati.
Porcine somatotropin decreases acetyl-CoA carboxylase gene expression in porcine adipose tissue.
Porcupine babies are born fully developed, with eyes open and a full coat of quills.
Porcupine babies look like miniature adults when they're born.
Porcupine control is done in one of two ways.
Porcupine diets vary with the seasons and differing habitats.
A porcupine fish is a bony fish
Porcupine fish are relatively slow fish.
Porcupine fishes have strange looking fishes.
Porcupine pufferfish are usually solitary and are only seen in pairs or small groups when mating.
Porcupine quills can be extraordinarily painful.
Porcupine quills have microscopic barbs on the tip.
Porcupine quills have properties.
Porcupine quills have to be collected, dyed, and sorted.
Porcupine quills pierce flesh.
Porcupine quills pierce pig flesh.
Porcupine quills traveling under force of ejection can penetrate the toughest garb and gloves.
Porcupine tree can be very complex, but also very subdued when minimalism is required.
A porcupine is a mammal
Porcupine are present in low numbers.
Porcupine isa rodent.
Porcupine teaches strength and kindness and faith and trust and ushers in imagination and joy.
Porcupines adapt to environments.
Porcupines also consume the bark of the tree and can girdle the upper stem.
Porcupines also feed on shed antlers and the bones of dead animals to obtain sodium.
Porcupines also feed on the inner bark, and live in the aspen's branches.
Porcupines are a liability for businesses, golf courses and restaurants.
Porcupines are a mostly nocturnal animal that is common in our area of Alberta, Canada.
Porcupines are active all winter.
Porcupines are also excellent swimmers.
Porcupines are also interested in hikers' garbage.
Porcupines are amazing climbers.
Porcupines are among the most distinctive of all rodents.
Porcupines are apparently immune.
Porcupines are big plant eaters.
Porcupines are common in the subalpine forests throughout the park.
Porcupines are deadly.
Porcupines are difficult to lure to traps.
Porcupines are edible and have been used by humans as emergency food.
Porcupines are edible and, many claim, delicious.
Porcupines are especially fond of white pine needles.
Porcupines are found throughout most of the forested areas of the state.
Porcupines are found throughout South Dakota wherever there is adequate habitat .
Porcupines are generalist herbivores.
Porcupines are generally solitary animals, and are strongly attached to a territory.
Porcupines are herbivores, and are nocturnal, so they forage at night.
Porcupines are in the rodent family.
Porcupines are known for eating twigs, tree bark, leaves and herbaceous plants.
Porcupines are large rodents.
Porcupines are mainly active at night.
Porcupines are mainly nocturnal, although they can occasionally be seen during the day.
Porcupines are mobile and continually reinvade control areas.
Porcupines are most active during the night.
Porcupines are most happy in forested areas no matter where they live.
Porcupines are mostly nocturnal, butmaybe observed during the day either on the ground or in trees.
Porcupines are nocturnal herbivores, which means that they eat plants during the night.
Porcupines are nocturnal, which means they are active primarily at night.
Porcupines are nocturnal, which means they are actively primarily at night.
Porcupines are nocturnal, which means they are busy and awake during the night.
Porcupines are primarily nocturnal, but sometimes they do venture out in daylight.
Porcupines are rodents.
Porcupines are rodents.
Porcupines are slow moving and rather stupid.
Porcupines are slow-footed, and stocky animals.
Porcupines are smart and can become bait shy.
Porcupines are solitary in summer.
Porcupines are spiky and relatively large rodents that consume a high amount of plant matter.
Porcupines are strict vegetarians .
Porcupines are strict vegetarians.
Porcupines are the only mammal in North America to use quills to deter predators.
Porcupines are the second largest of Oklahoma s rodents, with only the beaver being larger.
Porcupines are the second largest rodent in Alaska, after the beaver.
Porcupines are the second largest rodent in South Dakota.
Porcupines are the third largest of the rodents, behind the capybara and the beaver.
Porcupines are the third largest rodent on earth.
Porcupines are the third largest rodent.
Porcupines are the third largest rodents, after the capybara and beaver.
Porcupines are the third-largest of the rodents, behind the capybara and the beaver .
Porcupines are truly fascinating creatures.
Porcupines are vegetarian.
Porcupines are vegetarians, and they eat a large variety of plants, shrubs and trees.
Porcupines are vegetarians.
Porcupines are very interesting animals.
Porcupines are very vocal during mating season.
Porcupines are viewable throughout the state, although they are typically more active at night.
Porcupines are well-disguised and hard to find for the novice trapper.
Porcupines begin life with hair which turns into quills as they mature.
Porcupines belong to families.
Porcupines breed in late autumn or early winter.
Porcupines breed in the fall or early winter .
Porcupines breed only once a year.
Porcupines can also damage fruit trees, sweet corn, alfalfa, and small grains.
Porcupines can be brown, black or, in unusual cases, white.
Porcupines can be vicious killers.
Porcupines can damage trees in the forest because they eat and strip the bark.
Porcupines can do damage.
Porcupines can do significant damage.
Porcupines can easily climb large trunks and surprisingly minute branches.
Porcupines can swim, so pond weeds, water lilies, and arrowhead are all part of the summer diet.
Porcupines can wreck seedlings and some agricultural crop plants as well.
Porcupines chew food.
Porcupines come in various shades of brown , grey , and the unusual white .
Porcupines come in various shades of brown, grey, and the unusual white.
Porcupines consume fruit.
Porcupines consume the bark, and girdle small trees.
Porcupines continue to gnaw on the trees.
Porcupines crave salt.
Porcupines defend mates.
Porcupines depend on habitats.
Porcupines detect potential predators.
Porcupines detect predators.
Porcupines do also pose a serious threat for pets, especially dogs.
Porcupines do interact with other animals.
Porcupines drag their whole body.
Porcupines eat and sleep in trees.
Porcupines eat food.
Porcupines eat fruit.
Porcupines eat herbaceous plants, inner tree bark, leaves and twigs.
Porcupines eat inner bark, leaves, seeds, grasses.
Porcupines eat mealworms.
Porcupines eat the inner tree bark, often climbing the tree to reach the thinner, smoother bark.
Porcupines eat their way through winter.
Porcupines eat vegetables.
Porcupines engage in prickly behaviour that other people find offensive.
Porcupines enjoy grass in the spring.
Porcupines feed on herbaceous vegetation in the spring.
Porcupines find food.
Porcupines float in water.
Porcupines generally live up to nine years in the wild.
Porcupines get food.
Porcupines give birth to porcupines.
Porcupines grow for three or four years before they reach adult body size.
Porcupines grow new quills to replace the ones they lose.
Porcupines has-part eyes.
Porcupines has-part heads.
Porcupines has-part incisors.
Porcupines has-part spines.
Porcupines has-part tails.
Porcupines has-part toes.
Porcupines has-part tongues.
Porcupines have (part) brains.
Porcupines have (part) breasts.
Porcupines have (part) cell membranes.
Porcupines have (part) cells.
Porcupines have (part) chest cavities.
Porcupines have (part) chests.
Porcupines have (part) corpi.
Porcupines have (part) cytoplasm.
Porcupines have (part) ears.
Porcupines have (part) faces.
Porcupines have (part) nuclei.
Porcupines have (part) pedal extremities.
Porcupines have (part) piluses.
Porcupines have (part) plasma membranes.
Porcupines have (part) rib cages.
Porcupines have (part) sections.
Porcupines have (part) skulls.
Porcupines have (part) sterna.
Porcupines have (part) vacuoles.
Porcupines have (part) vertebrate feet.
Porcupines have a special fondness for salt, for which reason they often like unusual things.
Porcupines have an interesting adaptation for eating wood.
Porcupines have bristles.
Porcupines have chew muscles.
Porcupines have claws.
Porcupines have dangerous quills that have caused the death of many predators.
Porcupines have enemies.
Porcupines have four toes on their front paws and five on their rear paws.
Porcupines have hollow quills.
Porcupines have incisors.
Porcupines have long claws.
Porcupines have many adaptations to their way of life.
Porcupines have muscles.
Porcupines have no specific breeding season, however, they have only one litter per year.
Porcupines have one litter in the spring.
Porcupines have poor vision but good senses of hearing and smell.
Porcupines have poor vision but have an acute sense of smell.
Porcupines have poor vision, good ears and nose.
Porcupines have quills.
Porcupines have ranges.
Porcupines have rodent incisors.
Porcupines have senses.
Porcupines have sex.
Porcupines have sharp quills.
Porcupines have short legs and a heavy, stout body.
Porcupines have skin.
Porcupines have soft hair, but on their back, sides, and tail it is usually mixed with sharp quills.
Porcupines have spikes all over their body for protection against attackers.
Porcupines have spines.
Porcupines have strong, thick tails which they can slap against an antagonist.
Porcupines have surfaces.
Porcupines have two areas of conflict with humans.
Porcupines have very poor eyesight, but have very well-developed senses of hearing and smell.
Porcupines kill plants.
Porcupines lead life.
Porcupines lead solitary life.
Porcupines leave quills.
Porcupines leave their dens to feed during the night and during warmer weather.
Porcupines like to chew on tires.
Porcupines like to eat the tender layers of the tree under the bark.
Porcupines like to set up homes in burrows.
Porcupines live alone.
Porcupines live in countries.
Porcupines live in forests , deserts and grasslands .
Porcupines live in forests, deserts and grasslands.
Porcupines live in forests.
Porcupines live in open tundra, deciduous forests, and desert chaparral.
Porcupines live in small, enclosed spaces.
Porcupines live in the wooded areas from Alaska to the northern part of Mexico.
Porcupines live on the forest floor.
Porcupines live thoughout most of the western United States and parts of the Northeast.
Porcupines live throughout Montana wherever there are coniferous trees to feed on.
Porcupines make shrill screeches, whines, and low grunts.
Porcupines mate and reproduce much like any other animal.
Porcupines mate in a very bizarre way.
Porcupines move on to the cambium of basswood, aspen, and sapling beech trees.
Porcupines occur in various shades of brown, gray, and white.
Porcupines only inflate and extend their spines as a defense mechanism.
Porcupines patrol their territory nightly and defend their feeding areas.
Porcupines possess a very unique defense system.
Porcupines possess fur.
Porcupines possess hair.
Porcupines possess litter.
Porcupines possess needles.
Porcupines possess quills.
Porcupines prefer environments.
Porcupines prefer food.
Porcupines prefer mixed hardwood and evergreen forests and are mainly nocturnal.
Porcupines primarily eat roots, tubers, bark and fallen fruit.
Porcupines release scent.
Porcupines release strong scent.
Porcupines relish the bark of trees.
Porcupines require diets.
Porcupines seek out sources.
Porcupines seek wood.
Porcupines seem to be holding their own.
Porcupines seem to prefer vegetation from aspen, willow, cottonwood and ponderosa pine.
Porcupines stay active throughout the winter.
Porcupines stay with mothers.
Porcupines subsist on diets.
Porcupines survive in habitats.
Porcupines survive in natural habitats.
Porcupines survive on vegetation.
Porcupines take places.
Porcupines take their privacy very seriously.
Porcupines taste what they smell like.
Porcupines tend to live alone and are quite shy and non-aggressive.
Porcupines travel alone or in small family groups.
Porcupines turn their backs on predators and swing their powerful tails toward the attacker.
Porcupines use techniques.
Porcupines walk on legs.
Porcupines walk very slowly.
Porcupines often climb trees to find food such as leaves and berries.
Porcupines often congregate around good denning sites and extensively girdle trees in the area.
Porcupines often feed in the trees here.
Porcupines usually choose to live in the wild away from humans.
Porcupines usually move slowly.
All porcupines are creatures of the night.
All porcupines float in water.
All porcupines have a great sense of smell.
All porcupines have a snout, slow, heavy form and a spiny coat.
All porcupines have short faces with large, bulbous noses and rather small eyes and ears.
Most porcupines adapt to environments.
Most porcupines belong to families.
Most porcupines can do damage.
Most porcupines can do significant damage.
Most porcupines chew food.
Most porcupines consume fruit.
Most porcupines defend mates.
Most porcupines depend on habitats.
Most porcupines detect potential predators.
Most porcupines detect predators.
Most porcupines eat food.
Most porcupines eat fruit.
Most porcupines eat mealworms.
Most porcupines eat vegetables.
Most porcupines find food.
Most porcupines get food.
Most porcupines give birth to porcupines.
Most porcupines has-part eyes.
Most porcupines has-part heads.
Most porcupines has-part incisors.
Most porcupines has-part spines.
Most porcupines has-part tails.
Most porcupines has-part toes.
Most porcupines has-part tongues.
Most porcupines have chew muscles.
Most porcupines have claws.
Most porcupines have enemies.
Most porcupines have hollow quills.
Most porcupines have incisors.
Most porcupines have long claws.
Most porcupines have muscles.
Most porcupines have quills.
Most porcupines have ranges.
Most porcupines have rodent incisors.
Most porcupines have senses.
Most porcupines have sex.
Most porcupines have sharp quills.
Most porcupines have skin.
Most porcupines have spines.
Most porcupines have surfaces.
Most porcupines kill plants.
Most porcupines lead life.
Most porcupines lead solitary life.
Most porcupines leave quills.
Most porcupines live in countries.
Most porcupines live in forests.
Most porcupines possess fur.
Most porcupines possess hair.
Most porcupines possess litter.
Most porcupines possess needles.
Most porcupines possess quills.
Most porcupines prefer environments.
Most porcupines prefer food.
Most porcupines release strong scent.
Most porcupines require diets.
Most porcupines seek out sources.
Most porcupines seek wood.
Most porcupines stay with mothers.
Most porcupines subsist on diets.
Most porcupines survive in habitats.
Most porcupines survive in natural habitats.
Most porcupines survive on vegetation.
Most porcupines take places.
Most porcupines use techniques.
Most porcupines walk on legs.
Some porcupines are member of families.
Some porcupines avoid danger.
Some porcupines cause death.
Some porcupines earn reputations.
Some porcupines eat bark.
Some porcupines eat insects.
Some porcupines eat pear trees.
Some porcupines eat roots.
Some porcupines eat tender bark.
Some porcupines eat tree bark.
Some porcupines eat trees.
Some porcupines eat weeds.
Some porcupines eat worms.
Some porcupines have ability.
Some porcupines have expectancy.
Some porcupines have life expectancy.
Some porcupines have many options.
Some porcupines have more quills than others.
Some porcupines have options.
Some porcupines have predators.
Some porcupines have sophisticate taste.
Some porcupines have touch.
Some porcupines inhabit regions.
Some porcupines love food.
Some porcupines move heads.
Some porcupines move tails.
Some porcupines receive food.
Some porcupines receive mealworms.
Some porcupines rest in trees.
Some porcupines suck milk.
A porcupinefish is a bony fish
Porcupinefishes also have the added protection of a spiny covering on their body.
Pore pressure impacts soil strength.
Pore pressure impacts strength.
Pore space is needed for the exchange of gases through the roots.
Pore space is the ratio of soil particles to voids where air and water can be found.
A pore is a hole
Pore isa shape.
PORE provides Internet links to other remote sites and services.
Pores allow specific communication with the cytoplasm.
Pores also have thick lignified walls.
Pores also reduce the cross-sectional area over which a load is applied.
Pores are also present in the equatorial grove of large wheat, barley, and rye starch granules.
Pores are circular to angular in shape.
Pores are ducts.
Pores are fine, solitary and numerous.
Pores are holes.
Pores are important in allowing air and water to penetrate the soil.
Pores are large and angular .
Pores are large and visible and the texture is often coarse or thick.
Pores are less visible.
Pores are often the precursors of sunspots.
Pores are open, and sweat is welcome.
Pores are part of skin.
Pores are spaces in the soil that come in different sizes.
Pores are the scapegoats of the ageing process.
Pores are the spaces between grains of sediment in sedimentary rock.
Pores are tiny and round.
Pores are tiny openings on the surface of the skin.
Pores are unclogged to help eliminate a leading cause of breakouts.
Pores can also bond the pattern and plastic together which makes demolding nearly impossible.
Pores can host gases, solutions, and microbiota.
Pores containing vapor are red, while pores containing fluid are blue.
Pores grow smaller from spring to summer wood.
Pores look smaller.
Pores maintain sufficient gas exchange for respiration while limiting water loss.
Pores occur singularly or in radial multiples of two or three and are barely visible to the eye.
Pores range from none to few.
Pores vary in size and shape from species to species.
Every pore is open, sipping a delicious wine.
Some pore shapes trap materials, while others allow free flow in and out of the spheres.
Some pores exist that are larger than the zeolite pores.
Some pores fill with oil.
Some pores have an umbra but no penumbra.
A porgy is a saltwater fish
Porgies are more resistant to rapid quality deterioration than most other fish.
Porgies are part of scups.
Porgies are saltwater fish.
Porgies are small, averaging about one pound.
Porgies have a deep body, a silvery color, large scales, and long spiny fins.
Porgies have a firm, low-fat flesh with a delicate, mild flavor.
Porgies tend to be bony, but they're highly prized for their delicate flavor.
Most porgies feed on shelled animals, including some that have pretty stout armour.
Porhpyritic texture develops when slow cooling is followed by rapid cooling.
Porimary sources offer an inside view of a particular event.
Pork chops are chops.
Pork chops are different than pork tenderloin.
Pork chops are elastic.
Pork chops are good to use.
Pork chops are pork.
Pork chops are the leanest and contain the least sodium.
Pork chops are the main dish.
Pork chops can be boneless or bone-in, and they can come from the loin or the ribs.
Pork chops sizzle on the stove.
Pork chops smothered in grilled onions is a standard and well done.
Pork chops taste good.
Pork cracklings go with beer.
Many pork cuts are leaner than chicken thighs.
Pork industries lose leaders.
A pork loin is cut of pork
Pork loin has nice smokiness but again is on the dry side.
Pork producers enhance air quality.
Pork producers enhance quality.
Pork producers enhance water quality.
Pork products continue to be the biggest contributor to the higher prices.
Pork ribs are a great meaty chew.
Pork ribs are our pick.
Pork rinds are all the rage with low-carb dieters.
Pork rinds contain carbohydrates.
Pork rinds lie within the reach of any child.
Most pork rinds contain carbohydrates.
Pork sausage has methods.
Pork sausage is a favorite of everyone, but the fat content is outrageous.
Pork sausage is an example of the wet.
Pork sausage is sausage
Pork sausage is sausage.
Pork sausages have to be heated until all of the meat inside is cooked .
Pork sausages have to be heated until all of the meat inside is cooked.
Most pork sausage has methods.
Pork steaks Look through our guide to pork and then try out some recipes like pork steak with apple.
Pork tapeworms can be dangerous.
Pork tapeworms can enter the brain and cause seizures.
Some pork tapeworms live up to years.
A pork tenderloin is cut of meat
Pork tenderloin is also very low in fat, leaner than skinless dark meat chicken, in fact.
Pork tenderloin is given a tropical twist by roasting with a guava, honey and rosemary glaze.
Pork tenderloin is much leaner than it used to be.
Pork tenderloin is one of the leanest pork cuts available and is easy to cut into cubes.
Pork tenderloin is wrapped in pancetta and served with a French butter-bean ragout.
Pork tenderloins are also popular because they're lean, tender, and boneless.
Pork tenderloins are tenderloins.
Pork tenderloins cook quickly and are lighter than the pork roast or chops used traditionally.
Pork actually has a lower amount of intramuscular fat in the meat than beef has.
Pork also provides more protein and less sodium than a comparable portion of chicken.
Pork begets more pork.
Pork breaks budgets.
Pork brings the parties together like few issues.
Pork ceases to be a commodity and becomes a product.
Pork choose the trimmed ham and tenderloin.
Pork chops arrive moist and smoky, bedded on braised red cabbage and mashed yams.
Pork chops sizzling on an open fire are indelibly primal and very Western frontier.
Pork comes from pigs.
Pork comes from pigs.
Pork contains high quality complete protein with all nine essential amino acids.
Pork continues to be the dominant meat in world markets.
Pork continues to be the driving force behind the increases in red meat holdings.
Pork continues to dominate the breakfast scene.
Pork describes programs that are funded year after year, yet fail to meet the intended goal.
Pork dominates the entrees in the form of chops, tenderloin, cutlets, sausage and rouladen.
Pork goes so well with so many different flavors and spices that it's almost mind-boggling.
Pork goes well with it and a popular version is to add a variety of firm fish and seafood.
Pork has cholesterol.
Pork has more natural moisture than beef and so makes a good filling for tamales.
Pork has three times as much thiamin as any other food.
Pork has versatility and taste, and has an excellent food-safety record.
Pork is a chief meat and can be found prepared in any number of delicious dishes.
Pork is a complete protein source for all ages, young and old.
Pork is a favorite among nutritionists, canine professionals and dogs alike.
Pork is a favorite meat, whether roasted and served with a fruit sauce or ground into meatballs.
Pork is a good source of minerals particularly iron and zinc.
Pork is a key part of three of the top five fastest-growing meal segments in food service.
Pork is a large part of their diet.
Pork is a major cause of foodborne salmonellosis throughout the world.
Pork is a media term.
Pork is a national favorite, used in more dishes than any other livestock.
Pork is a rich source of the vitamin.
Pork is a source of protein, iron, zinc and B-vitamins.
Pork is a staple in the Cuban diet.
Pork is a staple in the Taiwanese diet.
Pork is a substance forbidden by certain faiths.
Pork is a versatile food, and a high proportion of pork is consumed as processed meat.
Pork is a very high source of protein.
Pork is a very important ingredient in our every day meals, and every part of the pig is used.
Pork is a white meat that is a product of hogs and pigs.
Pork is a white meat.
Pork is a wonderful meat that has often received a bad rap in the past.
Pork is acid and rich in protein, the kelp is alkaline and non-caloric.
Pork is also a forbidden food item in cancer patient dietary plans.
Pork is also at home with sweet foods and spices like apples, cinnamon, prunes and cloves.
Pork is also high in iron and is especially rich in thiamin and the B vitamins.
Pork is always good, with chopped-up sausages of all kinds.
Pork is always prepared with a chile colorado sauce.
Pork is always something somebody else is getting.
Pork is an excellent source of protein, iron, zinc and B vitamins.
Pork is available by the whole or half.
Pork is available in a variety of cuts, from roasts to chops to tenderloins.
Pork is by far the favourite meat in Transylvanian cuisine.
Pork is considered a red meat.
Pork is delicious with either a fruit or vegetable accent.
Pork is done when cooked through but has the slightest pink color in the middle.
Pork is done when meat pulls easily from the ribs.
Pork is done when there is still a hint of pink in the center.
Pork is forbidden by Muslim and Jewish dietary laws.
Pork is forbidden.
Pork is front and center in popular magazines at the present.
Pork is full of antibiotics, poultry is full of hormones.
Pork is high in protein and is a significant source of iron which is essential for healthy living.
Pork is in the eye of the beholder.
Pork is king, as historically it was the easiest to keep ahold of.
Pork is located in dinner.
Pork is located in refrigerators.
Pork is low.
Pork is marinated overnight, then roasted briefly, chopped, and finished on the griddle.
Pork is meat
Pork is meat.
Pork is more popular than beef.
Pork is much leaner and is a better quality product than it was in the past.
Pork is naturally low in cholesterol and sodium.
Pork is often an entree on their dinner table.
Pork is one of the most useful meats.
Pork is one of the world's most widely eaten meats.
Pork is our super select Iowa quality.
Pork is packed with high quality protein, B vitamins and key minerals such as iron and zinc.
Pork is painful reading.
Pork is part of hogs.
Pork is part of the meat, poultry, fish, dry beans, eggs and nuts grouping of the food pyramind.
Pork is passed because there is money available to pay for it.
Pork is payola.
Pork is perhaps the worst.
Pork is plentiful and offered on special at most every supermarket from time to time.
Pork is pork, whether expressed in dollars or, in Baltimore's case, in municipal employees.
Pork is pork.
Pork is relatively common.
Pork is shipped from Quebec and Ontario into the highly populated north-eastern states.
Pork is slightly springy to the touch.
Pork is surprisingly unhelpful in detox procedures.
Pork is sweets.
Pork is the best of the grilled options, from appetizers through entrees.
Pork is the big issue according to retailers especially the popular cuts like loin.
Pork is the favoured meat.
PORK is the flesh and fat of pig or hog.
Pork is the king of the meat pantheon, with fowl in second place.
Pork is the main dish here, accompanied by rice topped with a rich, brown gravy.
Pork is the main meat here.
Pork is the main meat in the cuisine of Poland.
Pork is the meat of choice.
Pork is the most common meat.
Pork is the most popular meat stemming from the countries shortage of sizable pastures.
Pork is the most widely consumed meat in the world.
Pork is the most widely eaten meat in the world.
Pork is the official meat for the racing series.
Pork is the one exception.
Pork is the only product on the list for Denmark.
Pork is the predominant source of meat protein consumed in China.
Pork is the star here with chicken and fish also available.
Pork is the world's meat of choice.
Pork is the world's most widely consumed meat.
Pork is their normal meat.
Pork is transported to Belfast by cart.
Pork is versatile and can be cooked in many different ways.
Pork is very tasty and has a rosy color, with iridescent reflections.
Pork is very versatile,easy to prepare and makes a great mealtime solution.
Pork is worth generally three dollars per hundred.
Pork isa meat.
Pork lends itself well to curing, smoking and salting.
Pork needs a little lighter treatment.
Pork needs to realize people want quality and that means some inter-muscular marbling.
Pork never is aged because the animals are young when slaughtered and the meat is naturally tender.
Pork pairs well with a variety of flavors.
Pork provides a great-tasting alternative to chicken that the whole family can enjoy.
Pork provides a nutritious home cooked meal to share with family and friends.
Pork provides many important nutrients that contribute to a well balanced diet.
Pork provides protein, B-vitamins and thiamin to our diets.
Pork remains a top agenda item in the negotiations.
Pork requires a certain amount of marbling to remain tender after cooking.
Pork s a versatile meat.
Pork sizzles on the grill.
Pork skins and pork rinds are basically the same product, both being produced from the skin of pork.
Pork takes on a gray color when it's been exposed to air for a period of time.
Pork tops the meat list.
Pork translates into jobs for constituents.
Most pork comes from pigs.
Most pork has cholesterol.
Some pork contains parasitic worms and harmful bacteria.
Some pork is part of hogs.
Some pork is part of pigs.
Some pork is part of porkers.
Some pork is slashed, which is a major reason some congresspersons are howling like stuck pigs.
Porker isa hog.
Porker isa pig.
Porkers have (part) brains.
Porkers have (part) breasts.
Porkers have (part) cannon bones.
Porkers have (part) cell membranes.
Porkers have (part) cells.
Porkers have (part) chest cavities.
Porkers have (part) chests.
Porkers have (part) corpi.
Porkers have (part) cytoplasm.
Porkers have (part) ears.
Porkers have (part) faces.
Porkers have (part) heads.
Porkers have (part) hip sockets.
Porkers have (part) hoofs.
Porkers have (part) nuclei.
Porkers have (part) piluses.
Porkers have (part) plasma membranes.
Porkers have (part) pork.
Porkers have (part) rib cages.
Porkers have (part) sections.
Porkers have (part) skulls.
Porkers have (part) sterna.
Porkers have (part) vacuoles.
Porn actors use proper grammar.
Porn actresses conspire in their own exploitation.
Porn addiction is the hardest of the computer addictions to stop.
Porn addiction is very selfish.
Porn king fights in courts for freedom of speech, i.e. print 'dirty' pictures.
Porn movies are okay.
Porn movies are regular movies.
Many porn photos have pussy.
Porn site mature older women.
Porn sites are among the most profitable dot com businesses.
Porn sites are disgusting.
Porn sites are one of the few types of e-commerce pulling in profits hand over fist.
Porn sites are the only problem.
Porn sites come up at the strangest search engine results.
Porn sites continue to make the headlines, as do stories of adults who prey on the innocent.
Porn sites have some of the fastest servers, best graphics and the most advertising on the net.
Porn sites play pretty loose with the rules, though, so good luck.
Porn sites tell uninspiring narratives.
Porn star turns nun .
Porn stars are entertainers.
Porn stars are popular lecturers on college campuses.
Porn stars are sex workers.
Porn stars are still women, and one of the reasons they are porn stars is because they look good.
Porn stars choose as little clothing as possible at all times.
Porn stars come from all walks of life.
Porn stars needs to be renamed.
Porn stars work in a moving environment.
Many porn stars engage in bisexual behavior but they do it for the money.
Porn actresses more frontal more intercorse porn webs actresses porn sirtis webs.
Porn affects real relationships, too.
Porn captures the moment of orgasm adult night club .
Porn continues to be the real Internet success story.
Porn costs money, it costs money to hire the women, it costs money to make and run a website.
Porn does raise important questions.
Porn emerges as a fully-formed genre as complex as the Western and film noir.
Porn eroticizes rape and makes it arousing.
Porn freepic more than allowing and porn for bondage.
Porn gives bands cool points and boosts their fan base.
Porn indoctrinates men into viewing women as sex toys, pleasure things.
Porn is a creation
Porn is amusing.
Porn is apparently a growth industry in any economic climate because everyone loves to jerk off .
Porn is art.
Porn is back.
Porn is everywhere.
Porn is good.
Porn is great.
Porn is hot.
Porn is located in internets.
Porn is made of naked people.
Porn is neither healthy or unhealthy.
Porn is out of control, but rapid change in the law results in bad law.
Porn is people.
Porn is porn no matter what form it is in.
Porn is porn.
Porn is pornography.
Porn is so much . . .
Porn jpgs the hardcore and gratis if videos.
Porn leads to an enhanced sense of importance of sex without emotional involvement.
Porn leads to insensitivity towards victims of sexual violence.
Porn lives forever online, each pic being endlessly copied and posted.
Porn needs to be addressed, but let's get the important issues under control first.
Porn now takes in more money than rock and country music combined.
Porn owes billions to the jock strap.
Porn paints an exciting picture of prostitution.
Porn pays, simple as that.
Porn pictures the best archive in the net.
Porn provides spicy fantasy lives for people without partner or are in a dull relationship.
Porn provides substitute fantasies.
Porn reveals all to the camera's gaze, but in a sense transmits nothing.
Porn sells, make no mistake about it.
Porn slut fantasies - Hot slutty wannabe porn star masturbating with a huge dildo.
Porn spurs new filtering tools.
Porn stirs up lust.
Porn stirs up raw, irresponsible, unloving sex.
Porn teaches men to enjoy hurting and abusing women for entertainment.
Porn always drives future industries.
Porn always makes money.
Porn frequently features people who have been raped, battered, or sexually assaulted.
Porn often refers to women as animals, playthings, or body parts.
Most porn is composed of depictions of non-violent, consensual, mutually pleasurable sex.
Some porn shows pussy and hot naked amateurs with naked small tits.
Porno movies are bad.
Porno movies are for adults also porno xxx sex movies porno films.
Porno movies can also be the source of many hairstyling tips.
Porno movies have better soundtracks.
All porno movie stars in orgy threesome gangbang.
Porno sites are the Web's biggest lure.
Porno sites are worse than commercial sites, because surfing children can visit their site.
Porno stars can have many orgasms a day as they shoot the film.
Porno can never be mainstream, partly because of the contrarian nature of the form.
Porno is a creation
Porno is a motivational tool for males and females.
Porno is a proletarian form.
Porno is also the bread and butter of the pay per view biz.
Porno is books.
Porno is education.
Porno is good anyway.
Porno is great for incoming freshman to view.
Porno is intended primarily for the purpose of sexual arousal.
Porno is just one channel among many.
Porno is located in beds.
Porno is movies.
Porno is porn.
Porno is thus subversive, and subversion of a police state is very a important benefit to society.
Porno is very popular.
Porno lesbian their sex porno japan picture.
Porno pictures.porno porno amateur women includes anal sex, blowjobs, and cumshot pics.
All pornos showtime their space las vegas.
A pornographer is a booker
Pornographers approach the male and female markets differently.
Pornographers are prolific and determined, computer-savvy children are tough to shield.
Pornographers do all they can to ensure that the casual viewer becomes the steady user.
Pornographers have empires.
Pornographers have it.
Pornographers know that sex sells.
Pornographers make more money each year than the rock and country music industries combined.
Pornographers now make more money each year than the rock and country music industries combined .
Pornographers sell anonymous access to dirty pictures.
Pornographers violate the rights of women under internationally recognized principles of law.
Pornographers often blackmail victims into silence, sexual abuse and systems of prostitution.
Many pornographers argue that their product provides instruction in sexuality.
Pornographic cinema is an American business.
Pornographic content is in violation of our acceptable use policy and our service agreement.
Pornographic filth rolls off the printing presses by the ton.
All pornographic magazines are in their hands.
Pornographic material is banned.
Pornographic material is on display in the next room and is visible from the front room.
Pornographic materials are the ultimate in safe sex.
Pornographic materials constitute harassing material to most users of the network.
Pornographic materials have a relationship with violent acts.
Pornographic movies featuring fetishes, including bondage, are about to be banned.
Pornographic sites are a no no.
Pornographic sites are one of the few categories on the internet that make a profit.
Pornographic sites are the most visited on the Internet.
Pornographic sites tend towards sensational phraseology in order to attract visitors.
Many pornographic sites are unrated and therefore unblocked.
Pornographic websites are as pernicious as weeds and just as twisted.
Most pornographic websites are free or offer free preview pictures.
Pornography addiction is very serious.
Pornography actually is difficult to find in Utah.
Pornography advertises that all that matters is the physical and there are no consequences.
Pornography affects more than just the addict.
Pornography affects the whole individual physical, emotional and spiritual.
Pornography appears all over the Internet.
Pornography are an easy access leading to social hazards.
Pornography becomes a tool in the hand of a child molester.
Pornography becomes a user's type of fix.
Pornography breeds sexual violence.
Pornography builds excitement by creating fantasies.
Pornography can also make that long waiting time more manageable.
Pornography can be addictive.
Pornography can be good therapy.
Pornography can be harmful.
Pornography can be rampant even in newsgroups devoted to innocuous subjects.
Pornography can be totally disgusting and is a felony in many places.
Pornography can devastate lives.
Pornography can lead to many other problems than just that of looking at dirty pictures.
Pornography can reach in and snatch a kid out of any house today.
Pornography can reach out and snatch a kid out of any house today.
Pornography can scar a child for life.
Pornography can, as many have argued, increase sexual excitement and variety.
Pornography causes massive damage in guys' lives and relationships.
Pornography causes rape, according to antiporn feminists.
Pornography causes that to be possible.
Pornography circles the globe on the internet.
Pornography comes from a culture that breeds misogyny.
Pornography commercializes the deepest human instinct.
Pornography creates a hostile environment in our homes, in our workplaces, and in our communities.
Pornography decreases sexual satisfaction.
Pornography degrades and dehumanizes our fellow human beings.
Pornography degrades human beings. . . .
Pornography degrades women.
Pornography denies the privacy of sex.
Pornography denies the purity of sex.
Pornography destroys emotional and physical intimacy in relationships.
Pornography destroys families.
Pornography destroys marriages, families, and individual lives.
Pornography devastates men, women and children.
Pornography distorts the innate goodness and beauty of human love and sexuality.
Pornography distorts the natural development of personality.
Pornography does destroy.
Pornography does indeed touch other areas of life.
Pornography does lead to immoral behavior.
Pornography does more than make little boys blush and grown men smirk.
Pornography encourages abuse when female sexuality is used to stimulate male sexual arousal.
Pornography entices people of both sexes and all ages.
Pornography entices people to think, to look and to please self.
Pornography experiences no such limitation.
Pornography exploits women as objects for male gratification.
Pornography exploits women, kids and men.
Pornography exploits women.
Pornography facilitates child molestation.
Pornography fails because film footage of people simply having sex can lack intensity.
Pornography fails to convey the communication aspects of love.
Pornography feeds into lust.
Pornography filtering software blocks minors from hardcore adult sites.
Pornography focuses on sex without love and sometimes with violence or degradation.
Pornography grabs many who take a quick look out of curiosity.
Pornography has a compulsive or addictive nature.
Pornography has a direct relationship to child abuse.
Pornography has a purpose - to get one sexually aroused.
Pornography has no family value.
Pornography has no place on military bases.
Pornography has significant law enforcement implications.
Pornography hurts all involved.
Pornography is a big issue to many people.
Pornography is a big money maker.
Pornography is a bigger business than professional football, basketball and baseball put together.
Pornography is a blatant, public assault on the dignity of persons.
Pornography is a challenge to Britain's conservative censorship lobby.
Pornography is a controversial and divisive topic.
Pornography is a creation
Pornography is a dangerous medium.
Pornography is a form of discrimination based on sex.
Pornography is a form of discrimination on the basis of sex.
Pornography is a form of idolatry.
Pornography is a form of profound hostility toward women.
Pornography is a form of sexual unfaithfulness in a marriage.
Pornography is a generalising medium.
Pornography is a good example of that.
Pornography is a hall of mirrors, a central symbol of the society-wide confusion over sex.
Pornography is a killer.
Pornography is a major issue nowadays.
Pornography is a multi-billion dollar business in our country and growing.
Pornography is a multi-billion dollar business, and therefore is widely available on the Internet.
Pornography is a multi-billion dollar industry.
Pornography is a multibillion-dollar industry in our land today.
Pornography is a multibillion-dollar industry.
Pornography is a part of their life style.
Pornography is a pathetic substitute for intimacy.
Pornography is a picture , movie or writing that is created to make people get sexually excited .
Pornography is a picture, movie or writing that is created to make people get sexually excited.
Pornography is a plague that fosters and encourages rape and social diseases.
Pornography is a powerful addiction.
Pornography is a problem on the internet.
Pornography is a problem to any society.
Pornography is a problem which affects men, women and children.
Pornography is a proven predacessor to violence against women.
Pornography is a public health and safety issue.
Pornography is a ravenous cancer destroying modern society.
Pornography is a representation of something, an image in words or in pictures.
Pornography is a rigorous calling.
Pornography is a sin.
Pornography is a taboo subject.
Pornography is a term that holds no single definition.
Pornography is a textbook on how to victimize women sexually.
Pornography is a tool to jump-start and or aid the expression of sexual desire.
Pornography is a topic that is very difficult to define legally.
Pornography is a total availability on demand.
Pornography is a weed.
Pornography is about a person's constitutional right to view objectionable material.
Pornography is about sex because that's an arena in which men feel they are often treated unfairly.
Pornography is about the stimulation of the genitals.
Pornography is accepted as art and is readily available in many libraries.
Pornography is accepted in the world today.
Pornography is addictive like alcohol and drugs, and even more so.
Pornography is addictive, but it is painful.
Pornography is addictive.
Pornography is adult entertainment.
Pornography is all over the Internet.
Pornography is also a growing problem for Internet crime fighters.
Pornography is also hate speech about men.
Pornography is also one of the main enforcers of homophobia.
Pornography is also readily available on the Internet.
Pornography is an act as well as a representation.
Pornography is an addiction.
Pornography is an excellent tool for working with our sexuality.
Pornography is an expression of free speech.
Pornography is an expression of materialism and reductionism.
Pornography is an illusion being used to dispense with the illusion of chastity.
Pornography is an issue in human sexuality that evokes strong feelings.
Pornography is an issue that serves as a scapegoat for the ills of society.
Pornography is an obvious danger and it is readily available on the Net.
Pornography is another pleasure technology.
Pornography is another way that Satan seeks to destroy our minds.
Pornography is as addictive as any narcotic on the street.
Pornography is as addictive as cocaine or any illegal drug.
Pornography is as much as a drug as alcohol is.
Pornography is available on cable without being on a pay channel.
Pornography is available on the Internet to anyone with the right knowledge and software.
Pornography is available on the Net.
Pornography is available.
Pornography is bad enough hidden under the counters of news stands and bootlegged on the sly.
Pornography is bad, too.
Pornography is bad.
Pornography is banned.
Pornography is big business, making lots of money.
Pornography is big business.
Pornography is by far the most profitable market in Internet history.
Pornography is common place, along with public nudity .
Pornography is creations.
Pornography is dangerous.
Pornography is defined as full frontal nudity or sexual intercourse.
Pornography is definitely a feminist issue.
Pornography is designed for one purpose stimulate sexual excitement.
Pornography is designed to bypass the brain as much as possible.
Pornography is designed to seize a man's attention.
Pornography is disgusting, but can be extremely amusing.
Pornography is dull.
Pornography is especially dangerous and addictive.
Pornography is evil.
Pornography is free speech according to the government.
Pornography is free speech applied to the sexual realm.
Pornography is generally legal for adults.
Pornography Is Harmful More statistics on many different forms of pornography.
Pornography is huge.
Pornography is illegal.
Pornography is in the groin of the beholder.
Pornography is indefensible.
Pornography is insidious.
Pornography is involved in many cases.
Pornography is kinetic.
Pornography is legal.
Pornography is linked to crimes of rape, incest, and sexual abuse of children.
Pornography is located in homes.
Pornography is located in internets.
Pornography is made to entertain adults .
Pornography is made to entertain adults.
Pornography is manufactured unchecked.
Pornography is mass produced and widely available, yet is just as widely distrusted and condemned.
Pornography is material designed to arouse and has no legal or consistent definition.
Pornography is material designed to sexually arouse the viewer.
Pornography is more readily available today than it has been in the past.
Pornography is neither images nor texts.
Pornography is no longer a dirty little secret a few people keep from the rest of the world.
Pornography is no longer the only major issue.
Pornography is now mainstream.
Pornography is obviously an evolutionary step in the development of all media.
Pornography is offensive to some patrons.
Pornography is off-limits to children but it is readily accessible to adults.
Pornography is often pernicious because it perpetuates images of the so-called 'fallen woman'.
Pornography is on the increase.
Pornography is one form of depraved man s insistence on explicit sexual activity.
Pornography is one of the biggest problems concerning the Internet.
Pornography is one of the most controversial topics in relation to Internet.
Pornography is one such category.
Pornography is one thing, but it only leads to a physical reality.
Pornography is only a symptom of a deeper problem.
Pornography is outlawed from the M-Zone.
Pornography is part of a healthy free flow of information about sex.
Pornography is pervasive on the Internet, and readily available for anyone at any time.
Pornography is perverted, destructive, and ultimately leads to violent crimes.
Pornography is perverted, produced solely for the purpose of getting people off.
Pornography is plentiful.
Pornography is pornography, regardless of the source.
Pornography is pornography.
Pornography is pornography.
Pornography is presented as healthy for a boy's development and exciting to look at for girls.
Pornography is propaganda for sexual perversion.
Pornography is propaganda of the word.
Pornography is protected.
Pornography is psychologically addictive.
Pornography is rampant.
Pornography is readily available on the internet to anyone who wants it.
Pornography is represented by the explicit depiction of sexual organs and sexual practices.
Pornography is rife.
Pornography is seductive, addictive and destructive.
Pornography is sex stripped of all but the most desultory demands of narrative.
Pornography is sex too literally represented for certain folks' morality.
Pornography is sex.
Pornography is sexual.
Pornography is sexually explicit material that combines degradation and abuse with sexuality.
Pornography is simple.
Pornography is simply a depiction, in words or pictures, of sexual activity.
Pornography is something that people mostly men, like to look at.
Pornography is still accessible through back-street shops and sleazy theaters.
Pornography is still endemic.
Pornography is supposed to be a part of the male experience in our society.
Pornography is the attempt to insult sex, to do dirt on it.
Pornography is the business of making record albums.
Pornography is the business of making records.
Pornography is the erotic writing or art intended for sexual excitement.
Pornography is the hottest issue concerning the Internet and public access to information.
Pornography is the issue with filters non-bomb building.
Pornography is the more accurate definition for sexually explicit videos.
Pornography is the most pervasive form of offensive material.
Pornography is the number-one industry on the Internet.
Pornography is the obsession of our postmodern times.
Pornography is the primary form of sex education in our country.
Pornography is the propaganda of sexual fascism.
Pornography is the propaganda of sexual terrorism.
Pornography is the rather embarrassing answer.
Pornography is the same, whether it comes into the campus in a magazine or on a computer monitor.
Pornography is the theory and rape is the practice.
Pornography is the theory, rape is the practice.
Pornography is the undiluted essence of anti-female propaganda.
Pornography is their instruction manual.
Pornography is totally about objectification.
Pornography is triggered by depression and stress.
Pornography is unethical and obscene.
Pornography is used in gang rape against women.
Pornography is used to instruct the child in what the pedophile wants.
Pornography is used to validate the offenders habits, to inspire, and to teach the victim.
Pornography is very common and posted frequently on the newsgroups.
Pornography is very healthy.
Pornography is Violence a.
Pornography is violence because women are coerced into pornography.
Pornography is well, porn.
Pornography is when the actual sex act is severed from the human relations bound to the act.
Pornography is worse today than decades ago.
Pornography is, of course, spiritual adultery.
Pornography kills the soul, steals the heart, and destroys the mind.
Pornography leads directly to violence against women.
Pornography leads the viewer inwards to a life of fantasy and self-satisfaction.
Pornography leads to so many immoral actions.
Pornography leads to unspeakable pain and heartache as well as abuse both physical and mental.
Pornography leads to violence against women.
Pornography Lies about women.
Pornography lies about women's sexuality.
Pornography makes a profit from the ruined lives of young women.
Pornography makes the part into the whole and the means into the end.
Pornography mocks any hope of change.
Pornography never makes a man kinder, more compassionate, more understanding.
Pornography never makes a man more godly.
Pornography only exploits part of a person, and degrades the whole of a person.
Pornography palls too.
Pornography permeates our culture.
Pornography perpetuates racist and anti-Semitic, sexist stereotypes.
Pornography plays a pivotal role in the child sex offender s life.
Pornography poses an even greater threat to the child than does sexual abuse or prostitution.
Pornography presents an unreal view of human sexuality.
Pornography presents young people with a false and distorted image of human sexuality.
Pornography provides a brief distraction from the emptiness in that man's life.
Pornography provides reassurance and eliminates shame.
Pornography provides the impetus, then 'mature industry' picks it up.
Pornography provokes crime.
Pornography puts all kinds of awful ideas in people's brains, cheapening the value of other people.
Pornography represents the very antithesis of that tradition.
Pornography ruins thousands of relationships and families each year.
Pornography runs rampant in the land.
Pornography says so.
Pornography seems more disgusting than other evils.
Pornography seems to be out of control.
Pornography seems to play a large role in bachelors' lives.
Pornography serves a purpose.
Pornography shapes men's expectations and beliefs about women.
Pornography stays the same.
Pornography strips away the emotional confusion that so often surrounds real world sex.
Pornography teaches that women enjoy being stripped, forcibly abused and raped.
Pornography tells lies about women.
Pornography sometimes seems to lurk around every corner.
All pornography gets to kids eventually.
Most pornography is like a bag of ice.
Most pornography is sexist, yet can be a source of erotic pleasure to men and women.
Much pornography includes graphic images of sexual violence.
Much pornography is socially acceptable, with few people actively speaking out against it.
Some pornography is liberating for women to view.
Some pornography is protected by the free speech provisions of the First Amendment.
Porosity associated with the leaching of shell temper is virtually absent.
Porosity consists of the tiny spaces in the rock that hold the oil or gas.
Porosity determines the amount of air and water the soil can hold.
Porosity determines the amount of water that can be stored in a saturated zone.
Porosity generally decreases with depth.
Porosity governs the amount of groundwater that a rock material can hold.
Porosity influences the movement of air and water.
Porosity is a body
Porosity is a fabric's ability to allow air to pass through.
Porosity is a measure of how much of a rock is open space.
Porosity is a measure of the voids in concrete.
Porosity is affected by both the size of particles and how the particles are arranged.
Porosity is an aggregation of micro-voids.
Porosity is an aggregation of microvoids.
Porosity is an intrinsic property of every material.
Porosity is caused by solidification, shrinkage and gas in the casting processes.
Porosity is consistency.
Porosity is defined as the measure of the void space or storage capacity of a reservoir matrix.
Porosity is dependent on plating thickness and parameters as well as substrate defects.
Porosity is dispositions.
Porosity is entirely a result of brittle fracturing.
Porosity is expressed as the percentage of the total volume occupied by the interstices.
Porosity is high, due the lack of yarn, even with the urethane coating.
Porosity is important, but, 'alone', it does make an aquifer.
Porosity is independent of grain size .
Porosity is indicated by the blue-stained epoxy.
Porosity is intergranular, and the hydraulic conductivity of the aquifers is moderate to high.
Porosity is introduced into the interlayer by adding starch particles to the slurry.
Porosity is lithology independent.
Porosity is mainly a function of dicot woods.
Porosity is one of the main controls of density variation in sedimentary rocks.
Porosity is percent pore space in material.
Porosity is present only as micropores associated with microfractures.
Porosity is reduced due to compaction and cementation but secondary solution porosity occurs.
Porosity is reduced.
Porosity is the A . ability of a rock to transmit fluids.
Porosity is the percentage of open space in a rock.
Porosity is the space around the mineral grains that make up the rock.
Porosity is the volume of open spaces in a rock.
Porosity is therefore of decisive financial significance to operations.
Porosity makes organizations flexible, and responsive to diverse customer needs.
Porosity occurs in the copper because copper diffuses faster in the nickel than vice versa.
Porosity permits air circulation.
Porosity refers to the permeability of fired or unfired clay.
Porosity tends to decrease with depth due to cementation and compaction.
Porous asphalt has an even smaller open area.
Porous bones lead to an increased risk of broken bones and hairline fractures.
Porous Borders make for very inefficient internal crime prevention systems.
Porous bulbs resembling giant turnips grow on the ceiling.
Porous chucks have ceramic, quartz or metal inserts which can loosen.
Porous composition allows resin to penetrate under pressure.
Some porous concrete absorbs water.
Porous construction provides numerous bacterial attachments.
Porous cups ought to be renewed whenever they become too much encrusted with copper.
Porous electrode increases surface area for optimal epicardial sensing.
Porous fence revetments after two growing seasons.
Porous materials absorb sound, but allow it to pass through at only slightly reduced intensity.
Porous materials can trap molds.
Porous media are geometrically very complex.
Porous media have a very complex geometry and are well represented by fractal.
Porous membranes can separate molecules by size or due to chemical interaction with the surface.
Porous membranes enclose cell organelles.
Porous membranes enclose organelles.
Most porous membranes enclose cell organelles.
Most porous membranes enclose organelles.
Porous nature allows skin to breathe and reduces irritation.
Porous paints are particularly vulnerable to moisture penetration.
Porous papers are good candidates for wet removal.
Porous pavement allows water to percolate through the soils.
Porous pavements operate in a similar fashion to infiltration trenches.
Porous plasters are also good.
Porous pots are available for very small samples.
Porous rocks are usually permeable.
Porous silicon is made by submerging a silicon crystal in an acid solution and applying current.
Porous silicon is prepared by etching crystalline silicon.
Porous soil covers the top.
Porous soil is devoid of stagnant water bodies, hence unfavourable for anopheline breeding.
Porous soils lose their fertility more rapidly, as nutrients are leached out by rain.
Porous stones turquoise, lapis lazuli and malachite.
Porous surfaces tend to cause the paint to smear.
Some porous surfaces absorb food.
Porphyra blades are usually broad-lanceolate,thin and smooth with undulating margins.
Porphyria research needs to move to the forefront of medical science research.
A porphyria is a disease
Porphyria affects either the nervous system or the skin.
Porphyria appears unlikely.
Porphyria comes into the room and essentially physically pursues the speaker.
Porphyria does indeed have modern standard diagnostic numbers.
Porphyria is a fascinating disease.
Porphyria is a genetic condition that leads to differences when the body makes blood .
Porphyria is a genetic condition that leads to differences when the body makes blood.
Porphyria is a genetic disease that is caused by an enzyme deficiency in heme production.
Porphyria is a greatly undiagnosed and underdiagnosed disease.
Porphyria is a metabolic disorder affecting the production of heme.
Porphyria is a mystery to many clinicians.
Porphyria is a rare metabolic disease of the heme pathway.
Porphyria is a rare, usually inherited, metabolic disorder.
Porphyria is an inherited condition.
Porphyria is an inherited disorder of hemo biosynthetic pathways.
Porphyria is diagnosed through tests on blood, urine, and stool.
Porphyria is probably the most under-diagnosed health problem today.
Porphyria is shown to be a rather evil, perhaps contemptuous woman.
Porphyrias are defects in porphyrin metabolism.
Porphyrias are deficits of certain enzymes required for the production of heme.
Porphyrias are diseases resulting from the abnormal accumulation of heme precursors.
Porphyrias are diseases.
Porphyrias are genetic diseases.
Porphyrin levels are usually within normal limits.
Porphyrin production takes place in the liver.
Porphyrin proteins are another Important group of metal proteins.
A porphyrin is pigment
Porphyrins absorb visible light strongly.
Porphyrins are an important component of enzymes, such as the hemoglobin that renders our blood red.
Porphyrins are at the core of many biologically important chemical reactions.
Porphyrins are cyclic tetrapyrroles of tremendous importance in biology and chemistry.
Porphyrins are dyes which react with light to close abnormal blood vessels.
Porphyrins are fascinating compounds with biological significance.
Porphyrins are important in making the red blood cells and carrying oxygen throughout the body.
Porphyrins are one of the precursors of heme.
Porphyrins are organic ring compounds like haeme , the pigment in red blood cells .
Porphyrins are organic ring compounds like haeme, the pigment in red blood cells.
Porphyrins are pigment.
Porphyrins are pigments found in both animal and plant life.
Porphyrins are red and green pigments that are produced by cells in the feather follicle.
Porphyrins are stable, ring-shaped molecules with a strictly planar structure.
Porphyrins are the conjugate acids of ligands that bind metals to form complexes .
Porphyrins fluoresce under UV light, a trait that readily differentiates it from blood.
Porphyrins have intense absorption maxima in the visible region.
Porphyrins then accumulate to high levels, making the weeds fatally hypersensitive to light.
Porphyrins then build up in the body.
Porphyritic dacite intrudes volcanic andesite, chalcopyrite being the main copper mineral.
A porphyritic rock is an igneous rock
Porphyritic rocks are a combination of the two above.
Porphyritic rocks are abundant and of many kinds.
Porphyritic rocks are difficult to count.
Porphyritic texture is really a subtype, but usage of the term often confuses the beginner.
Porphyritic textures form primarily because of two rates of cooling.
Porphyroclastic grains display similar core-rim variations as orthopyroxenes.
A porpoise is a dolphin
Porpoise are often a part of the day's events.
Porpoise isa dolphin.
Porpoises also eat squid.
Porpoises also have smaller bodies.
Porpoises are also more robust than dolphins.
Porpoises are among the smallest aquatic mammals.
Porpoises are among the smallest of modern whales, but they are one of the most amazing groups.
Porpoises are cetaceans.
Porpoises are different than dolphins.
Porpoises are different, they have no snouts.
Porpoises are dolphins.
Porpoises are fast swimmers.
Porpoises are fully aquatic creatures.
Porpoises are gray on top with a white strip and a white belly.
Porpoises are in family phocoenidae.
Porpoises are liable to get caught in gill nets and please report any strandings.
Porpoises are located in oceans.
Porpoises are located in sea.
Porpoises are located in water.
Porpoises are mammals.
Porpoises are normally stout and short.
Porpoises are predators of fish , squid , and crustaceans .
Porpoises are relatively shy and are seen alone or in groups containing a few individuals.
Porpoises are smaller and have blunt snouts.
Porpoises are smaller marine mammals related to whales and dolphins.
Porpoises are somewhat smaller.
Porpoises are very small mammals, the smallest of all cetaceans.
Porpoises avoid vessels.
Porpoises depend on natural resources.
Porpoises depend on resources.
Porpoises differ from dolphins, they are a group of six distinct and smaller species.
Porpoises do at times jump in and out of the traps.
Porpoises do belong in their own family and are quite different to a dolphin.
Porpoises eat a wide variety of creatures.
Porpoises eat fish.
Porpoises eat small fish.
Porpoises enjoy life.
Porpoises enter the Bay to feed on returning fish, especially croakers and spot.
Porpoises feed largely on fish and squid, much like the rest of the odontocetes.
Porpoises feed on fish.
Porpoises grow quickly, and reach sexual maturity early.
Porpoises has-part eyes.
Porpoises has-part fins.
Porpoises has-part teeth.
Porpoises have (part) brains.
Porpoises have (part) breasts.
Porpoises have (part) cell membranes.
Porpoises have (part) cells.
Porpoises have (part) chest cavities.
Porpoises have (part) chests.
Porpoises have (part) corpi.
Porpoises have (part) cytoplasm.
Porpoises have (part) ears.
Porpoises have (part) faces.
Porpoises have (part) flippers.
Porpoises have (part) heads.
Porpoises have (part) nuclei.
Porpoises have (part) pedal extremities.
Porpoises have (part) piluses.
Porpoises have (part) plasma membranes.
Porpoises have (part) rib cages.
Porpoises have (part) sections.
Porpoises have (part) skulls.
Porpoises have (part) sterna.
Porpoises have (part) vacuoles.
Porpoises have (part) vertebrate feet.
Porpoises have a rounded snout and flat or spade-shaped teeth.
Porpoises have a short beak and triangular fin.
Porpoises have apparent preference.
Porpoises have appearances.
Porpoises have bones.
Porpoises have eyes.
Porpoises have faces.
Porpoises have features.
Porpoises have flippers.
Porpoises have heads.
Porpoises have interaction.
Porpoises have jaws.
Porpoises have layers.
Porpoises have lower jaws.
Porpoises have mouths.
Porpoises have no sense of smell.
Porpoises have no use for the bones, yet they always appear in every animal.
Porpoises have physical features.
Porpoises have pink eyes.
Porpoises have preference.
Porpoises have round faces.
Porpoises have shape teeth.
Porpoises have skulls.
Porpoises have small, rounded heads and blunt jaws instead of beaks.
Porpoises have teeth that are shaped like a spade and they have long sharp upper edges.
Porpoises have teeth.
Porpoises have the ability to produce biosonar and it is their primary sensory system .
Porpoises have triangular dorsal fins , like a shark.
Porpoises have triangular heads.
Porpoises have two flippers on the front, and a tail fin.
Porpoises hunt fish.
Porpoises inhabit offshore water.
Porpoises inhabit water.
Porpoises lack a rostrum or a beak.
Porpoises like people.
Porpoises maintain stability.
Porpoises mostly feed on fish.
Porpoises occur along coasts.
Porpoises play in bays.
Porpoises play in water.
Porpoises possess bodies.
Porpoises possess dimorphism.
Porpoises prefer cool water.
Porpoises prefer water.
Porpoises reach maturity.
Porpoises reach sexual maturity.
Porpoises scramble to ride the bow wave.
Porpoises search for food.
Porpoises shake heads.
Porpoises share with dolphins the ability to produce a wide variety of underwater sounds.
Porpoises swim in groups.
Porpoises tend to be smaller but stouter than dolphins.
Porpoises tend to be smaller than dolphins.
Porpoises tend to be the thickest near the center with their body tapering down towards the flukes.
Porpoises tend to have small, triangular shaped dorsal fins as compared to their dolphin relatives.
Porpoises travel up to kilometres.
Porpoises use jaws.
Porpoises use lower jaws.
Porpoises use sound for navigating, communicating and finding prey.
Porpoises venture into deep water.
Porpoises venture into water.
Porpoises always prefer sailing-ships.
Porpoises sometimes frolic in the Sound.
Porpoises usually travel in small groups.
Most porpoises are located in water.
Most porpoises depend on natural resources.
Most porpoises depend on resources.
Most porpoises eat fish.
Most porpoises eat small fish.
Most porpoises enjoy life.
Most porpoises feed on fish.
Most porpoises has-part eyes.
Most porpoises has-part fins.
Most porpoises has-part teeth.
Most porpoises have apparent preference.
Most porpoises have appearances.
Most porpoises have bones.
Most porpoises have eyes.
Most porpoises have flippers.
Most porpoises have heads.
Most porpoises have interaction.
Most porpoises have jaws.
Most porpoises have layers.
Most porpoises have lower jaws.
Most porpoises have mouths.
Most porpoises have physical features.
Most porpoises have preference.
Most porpoises have round faces.
Most porpoises have shape teeth.
Most porpoises have teeth.
Most porpoises have triangular heads.
Most porpoises inhabit offshore water.
Most porpoises maintain stability.
Most porpoises occur along coasts.
Most porpoises possess dimorphism.
Most porpoises prefer cool water.
Most porpoises prefer water.
Most porpoises reach maturity.
Most porpoises reach sexual maturity.
Most porpoises shake heads.
Most porpoises travel up to kilometres.
Most porpoises use jaws.
Most porpoises use lower jaws.
Some porpoises are located in ecosystems.
Some porpoises become calves.
Some porpoises become single calves.
Some porpoises eat squids.
Some porpoises enter bays.
Some porpoises feed in bays.
Some porpoises feed in groups.
Some porpoises find in lakes.
Some porpoises go to bays.
Some porpoises grow vessels.
Some porpoises have beaks.
Some porpoises have color.
Some porpoises have distribution.
Some porpoises have noses.
Some porpoises have ridges.
Some porpoises have rings.
Some porpoises have round noses.
Some porpoises live in groups.
Some porpoises lose body heat.
Some porpoises lose heat.
Some porpoises make families.
Some porpoises reach height.
Some porpoises stay with mothers.
Some porpoises suffer injuries.
Some porpoises suffer severe injuries.
Some porpoises wash up on beaches.
Porquoi tales are how things got something they have or why something happens.
Porridge has (part) sauces.
Porridge has (part) sections.
Porridge is made of corn.
Porridge is made of grind corn.
Porridge isa nourishment.
Porridge isa sustenance.
Porridge provides energy.
Most porridge is made of corn.
Most porridge is made of grind corn.
Most porridge provides energy.
Some porridge contains fiber.
Some porridge serves with sauces.
Some porridge serves with soy sauces.
Porsche parts are very expensive never mind the labor costs.
Port Charlotte is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Port City Enter the name of the U.S. city where the shipment was discharged.
Port City makes a good race car.
Port crane is used to retrieve the package.
Port density is important.
Port holes are in the raised position with a rope holding each up.
Port land is a scarce resource, and productivity improvements are hampered by parochial protection.
Port land is the largest city in Oregon.
Port numbers are as follows.
Port numbers count up sequentially.
Port numbers have nothing to do with it.
Port numbers have some unfortunate restrictions.
All port numbers begin with a three leter case insensitive prefix.
A port of call is a harbor
Ports of call vary with each itinerary.
Port scans are scans of the entire UCD network, generally looking for exploitable system weaknesses.
Port scans are where an inidvidual attempts to connect to a variety of different ports.
Port Scanner Scans a host for available network services.
Port scanners are widely available for a variety of different platforms.
Port scanners scan ports on a particular machine or group of machines.
Port scanning can come from inside or outside.
Port scanning is a common tool hackers use to detect clear and open paths into a network.
Port scanning is a fact of life on the Internet.
Port scanning is a way to probe a remote computer to find out what ports are open.
Port scanning is also a good technique to test firewall rule sets.
Port scanning is easy and effective.
Port scanning is like ringing the doorbell to see whether someone's at home.
Port scanning is used to determine what daemons or processes are running on a device.
Port scanning takes advantage of the necessary elements of communications protocols.
Port security is a responsibility of the host nation and the port authority.
Port services are essential for the functioning of ports.
Port side keep a close watch.
Port side seen from one of the rescue ships, bow missing.
Port side take it down, starboard sides row.
Port sides tap it.
Port states can refuse to accept ships that have been extended.
Port status is selectable by writing a control word to the port register.
Port walls are to the right or the left, port floors high or low.
Port wine is always sweet.
Port wine is another specialty of the house.
Port wine is back.
Port wine is the classic accompaniment.
Port wine is wine
Port wine makes a good pairing for cigar lovers.
Port wine Put everything in a saucepan, bring to a boil.
Port wine stain on forehead.
Port wines are sweet, alcoholic and satisfying.
Port wing intake to supercharger round in shape.
A port is a point
Port allows messages to and from a program.
Port also goes very well with chocolate .
Port believes the matter is now closed.
Port Blakely can attribute much of their longevity to properly managing their resources.
Port call subject to sea conditions and ship schedule.
Port calls for SSBNs permitted.
Port can either be an integer containing the port number or a string containing the port name.
Port can send out as many reactive press releases as it wishes.
Port Carling is many things to many people.
Port carries out cargo transfer according to contracts.
Port charges an extra charge levied by local government authorities to be paid by passenger.
Port comes in two distinct styles, tawny and ruby.
Port Contains the number of the listen port for incoming requests for service.
Port counts down to industry and country level are available for some services.
Port Enter the number of the listen port for incoming requests for service.
Port Enter the port address here in hexadecimal notation.
Port Enter the port number at which the directory server is listening.
Port Enter the port number to be used on the remote program host.
Port forwarding allows access to internal servers when masquerading is active.
Port goes into the game a slight favorite . . .
Port goes off hook at system reset and remains off hook.
Port has considerable depth to delve into for selection.
Port is a dirty word when talking about consoles.
Port is a fine after dinner drink with a great tradition.
Port is a fortified red wine with a full, rich flavor.
Port is a more universal drink which can be consumed at various times during a meal.
Port is a proponent of the six day theory.
Port is also a nice after dinner drink, too.
Port is an industry expression for transfer.
Port is an online catalogue of high quality maritime related Internet resources.
Port is disabled by user.
Port is formidable most times.
Port is in the south of our region.
Port is included.
Port is installed, but there is no connection to the network yet.
Port is integrated into the national network of roads and railways.
Port is is a double quarter berth.
Port is kept open all year round.
Port is less complicated than football.
Port is made all over the world, including America, Australia and South Africa.
Port is made by adding brandy, generally made from grapes, to the fermenting wine.
Port is much sweeter than regular wine.
Port is one of call , redo , exit , fail or unify .
Port is one of the most regulated wines made today.
Port is open for all foreign vessels.
Port is optional.
Port is perfect in that regard.
Port is placed in narrow channel between island and coast.
Port is Portugal's best known wine, it represents about six percent of the wine production.
Port is served in the afternoon and evenings.
Port is sweet because the arrested fermentation leaves unused sugars behind.
Port is the left hand side of a boat when it is facing ahead.
Port is the modem connected to Set it to whichever port the modem is connected.
Port is the most toxic of all wines and the prescribed remedy probably exacerbated the problem.
Port is the obvious wine to accompany a cigar, but there are several other enticing options.
Port is the port number of hs-gw.
Port is the port on the destination host.
Port is the port that is checked if it is open.
Port is the port the embedded gatekeeper uses to communicate.
Port is the port to connect to.
Port is the tcp port that that host is listening on for speech requests.
Port is typically much stronger than normal wine.
Port is used to define signal entry points, or to apply text labels.
Port is used to initialize, monitor, and control the receiver.
Port is within the town limits.
Port isa location.
Port makes the rounds.
Port means left, and starboard means right.
Port means that a person s credentials are portable, transportable, convenient, and manageable.
Port now appeals.
Port owns and maintains rail which services industrial park.
PORT provides one positive solution to homelessness.
Port represents solid long-term value to investors.
Port requires command a session.
Port rudder with prop visible in water.
Port specifies the port number that a particular service listens on.
Port supplies a list of local and network printing devices.
Port supports developing new curricula, especially in math and science.
Port Think of a port as a television channel.
Port wants minimal increases to the salary cap in the next two years.
Ports act as the interface for seaborne trade movement.
Ports allows servers to provide different services.
Ports also allow for common housing.
Ports also engage in industrial development.
Ports also play an important role in responding to marine emergencies such as oil spills.
Ports are accessible from the interior of the cooler.
Ports are all the same.
Ports are available by the glass.
Ports are available for aeration, nutrient sampling and supplementation.
Ports are available for many platforms.
Ports are available for most popular platforms.
Ports are available in dorms for students to hook up their computers to the Internet.
Ports are available with feedthroughs to give signal connections.
Ports are big, but impossible to talk about because the owners frown on such discussions.
Ports are channels by which services on the Internet operate.
Ports are completely independent in operation.
Ports are computer components.
Ports are connections to end stations.
Ports are first-class objects, like any other object in Scheme.
Ports are for multipurpose use.
Ports are in a class by themselves and can benefit by several hours of decanting.
Ports are in progress.
Ports are long-term investments.
Ports are non detectable or closed.
Ports are now available where even veteran cruise passengers have never been.
Ports are now on the verge of losing at the rate of Rs.
Ports are objects, such as open files, from which characters can be read or written in sequence.
Ports are only places for ships to dock and for invasions to be conducted.
Ports are openings.
Ports are optical glass and axial seal and bayonet mounting for a secure fit.
Ports are ports.
Ports are Positioned to insert laproscopic instruments.
Ports are run-down and antiquated.
Ports are similar to channels on a television.
Ports are sockets for logical connections.
Ports are still underdeveloped and sometimes very expensive.
Ports are the connection sites on nodes where the wires connect.
Ports are the exact size of the coin, holding the coin securely by friction.
Ports are the nexus of business transactions for imported and exported goods.
Ports are underway to other machines.
Ports are usually either serial or parallel.
Ports are vital to our economy and international trade.
Ports bring in foreign currency, especially the export of livestock.
Ports can operate a mixture of baud rates.
Ports can operate as links or repeaters connected or stand alone.
Ports can operate as links or repeaters.
Ports can send and receive information.
Ports come in two kinds, both of which are standard items.
Ports continue to play a significant role in Indiana s growth.
Ports Determines the map connections between nodes and networks.
Ports displays throughput.
Ports distfiles distfile ports , ports .
Ports distfiles survey , .
Ports exist at Bata, Luba and Malabo.
Ports exist for each interaction of the unit of main prosecution with their auxiliary devices.
Ports Generally speaking, a computer has a single physical connection to the network.
Ports generally undertake two main functions for handling coal.
Ports Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Ports have a habit of entrapping a boat.
Ports have extensive environmental responsibilities.
Ports have quiet water.
Ports have water.
Ports help to keep all that data separate and going to the right places.
Ports hold large amounts of angels and demons.
Ports Improve operational efficiency and capacity.
Ports indicate the maximum number of connections that can be made to the system.
Ports know how to handle vessels and their cargoes.
Ports look at a variety of dredged material disposal options as part of their deepening projects.
Ports look for funding from local, state and Federal governments.
Ports normally correspond to given versions of software.
Ports now have better-defined control over blocking mode and terminal mode.
Ports play a leading role in facilitating trade and prosperity.
Ports play another critical role in our communities as well.
Ports provide access to outside-world devices.
Ports provide just that.
Ports provide location transparency.
Ports provides details about serial and parallel ports.
Ports remain open all year long.
Ports represent a section of a communications band available from the Internet protocols.
Ports retain a leading role in bulk transportation.
Ports round the world have been adapted to freight transport by container .
Ports round the world have been adapted to freight transport by container.
Ports serve functions.
Ports serve same functions.
Ports tend to be quite automated, at least major international ports.
Ports then allow device registers to be declared.
Ports therefore operate in strong competition with each other and keenly protect their independence.
Ports usually behave exactly as the original game.
All port is configured as inputs upon power-up or reset.
All ports are accessible via a door in the back.
All ports are asynchronous of each other for maximum flexibility.
All ports are closed anyway when the application quits.
All ports are closed.
All ports are exact.
All ports are front-panel mounted for easier installation and maintenance.
All ports are probably in use.
All ports are simultaneously active with automatic print queue management.
All ports can autosense connection speed.
All ports can be active at the same time.
All ports have contact information and details about theirfacilities.
All ports look alike.
All ports offer cold storage facilities.
All ports operate in half-duplex mode.
All ports operate in parallel.
All ports provide basic monitoring and shutdown functions.
All ports provide dial in and dial out access.
All ports read or write only ascii characters.
All ports see all traffic.
All ports share a single IRQ, allowing the card's use of system resources to remain very small.
All ports support serial devices that require external clocking of the baud rate.
Any port can communicate with any other port.
Every port is different.
Every port is either an input port, an output port, or both.
Every port starts out active.
Many ports already place a priority on good environmental management.
Many ports already provide garbage facilities without additional charges.
Many ports also offer water sports, such as snorkeling and boating, or just explore the beach.
Many ports are just unnecessary.
Many ports depend on other ports.
Many ports end up in stealth mode.
Many ports have good connections to all three forms of surface transport.
Many ports have parking available at a daily rate.
Most port is fined with gelatine, crusted port is always suitable for vegetarians.
Most port is fined with gelatine, crusted port is always suitable.
Most ports are active all the time.
Most ports are also available as pre-built packages.
Most ports are on the southern shores and there are about twenty anchorages for small boats.
Most ports are served weekly, the minimum service standard is fortnightly.
Most ports attribute corrupt employees as the problem.
Most ports feature delrin bodies to reduce weight.
Most ports have quiet water.
Most ports have water.
Most ports serve functions.
Most ports serve same functions.
Some ports are hub ports for the region, where goods are reloaded for on-shipment.
Some ports are more polished than others.
Some ports are specific while others are general.
Some ports deal with all aspects of economic development, others with only one or two.
Some ports do an excellent job being accountable to taxpayers.
Some ports go well with chocolate.
Some ports have restrictions applying to ammunition.
Some ports have stands of up to two hours.
Some ports lump everything and put it in the subdirectory with the port's name, which is incorrect.
Some ports support additional operations.
A porta is a passageway
Porta have plans to expand into Casablanca.
Portabello mushrooms are delicious, and have a texture that seems to really satisfy meat-eaters.
A portability is mobility
Portability allows an immediate measurement without sample conservation and preparation.
Portability allows applications to run on machines of different operating systems.
Portability allows the database or a subset of the database to used outside the office.
Portability also enables developers to share their work with a wider audience.
Portability also facilitates software reuse.
Portability can also be a factor.
Portability comes in very handy in programming.
Portability comes with a price tag.
Portability enables an individual to use the TADS materials virtually any time and any place.
Portability encourages ubiquity.
Portability fixes for other systems are extremely welcome.
Portability fixes to install commands.
Portability Go forward to Interface .
Portability has both a hardware and software aspect.
Portability implies stationary computing beyond the reach of convenient landlines.
Portability is a big plus for PDAs.
Portability is a bonus.
Portability is a concern.
Portability is a different matter.
Portability is a difficult problem that requires much anticipation on the part of the macro writer.
Portability is a fundamental factor in protecting the investment made in software and data.
Portability is a key benefit.
Portability is a key concern with any project.
Portability is a key consideration for our developers.
Portability is a key issue with customers, since it provides parents some mobility and freedom.
Portability is a major selling point of PDAs, but it is also a major access hurdle.
Portability is a plus in some applications.
Portability is a quality of the code that enables it to be built and run on a variety of platforms.
Portability is a very important enabling benefit.
Portability is also a major consideration when using the scanner on farm.
Portability is also available.
Portability is also important for warehousing purposes.
Portability is also the key reason for the success of software libraries.
Portability is an essential catalyst for the development of reusable parallel software.
Portability is an important concern give the short life time of current parallel computer systems.
Portability is an important consideration.
Portability is an issue.
Portability is an unthinkable nightmare.
Portability is another consideration.
Portability is another important factor.
Portability is another important feature.
Portability is another issue.
Portability is another shortfall.
Portability is attained by ignoring the target architectures as much as possible.
Portability is available for Participants terminating their employment.
Portability is definitely an issue for the security conscious.
Portability is designed into each application where it practical to do so.
Portability is designed to deal with urgent situations . . .
Portability is for canoes.
Portability is good.
Portability is here.
Portability is high on the list as well.
Portability is important for beta-testing at external sites.
Portability is important for escaping light polluted Albany.
Portability is important for users who are changing classes through out the day.
Portability is key.
Portability Is Key.
Portability is one of the first things to suffer.
Portability is one plus.
Portability is opposed to functionality .
Portability is subjective.
Portability is the ability of a program to be recompiled for another platform.
Portability is the issue.
Portability is the key to scalable applications.
Portability is the key.
Portability is the newest concept in today's computer world.
Portability is the primary benefit.
Portability is therefore a much more serious issue in parallel programming than in sequential.
Portability is typically either immaterial to project success or critical to the project's outcome.
Portability is vital, in view of the diversity of computer architectures.
Portability is what makes Web pads such a cool idea.
Portability is worth considering.
Portability makes long-term mortgages viable.
Portability makes the miniMusic software unique.
Portability means they're often used in research field programs.
Portability permits the students to use the laptops in class, in the library, or at home.
Portability recognizes our right of mobility.
Portability refers to the capability for software to run on different types of hardware.
Portability refers to the physical device.
Portability requires battery operation.
Portability requires user profiles to be portable across the same systems and communication points.
Portability seems to have been relegated to the scrap heap.
Portability simply comes with a steep price premium.
Portability Use the same solution across multiple platforms with minimal effort.
Portability usually means that the machine is more versatile and easier to re-sell.
Portable amplifiers strap onto the telephone handset.
Portable applications push the demand for light and small batteries with longer playtime.
Most portable applications are closed environments without fans, liquid cooled air, etc.
Portable bars are available as well as staging, sound systems, etc.
Portable bases make it easier to relocate dispensers.
Portable battery powered machines are also a nice option for remote courts without power.
Portable camcorders are available to faculty for field or classroom use.
Portable cameras have great potential for assisting other emergency services too.
Portable capability is a high priority of special operating forces.
Portable chain saws for woodworking.
Portable classrooms are some of the larger projects.
Portable commodes are available to guests on the second and third floors.
A portable computer is a microcomputer
Portable computers allow our lawyers to setup office anywhere.
Portable computers are desirable items that are portable .
Portable computers are even more prone to damage than desktops.
Portable computers are here to stay.
Portable computers are increasingly popular as they can be used in class and at home.
Portable computers are particularly susceptible to theft, even at airport security checkpoints.
Portable computers are personal computers.
Portable computers are still a very key, big thing.
Portable computers are still more expensive than equivalent desktop models.
Portable computers are such a hassle for college lectures.
Portable computers are too portable between the repair shop and the office.
Portable computers are very popular among people who travel, students and others.
Portable computers are welcome in the library.
Portable computers do have the advantage of being usable in any location.
Portable computers enable the formation of workgroups.
Portable computers rest on their laps.
Every portable computer is an exercise in compromise, a balancing act between form and features.
Many portable computers come equipped with removable hard drive.
Most portable computers have a trackball device included on the keyboard.
Some portable computers are now available with color monitors.
Some portable computers have poor sound recording hardware but good playback hardware.
Portable containers are acceptable.
Portable cots are available upon request.
Portable cribs are also very handy for taking to the beach or pool.
Portable cribs are available upon request.
Portable design features no screws to mess with.
Portable devices are available.
Portable devices are in use all over the world.
Portable devices call for a lot of features from the constituent components.
Portable devices can prompt the memory of persons who are severally mentally retarded.
Portable devices can prompt the memory of persons who are severely mentally retarded.
Portable devices run on batteries, and batteries die.
Some portable devices have screens.
Portable dishwashers can take up less space and are easy to move.
Portable display makes an attractive backdrop at shows, meetings, and seminars.
Portable documents are just what they sound like portable.
Portable documents are truly portable.
Portable drives cost more per GB than full size external firewire versions.
Portable equipment can run on batteries, to be recharged during the holiday.
Portable equipment includes tape recorders, microphones, and stands.
Portable equipment is available for field recordings.
Portable equipment is available for smaller classrooms.
Portable equipment is available to all classrooms by reservation.
Portable equipment is ineligible.
Portable equipment is needed for FEBC Russian reporters.
Portable equipment is needed for the Russian reporters.
Portable equipment is subject to damage.
Portable equipment is to be borrowed for very limited test setups.
Some portable equipment consists of motors.
Some portable equipment is also available for use in other buildings.
Portable executives can be a solution.
Portable extinguishers contain only limited quantities of extinguishing materials.
Many portable extinguishers discharge completely in as few as eight to ten seconds.
Most portable extinguishers discharge completely in as few as eight seconds.
Portable fans can push cool air into other rooms.
Portable fans remain the most expeditious solution to tepid temperatures.
Portable fans Use a portable fan as the cheapest way to keep cool.
Portable feeders are movable and are normally used for one to three sheep.
Portable filtration is the next best way to filter.
Portable financing challenges the economics which lenders use today.
Portable fire extinguishing equipment is available in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Portable floodlights are in use until then.
Portable flooring is required for events that include tap dancing or clogging.
Portable funding puts education within reach.
Portable gaming is for kids.
Portable gates expand and lock to secure any opening.
Portable generators are available for an addition cost.
Portable generators are available for emergency service.
Portable generators are welcome.
Portable generators can be hazardous if used improperly.
Portable Generators Can provide necessary electricity if the library is without power.
Portable generators provide charge.
Most portable generators provide charge.
Portable hand held candlers are great for checking eggs while they are still in the nestboxes.
Portable heaters are a big part of the problem.
Portable heaters are a major fire risk.
Portable heaters can also pose a fire hazard.
Portable heaters can be a special hazard.
Portable heaters can be dangerous if used improperly.
Portable heaters cause many fires.
Portable heaters contain oxygen depletion sensors.
Portable heaters contain sensors.
Portable heaters have thermostats.
Portable heaters pose two threats.
Portable heaters use oxygen and produce potentially toxic gases.
Most portable heaters contain oxygen depletion sensors.
Most portable heaters contain sensors.
Most portable heaters have thermostats.
Portable hoods are available for operating room use.
Portable information appliances rival PCs .
Portable instrument provides wider measurement range with larger, backlit display.
Portable instruments are available for student projects.
Portable instrumentation is available for massive specimens and field use.
Portable interceptors facilitate encryption and compression in secure applications.
Portable Internet is committed to meet the demanding needs of active, mobile individuals.
Portable interpreters provide machine independent execution platforms.
Portable labyrinths offer a convenient way to offer labyrinth walks.
Portable lathes allow machining of rotating elements with large engine tuggers.
Portable lights are available for occasions when films, slides, etc., are used.
Portable lighthouses have mobility.
Portable lighting is needed for the patron area before and after shows.
Portable lighting serves many functions.
Portable mammography is available to provide service on site.
Portable Meals Turn messy sandwiches into portable meals.
Portable mesh provides greater protection because it is see-through.
Most portable mixers have from three to six input channels.
Portable models are more popular than their home counterparts, but home models are gaining momentum.
Portable models are obtainable with digital readout.
Portable models are six-piece construction and easy to assemble.
Portable models are six-piece construction for easy assembly and disassembly.
Portable models are six-piececonstruction for easy assembly.
Some portable models have dimmers or two-way switches.
Portable mortgages have some strong advantages.
Most portable observatories are easy to assemble.
Portable operations are equally as easy to identify.
Portable outlet is DHCP enabled.
Portable oxygen is available for transport.
Portable perfusion shows reduction in perfusion in the right upper lobe.
Portable phone is in master suite.
Portable phones add another dimension of safety for a elderly family member.
Portable phones are tapped into, trash is picked through, and predators are always watching.
Portable phones can interfere with some electrical equipment.
Portable phones emit low levels of microwave radiation.
Portable plans can pose other costs for firms with high turnover.
Portable planetariums are also available for classroom use.
Portable players have limited storage because of the use of costly flash memory.
Portable printers are harder to work on that their desktop inkjet cousins.
Portable printers can roam seamlessly throughout a customer's facility for instant access.
Portable Printers Printing on the road can be essential to a mobile business person.
Portable prison moves in on trucks, gun tower, search lights.
Portable Projectors are the perfect traveling companions for mobile professionals.
Portable Radio Receives seven channels and has audio or visual alert, and telescoping antenna.
Portable radios are very useful.
Portable Radios feature rugged construction, small size and weight.
Portable radios have an internal antenna.
Portable radios have very little range.
Portable radios operate from batteries, and also are lower power then a mobile or base.
Portable ramps are available for access into the first floor galleries only.
Portable ramps are available to provide access to most buildings.
Portable readers permit scanning almost anywhere.
Portable receivers are available for hearing impaired people without a hearing aid T-switch.
Portable reports are also an ideal format for storing report files in an archival system.
Portable reports offer security, with encryption and password protection, and data compression.
Portable restrooms are available at the south park entrance.
Portable restrooms are available.
Portable scanners allow bar codes to be scanned anywhere.
Portable scanners allow files to be scanned directly to shelves.
Portable scanners are subject to more physical abuse and many have been dropped.
Portable Screen Provides viewing surface for projected images.
Portable screens are also available.
Portable size is packaged in rugged and attractive ABS plastic case.
Portable spas can be much more energy efficient than built-ins, but only if properly insulated.
Portable spas require a permit also.
Portable sprinklers are inexpensive and readily available.
Portable Stages Midwest portable stage units offer the best value on the market today.
All portable stands are factory assembles, ready to go hunting right out of the box.
Portable stations are available.
Portable stereos have non-slip grips and hard plastic shells.
Portable stoves are acceptable.
Portable system is easy to set up, and is the ideal solution for simple communications requirements.
Portable system lets one operator check for damage and condition without physical entry.
Portable systems can be a mobility hazard.
Portable systems can provide backup when the usual sound operator is unavailable.
Portable systems exhaust their batteries.
Portable systems exist in thirty-five classrooms, which each serve ten to forty students.
Portable systems improve early detection by making it more accessible to patients.
Most portable systems can supply two to eight hours of oxygen, depending upon which system is used.
All portable tables have a lifetime warranty which holds after a table is discontinued.
Portable tanks have the same operating and labeling requirements as drums.
Portable telephones are available in several members cars.
Portable telephones are popular because they provide instant communication.
Portable telephones are the curse of our house.
Portable televisions are available for hire.
Portable televisions can be extremely handy for smaller homes, dorm rooms, and even offices.
Portable terminals are inconvenient and slow.
Portable toilets accommodate the media horde and curious onlookers in front of the home.
Portable toilets are available.
Portable toilets are on all fields.
Portable toilets are on site, but no drinking water.
Portable toilets are still in use, due to ground saturation.
Portable toilets are within walking distance.
Portable toilets make up in quantity what they lack in quality.
Portable toilets result in more productive workers and happier event attendees.
Portable toilets save money, save time, and result in reduced labor costs.
Portable tools ensure that programs can run on a wide variety of parallel computing environments.
Portable trailers are available for press, scoring, administrative, and clerking activities.
Portable tray fits in most drawers, safes, or file cabinets.
Portable tree stands only, which are to be removed at end of the days hunt.
Portable unit is easy to install.
Portable units plug into a regular wall outlet and are manually filled.
Most portable units can use European power.
Portable users have one over-riding advantage.
Some portable users demand the highest possible speed they can get from a notebook computer.
Portable vacuums allow some of their dust to be expelled back into the house.
Portable version breaks down to the size of the basket.
Portable walls are available to offer maximum meeting flexibility.
Portable walls divide the room into activity areas.
Portable walls provide flexibility for accommodating large group functions.
Portable water is available in most areas of Belize but it is advisable to ask.
Portable wheelchair lifts for use in schools, churches, airports and railways.
Portable winches allow total flexibility of winch placement along the trailer side channel.
Portable winches are also available with set screws.
Portable work is usually at extreme temperatures.
A portable is a typewriter
Portables are also vulnerable to theft.
Portables are everywhere.
Portables are great for hotel rooms, especially if the portable has a fax capability.
Portables are here to stay.
Portables are more expensive in the long run.
Portables are smaller, more tightly constructed, have fewer windows and less ventilation.
Portables are typewriters.
Portables are typically a lot more expensive than their desktop counterparts.
Portables are usually more expensive than the desktop equivalent.
Portables do so faster than most desktops.
Portables fall under the same guidelines for heat and air as the school buildings.
Many portables now come with built-in wireless modems.
Some portables are also weather resistant, for boating, camping, hiking etc.
Portacaval anastomosis disrupts circadian locomotor activity and pineal melatonin rhythms in rats.
Portage County has a little bit of everything.
Portage County has everything to offer a great getaway.
Portage County has the largest rural Polish settlement in the United States.
Portage County is a farming community.
Portage Creek is located in a climatic transition zone.
Portage Creek is located in the Bristol Bay Recording District.
Portage Lake is a wonderful place for families, youth groups, senior groups, church groups . . .
Portage Lake is also great for fishing or boating and has a channel that leads into Lake Michigan.
Portage Lake is open to swimming and all other activities.
Portage Lake is the setting for a weekend with produce, food, crafts and dance demonstrations.
A portage is a road
Portage continues to be a regional shopping center.
Portage has data only for Probate cases.
Portage has great schools and housing, along with shopping and recreation.
Portage is a great location for business.
Portage is a home teaching scheme for pre-school children with special needs and their families.
Portage is a home visiting service for pre-school children with special educational needs.
Portage is advised.
Portage is also a traditionally strong club.
Portage is county seat of Columbia County Wisconsin.
Portage is high on the rocks on the right.
Portage is impossible in rafts.
Portage is on river right.
Portage is on the right.
Portage is poor for boaters at both dams.
Portage is that partner.
Portage is the county seat and largest city in the county .
Portage is the county seat and largest city in the county.
Portage is the largest city in Porter County, and it is also one of the youngest.
Portage is the largest city outside of Dane County in the Madison Metropolitan Area .
Portage is the largest city outside of Dane County in the Madison Metropolitan Area.
Portages are carry.
Portages are cost.
Portages are difficult with lava, brush and few trails.
Portages are fairly easy over the bouldery banks.
Portages are generally short with traverse level or slightly hilly terrain.
Portages are hard work.
Portages are necessary at three dams.
Portages are short.
Portages are software.
Portages are tracks.
Some portage is involved, and some of it is challenging.
Some portages run along roads, and they are wide and easy to walk.
Portal administrators can create category hierarchies with specific user types in mind.
Portal administrators can manage the entire system from the administrative back-end.
Portal administrators can quickly highlight news stories in appropiate areas throughout the site.
Portal advertising works the same way in that it s most effective when used creatively and fully.
Portal applications play a leading role in the optimization of e-business.
Portal circulation goes to the liver before returning to the general circulation.
Portal construction is a complex new design discipline.
Portal content can include raw data, processed reports, and links to other Web resources.
Portal content is also personalized based on user group preferences.
Some portal entrances are more obvious than others.
Portal holders are aware of the threat.
Portal hypertension correlates with the degree of phlebosclerosis.
Portal hypertension is caused by a blood clot.
Portal hypertension is caused by the scarring that occurs in cirrhosis.
Portal hypertension is diseases.
Portal hypertension is increased blood pressure in the veins of abdominal organs.
Portal hypertension is malignant hypertension
Portal hypertension is malignant hypertension.
Portal hypertension is the probable cause of the esophageal varices.
Portal integration is minimal.
Portal magic is very useful but difficult to attain.
Portal monitors can complete the screening process in a matter of seconds.
Portal obstruction is the commonest cause of well- marked ascitcs.
Portal pages are pages that are designed to place well in the search engine for a keyword or phrase.
Portal players continue making inroads.
Portal program is driven from a rapid implementation template and methodology.
Portal promotion intensifies.
Portal security ensures that transactions without valid session keys are denied.
Portal server is as easy as using an Internet search engine.
Portal service manages the storage of objects.
Portal services rely on advertisements for the largest portion of their revenues.
A portal site is a site
Portal sites are commodities, and commodities are hard to sell at a premium.
Portal sites are gateways to the Internet.
Portal sites are merely the beginning.
Portal sites are the current fashion.
Portal sites are very different to the ordinary static websites.
Portal sites are web sites.
Portal sites attempt to alleviate that difficulty by cataloging the content on the Web.
Portal sites come and go, site addresses change and in some places just. . .
Portal sites connect the user to other related websites on the internet.
Portal sites focus on one subject or theme.
All portal sites generate revenue from banner advertising.
Many portal sites look for specialists.
Many portal sites provide an option to customize the site according to the user's personal interest.
Most portal sites view themselves as new versions of Hollywood studios.
Portal software can be expensive depending on the product and a firm's existing systems.
Portal stones mark the northern entrance.
Portal strategies shift.
A portal system is a system
Portal system managed by one Name Server is called a domain.
Portal technology is currently in full migration to the field of e-business.
Portal technology is one the major elements of ITC implementation.
Portal technology is the first killer application for knowledge management.
Portal technology offers business the tools needed to access, extract, and analyze information.
A portal tomb is a monument
Portal tombs are less elaborate than court tombs but many have a more striking appearance.
Portal travel is represented by magenta lines, while walking travel is cyan.
Portal triads are a key feature of the organization of the liver.
Portal triads are indistinct and no lobular pattern can be made out.
Portal users get access to everything in one place.
Portal users know exactly what is going on each minute of the day.
A portal vein is a vein
Portal vein drains stomach, spleen, pancreas and intestines.
Portal vein is opened longitudinally.
Portal veins are veins.
Some portal vendors incorporate some level of document management in their systems.
Portal visitors have an easier time finding relevant results.
Portal website offers extensive content, instant messaging, chat and much more.
A portal is an entrance
Portal lets users search and retrieve information, as well as execute reports and queries.
Portals act as menus or tables of contents.
Portals allow users to simply pass through on the way to somewhere else.
Portals also are a good source of tax information because they tend to feature timely information.
Portals also enable companies to engage in e-business.
Portals also help companies recover from the institutional knowledge gap left by employee turnover.
Portals appear in the display as doors.
Portals appear in the local language, some also with an English version.
Portals appear to play a major role in the search for a book.
Portals are a first step towards a personalised services for users.
Portals are a good introduction to the range of services available.
Portals are a new concept, merging new technologies into a dynamic new information environment.
Portals are a popular wireless service provider offering.
Portals are a protective devices that are put around Earth.
Portals are actually just a phase.
Portals are advertising supported.
Portals are also fine-tuning their technology.
Portals are basically just another name for Web directories.
Portals are boundaries.
Portals are cavities.
Portals are channels to reach users.
Portals are cluttered and frankly, ugly.
Portals are collections of information of a similar type.
Portals are comparatively inexpensive and usually extensible, and new deployments are growing.
Portals are comprehensive information and service web sites.
Portals are doors with strange symbols on both sides.
Portals are effective ways to collect useful personal information.
Portals are entrances.
Portals are for organizing quality articles within a particular area of interest.
Portals are gateways in cyberspace which usher the user to a particular site.
Portals are gateways to a community of users, rich in content with e-commerce opportunities.
Portals are gateways to a community of users.
Portals are hot.
Portals are jumps, in a sense, from one space to another.
Portals are kind of like push, except that the information stays on the Web server.
Portals are mission-critical.
Portals Are No Aberration.
Portals are one-way.
Portals are online access points to information stored anywhere and everywhere in the company.
Portals are our industries benchmarks for speed, efficiency and costumer stickiness.
Portals are particularly eager to show that they're becoming more sophisticated.
Portals are platforms for corporate information publishing.
Portals are portals.
Portals are special areas where another part of the world is displayed.
Portals are the buzzword of the year.
Portals are the communication tool that helps organizations be responsive and relevant to members.
Portals are the current rage on the Net.
Portals are the killer apps of the dot-com age.
Portals are the latest revenue-generating scheme to sweep the Internet.
Portals are the latest Web craze in the news daily as objects of mergers and acquisitions.
Portals are the next big opportunity to make money on the Web.
Portals are the principal starting sites which surfers connect to when they start to surf the Web.
Portals are the single largest source of traffic for automaker and third-party sites.
Portals are the Web version of decision support systems and executive information systems.
Portals are too cluttered.
Portals are valuable technology that can assist with the business process.
Portals are very bad idea.
Portals are very expensive.
Portals are very popular methods for promoting products and services.
Portals are very powerful and a good idea.
Portals are video games.
Portals are Web sites that act as gateways to the Internet.
Portals are Web sites that are designed to be the entry point for Web surfers.
Portals are Web sites that compile a wide variety of content, services, and links to other sites.
Portals are web sites.
Portals are websites that bring together related services.
Portals are worth bilions, yet they're so easy to make.
Portals bring order to web chaos.
Portals can also act as buttons which initiate actions.
Portals can also perform special searches based on the content and user characteristics.
Portals can be specific and internal to a company, or open to the public via the Internet.
Portals can be the origin and destination for multiple links.
Portals can grow and have many areas of interest for the visitor.
Portals can search their own sites or the whole Internet.
Portals can serve multiple roles within a company and within a group of collaborating companies.
Portals can serve several different purposes.
Portals can turn themselves into independent advisors.
Portals come in many flavours.
Portals commonly command the highest pricing for banner ad placement.
Portals cover all doors onto patio.
Portals deliver high accessibility and unprecedented uptime.
Portals differ in how they charge.
Portals do e-holiday makeover.
Portals dominate Web advertising today because their sales costs are low.
Portals generally attract a large numbers of netizens.
Portals get their foot in the door.
Portals greatly improve upon the concept.
Portals have a per-query charge.
Portals have a publicly stated goal of providing equal access to all sites.
Portals hold promise for remote access to business-critical information, but obstacles remain.
Portals is a throwback - no big scene, no hot spots around the corner.
Portals lead to often unimagined destinations.
Portals let users create a customized portal page with preferred news, sports, weather, etc.
Portals look the same.
Portals make it easy to share documents and work in teams.
Portals obviously act as an Internet integrator.
Portals offer gateway for busines Click Here More Time for customers.
Portals offer new ways to leverage existing information and technology assets.
Portals offer privacy, universal access, and a streamlined registration process.
Portals only provide the news, etc. that the particular host wants to provide.
Portals organize, enable, empower, and simplify.
Portals pay a monthly fee that is less than a penny per query or per user.
Portals play the affiliate game too.
Portals pre-select the Web sites they display.
Portals propagate the whole idea of creating communities among perfect strangers.
Portals provide a broad array of net-based mental health resources for professionals and the public.
Portals provide a focal point for the mass of information available on the Internet.
Portals provide a focus for people with shared interests and common goals - a place to call home.
Portals provide a personalized view of knowledge based on the requirements of the consumer.
Portals provide a single point of entry to relevant information.
Portals provide additional views and filters of the information space.
Portals provide subject directories with internal as well as external links.
Portals provide such things as free email, useful links, search help etc.
Portals remain enormously popular.
Portals reuse all the basic polygon code .
Portals start with a busy first page that lists all the items a user can select.
Portals take center stage.
Portals threaten that.
Portals thus provide consistent entree to the Internet or an intranet.
Portals use the free home pages to get people to go to their sites and stick there.
Portals always point at the same destination.
Portals often offer additional services such as email, forums and chat rooms.
Portals often offer many other services as well.
Portals sometimes provide users with customization and personalization features.
Portals usually contain security features, are customizable and have search capabilities.
Many portals are directories of learning resources.
Many portals now offer options for online assessment.
Many portals provide free e-mail and chat services.
More Portals are one of the fastest-growing Web phenomena right now.
Most portals allow individuals to personalize their view of the portal.
Most portals also have search tools.
Most portals also offer a variety of services.
Most portals are acquired as a reward for completing area quests.
Most portals are general portals where a game section is just a part of the portal.
Most portals exist to generate advertising income for their owners.
Most portals have underlying component applications that serve as the driving force for the vendor.
Some portals are especially fond of house ads.
Some portals are purely topical.
Some portals give preference to paid submissions.
Some portals have specific guidelines for political advertising.
Some portals let users conduct business transactions.
Some portals offer e-mail, message boards and school and class web pages.
Some portals remain open while others can close temporarily from time to time.
Some portals target federal employees, others the general public.
Portaled blocks are dynamic blocks that can change from day to day.
Portaled blocks are section related and give the user addition information on a section.
Portcullis uprights rise through the gatehouse floor when it's raised.
Portes is a leading scholar whose research focuses on understanding major social change.
Ported products are feature-complete and fully tuned pieces of software.
Ported programs show no skill.
Ported sections are on the outsides, behind the amplifiers.
Ported vacuum is the choice of the factory.
Portent assumes no responsiblity or any liability for all user submited content.
Portent is a sign
Portents point to deadlocked decisions.
All portents point to celebration and added recognition today.
Porter County has no county income tax.
Porter County is a popular residence of many commuters to the City of Chicago.
Porter County offers a vast variety of activities for everyone.
A porter is a laborer
Porter cites law to duck TV program Two state senators.
Porter comes up with a nice way to get back at the crooked cops without resorting to bloodshed.
Porter confirms that many frustrated homeowners find refuge in neutrals.
Porter critisizes core competence, key success factors, revolution, and hypercompetition.
Porter cuts in.
Porter depends on Democratic votes to win the seat and asks for our support for re-election.
Porter does make a valuable point. . . .
Porter envisions a matchup between two teams with the capabilities to dominate.
Porter explores themes of birth and death, individuality and motherhood, order and chaos.
Porter fouls out.
Porter goes on to say there are four generic strategies that can be adopted by firms.
Porter hopes so, preferring strategy to tactics.
Porter hopes to have the display ready when students return in the fall.
Porter hopes to hire two assistant coaches in the near future.
Porter indicates a movable ivory plate in the chest region.
Porter is all for increasing access to technology at all levels of education.
Porter is double crossed after a heist and left for dead.
Porter is free after serving eight months of a twelve-month sentence for robbery.
Porter is home for one of the oldest, continuously operating pubs in the state.
Porter is in the Las Vegas Area.
Porter is project director for the academy.
Porter is responsible for managing the company's global finance organization.
Porter is right-handed.
Porter knows how difficult it can be to quit.
Porter lives in Louisville, Kentucky, and is a firefighter.
Porter never stops working.
Porter offers no other evidence of disability.
Porter remains ineligible after taking money from an agent.
Porter returns and leads the team in a locker room prayer.
Porter shares the restless feeling.
Porter slip ring design.
Porter soon resurfaces, reborn with a serious case of tunnel-vision.
Porter speaks from veteran experience.
Porter specializes in health, legislative and education issues.
Porter states that lyric poet was originally meant to be accompanied by music on the lyre.
Porter study questions .
Porter waits to cheer for a hammer.
Porter welcomes the enormous challenge polo offers.
Porters also expect tips for each piece of luggage.
Porters are ale.
Porters are also available and there are huts to stay in along the way.
Porters are also available.
Porters are an important part of the market's functioning.
Porters are an integral part of our African journey.
Porters are available for heavy luggage.
Porters are available if required.
Porters are available to carry extra items.
Porters are employees.
Porters are independent too.
Porters are laborers.
Porters are likely to dump their load as soon as they realise what they are carrying.
Porters are located in hotels.
Porters are on duty on each campus until very late, in some cases beyond midnight.
Porters are part of an association.
Porters are surprisingly sensitive to small amounts of excess.
Porters are to carry food and by-personal tents with basic mattresses only.
Porters are unskilled workers.
Porters are usually a bit lighter than stouts.
Porters assist with carrying packs.
Porters carry all loads, and dining tables and chairs.
Porters carry food and supplies.
Porters carry food and tents only, clients have to carry their sleeping bags and belongings.
Porters carry inhuman loads on their shoulders with nothing more than rope and a bamboo stave.
Porters carry vaccine supplies in ice-packed coolers along Nepal's mountain trails.
Porters cost less.
Porters escort guests to their rooms when the bellhop is busy.
Porters exchange blows over who gets to lug a suitcase.
Porters flip flop past, invisible behind their huge loads.
Porters have a great many functions.
Porters help travelers with loads of luggage.
Porters is the largest manufacturer canoe parts and accessories in the United States.
Porters suffer from hunger, malnutrition, disease, and exhaustion.
Porters work at relatively low altitudes, ferrying loads to base camp.
Porters often prefer to carry equipment in sacks on their heads.
Porters often set up rooms for conferences and meetings.
Porters usually accept payment in the form of pizza and beer.
Portfolio allocations have their own evolution as contributions are made, or tax rates change.
Portfolio analysis is limited to gains and losses.
Portfolio assessment allows a new measurement and perspective of student progress.
Portfolio assessment can be inclusive of all students, including English language learners.
Portfolio assessment can become limiting if it is used too exclusively.
Portfolio assessment has several benefits for students.
Portfolio assessment helps students reflect on their work.
Portfolio assessment is a type of evaluation that involves building a collection of learner work.
Portfolio assessment is another option.
Portfolio assessment is focused on the process, as well as the final product.
Portfolio assessment is now available as well.
Portfolio assessment is utilized throughout the primary grades.
Portfolio assessment meets the needs of our adult learners.
Portfolio assessment occurs in the second half of the second semester.
Portfolio assessment places new and different demands on teachers and learners.
Portfolio assessment promotes student involvement in, and responsibility for, their own learning.
Portfolio assessment provides in depth information regarding student progress.
Portfolio assessment takes commitment by all stakeholders.
Portfolio assessments can be valuable and are becoming more popular in higher education.
Portfolio companies view our board presence as a source of substantial value.
All portfolio companies demonstrate some element of innovation.
Portfolio diversification is an important investment consideration.
Portfolio insurance assumes quick trades.
Portfolio insurance is designed to be an optimal way to beat the market.
Portfolio investment aims more at financial gains than at reconstructing the Russian economy.
Portfolio investment fluctuates around a steady level, with a few anomalies.
Portfolio investment is financial investment without management control for a financial return.
Portfolio investment is more speculative than direct investment.
Portfolio investment is necessary, even of the short-term kind.
Portfolio investment returns measurement software.
Portfolio investments are much clearer, but setting up a manufacturing unit is very complicated.
Portfolio management attempts to define and deal with investment risk.
Portfolio management is a dynamic process.
Portfolio management is a field unto itself.
Portfolio management is a process that many companies already use, in some fashion.
Portfolio management is an important component of many courses the department offers.
Portfolio management is an integral part of investing.
Portfolio management is another of our top priorities.
Portfolio management is highly collaborative.
Portfolio management is introduced as a framework for developing security pricing models.
Portfolio managers are analysts.
Portfolio managers are money managers.
Portfolio managers are professionals responsible for the securities portfolio.
Portfolio managers are self-employed, under contract to the company.
Portfolio managers buy companies exclusively from the list, eliminating subjective decision-making.
Portfolio managers can develop customized screening determined by their clients special interests.
Portfolio managers do it all the time.
Portfolio managers face that same challenge.
Portfolio managers have, in effect, become forced buyers of important listed companies.
Portfolio managers spend much of their time monitoring and rebalancing existing portfolios.
Portfolio managers tend to mix beer and wine stocks with positions in food or other consumer shares.
Portfolio managers work for mutual funds, pension funds and wealthy private investors.
Every portfolio manager has a stated investment style.
Most portfolio managers are bullish about much of North Asia and quite bearish about South Asia.
Portfolio optimization is used by quant shops to balance risk and return.
Portfolio strategy is personalized.
Portfolio theory is covered.
Portfolio theory is flawed .
Portfolio theory is still a young discipline.
Portfolio theory suggests life-cycle investing can be optimal in some circumstances.
A portfolio is a case
Portfolio builds over four years.
Portfolio can also search for key words inside documents.
Portfolio can also search for keywords inside graphical documents.
Portfolio can be in either slide or digital format.
Portfolio careers Combining activities to support an artistic practice.
Portfolio carrying case keep supplies neat and tidy.
Portfolio contains a host of useful tools, like charting, today's trades and stock discussions.
Portfolio contains artifacts from a student's general education experience.
Portfolio contains both digital and traditional media.
Portfolio contains lists giving sources.
Portfolio contains prints available for sale.
Portfolio dates to be announced.
Portfolio demonstrates ability to plan, focus, organize, develop, revise, and document essays.
Portfolio demonstrates thoughtful, in-depth reflection on processes and products.
Portfolio drop off, smoke signals, sign language, trained gorillas or mailings.
Portfolio features watercolor, block prints, lithographs, mural art and more.
Portfolio features watercolor, blockprints, lithographs, mural art and more.
Portfolio Find people.
Portfolio helps take the madness and make it accessible and organized.
Portfolio holdings through most recent portfolio report.
Portfolio includes affordable and age restricted housing.
Portfolio includes evening, athletic and sswimsuit wear.
Portfolio includes leadership vision, educational philosophy, and professional resume.
Portfolio includes menu, web page, CD cover and product design.
Portfolio includes mining companies.
Portfolio includes performance based contracting, remote monitoring and lifetime services.
Portfolio is available on request.
Portfolio is available upon request.
Portfolio is due next session.
Portfolio link next to programs.
Portfolio makes it easy to see all the photos in one place by creating thumbnails.
Portfolio needs to be completed and turned in the first day of final exam period.
Portfolio provides quick and easy solutions for viewing and customizing digital images.
Portfolio puts strategic emphasis on the dynamics of knowledge value.
Portfolio ranges between studio apartments and more substantial family real estate.
Portfolio ranges from commercial photography to one of a kind weddings.
Portfolio return as well as account.
Portfolio review Advanced studies in industrial design.
Portfolio review Advanced studies in textile styling.
Portfolio review before registering for the final project.
Portfolio review prior to registration.
Portfolio reviews as a means of quality control in programs of interior design.
Portfolio reviews in the morning, interviews in the afternoon.
Portfolio reviews twice a year.
Portfolio shows growth.
Portfolio shows little precision.
Portfolio shows some precision.
Portfolio turns over every three years.
Portfolios act as a compilation of a student's work based on a variety of criteria.
Portfolios allow children to see a progression in their work throughout the school year.
Portfolios allow faculty the opportunity to mentor students as they pursue topics of interest.
Portfolios allow students to demonstrate their multi-tasking capabilities.
Portfolios also allow for students' reflection on their progress and quality of work.
Portfolios also allow students to see themes and progress in their writing.
Portfolios also are a vehicle for involving students directly in self-assessment.
Portfolios also can include examples of literacy tasks outside of class.
Portfolios also contain high-quality fixed income securities.
Portfolios also contribute to teacher growth.
Portfolios also facilitate personal and collaborative goal setting .
Portfolios also have value as facilitators of shared or collaborative evaluation .
Portfolios also help students develop skills necessary for life-long learning.
Portfolios also provide feedback for improvement to students.
Portfolios also serve as student based history of schooling itself.
Portfolios are ' collections of artifacts of students ' learning experiences assembled over time.
Portfolios are a collection of learner work over time.
Portfolios are a compilation of artifacts and documents in a variety of mediums.
Portfolios are a gathering of selected art work.
Portfolios are a great way to establish communication between a teacher and a student.
Portfolios are a logical way to document the course.
Portfolios are a mix of static and dynamic content.
Portfolios are a record of the activities undertaken over time in the development of a product.
Portfolios are a significant part of assessment.
Portfolios are a step toward a more public, professional view of teaching.
Portfolios are a wonderful mechanism for inviting students into assessment cycles.
Portfolios are also an issue.
Portfolios are also good to use for assessing inclusive children.
Portfolios are also useful for representing oneself to a potential graduate school or employer.
Portfolios are also valuable tools for teachers to chart their professional careers.
Portfolios are an alternative to traditional assessment.
Portfolios are an authentic component that can be added to the whole assessment process.
Portfolios are back in style.
Portfolios are better than tests.
Portfolios are both practical and effective because of the rubrics used.
Portfolios are broadly diversified, both by industry sectors and individual companies.
Portfolios are cases.
Portfolios are collections of selected student work representing an array of performance.
Portfolios are collections of student work representing a selection of performance.
Portfolios are collections of student work that are used to assess their knowledge and skill.
Portfolios are due at the beginning of each lecture.
Portfolios are due at the end of a trimester for the advising credit.
Portfolios are due at the start of class .
Portfolios are due on date listed.
Portfolios are due on the day of a a student's presentation.
Portfolios are due.
Portfolios are dynamic.
Portfolios are especially important for job interviews.
Portfolios are extremely useful for parent conferences.
Portfolios are functions.
Portfolios are good for one year.
Portfolios are great tools for all kinds of artists.
Portfolios are groups of related objects.
Portfolios are just one form of authentic assessment of both students and teachers.
Portfolios are limited to common stocks only.
Portfolios are lists.
Portfolios are more than student folders.
Portfolios are notoriously difficult to compile.
Portfolios are now a growing trend in many other career fields as well.
Portfolios are one of the more common forms of alternative assessment.
Portfolios are one type of performance assessment that is becoming increasingly popular in schools.
Portfolios are one way to organize expectations to help maximize the feedback aspect of evaluation.
Portfolios are ongoing, ever changing artifacts of students' understandings and attitudes.
Portfolios are only one form of authentic assessment.
Portfolios are optional for part-time faculty.
Portfolios are performance based and offers the reader evidence of expertise and experience.
Portfolios are powerful and effective sales tools many small-business owners overlook.
Portfolios are preferred.
Portfolios are sets.
Portfolios are subject to change and availability.
Portfolios are the best tool for assessment.
Portfolios are the vehicle for exhibiting what has been accomplished during the review period.
Portfolios are to be kept by each student.
Portfolios are to be sent in a shipping case.
Portfolios are to be sent to the instructor through the IT department office.
Portfolios are to be submitted at the end of the semester for the computation of final grades.
Portfolios are to be submitted for evaluation early in the program of study.
Portfolios are to be updated on a yearly basis.
Portfolios are typically time-consuming for teachers to review and evaluate.
Portfolios are unique and valuable means of communication between the teacher and others.
Portfolios are updated and available on a daily basis.
Portfolios are updated and results charted automatically.
Portfolios are useful as an ongoing measure of student work.
Portfolios are very helpful for grading.
Portfolios are very similar to scrapbooks.
Portfolios are widely diversified across countries and industries.
Portfolios assist at interviews and also at performance appraisals.
Portfolios begin for all newly declared majors.
Portfolios boost self-esteem as a visual representation of accomplishments and goals reached.
Portfolios can also be an essential strategy in building students' self-assessment skills.
Portfolios can assist teachers in evaluating their own teaching methods and materials.
Portfolios can be a useful way of collecting evidence of learning to meet a learning contract.
Portfolios can be an alternative or an addition to transcripts for the college admission process.
Portfolios can be copies of work put into a binder, artwork, or even a web site.
Portfolios can be difficult to score, but they contain a lot of important information.
Portfolios can be individual or institutional.
Portfolios can be useful for prospective employers, student teaching supervisors, and advisors.
Portfolios can consist of one to infinite amount of stocks.
Portfolios can consist of written samples such as stories, reports, poems, etc.
Portfolios can consume a large amount of space in a classroom.
Portfolios can demonstrate a wide range of interests or a narrowly focused body of work.
Portfolios can foster a culture of teaching and a new discourse about it.
Portfolios can foster a culture of teaching and new discourse about it.
Portfolios can fulfil the requirements of good literacy practice.
Portfolios can get out of whack when markets take off in one direction or the other.
Portfolios can grow and carry into the learners work life beyond the school environment.
Portfolios can have a profound impact but only if done with the right attitude.
Portfolios can help capture the complexities of teaching.
Portfolios can include number of shares owned, transaction prices, and commission costs.
Portfolios can prompt more reflective practice and improvement.
Portfolios can provide views of student growth and invite self- evaluation.
Portfolios capture students' progress and provide insight into their development.
Portfolios capture the complexity of teaching.
Portfolios Click on link for description and order form.
Portfolios collect writing samples that range across different subjects and purposes.
Portfolios combine curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Portfolios come in three basic styles.
Portfolios consist of at least twenty pages of writing.
Portfolios contain examples of children's work at different time periods in a school year.
Portfolios continue to offer powerful possibilities for improving teaching and learning.
Portfolios demonstrates examples of data integrations performed.
Portfolios do present difficulties.
Portfolios enable evaluation and assessment in a variety of settings.
Portfolios enable students to address their learning in terms of process rather than products.
Portfolios enable students to grow personally through their reflection and experience in leadership.
Portfolios enhance student-centered classrooms.
Portfolios generally require four to five classroom-based exercises.
Portfolios give a student the opportunity to self-assess themselves.
Portfolios give parents a chance to become involved with, and informed of their child's education.
Portfolios have much to offer the student and the college.
Portfolios have two main uses, both of which involve evaluation.
Portfolios help build self-awareness, for example.
Portfolios help prepare students for the world of work in three ways.
Portfolios help students develop kills necessary for life-long learning.
Portfolios indicate progress over time.
Portfolios integrate instruction and assessment.
Portfolios invite reflection - from students and staff.
Portfolios invite reflection from students and staff.
Portfolios let teachers know their students better and keep track of how they're progressing.
Portfolios listed above are full-size.
Portfolios needing a second reader require two passing grades of C or higher to pass the course.
Portfolios now say whether the person has a photo on the web.
Portfolios offer meaningful opportunities for self-analysis and assessment.
Portfolios offer the additional benefit of involving students in the assessment process.
Portfolios offers a complete curriculum for implementing online, digital portfolios.
Portfolios place responsibility for evaluating teaching in the hands of faculty.
Portfolios place students and their understandings at the center of the learning process.
Portfolios present an artist's work, professionalism, history and overall style.
Portfolios present another option for a talent search in the classroom.
Portfolios present some challenges when it comes to assessment beyond the classroom, however.
Portfolios produce richer, cross-sectional data.
Portfolios promote internal reflection on an individuals beliefs, values and roles.
Portfolios provide a collection of student work , which shows efforts and progress.
Portfolios provide an excellent means of assessment for teachers and employers.
Portfolios provide authentic assessment.
Portfolios provide evidence of academic progress .
Portfolios provide evidence of the scope and qualiyt of an individual s professional performance.
Portfolios provide information to use for a comprehensive assessment of a student's development.
Portfolios provide opportunities for students to demonstrate their personal attributes.
Portfolios provide students with hands-on experience.
Portfolios range in size from five million dollars to one billion dollars.
Portfolios remain fully invested at all times.
Portfolios require demonstrations of the creation of meaningful learning experiences.
Portfolios See artists' portfolios . . .
Portfolios seem like a wonderful idea to use for assessment.
Portfolios serve some additional important purposes.
Portfolios set high standards for teachers, students, parents, and administrators.
Portfolios show a building of skills and is a cumulative, developmental project.
Portfolios show examples of a student's work over time.
Portfolios show student growth over time and include student self-evaluation and reflection.
Portfolios show where a child has been and what they have accomplished.
Portfolios Start with the most recent, most complex, best work, most complete project.
Portfolios tend to be well-organized.
Portfolios undergo a quality control check for their values on a monthly basis.
Portfolios used for educational purposes are quite different.
Portfolios vary according to the faculty member and the teaching circumstances involved.
Portfolios vary by career field, experience, personal taste and scope.
Portfolios vary depending on the individual.
Portfolios usually contain at least a weeks worth of work.
Portfolios usually contain only a few issues at most.
Every portfolio contains a hidden index exposure.
Every portfolio has a tapeworm.
Every portfolio needs a healthy dose of growth.
Every portfolio needs an uptic.
Many portfolios hold above-average levels of cash reserves.
Most portfolios are comparable to three credit hours.
Most portfolios are either process and product portfolios.
Most portfolios are only slightly weaker than a year ago.
Most portfolios have an average maturity of five to seven years.
Most portfolios involve a minimum preparation period of six months.
Some portfolios are even multimedia affairs.
Some portfolios have an earlier due date.
Some portfolios have one or more outcomes covering all the agencies within the portfolio.
Some portfolios offer technical alerts as well.
A porthole is an opening
Portholes are just above water level.
Every porthole is there, every scrap of torn hull.
A portiere is a curtain
Portieres can be especially useful in vacation homes, which often have small, open, multiuse spaces.
Portings are computer programming.
Portion control is a key element to moderation.
Portion control is also important.
Portion control is also key.
Portion control is an important aspect of eating at home.
Portion control is another biggy while trying to eat right when dining out.
Portion control is another important tool for achieving good nutrition.
Portion control is difficult.
Portion control is important for calorie control.
Portion control is important in any food service operation.
Portion control is important.
Portion control is just as important as buying and preparing lean.
Portion control is necessary in every facet of our life.
Portion control is never more important than with dried fruits.
Portion control is one of the best ways to keep within the budget.
Portion control is one of the keys to successful weight loss and weight management.
Portion control is really number one.
Portion control is the first priority.
Portion control is the key to most holiday meals.
Portion control is the key.
Portion control is thus automatic.
Portion control needs to be the cornerstone of any nutrition plan that is focused on weight loss.
Portion controls are essential.
Portion size continues to be an issue for fullservice restaurants.
Portion size counts.
Portion size is a consideration.
Portion size is also key to any healthy eating plan.
Portion size is an equally important consideration on the new American plate.
Portion size is an important aspect of a healthful diet.
Portion size is another concern.
Portion size is especially important for higher fat foods like meat, oils, and full fat dairy.
Portion size is important.
Portion size makes a big difference.
Portion size plays an important part in diet management.
Portion sizes are classic too.
Portion sizes are for home use.
Portion sizes are generous.
Portion sizes are large and growing larger each year.
Portion sizes are larger.
Portion sizes are legendary.
Portion sizes are modest and attractively arranged with some sort of garnish.
Portion sizes are often larger than necessary - ask for a doggy bag rather than eating too much.
Portion sizes are sometimes a problem at Italian restaurants.
Portion sizes are very important.
Portion sizes depend on the age, gender, and activity level of the individual.
Portion sizes range from one ounce to three ounces.
Portion sizes vary depending on the item.
Portion sizes vary with the type of food and meal.
Some portion size increases over years.
A portion is a relation
Portion cookies onto a greased cookie sheet.
Portion eggs into lightly oiled omelette pans and cook until set.
Portion eggs into omelette pan and cook until set.
Portion eggs into omelette pans and cook until set.
Portion eggs into preheated non-stick omelette pans with a small amount of oil.
Portion eggs into sauteed spinach and cook to form omelet.
Portion isa relation.
Portion touching the soil is cleared of leaves.
Portions also go to municipalities and counties to offset lost tax revenue.
Portions are a little small though.
Portions are abundant, prices are moderate and service is more than considerate.
Portions are accessible for photography, fishing, hunting, horseback riding, hiking, and boating.
Portions are accessible to non-motorized chairs.
Portions are all generous and service is brisk and friendly.
Portions are also available in Spanish.
Portions are always plentiful and food is very fresh.
Portions are ample and all the traditional combinations are represented.
Portions are ample and inexpensive.
Portions are ample, and prices reasonable.
Portions are ample, but the kitchen can fumble on some of the more complex dishes.
Portions are astounding and the prices are petite.
Portions are available for review by appointment.
Portions are available for viewing.
Portions are available on the Internet.
Portions are average or maybe a little larger.
Portions are big and gue sts are automatically served a small plate of spicy Korean appetizers.
Portions are big and wide.
Portions are big enough for two.
Portions are big in the way that Alaska is big.
Portions are big.
Portions are bountiful, the food's good and prices are below market value for North Naples.
Portions are closed to all traffic.
Portions are copious, the wine flows, and everyone has a wonderful time.
Portions are currently available.
Portions are customizable.
Portions are difficult.
Portions are enormous and be warned, the deserts are for beanstalk giants.
Portions are enormous and suggested to be shared between two or more guests, family-style.
Portions are enormous.
Portions are extremely generous, as food costs are much higher than industry standards.
Portions are generous and a la carte dishes come with rice and nan.
Portions are generous and artfully presented.
Portions are generous and come garnished with creamy cole slaw.
Portions are generous and deftly prepared, with freshly made pasta.
Portions are generous and families are a regular part of the clientel.
Portions are generous and moderately priced.
Portions are generous and pleasing to the eye, while side dishes are fresh and hearty.
Portions are generous and prices are low.
Portions are generous and prices are modest.
Portions are generous and prices are reasonable.
Portions are generous and quality unbeatable.
Portions are generous and service friendly.
Portions are generous and student satisfaction is high.
Portions are generous and the service is friendly, although a bit relaxed.
Portions are generous compared to similar restaurants of the same price range.
Portions are generous enough to satisfy the heartiest of appetites.
Portions are generous enough to serve two.
Portions are generous food is both tasty and authentically Cuban.
Portions are generous for the price.
Portions are generous without being wasteful.
Portions are generous, and prices are reasonable.
Portions are generous, as well.
Portions are generous, food is basic but good.
Portions are generous, sauces rich.
Portions are generous, service is professional and atmosphere is pleasant.
Portions are generous, so bring along a huge appetite.
Portions are generous, so come hungry.
Portions are generous, so plan on taking something home or eating well.
Portions are generous, the flavours sensational, leaving little room for dessert.
Portions are generous, the ingredients fresh and the prices reasonable.
Portions are generous, too.
Portions are generous.
Portions are generously over-sized and come with a vegetable garnish.
Portions are gigantic and the food is outrageously good.
Portions are good and very reasonably priced.
Portions are hearty and the coffeepot appears frequently.
Portions are hearty, the menu extensive, and the ingredients fresh no matter the season.
Portions are huge and the food is creatively presented.
Portions are huge and the menu is authentic.
Portions are huge and the service is excellent.
Portions are huge at the no-nonsense storefront, so go with a crowd.
Portions are huge so beware of ordering too much.
Portions are huge, and no one notices.
Portions are huge, so consider sharing.
Portions are huge.
Portions are hugh and prices are low.
Portions are humongous.
Portions are in French, Russian, and Latin.
Portions are in the packet.
Portions are increidably small though, especially the appetizers.
Portions are just right for young children and foods are easy to pick-up and eat.
Portions are just right, and without exception balanced among flavors, colors and textures.
Portions are kinda small but the food itself was adequate.
Portions are large and a generous selection of nicely prepared vegetables are included.
Portions are large and desserts are hearty too.
Portions are large and everything is delicious.
Portions are large and prices are modest.
Portions are large and the inside kitsch blends well with it's Fremont location.
Portions are large and there is a good selection of wines and deserts.
Portions are large enough to warrant a doggie bag.
Portions are large, and all meals are under five pounds.
Portions are large, and come at downright reasonable prices.
Portions are large, and served so hot that a trail of steam follows the cart across the dining room.
Portions are large, but the plate is too small to negotiate the syrup transfer.
Portions are large, especially the side dishes, so share.
Portions are large, quality is excellent and prices are reasonable.
Portions are large, the atmosphere friendly and informal.
Portions are large.
Portions are mammoth.
Portions are minute, yet precise, geometric, three-dimensional.
Portions are modest.
Portions are more than adequate and can often be plenty for two people to share.
Portions are more than ample, and served beautifully.
Portions are mostly small and dishes unimaginitive.
Portions are mountainous.
Portions are now online with additions added monthly.
Portions are on a boardwalk that is handicap-accessible.
Portions are on the small side.
Portions are open to all, other parts require subscription.
Portions are open to mountain biking.
Portions are open to the public now.
Portions are overgrown, but other stones are easily found.
Portions are plentiful and very, very good.
Portions are plentiful, prices are reasonable to cheap, cheap, cheap.
Portions are plentiful.
Portions are probably three times more than normal.
Portions are public domain.
Portions are quite large and tasteful.
Portions are relevant to authors, vendors, sysops, end-users, etc.
Portions are reproducible for classroom use.
Portions are small but delicious.
Portions are small, but very tasty.
Portions are small.
Portions are so generous, leftovers are a given.
Portions are so large two people can easily share one lunch order.
Portions are steep with many switchbacks.
Portions are still incomplete.
Portions are still under construction and some of the road is toll.
Portions are still under construction, but take a look around.
Portions are still under construction.
Portions are substantial, and the food can be good.
Portions are substantial.
Portions are too big.
Portions are too small for the buck and the food is bland and about on par with a typical diner.
Portions are too small.
Portions are usually enormous.
Portions are vast.
Portions are very generous and at very reasonable prices, also.
Portions are very graphic.
Portions are very small.
Portions are very substantial.
Portions are well seasoned and mighty for the price.
Portions can be petite.
Portions can be very small.
Portions can resemble a lens, an overlay, or they can be a full screen.
Portions come vacuum packaged.
Portions contain enough detail to hold as a reference.
Portions contain small print.
Portions copyrighted by individual contributers, see the distribution for details.
Portions diminish with each new set of friends at the door until it s down to one cookie per person.
Portions have a nearly pristine boreal wilderness character.
Portions here are enormous.
Portions here are immense, and it is impossible to leave unsatisfied.
Portions lean toward lunch-size.
Portions read like a suspense novel.
Portions refer to languages in which at least one book of the Bible has been published.
Portions remain part of English law.
Portions start to creep up in size, and more sweets find their way into our diets.
Portions still exist.
Portions tend to be ample.
Portions tend to be distinctly generous here, incidentally.
Portions tend to be generous, and elaborate buffets are common at hotels and lodges.
Portions tend to be large, share a dish if possible.
Portions tend to be particularly generous, with doggy bags standard issue in many establishments.
All portions are completely visible and legible.
All portions are generous and inexpensive.
All portions are generous and the Outback encourages sharing at no extra charge for a second plate.
All portions are measured, so there is no waste.
All portions are recombined after coupling and the synthesis cycle is completed.
All portions coming from the backroom kitchen appear generous.
Every portion is highly relevant and highly important.
Every portion throws light on all the others.
Many portions are still under construction.
Many portions seem to be under construction however.
Most portions are on the small side, but the noodle dishes are fairly filling.
Some portions are absolutely terrific.
Some portions are particularly beautiful.
Some portions are private and access is by site administrator only.
Some portions are small.
Some portions are steep and have poor footing.
Some portions are still incomplete.
Some portions are unsuitable for horses.
Some portions are very short and some are very long.
Some portions are well developed and access is via private property.
Some portions follow forest service and log haul roads.
Some portions necessarily get intensely technical.
Some portions require a password to enter.
Some portions require excellent stamina, fitness, and endurance.
Some portions sound like someone pounding a wrench against a fire hydrant or mailbox.
Portland street is the first turning on the left.
Portrait orientation is taller than it is wide, just like a painting of someone's portrait.
A portrait painter is a painter
Portrait painters remain true to the original, but soften unflattering blemishes.
Portrait painting has a distinguished history.
Portrait painting limits the artist's compositional skills.
Portrait painting requires greatest responsibility compared to other painting genres.
Portrait paintings are usually best when a live sitting can be arranged.
Portrait paintings reflect the ideas of the painters as well as the rendering of the subject.
Portrait photographers take pictures of individuals or groups of people.
Portrait photographers take pictures.
Portrait photographers work in studios.
Most portrait photographers take pictures.
Most portrait photographers work in studios.
Portrait photography creates a likeness and delineation of character in people.
Portrait photography is also available.
A portrait is characterization
Portrait allows scientists to monitor global plant life for the first time.
Portrait aquariums, lamp tanks and desk aquariums.
Portrait aquariums, lamp tanks and desktop aquariums.
Portrait describes an image which is taller than it is wide.
Portrait Has the largest dimension of the paper size aligned vertically.
Portrait is a lovely, lyric work in the British folk-song style.
Portrait is a page orientation in which the width of the page is narrower than the length.
Portrait is a site registration system.
Portrait is accented with three single cut diamonds.
Portrait is dedicated to Jasper.
Portrait is delivered, and full payment is due.
Portrait is fine for transparencies.
Portrait is nicely detailed for grade, column on reverse is clear.
Portrait is of a woman with red and white flowing robe standing on balcony.
Portrait is paid in full only if buyer is satisfied with result.
Portrait is perhaps a bit too severe and elevated.
Portrait is the best.
Portrait is the default but can be explicitly set too.
Portrait is the default layout.
Portrait is the default.
Portrait isa icon.
Portrait isa image.
Portrait isa picture.
Portrait represents ca.
Portrait shows some detail of animal body part on human body.
Portrait sketches at the end.
Portraits also make excellent keepsakes, gifts, and application photos.
Portraits also make the most unique and special gifts.
Portraits also represent the love of one human being for another.
Portraits are a high point.
Portraits are a little smaller, and they're animated.
Portraits are a traditional element on bank notes.
Portraits are a wonderful gift for a loved one or for the person who seems to have everything.
Portraits are albums.
Portraits are all quite recognizable as their subjects but the styles are still just a bit off.
Portraits are an ancient and powerful means of communication.
Portraits are available as gouache paintings or ink drawings.
Portraits are available in oil, watercolor, pastels, charcoal, pencil, terra cotta or plaster.
Portraits are available in terra-cotta, plaster, and bronze.
Portraits are available upon request.
Portraits are best to start with.
Portraits are by appointment only.
Portraits are by appointment.
Portraits are head and neck unless specified elsewhere and are painted on pastel paper.
Portraits are head and neck unless specified elsewhere and are painted on watercolor paper.
Portraits are head and shoulders unless specified elsewhere and are painted on watercolor paper.
Portraits are imagery.
Portraits are in graphite on quality art board.
Portraits are like a book.
Portraits are located in walls.
Portraits are no more only for special persons, such as aristocrats or well-known people.
Portraits are of family.
Portraits are of Vermonters who are anachronisms in their lifetime.
Portraits are oil painted and the format varies.
Portraits are our speciality, especially enlargements and retouching of old prints.
Portraits are our specialty.
Portraits are pictures of people.
Portraits are still in the works for the new additions to the collection.
Portraits are stunningly beautiful.
Portraits are the best photographs to portray controlled lighting.
Portraits are the litmus-paper of the artist's painting technique.
Portraits bear the unmistakable stamp of their characters and the force of their personalities.
Portraits belong on walls.
Portraits can be fun.
Portraits can be in any medium, oils, watercolours,drawings, sculptures, silhouettes or photographs.
Portraits can depict more than one person, only the sitter's face, or the sitter's entire body.
Portraits Click on images to see full size.
Portraits come in many poses.
Portraits constitute a special iconographic category exclusively used in royal coinage.
Portraits depict the strength of weather-worn farmers.
Portraits do burn out.
Portraits dominate the book.
Portraits hang on walls.
Portraits have (part) sections.
Portraits is more dedicated to images with a lot of smooth tones.
Portraits lead to Still-lifes.
Portraits Learn about how people have been portrayed in various time periods.
Portraits make excellent gifts .
Portraits make great gifts for family and friends.
Portraits make great graduation, wedding and anniversary gifts.
Portraits make wonderful birthday gifts, anniversary gifts and wedding gifts.
Portraits make wonderful gifts or cherished memorials.
Portraits present wide-ranging opportunities and challenges for artists.
Portraits require a different approach.
Portraits show a sensitive man.
Portraits show it being worn, often as part of an embroidered item or as surface ornamentation.
Portraits shown here are finely detailed hand drawn charcoals.
Portraits take on a porcelain quality.
Portraits tell stories of special moments captured with spirit, pencil and observation.
Portraits View the biography pages of selected music teachers and their studios.
Portraits often reflect the inner working of the soul.
All portraits are final.
All portraits are for sale.
All portraits are in color, except the head coach.
All Portraits come with a mat and unframed.
Every portrait is self-portrait.
Every portrait tells a story.
Many portraits appear so natural that one can almost sense the temperature and odor of the subject.
Many portraits are in the personal papers collections.
Many portraits hang there that none seem to trouble themselves about.
More portraits are in public and corporate collections, including universities, hospitals and banks.
Most portraits hang on walls.
Most portraits reflect pride and memory from the homeland.
Most portraits require six weeks of soul and brush to complete.
Some portraits display in museums.
Some portraits hang in offices.
Some portraits have additional tabs which allow visitors to explore other aspects of interest.
Some portraits show family groups and members of wealthy Chicago families.
A portraiture is a picturing
Portraiture dates back even to the early Egyptian culture.
Portraiture has hills, valleys, trees, warm, cool, hard and soft edges.
Portraiture is a personal statement.
Portraiture is a specialty.
Portraiture is a strong focus of the museum's collection across all media.
Portraiture is available on a contractual basis.
Portraiture is especially important, as most programmes feature people extensively.
Portraiture is grotesque and distorted as a backlash against mainstream portraiture.
Portraiture is more than likeness, more than family record.
Portraiture is the embodiment of a sensitive and stylized discipline in photography.
Portraiture Learn about the history of pop art.
Portraiture ranges from simple employee head shots, to more complex story telling imagery.
Portraiture seems to be less of a target than the vanity of self adornment.
Portraiture suggests that the latter was the more important factor.
Portraiture tries to project qualities, such as wisdom, strength, etc.
Portraitures are depictions.
Portsmouth police maintain a minimum of four police cruisers on city streets and one supervisor.
Portsmouth resident wants to start local lighthouse group.
Portugal car hire.
Portugal imports plasma for transfusion from Germany.
Portugal today is a country of low budget deficits.
Portugal today is the most backwards country in Europe.
Portugal isa thing.
Portugese literature is very diverse but very little is known about it in Australia.
Portuguese children are content just to eat chunks of the cake out of hand.
Portuguese colonialism is dead.
Portuguese cooks are fabulous.
Portuguese cuisine is a hearty fare, originally prepared to satisfy hard working peasants.
Portuguese cuisine is excellent, and offers something for just about everyone's palate.
Portuguese cuisine is simple, characterized by a rich variety of regional dishes.
Portuguese custom calls for adding a rich garlic sausage.
Portuguese dances vary from region to region.
Portuguese delegation visits Tokyo for cultural consultations with Japanese government officials.
Portuguese drivers drive fast and love to overtake anything which can be overtaken.
Portuguese explorers reach the mouth of the Senegal river and the Gambia river.
Portuguese families are large and the pace is slow.
Portuguese fluency is desired.
Portuguese food is cheap, delicious and served in gut-expanding portions.
Portuguese houses dominate elsewhere.
Portuguese industry directories.
Portuguese influence is still dominant.
Portuguese language is an advantage.
Many Portuguese majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Portuguese millipedes reproduce in autumn and early winter.
Portuguese monarchy ends.
Portuguese officials are keenly aware of their checkered legacy.
Portuguese pharmacy looks for partnership in the area of biotechnology and analyses .
Portuguese porcelain is of a very high standard, and gold silver filigree is beautifully worked.
Portuguese roads are nearly twice as deadly as in the United States, the statistics say.
Portuguese sailors find westward progress obstructed by Brazil.
Portuguese ships attack key African ports and try to control trade.
Every Portuguese student is required to study two foreign languages.
Portuguese style is on horseback.
Portuguese sweetbread is another treat.
Portuguese towns are still very characteristic and unspoiled.
Portuguese tradition emphasises the cork oak as the key material for the ships for the discoveries.
Every portuguese translation goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Portuguese troops undergo gas training.
Portuguese wine is inexpensive and consistently impressive on the island.
Portuguese wines are an important adjunct to the menu.
Portuguese words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Posative values indicate hydrophyllic areas,which are also antigenic.
A pose is quality
Pose is a little stiff, but detail is good.
Poses are adaptable to combat and to ray cannon crews.
Poses are human activities.
Poses are positions.
Poses plans to make.
Poses range from quick gestures to studies of moderate duration.
Every pose is meant to be performed in the given order, to the best of one s ability.
Every pose is meant to be performned in the given order, to the best of one's ability .
Many poses are hard to believe.
Some poses are beneficial in that they increase flexibility in the lower back, hips and hamstrings.
Some poses are inappropriate under certain medical conditions.
Some poses are strange, and there is an array of weird expressions.
Some poses can also help.
Some poses have an overall benefit.
A poser is a problem
Posers are located in internet cafes.
Posers are problems.
Posers assume the persona of that gender, for whatever reason.
Posers end up alone outside of their peers as one without credentials.
Most Posers are male, acting as if they are female.
A poseur is an egotist
POSeuR is the shibboleth of our generation.
Poseurs actually are artists, but of much less obvious arts.
Posh coffins are all rot.
Posh establishments offer works by top-name contemporary artists with prices to match.
Posh Gifts offer a wide range of mens and ladies gifts as well as christening gifts for children .
Posh suburbs perch along the edge of the Pacific Ocean, fringed by golden sandy beaches.
Every posited action is based upon federal standards, policy, control and enforcement.
Position angles are measure clockwise from the positive y-axis of the image.
Position descriptions provide information.
Position finder is a useful gadget for the variety hunter.
Position functions are the position of a body at that particular moment in time.
Position paper is a memorandum
Position paper is reports.
Position papers are also welcome.
Position papers are available.
Position papers are due a week before each debate.
Position papers are due.
Position papers are to be between two and three pages in length.
Position papers describing current projects are also welcome.
Position players report.
Position Statements are a call to a particular action.
Position statements are available from their homepage.
Position statements are specific stands on specific issues.
A position is a point
Position accommodates flexible schedule, telecommuting.
Position acts as a liasion between hospital and external entities.
Position acts as housekeeping supervisor in the absence of the supervisor.
Position acts as lead worker with supervision of lower level workers.
Position allows for assistance with beginning level conducting and band methods classes.
Position also assists in preparing and defending assessment appeal cases.
Position also guides and reviews the work of professional and technical subordinates.
Position also has a unique work schedule.
Position also has outreach and general reference duties.
Position also implies the orientation of the robot at a given location.
Position also includes athletic director responsibilities.
Position also includes database development for online catalogs.
Position also includes faxing, mailing, greeting clients and other various duties.
Position also includes home care and hospice work.
Position also includes introducing visitors to the models.
Position also includes membership in the Brass Quintet.
Position also includes project management.
Position also includes some front desk duties as assigned.
Position also includes some page layout.
Position also includes the development and training of the kitchen and management trainee staff.
Position also involves administration of department that includes three other employees.
Position also involves performing wildlife, weed and forest management field work.
Position also involves research and maintainence of grant materials.
Position also involves working with corporate editorial staff and an advisory group.
Position also lays out and paginates news pages.
Position also provides planning and zoning assistance to one of the county municipalities.
Position also provides reference services primarily using electronic resources.
Position also provides some reference service.
Position also provides technical assistance in designing and contracting efforts.
Position also provides transactional support and litigation oversight.
Position also requires a BS degree in computer science or related field of study.
Position also requires a high degree of flexibility and ability to work under pressure.
Position also requires a strong appreciation for detail and orientation for sales support.
Position also requires account maintenance.
Position also requires excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Position also requires experience with or interest in the Bay Area labor movement.
Position also requires experience working with government agencies.
Position also requires exposure to and training in applying principles of cost accounting.
Position also requires frequent travel to meetings and course sites throughout the world.
Position also requires frequent travel within Asia.
Position also requires general assignment reporting and photography.
Position also requires individual to be elgible for a security clearance and a passport.
Position also requires light maintenance work as well as knowledge of microwave systems.
Position also requires no criminal convictions for offenses other than minor traffic violations.
Position also requires organizational and prioritization skills.
Position also requires solid communication and writing skills.
Position also requires some keyboarding involving repetitive motions with fingers.
Position also requires strong communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills.
Position also requires travel to attend trade shows, etc.
Position also requires written translations of technical and specialized documents.
Position also researches the location of records utilizing various computer systems.
Position also supervises student workers.
Position answers all incoming calls to the station in an efficient and timely fashion.
Position are immediately available.
Position are open to recent grads.
Position assists senior staff with clerical tasks for several research projects.
Position assists students in safely crossing streets at designated locations.
Position barbell over the forehead with arms extended.
Position barbell over the upper chest with elbows extended.
Position bear cake on round cakes.
Position bears on plate in kissing pose.
Position becomes tenure track next year.
Position begins as soon as a suitable candidate is found.
Position begins as soon as possible .
Position begins as soon as possible funding becomes available.
Position begins as soon as possible.
Position begins immediately.
Position begins with established accounts and prospective base.
Position begins with the fall school term.
Position believe toward an set and stroke satin purse.
Position bookshelves out of direct sunlight and away from sources of excessive heat and moisture.
Position cakes on cake circles.
Position calls for an energetic hardware developer who is interested in being a key contributor.
Position calls for an energetic individual with a commitment to the environment.
Position calls for direct, personal contact with a large population of students and staff.
Position calls for energetic career-oriented individuals.
Position calls for teaching six courses, three per semester.
Position can also include the sales of the above systems as well.
Position can and engage lift.
Position can be an employment model or income guarantee.
Position can be for the summer or permanently depending on preference.
Position can be full or part time, depending on the candidate's needs.
Position can be full or part time.
Position can be full or parttime.
Position can be part time staff with partial benefits and paid time off or contract.
Position can be year round or seasonal.
Position can begin immediately.
Position can direct our lives.
Position can grow and become full-time.
Position can include starting pay and training.
Position can include travel to meet clients in their work environment.
Position can indeed confer power.
Position can involve direction of students' outdoor, physical activity.
Position can lead to advanced technical support opportunity.
Position can lead to fulltime hire with company.
Position can lead to management trainee and sales manager.
Position can start at the beginning of summer or after field session.
Position carries an excellent benefits package including retirement fund.
Position carries an excellent benefits package.
Position carries excellent benefits including a bonus program.
Position carries excellent compensation package commensurate with qualifications.
Position carries faculty rank.
Position carries faculty status.
Position carries minimal responsibilities and no required travel.
Position carries no supervisory responsibility.
Position carries potential for growth and increased responsibility within an international brand.
Position carries stipend and health insurance.
Position carries the rank of tenured professor.
Position carries twelve-month contract with faculty rank and full benefits package.
Position changes Especially early on in labor, keep moving.
Position changes for residents in long-term care.
Position comes with benefits.
Position comes with excellent benefits.
Position completes documentation of software installation process.
Position computers away from direct sunlight to prevent eye discomfort from window glare.
Position consists mainly of field work associated with a high amount of supervision.
Position constrain it to the last bone in the spine, and then relax the constraint.
Position constrain the first null to the midpoint of the spine and the other to the effector.
Position contain in whatever subject neither separate lincoln navigator.
Position continually requires demonstrated poise, tact and diplomacy.
Position continues until end of school year.
Position coordinates details for special events and trade shows.
Position Counts With roman numerals, the position of the letters is very important.
Position cupcake on turtle shell.
Position deals directly with the public.
Position deals with all aspects of customer service, complaints, orders, billing, etc.
Position demands independent thinking, attention to details and disciplined time management.
Position demands quality results on deadline.
Position demands reliability in job performance and personal accountability and dependability.
Position demands skills in public speaking, administration and financial management.
Position demands the ability to work a rotating shift schedule and work under pressure.
Position depends on number of pages per issue.
Position Determines if the list item wraps to an indent or the the margin.
Position determines meaning.
Position develops and implements workplans, and disseminates statewide gypsy moth trapping results.
Position directs a program with statewide responsibility for fire prevention inspections.
Position does include a small caseload.
Position does some travel for meetings and workshops.
Position drop cloth to catch falling particles and save cleanup time.
Position drop down menu.
Position drums on carpeted surface for performance.
Position dumbbells over head with arms extended.
Position dumbbells to the sides of the chest with elbows under dumbbells.
Position dumbbells to the sides of the upper chest with elbows under dumbbells.
Position dumpsters away from outdoor air intakes, door and operable windows.
Position dumpsters away from outdoor air intakes, doors and operable windows.
Position earns vacation and sick leave.
Position effects A font's basic spacing, or metrics , defines the width and alignment of each glyph.
Position elbow against side and forearm across belly.
Position elbow at height of shoulder.
Position elbow to side.
Position elbows overhead.
Position elbows to sides so they are in line with the lever's fulcrum.
Position emphasizes work with adults, children and families, and substance abuse.
Position ends approx.
Position ends approximately.
Position ends one year from date of hire with possibility of extension .
Position enhances importance.
Position enjoys a good deal of freedom, Sizable budgetary responsibility.
Position entails air shift and some commercial production.
Position entails assignments in fire prevention, fire suppression, and emergency medical services.
Position entails chemical analysis and materials testing.
Position entails customer service, answering phones, computer entry and filing.
Position entails developing new client relationships and new business channels.
Position entails distributing information about what to see and do in the City of Kingston.
Position entails entering and manipulating text and graphic data as required.
Position entails extensive travel with paid expenses.
Position entails heavy telephone contact with vendors and staff throughout the library.
Position entails high level of responsibility and team leadership on challenging projects.
Position entails keeping a selected few females happy.
Position entails light accounting, general office duties and some administrative functions.
Position entails material handling.
Position entails occasional participation on field trips.
Position entails outdoor emergency care in all weather conditions.
Position entails patient care, research and teaching.
Position entails prioritization of multiple, varied tasks and adherence to fast-paced schedule.
Position entails research with crash analysis and occupant safety.
Position entails research, writing and extensive editing.
Position entails the selling and marketing of movies and movie rights.
Position entails travel on short notice.
Position entails travel throughout the United States.
Position entails working collaboratively with an interdisciplinary group of scientists.
Position Enter the new position number.
Position Enter the position number.
Position exists at our Milwaukee, Wisconsin location.
Position exposes employee to bloodborn pathogens and hazardous materials.
Position exposes employees to bloodborne pathogens and hazardous materials.
Position exposes employees to bloodborne pathogens.
Position exposes employees to hazardous materials and bloodborne pathogens.
Position exposes employees to hazardous materials.
Position exposes the employee to hazardous materials and bloodborn pathogens.
Position eyeballs downward.
Position features a competitive salary and benefit package.
Position features a competitive salary and benefits package with a generous bonus program.
Position feeders away from buildings, tree trunks and the ground.
Position fittings so that no air is trapped.
Position focuses on maintaining the development environment for several hundred developers.
Position gecallt wird.
Position generally involves specialized skills, and often involve highly confidential materials.
Position gives magnitude.
Position grids away from distractions such as traffic noise and poor surfaces.
Position gumballs on cake with dots of icing.
Position has a bonus opportunity.
Position has a lot to do with out attitude.
Position has a one year probationary period at full time employment.
Position has a one year probationary period.
Position has a one-year probationary period.
Position has both significant responsibility and growth potential.
Position has excellent base salary and employer is prepared to set up a profit sharing arrangement.
Position has firm equity potential.
Position has flexible, part-time hrs.
Position has frequent contact wit students, faculty, and staff.
Position has future growth opportunity.
Position has growth potential.
Position has no supervisory responsibilities.
Position has outstanding fringe benefits.
Position has potential for growth into full-time reporting.
Position has potential to lead to full time employment.
Position has primary responsibility for processing incoming transcript requests on a daily basis.
Position has strong potential for permanent employment.
Position has the potential for future ownership.
Position has the potential to become a funded postition.
Position held is international team program coordinator.
Position helps, needless to say.
Position holds faculty rank and tenure track.
Position hook in vise so that eye is slightly down.
Position includes a base salary and commission.
Position includes a car and home office set-up.
Position includes a clinical faculty appointment.
Position includes a full benefit package.
Position includes a full benefits package.
Position includes a project based bonus plan.
Position includes a salary and business travel expense reimbursement.
Position includes a wide variety of clerical duties.
Position includes ability to lease and sell residential property as well as corporate housing.
Position includes all aspects of farm work and plenty of it.
Position includes all phases of design from concept to final production as assigned.
Position includes an every other weekend rotation.
Position includes an intensive two month training program, base salary, bonus and benefits.
Position includes anything from planting and hoeing in the field to extracting DNA in the lab.
Position includes barn work, guiding of trail rides and some field and maintenance work.
Position includes base salary, commissions, and benefits.
Position includes bedside and clinical duties.
Position includes benefits and opportunities with a well established law firm.
Position includes benefits, health, vacation.
Position includes benefits, vacation, holidays and sick leave.
Position includes benefits.
Position includes bookkeeping, general office duties and telephone operator backup.
Position includes both advertising and public relations writing responsibilities.
Position includes both domestic and foreign travel.
Position includes both performance and historical research responsibilities.
Position includes choral and musical direction .
Position includes clinical and administrative responsibilities, primarily in the outpatient setting.
Position includes coaching, administration and recruitment of potential student-athletes.
Position includes compensation.
Position includes consulting and training customers on our software application.
Position includes contract administration, counseling, and negotiation.
Position includes cost, schedule and technical performance responsibility.
Position includes creation of chimeric and transgenic mice.
Position includes customer service, referrals, and sales, as well as routine business transactions.
Position includes data entry and office assistant duties.
Position includes data entry, filing, faxing and telephone correspondence.
Position includes direct contact with the sales team and agencies.
Position includes direct marketing and management.
Position includes drug screening, blood draws, some computer input and receptionist functions.
Position includes editing and administrative duties.
Position includes evening and weekend hours.
Position includes evening and weekend work.
Position includes excellent benefits and salary.
Position includes excellent benefits.
Position includes extensive training, team building and support.
Position includes filing, reception, billing and other office administration duties.
Position includes full benefits plus a great pension plan offered after the first year.
Position includes gathering of characterization data in and publishing product application notes.
Position includes gathering of characterization data in support of product applications.
Position includes going to other libraries on campus and photocopying articles.
Position includes health and other benefits.
Position includes health and vacation benefits.
Position includes health benefits and the salary is competitive.
Position includes health, vacation, sick leave and other benefits.
Position includes health, vacation, sick leave, and other benefits.
Position includes heavy dictation and requires excellent proofreading skills.
Position includes hourly wage plus commission.
Position includes housing and medical insurance.
Position includes inspection of asbestos abatement work.
Position includes interaction with academic, government and private research laboratories.
Position includes lecture, lab and clinical teaching.
Position includes library media duties as well as teaching schedule.
Position includes malpractice, medical-dental coverage and life insurance.
Position includes marketing the facility's goal and image in house, as well as in the community.
Position includes medical benefits and a taxable tuition free class per semester.
Position includes modest housing, garden and furnishings.
Position includes mornings, days, evenings and weekends.
Position includes neurosurgical and critical care management of brain and spine injured patients.
Position includes one evening a week and weekend rotation.
Position includes on-site and phone interaction with clients.
Position includes opportunities in the design of highway, municipal, and railroad improvements.
Position includes opportunity to lead web development and marketing efforts.
Position includes other duties as assigned.
Position includes phone and customer relations, as well as some building maintenance.
Position includes phone intake, insurance billing, referrals, and test administration.
Position includes procurement, sourcing and stocking of components.
Position includes producing and posting news on the Internet using set format.
Position includes salary, commission and expenses.
Position includes salary, housing, health insurance, access to a vehicle.
Position includes salary, room, board, and benefits.
Position includes sales, buyer representation, commercial leasing, and brokerage.
Position includes scenic and photo flights in summer resort area.
Position includes scheduling and front office reception work.
Position includes set up, planning games for youth and preschool and cleanup.
Position includes some delivery of intercampus correspondence.
Position includes some evening and weekend coverage.
Position includes some evenings and rotating weekend hours.
Position includes some holidays and weekends.
Position includes some supervisory duties.
Position includes some travel in the Wichita area.
Position includes some weekend and evening hours.
Position includes stipend, benefits plus room and board.
Position includes stipend, plus room and board.
Position includes stipend, room and board.
Position includes supervisory responsibilities.
Position includes teaching and research responsibilities.
Position includes technician support for trapping season.
Position includes the opportunity to pursue a Ph.D. degree in mathematics education.
Position includes theoretical research and implementation.
Position includes training staff in use of technology in the classroom.
Position includes travel and cold calling.
Position includes various levels of work in the field and with operating personnel.
Position includes weekend on-call rotation.
Position includes working with the outside sales staff.
Position interfaces with customers and sales reps.
Position involves a demanding workload for multiple sales personnel.
Position involves a high degree of confidentiality.
Position involves account research, input of membership data and handling member account inquiries.
Position involves all management and dining room functions.
Position involves bending, lifting, stooping and working in swamps and thickets.
Position involves both civil litigation and federal criminal prosecution.
Position involves both high-speed logic and board level design.
Position involves both prosecution and maintenance of both foreign and domestic trademarks.
Position involves clinical duties, community based education, marketing, and program development.
Position involves contacting existing customers, dormant accounts and some prospecting.
Position involves coordinating invitations and RSVPs for various events.
Position involves coordinating the personal financial needs of career students.
Position involves coordination of printing and copying jobs for our corporate accounts.
Position involves corporate advertising, and group sales.
Position involves counter sales, stocking, and deliveries in the local area.
Position involves customer service, scheduling educational arts programming in to shools.
Position involves design and equipment work.
Position involves designing header tooling including recess punches for fastener manufacturing.
Position involves developing analysis plans, statistical analysis and programming.
Position involves developing inert diets for larval red drum.
Position involves direct inmate contact with the possibility of physical confrontation.
Position involves engineering support and test development for electronic assemblies and modules.
Position involves extensive customer contact.
Position involves extensive travel.
Position involves extensive writing and frequent travel.
Position involves fabrication plant and erection inspection.
Position involves field sales and agronomy advice to local producers.
Position involves flavor applications in soft drinks, sports drinks, etc.
Position involves general cleaning and floor maintenance.
Position involves general cleaning and light food prep.
Position involves grooming at shows, coming to clinics with top international trainers and judges.
Position involves handling, grading and freezing of bovine embryos.
Position involves helping to establish a practice and research in hereditary retinal disease.
Position involves inside sales of communication equipment and customer service.
Position involves investigating enzyme-based electrochemical biosensors.
Position involves investment research and database management.
Position involves managing risk assessments, client development, and project management.
Position involves marketing high-end financial business services both branded and private label.
Position involves moderate amount of travel throughout Northern California.
Position involves moderate lifting, extensive walking and use of stairs.
Position involves negotiating and selling distributorships at the international level.
Position involves patent prosecution and counseling.
Position involves processing payments and daily database maintenance.
Position involves programming corrections, knowledge of distribution software, problem solving.
Position involves providing preventative lifeguarding services at public beach, pool, or water park.
Position involves public speaking and working with children.
Position involves reading blueprints, schematics along with good manual dexterity.
Position involves reception, scheduling appointments, billing and general office duties.
Position involves research and service, as well as advising student teachers.
Position involves research and writing and court filings.
Position involves research on the Internet.
Position involves resident and student teaching, patient care and scholarly activity.
Position involves seismic interpretation on exploration and deveopment projects.
Position involves serving food and alcohol.
Position involves shared office and field responsibilities.
Position involves significant international travel.
Position involves soliciting new accounts in given territory as well as account management.
Position involves some case management as determined by participant needs.
Position involves some evening and weekend hours.
Position involves some home visits and goal setting with families.
Position involves some lifting.
Position involves some travel and reports directly to senior management.
Position involves specialized skills and highly confidential materials.
Position involves student advisement.
Position involves student and resident teaching, patient care, and scholarly activity.
Position involves substantial amounts of vehicle travel and hiking in remote areas.
Position involves teaching in a dept dedicated to the scientific study of human behavior.
Position involves teaching middle school and high school band and a high school jazz band.
Position involves teaching, patient care, and collaborative interdisciplinary scholarship.
Position involves teaching, research, and service.
Position involves teaching, training, and managing accreditation and program requirements.
Position involves telephone, email and on-site customer support with frequent customer contact.
Position involves the editorial oversight of the newsgathering process for three bureaus.
Position involves the management of the trait conversion program.
Position involves the oversight and development for the church s Christian education.
Position involves travel across Michigan.
Position involves travel and participation in evening and weekend work-related activities.
Position involves travel, writing, telephone work, and research using the Internet.
Position involves turning down beds, replacing guest towels and amenities.
Position involves varied labor intensive and operating duties.
Position involves working closely with educators and community organizations.
Position involves working in a team environment with designers, writers and photographers.
Position involves working in a team environment with designers,writers and photographers.
Position involves working in a team production environment.
Position involves working on a shift basis.
Position involves working on product development for the telecommunications market.
Position involves working with reports, writing article reviews, maintaining a web page.
Position is a great learning opportunity in a fun.
Position is a growing asset.
Position is a live-on assignment.
Position is a member of library management team and participates in development of system goals.
Position is a member of the senior leadership team.
Position is a minimum one-year internship with the possibility of an extension to second year.
Position is a non-negative integer.
Position is a one-month consulting job available immediately.
Position is a permanent assignment.
Position is a special appointment with benefits.
Position is a twelve month appointment, potentially renewable annually for three years.
Position is a twelve-month appointment, potentially renewable annually for three years.
Position is a twelve-month appointment.
Position is a vector quantity.
Position is academic staff appointment.
Position is accomplished with a full line of accessories.
Position is accountable for a large stores facility carrying a wide variety and volume of goods.
Position is accountable to the assigned Principal or designee.
Position is achieved with the use of standard four-way valves.
Position is all about personal feel.
Position is allocated to a class that has been revised.
Position is also responsible for answering phones for department management.
Position is an addition to staff.
Position is an initial five-year appointment with an annual review.
Position is an on-call position.
Position is an open commitment in a market, long or short.
Position is annual probationary appointment leading to indefinite appointment.
Position is annually renewable dependent on funding.
Position is appropriate to the grade authorized.
Position is approx.
Position is assumed to be in degrees for both longitute and latitude.
Position is at an outside office, with other consultants.
Position is at Corporate headquarters.
Position is available as soon as possible after the close of the search.
Position is available because of pending retirements and promotions.
Position is available due to acquisition.
Position is available due to the promotion of the incumbent.
Position is available for immediate occupancy.
Position is available for two years.
Position is available for work study and non-work study students.
Position is available immediately and involves extensive travel.
Position is available immediately and open until filled.
Position is available immediately and pay scale is highly competitive.
Position is available immediately and remains open until filled.
Position is available immediately and salary is commensurate with experience and track record.
Position is available immediately and until filled.
Position is available immediately but starting date is flexible.
Position is available immediately, with flexible start date.
Position is available immediately.
Position is available now.
Position is available pending final approval of funding.
Position is available until filled.
Position is available until suitable candidate is found.
Position is available upon selection of the finalist candidate.
Position is available upon selection of the successful candidate.
Position is available.
Position is based from Glasgow office.
Position is based in Houston.
Position is based in Jackson.
Position is based in metro-east Illinois.
Position is based in Mexico.
Position is based in New York City.
Position is based in Northern California with various sites throughout the Bay Area.
Position is based in our Research Triangle Park, NC office.
Position is based in Oxford and available immediately.
Position is based in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.
Position is based in Somerset, New Jersey.
Position is based in the company's Seattle headquarters, but some travel is required.
Position is based in Waterbury, Vermont.
Position is based on a one year, renewable contract.
Position is based on aesthetics and influenced by the balance of text on a page.
Position is based out of our Huntington Beach, CA office.
Position is based out of the Seymour District office.
Position is bonus eligible.
Position is bonus-eligible.
Position is changed in an erroneous mode.
Position is close to campus.
Position is close to the geographic center of North America.
Position is commission only.
Position is commission paid and requires seven weekends a year.
Position is conditional upon agency approval.
Position is considered open until filled.
Position is considered strategic to the growth of future business.
Position is contingent on budgetary approval.
Position is contingent on funding and job performance.
Position is contingent on funding and performance.
Position is contingent on funding and successful performance.
Position is contingent on funding.
Position is Contingent on Funding.
Position is contingent upon approval of classification.
Position is contingent upon available funding.
Position is contingent upon budgetary approval.
Position is contingent upon Budgetary approval.
Position is contingent upon continued funding.
Position is contingent upon favorable background check.
Position is contingent upon final approval of funding.
Position is contingent upon funding.
Position is continuously open.
Position is contract to hire.
Position is contracted for a large petro chemical company.
Position is contractual.
Position is counted from the beginning of str .
Position is covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
Position is critical to success.
Position is currently half-time with full benefits.
Position is currently open and funded.
Position is currently per diem, with potential for full-time employment.
Position is currently vacant to be filled as soon as possible.
Position is currently vacant.
Position is customer interactive, supporting a producer's book of business.
Position is day shift with no scheduled holidays or weekends.
Position is defendable against ground attack.
Position is defended and has addressed each argument put forth by the other side.
Position is defined by fear and hope.
Position is defined by images that stick.
Position is dependent on funding.
Position is dependent upon funding with possible renewal for two more years.
Position is described as the orientation of the presenting part in regard to the maternal pelvis.
Position is detected by rotary encoders which turn as the platform is moved.
Position is determined after removing non-SCR members from the results.
Position is determined by multiple pseudo range mesurements during a single observation.
Position is directly responsible to the lead programmer.
Position is due to retirement.
Position is easily accessible.
Position is eligible for salary and sales commission.
Position is eligible for sick leave, annual leave, and medical benefits.
Position is eligible for the referral bonus prgram.
Position is eligible for two bonus plans.
Position is eligible for veteran s preference in accordance with state law.
Position is eligible for veteran's preference in accordance with state law.
Position is entry level, and part time.
Position is entry-level, master's degree strongly preferred.
Position is evenings and includes an excellent shift differential.
Position is everything at any collector car auction event.
Position is everything.
Position is exposed to engine noise and fumes, winter cold and elements when assisting passengers.
Position is extended on a yearly basis subject to performance and the availability of outside funds.
Position is extremely challenging and rewarding.
Position is fast track to plant manager.
Position is fast-paced and challenging with lots of people contact.
Position is fifty percent public services and fifty percent technical services.
Position is filled by a person who is a member of the same party as the former member.
Position is filled.
Position is five days a week, four hours a day.
Position is flexible.
Position is focused on training corporate marketing and operational staff.
Position is for a flexible, creative, enterpreneur-minded individual.
Position is for a hospital assisted private practice with a strong income guarantee.
Position is for an inpatient psychiatric facility.
Position is for evenings and weekends.
Position is for five years.
Position is for four to five years.
Position is for four years.
Position is for full-time employment beginning immediately.
Position is for immediate start.
Position is for one of four regional technologists serving the state of New Jersey.
Position is for one year only.
Position is for one year with a possible second year extension.
Position is for one year with possibility of extension to two .
Position is for one year with possibility of extension.
Position is for one year with possibility of renewal.
Position is for one year with possible extension.
Position is for one year, renewable.
Position is for one year.
Position is for on-site support to customer personnel in a program office environment.
Position is for rapidly growing asphalt paving group.
Position is for six months.
Position is for the upcoming ski season.
Position is for third shift with the ability to work other shifts as needed.
Position is for three years with possible renewal for a second three-year term.
Position is for two to three years.
Position is for two years, and salary is negotiable.
Position is for two years, starting date negotiable.
Position is for two years.
Position is fork work study and miscellaneous students.
Position is full commision sales.
Position is full time and limited housing and single apartments are available on or near campus.
Position is full time and requires weekend and evening hours.
Position is full time coordinating medical case management for individuals with disabilities.
Position is full time days.
Position is full time in Bozeman, Montana.
Position is full time rotating shifts.
Position is full time rotating, every third weekend.
Position is full time unless otherwise indicated.
Position is full time with competitive salary and excellent benefits.
Position is full time with flexible evening hours.
Position is full time with flexible hours and a duration of at least one year.
Position is full time with health insurance.
Position is full time, benefit eligible with some travel required.
Position is full time, but seniors can work part time until graduation.
Position is full time, permanent management position, work is on weekends and some evenings.
Position is full time, permanent, with benefits.
Position is full time, year round, with competitive salary and excellent benefits.
Position is full time.
Position is full-time and includes medical, dental and prescription benefits.
Position is full-time and includes some travel, some evenings.
Position is full-time and offers a competitive benefits package.
Position is full-time and offers complete benefits package and a salary determined by experience.
Position is full-time at our Baton Rouge, Louisiana facility.
Position is full-time continuing.
Position is full-time employment as a research associate.
Position is full-time in summer.
Position is full-time permanent.
Position is full-time requiring weekends and some evening shifts.
Position is full-time weekdays, includes benefit package.
Position is full-time with an excellent salary and benefits package.
Position is full-time with benefits package.
Position is fulltime with benefits.
Position is full-time with benefits.
Position is full-time with competitive salary and benefits.
Position is full-time with competitive salary.
Position is full-time with excellent benefits.
Position is full-time with occasional evening or weekend hours required.
Position is full-time with weekends required.
Position is full-time, salaried employment plus paid overtime with benefits.
Position is full-time, temporary.
Position is full-time.
Position is funded by grant agencies.
Position is funded for two years.
Position is funded from external sources.
Position is further contingent upon passing a physical examination, and thorough background check.
Position is good, necessary and valued.
Position is grant funded with possible renewal.
Position is grant funded, providing excellent benefits.
Position is grant funded, renewable annually.
Position is grant funded.
Position is grant supported and contingent upon availability of grant funds.
Position is grant-funded for only one year.
Position is guaranteed only with a signed contract and payment.
Position is half time during summer.
Position is half time, salary in low to mid 'teens, including benefits.
Position is half time.
Position is highly visible and offers competitive compensation and benefits package.
Position is home based.
Position is hourly with overtime.
Position is ignored for a yellow pages search.
Position is immediately available and accepting resumes until filled.
Position is important, too.
Position is important.
Position is in Berkeley, California.
Position is in Boston , MA .
Position is in Boston.
Position is in centimeters and time is in seconds.
Position is in Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio.
Position is in Grape Creek.
Position is in Illinois.
Position is in meters and velocity in meters per second.
Position is in Mid Missouri.
Position is in New Jersey.
Position is in NY City or New Jersey.
Position is in red, velocity in green and acceleration is plotted in yellow.
Position is in Southern California.
Position is in Southwest Ohio.
Position is in Taiwan.
Position is in Western Kansas.
Position is inherited.
Position is in-house.
Position is involved in all elements of the program's design, construction and management.
Position is involved with performing similar professional legal functions regarding trademarks.
Position is irrelevant.
Position is journey level in professional planner series.
Position is just a word for where something is located.
Position is key to helping provide timely, accurate communications.
Position is key to the success of our growth and highly visible. .
Position is key to the success of our growth and highly visible.
Position is key.
Position is limited to one year with extension contingent on funding.
Position is limited to one year with extension contingent upon funding.
Position is live-off.
Position is live-out.
Position is located at the company's headquarters in the Boston Bay area.
Position is located in a NW suburb of Chicago.
Position is located in a tobacco free environment.
Position is located in Austin, Texas.
Position is located in Bergen County, New Jersey.
Position is located in California.
Position is located in Colorado.
Position is located in Concord.
Position is located in corporate headquarters.
Position is located in Dallas.
Position is located in downtown Boston's financial district.
Position is located in El Dorado.
Position is located in Europe, preferably in France, UK or Italy.
Position is located in Green River, Wyoming.
Position is located in Jefferson City and requires statewide travel.
Position is located in League City, Texas.
Position is located in Manhattan, New York City.
Position is located in Mead.
Position is located in New Jersey.
Position is located in New York City, but telecommuting is possible.
Position is located in New York City.
Position is located in New York.
Position is located in North Platte.
Position is located in Omaha, Nebraska.
Position is located in Omaha.
Position is located in our Honolulu office .
Position is located in our Honolulu office.
Position is located in our New York City office only.
Position is located in our North Hartford office.
Position is located in our Richardson, Texas office.
Position is located in Pennsylvania.
Position is located in Richmond.
Position is located in Student Housing.
Position is located in Tampa, Florida.
Position is located in Topeka.
Position is located in Valentine.
Position is located in Virginia.
Position is located in West Michigan.
Position is located in Wichita.
Position is located off-campus.
Position is located south of Fort Worth, Texas.
Position is low and balanced with feet pointing straight ahead.
Position is measured relative to the module reference position, determined by a micro switch.
Position is measured with an iodine laser and time with an atomic clock.
Position is more important than airspeed.
Position is needed to be filled as soon as possible and is vacant until filled.
Position is nights and week-ends.
Position is non-exempt.
Position is now available due to recent promotions and relocations in the woodlands group.
Position is off-campus.
Position is offered to one group.
Position is offered to two groups.
Position is offered to two to three groups, again depending on the nighttime activities.
Position is office and field environment, which requires local travel from site to site.
Position is on an as needed basis.
Position is on an as-needed basis.
Position is on call and no guarantee of hours per week can be given.
Position is on campus.
Position is one year with one or more years of renewal.
Position is ongoing.
Position is open because of an internal promotion.
Position is open due to a resignation.
Position is open due to promotion.
Position is open for a top tourist attraction in bay area.
Position is open immediately.
Position is open now.
Position is open pending board approval.
Position is open to all classes.
Position is open to all qualified applicants.
Position is open to all qualified persons.
Position is open to graduate students as well as exceptional undergraduates.
Position is open until a sufficient number of applications have been received.
Position is open until a suitable applicant is found.
Position is open until a suitable candidate is found.
Position is open until filled .
Position is open until filled and resumes are currently being accepted.
Position is open until filled and subject to close without notice.
Position is open until filled or cancelled.
Position is open until filled.
Position is Open until filled.
Position is Open Until Filled.
Position is open.
Position is opened until filled.
Position is paid and housing is available.
Position is paid monthly.
Position is paid strictly on a commission basis.
Position is paid, seasonal with benefits.
Position is paid.
Position is paramount.
Position is part of progressive team management and key to the library s community success.
Position is part of the New Mexico research team in the Southwest Regional Gap Analysis Project.
Position is part time evenings.
Position is part time permanent.
Position is part time.
Position is part to full time depending on candidate.
Position is partnership track.
Position is part-time and available immediately.
Position is part-time with a full time option.
Position is part-time with flexible schedule.
Position is part-time, flexible, with a small monthly stipend.
Position is part-time, nights and weekends.
Position is part-time.
Position is pending availability of funds.
Position is pending budget approval.
Position is pending final budget approval.
Position is permanent and anticipated to be long-term.
Position is permanent half-time for twelve months.
Position is posted and advertised as required.
Position is posted until filled.
Position is posted.
Position is power.
Position is presently vacant.
Position is primarily responsible for hardware designs.
Position is primarily responsible for providing accurate and timely dispatches of out cash letters.
Position is primary tech for sleep analysis with the opportunity to train to neurodiagnostics lab.
Position is project-oriented.
Position is qualified to serve as an expert witness in the area of veterinary pathology.
Position is quite the contrary.
Position is read and displayed on an LCD in degrees.
Position is recognizes career path to a curatorship.
Position is relative as are time and velocity.
Position is removed from posting on date job is accepted by candidate.
Position is renewable for one year terms.
Position is renewable yearly.
Position is renewable.
Position is renewed annually and is contingent upon availability of funds.
Position is renewed yearly depending on funding.
Position is renewed yearly.
Position is required to maintain Stand-By rotation.
Position is required to stock portable bars with ice, glassware, alcohol, sodas, etc.
Position is required to work a split shift which results in evening and sometimes weekend work.
Position is responsibel for interviewing and maintaining staff requirmeents for production areas.
Position is responsible for a large portfolio of properties in the West.
Position is responsible for all live shots in news shows.
Position is responsible for all phases of the men's ice hockey program.
Position is responsible for basic content updates for multiple sites.
Position is responsible for basic sample preparation through final interpretation of results.
Position is responsible for clerical duties as assigned.
Position is responsible for coding and development of application software.
Position is responsible for complex engineering work in the office and the field.
Position is responsible for coordinating various programs to prevent elder abuse in Wisconsin.
Position is responsible for curbside collection of recyclables and refuse on residential routes.
Position is responsible for customer implementation and integration with streaming services.
Position is responsible for delivering bundles of newspapers to youth carriers in the Columbia area.
Position is responsible for developing game design and overseeing the implementation of the design.
Position is responsible for direct supervision of children andadults at a community swimming pool.
Position is responsible for ensuring the accurate airing of commercial content.
Position is responsible for inputting publisher invoices and resolving publisher invoice issues.
Position is responsible for leading team of highly technical project managers.
Position is responsible for managing all front office operations.
Position is responsible for manufacture and control of all keys.
Position is responsible for patient bed assignments for admissions.
Position is responsible for performing secretarial and clerical duties.
Position is responsible for planning, directing and managing all accounts in assigned territory.
Position is responsible for policy lead of civil justice reform and insurance issues.
Position is responsible for reselling leased telephony systems to their existing client base.
Position is responsible for the development and testing of business applications.
Position is responsible for the display and service of products in the customer's retail outlets.
Position is responsible for the formal reporting of and testifying to the findings of such analysis.
Position is responsible for the management and maintanence of individual and corporate records.
Position is responsible for the overall functionality of circulation services.
Position is responsible for the supervision of work performed by custodial staff.
Position is responsible for the training and readiness of fire-fighting personnel.
Position is restricted to on- campus applicants.
Position is salaried and requires some on-call work.
Position is salaried with benefits and on-camp housing available.
Position is salaried with benefits.
Position is salaried with excellent benefits.
Position is salaried, exempt.
Position is salaried.
Position is salary plus commission once certified.
Position is seasonal, primarily spring through fall.
Position is secondary to academic and student life.
Position is security sensitive and requires a driving record check.
Position is security sensitive.
Position is security-sensitive.
Position is shown in cm and time in seconds.
Position is shown in the preview area below.
Position is similar to study coordinator, yet involves no patient care.
Position is soft-funded.
Position is specified by xbarpos and ybarpos.
Position is start up but looking for experienced person.
Position is stated but little support for position is offered.
Position is still open, and remember, it's an office.
Position is straight commission.
Position is subject to a criminal background check.
Position is subject to administrative approval.
Position is subject to available funding.
Position is subject to budget approval.
Position is subject to budgetary approval.
Position is subject to continued availability of external funding.
Position is subject to drug testing and a medical examination.
Position is subject to final administrative approval.
Position is subject to final budgetary approval.
Position is subject to loud noise, more than average mechanical, laser and electrical hazard.
Position is subject to Merit System Law and Rules as to future examination.
Position is subject to on-call requirements after normal work hours.
Position is subject to other related job assignments as requested by the supervisor.
Position is temporary but on-going.
Position is temporary, due to temporary needs.
Position is temporary, possibly leading to regular, full-time status.
Position is temporary.
Position is tenure track with faculty status and rank.
Position is the biggest asset to any billboard company.
Position is the cape position.
Position is the location of an object.
Position is the player's position under analysis.
Position is the primary link between the treatment component and community providers.
Position is Time-limited.
Position is to be created upon the finding of a suitable individual.
Position is to be filled immediately.
Position is to examine and develop accommodations for people with disabilities in adult education.
Position is to focus on collection and the development of both adult and children s programming.
Position is to support release project manager for major IT project.
Position is trainable.
Position is two to four hours per day, with some scheduling flexibility.
Position is under general direction of custodial coordinator.
Position is updated each second when a sufficient number of satellites are in contact.
Position is used to compute the steering commands for the camera.
Position is useless without awareness.
Position is vacant due to an in-house position transfer.
Position is Vacant.
Position is vacated or new position is created.
Position is verified by GPS and survey prior to taking additional water into ballast tanks.
Position is very flexible.
Position is very important during injection.
Position is very important in the birth process.
Position is voluntary.
Position is with a major international engineering construction firm.
Position is with a well established company that remains private.
Position is with a well-known national industry leader.
Position is within the company's acquisition department.
Position isa location.
Position Keep the head of bed slightly elevated to promote drainage of the shunt.
Position latches out of reach of young children.
Position leads to partnership when performance goals are met.
Position lights freely, at an angle, or from behind.
Position listings on both the hotline and the web page are updated weekly.
Position Listings Open positions within sports or recreation organizations.
Position logs properly.
Position maintains accurate records on all experiements and maintains equipment in good order.
Position manages a staff and serves as a member of the unit's management team.
Position manages a staff of editors and proofreaders who create print ads for medical journals.
Position manages prof. and tech.
Position means nothing in any context except for hand to hand combat.
Position monitor anywhere with swivel support arms.
Position moves forward, adding a new value.
Position napkins wrong sides together, and glue three sides.
Position Needed Please indicate status Please select.
Position needs an energetic, organized, self starter with good communication skills.
Position needs and energetic, organized, self starter with good communication skills.
Position needs to be filled as soon as possible.
Position needs to be filled by year end.
Position needs to be taken into account here, every bit as much as gender.
Position needs vary among sites.
Position needs vary by location.
Position nestboxes out of the most intense sun and out of the reach of predators.
Position objects close to the body within easy reach.
Position objects easily with alignment commands.
Position objects on the scales and try to maintain the equilibrium for as long as possible.
Position offer excellent growth potential.
Position offers a challenging opportunity for a highly motivated candidate.
Position offers a chance to gain experience in an overseas educational advising center.
Position offers a competitive rate of pay and an excellent benefit package.
Position offers a competitive salary and excellent benefits.
Position offers a competitive salary plus an attractive commission structure.
Position offers a full benefits package and outstanding potential for growth in responsibilities.
Position offers a generous salary and fringe benefits package, one in seven call.
Position offers a good salary with an attractive benefit package.
Position offers a good starting salary and excellent benefits.
Position offers a great work atmosphere in a fast-paced and challenging environment.
Position offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package.
Position offers a mix of research and project coordination, in-office and field work, plus travel.
Position offers amazing earning potential and tremendous opportunity for growth.
Position offers an excellent bonus plan and pre-ipo stock options.
Position offers basic training in anatomy and work with emergency services.
Position offers benefits, compensation dependent on qualifications and experience.
Position offers blue-chip client list.
Position offers client interaction and opportunity to design on a number of institutional projects.
Position offers competitive compensation, excellent benefits and good working setting.
Position offers competitive salary and benefits.
Position offers competitive salary and excellent benefits.
Position offers competitive wages and benefits, and requires a drug test and physical.
Position offers competive salary and benefits.
Position offers complete training, expenses, base salary to start graduating to full commission.
Position offers excellent benefits.
Position offers excellent opportunities for advancement.
Position offers flexibility to work around course schedule.
Position offers flexible hours and a competitive hourly rate.
Position offers flexible hours and competitive wages.
Position offers flexible hours and opportunity for advancement.
Position offers flexible schedule and competitive pay.
Position offers flexible schedule with varying work sites.
Position offers flexible working hours and days.
Position offers full-time benefits and monthly incentives.
Position offers good experience with large clients in a variety of industries.
Position offers good salary and benefits.
Position offers great opportunities and physical exercise for the recreation minded person.
Position offers great opportunity for professional growth.
Position offers great variety in patient age and diagnosis.
Position offers high visibility for advancement and requires a fast learner.
Position offers lots of hands-on work and client interaction.
Position offers multiple opportunities for growth in the newsroom.
Position offers opportunity for advancement.
Position offers opportunity for future ownership.
Position offers paid leave and on-site fitness center.
Position offers pay per mile with guaranteed minimum.
Position offers plenty of opportunity to work with state of the art networking gears.
Position offers plenty of room for career growth.
Position offers possible transactional exposure.
Position offers progressive responsibility leading directly to management.
Position offers salary and benefits.
Position offers salary, commission and generous car allowance.
Position offers significant growth potential for entrepreneurial individual.
Position offers significant opportunities for professional growth.
Position offers supportive, healthy work environment.
Position offers the opportunity to telecommute, in addition to in- house time.
Position offers unlimited growth potential for the right candidate.
Position offers upward career path into plant management.
Position open immideately.
Position openings Second cook.
Position operates and maintains all equipment and tools associated with tree care and removal.
Position operates and maintains lawn equipment and park vehicles.
Position operates with fast-pace environment.
Position oversees one civil service and student employees.
Position oversees the inhouse employee health and education function.
Position oversees the maintenance and preservation of historic structures and landscape.
Position oversees union and non-union employees responsible for planning and zoning.
Position pays based on experience.
Position pays guaranteed salary draw plus commission.
Position pays salary and performance incentives.
Position Performs a variety of planning services.
Position performs additional related duties.
Position performs routine and non-routine custodial services of campus buildings and equipment.
Position performs special research and investigates complaints from the general public.
Position pick in cake.
Position play stations for guards, centers, and forwards are highlighted each day.
Position plays an important role in determining the value of a number in any system.
Position Posted Date Please contact our webperson with questions or comments.
Position Prefers full sun or fertile, well-drained soil.
Position prepares records for archiving.
Position provides an excellent career opportunity for the right individual.
Position provides an opportunity to prepare for an account executive position.
Position provides backup to full time inspector on an on-call basis as needed.
Position provides benefits, intensive training and great career experience.
Position provides counseling and assistance to customers on their insurance needs.
Position provides counseling and education to troubled youth.
Position provides direct service to members of larger community.
Position provides engineering support to ensure compliance with job specifications.
Position provides for flex scheduling as necessary.
Position provides great autonomy.
Position provides leadership, role modeling and involvement to troubled youth.
Position provides supervisory opportunities.
Position provides technical support and analysis for a biomechanics and neurophysiology laboratory.
Position provides technical, clerical and administrative support to the department.
Position provides training and education of law enforcement and child care personnel.
Position rack in lower third of oven and line with a baking tile.
Position rack in lower third of oven.
Position racks to divide oven in thirds.
Position rang before many state either been croquet sets.
Position rear binding and repeat the same steps to mount the front binding.
Position relates to which side of the promoter the structural gene is inserted.
Position remains available until filled.
Position remains contingent upon final budgetary approval.
Position remains open until filled .
Position remains open until filled.
Position remains open until suitable applicant found.
Position remains opened until filled.
Position remains unfilled.
Position reports directly to company president.
Position reports directly to dean, providing oversight of school administrative functions.
Position reports directly to the division administrator and functions under general supervision.
Position reports directly to the fire chief.
Position reports directly to the general manager.
Position Reports The latest monthly report.
Position reports to a five-member board.
Position reports to Casino Controller.
Position reports to city administrator.
Position reports to controller.
Position reports to executive chef.
Position reports to executive director, and is based in Las Cruces.
Position reports to the coordinator of instructional media resources.
Position reports to the Corporate Treasurer.
Position reports to the library director.
Position reports to the police captain.
Position reports to the state turfgrass extension specialist.
Position Represents a location within a document.
Position req'd to travel.
Position requirements High school diploma.
Position requires a bachelor s degree and experience with running support groups or workshops.
Position requires a bachelor's degree in related field.
Position requires a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Position requires a bachelor's degree, preferably in the Arts.
Position requires a background check.
Position requires a background investigation for access to classified information.
Position requires a BS degree and a minimum of four years of field experience.
Position requires a BS degree in engineering or science.
Position requires a BS degree, or equivalent work experience.
Position requires a BSEE and extensive experience in electric distribution engineering.
Position requires a college degree.
Position requires a creative, market-oriented individual with exceptional communication skills.
Position requires a degree in an environmental science or engineering discipline.
Position requires a degree in horticulture or equivalent experience.
Position requires a degree in HR, industrial relations, or related field.
Position requires a degree in liberal arts, communications or journalism.
Position requires a detailed individual with excellent follow-up skills.
Position requires a detailed understanding of industry and client needs.
Position requires a flexible generalist.
Position requires a flexible schedule of day and evening classes.
Position requires a four year degree in a related discipline.
Position requires a four-year degree in civil engineering or utilities engineering.
Position requires a four-year degree in civil engineering.
Position requires a general knowledge of animal breeds.
Position requires a general knowledge of transportation, economic and community development.
Position requires a good understanding of the English, a second language preferably French.
Position requires a graduate degree in economics, finance, statistics, or closely related field.
Position requires a hard working individual with ability to handle multiple projects.
Position requires a high degree of accuracy.
Position requires a high degree of energy and human relations skills.
Position requires a high degree of professionalism.
Position requires a high degree of responsibility and self-motivation.
Position requires a high level of creativity and desire to succeed professionally and financially.
Position requires a high school diploma and five years of related experience in administration.
Position requires a high school diploma and previous public safety or security experience a plus.
Position requires a high school diploma and the ability to communicate well with others.
Position requires a high school diploma or equivalent.
Position requires a high school diploma or GED and experience in working with the public.
Position requires a high technical level with regards to computer software and data.
Position requires a highly self-motivated individual with project management experience.
Position requires a highly self-motivated individual.
Position requires a large amount of extended travel time.
Position requires a law degree and a minimum of five years of professional library management.
Position requires a level of knowledge normally obtained through a high school education.
Position requires a lot of telephone contact with customers.
Position requires a master s degree in biological sciences.
Position requires a master's degree preferably in nursing.
Position requires a min.
Position requires a minimum of four years of technical writing experience.
Position requires a minimum of three years accounting experience.
Position requires a minimum of three years office experience.
Position requires a minimum of two years of college.
Position requires a moderate amount of travel and occasional after-hours work.
Position requires a native English writing translator with patent translation experience.
Position requires a person that is called to mission ministry.
Position requires a person who can interact well with staff, teachers, children and parents.
Position requires a person with initiative to insure timely completion of projects.
Position requires a Ph.D. degree, or evidence of imminent award, in Sociology.
Position requires a PhD in molecular biology or related medical science from a leading school.
Position requires a police background check.
Position requires a post graduate degree in economics, mathematics, statistics or related fields.
Position requires a post-offer and drug screen.
Position requires a professional and pleasant temperament in an active work environment.
Position requires a sales background and highly effective communications skills.
Position requires a scholar with a record of funded research.
Position requires a self starter who works well in a fast paced team enviornment.
Position requires a self-starter who enjoys working with customers.
Position requires a self-starter who enjoys working with people to help businesses grow.
Position requires a strong background in pediatrics.
Position requires a take charge individual with a strong desire to do the job right.
Position requires a technical degree and related experience.
Position requires a thorough knowledge of custodial operations in a large physical plant setting.
Position requires a thorough understanding of optics and optical seeker testing.
Position requires a three year commitment.
Position requires a very detail oriented person.
Position requires a very high level of oral and written communication skills.
Position requires ability to achieve results with minimal supervision.
Position requires ability to effectively interact with variety of publics.
Position requires ability to follow direction, and to collaborate with, and train team members.
Position requires ability to handle frequent fast paced incoming calls in a professional manner.
Position requires ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines.
Position requires ability to move and shelve heavy books.
Position requires ability to plan, organize and direct the functions of the nursing department.
Position requires ability to teach both graduate and undergraduate courses.
Position requires ability to work in the evening to speak with people in Japan by telephone.
Position requires accuracy and attention to detail.
Position requires advanced level practice and ability to work on team.
Position requires an ability to interact favorably with customers.
Position requires an associates degree or equivalent work experience and computer literacy.
Position requires an earned doctorate.
Position requires an in-depth understanding of computers and of both sides of the scripting process.
Position requires an interest or some related experience in media and advertising.
Position requires an ongoing commitment to upgrading of job skills.
Position requires an organized, technically oriented, highly motivated individual.
Position requires an outgoing personality, ability to handle money and attention to detail.
Position requires assisting customers on the phone.
Position requires at least one hour a week commitment for one Semester.
Position requires at least three years of development experience.
Position requires attention to detail and ability to problem solve.
Position requires attention to detail and thorough documentation of all completed work.
Position requires attention to detail in servicing customers in office services related tasks.
Position requires attention to detail.
Position requires availability during non-working hours for emergencies.
Position requires availability nights and weekends.
Position requires BA and public service experience.
Position requires bachelors degree and six years experience in healthcare industry.
Position requires background in customer service, medical association experience useful.
Position requires background in helicopter refurbishments, component repairs, and overhauls.
Position requires background in running campaigns, organizing students and generating media support.
Position requires back-up support to the general service clerk and receptionist when needed.
Position requires basic database, spreadsheet knowledge.
Position requires basic dental assisting skills.
Position requires basic shop skills in cutting, waxing, stacking and cleaning glass substrates.
Position requires both inpatient and outpatient work, and the ability to treat patients of all ages.
Position requires candidate to be sales team-oriented with strong people skills.
Position requires clear communication with web developers, writers, programmers and clients.
Position requires clerical, computer and customer service skills.
Position requires close attention to detail and ability to work with minimal supervision.
Position requires close interaction with clinical faculty, residents and engineering students.
Position requires close physical contact with inmates and direct contact with the public.
Position requires close supervision and guidance.
Position requires close technical oversight of project team.
Position requires close to moderate supervision.
Position requires commercial plumbing experience.
Position requires competency in either data analysis, or international economics, or both.
Position requires computer experience and customer service skills.
Position requires computer experience as well as strong analytical and organizational skills.
Position requires computer literacy with strong word processing skills.
Position requires confidentiality and discretion.
Position requires considerable independent judgement and creative problem solving.
Position requires considerable initiative and ability to work independently.
Position requires considerable initiative and independent decision-making.
Position requires constant customer interaction.
Position requires conviction record check.
Position requires coordination and consensus building across MAUs and site campuses.
Position requires criminal background check, current TB test and drug screening.
Position requires customer interaction and understanding of interdisciplinary concepts.
Position requires customer-oriented attitude including tact and diplomacy.
Position requires daily maintenance of three latrines, monitor fee compliance, and litter pick up.
Position requires dedicated, young, motivated and pleasant individual.
Position requires detailed and sensitive public contact.
Position requires detail-oriented person for tracking inventory.
Position requires diploma or associate's degree in nursing and licensure in the state of Ohio.
Position requires discretion and attention to detail.
Position requires driving a dump truck.
Position requires driving own vehicle and having own car insurance.
Position requires driving whenever necessary to meet all client needs.
Position requires drug testing.
Position requires due diligence, asset management, and acquisition analysis.
Position requires eight days per month.
Position requires employee to drive and operate trucks and equipment as needed.
Position requires employee to stand while operating equipment.
Position requires employees to stand while operating equipment.
Position requires evening and weekend hours.
Position requires evenings and occasional weekend work.
Position requires evenings and weekends.
Position requires excellent analytical and communication skills.
Position requires excellent analytical and organizational ability both orally and in writing.
Position requires excellent attention to detail and the ability to juggle many projects.
Position requires excellent communication and inter-personal skills.
Position requires excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Position requires excellent communication and people skills.
Position requires excellent communication skills and experience in dealing directly with customers.
Position requires excellent communication skills and the ability to meet deadlines.
Position requires excellent communication skills.
Position requires excellent communication, problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
Position requires excellent communications and time management skills.
Position requires excellent communications and time-management skills.
Position requires excellent communications skills.
Position requires excellent interpersonal and communication skills with all levels of people.
Position requires excellent interpersonal and organizational skills.
Position requires excellent interpersonal communication and customer service skills.
Position requires excellent interpersonal skills also.
Position requires excellent interpersonal skills and a service oriented mentality.
Position requires excellent interpersonal skills and an ability to multi-task under pressure.
Position requires excellent interpersonal skills.
Position requires excellent oral and written communication skills and basic office equipment.
Position requires excellent oral and written communication skills.
Position requires excellent oral and written communications skills.
Position requires excellent oral, written, computer and networking skills.
Position requires excellent oral, written, computer, and networking skill.
Position requires excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Position requires excellent problem-solving, communication, and teamwork skills.
Position requires excellent technical writing and speaking skills.
Position requires excellent telephone manner and excellent typing skills.
Position requires excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Position requires excellent writing and oral presentation skills.
Position requires excellent written and oral communication skills.
Position requires excellent written and oral presentation skills.
Position requires excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Position requires excellent written verbal and interpersonal skills.
Position requires exceptional organization, verbal and written communication skills.
Position requires excessive walking and working in sometimes inclement weather.
Position requires exercise of independent judgment following established guidelines.
Position requires experience in circulation management.
Position requires experience in molecular biology.
Position requires experience in service contract sales, regardless of industry.
Position requires experience in welding and fabrication of metal components.
Position requires experience reporting on finance and business issues.
Position requires expertise in expression and purification for novel cytoskeletal proteins.
Position requires extensive apparel engineering management and costing experience.
Position requires extensive business experience.
Position requires extensive evening, early morning and weekend hours.
Position requires extensive experience in apparel manufacturing and engineering.
Position requires extensive experience with page layouts using style sheets and master pages.
Position requires extensive field work and camping in remote settings.
Position requires extensive interaction with customers and employees.
Position requires extensive interaction with health professionals and the general public.
Position requires extensive intra-state travel .
Position requires extensive overnight travel.
Position requires extensive telephone and PC use, predominantly in a sitting position.
Position requires extensive time in the field with an opportunity to travel.
Position requires extensive travel and flexible work hours.
Position requires extensive travel during peak recruiting season.
Position requires extensive travel throughout New England.
Position requires extensive travel to communities across the country.
Position requires extensive travel within the United States.
Position requires extensive travel.
Position requires extensive traveling.
Position requires extensive walking.
Position requires extreme and constant discretion with confidential issues.
Position requires familiarity with all shop tools and experience with composites a plus.
Position requires familiarity with at least one computer-assisted interview application.
Position requires familiarity with transit delivery and resource management.
Position requires five years of account management experience with some package goods background.
Position requires flexibility for evening and weekend hours.
Position requires flexibility for porject relief work and daily schedule.
Position requires flexible hours and a willingness to work rotating shifts.
Position requires flexible hours.
Position requires flexible, imaginative leader.
Position requires frequent coordination with content owners for updates.
Position requires frequent overnight travel.
Position requires frequent overseas travel.
Position requires frequent travel throughout the state and night and weekend work.
Position requires frequent travel.
Position requires frequent walking trips to various campus job assignments.
Position requires general supervision.
Position requires good communication skills, and the ability to work as a team member.
Position requires good communication, clerical and light computer skills.
Position requires good customer service skills.
Position requires good econometric and communications skills and the ability to work independently.
Position requires good interpersonal, communication, and time management skills.
Position requires good organization, leadership, supervisory, and sales skills.
Position requires good people skills, excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Position requires good technical writing and communication skills.
Position requires good telephone etiquette.
Position requires good verbal communication skills.
Position requires heavy attention to detail and strong math skills.
Position requires heavy client contact.
Position requires heavy lifting and some inventory control.
Position requires heavy manual labor including heavy lifting.
Position requires heavy telephone contact, updating computer system with new information.
Position requires heavy travel.
Position requires high degree of confidentiality and accuracy.
Position requires high energy, accurate data entry and confidentiality.
Position requires high level of troubleshooting.
Position requires High school degree or equivalency.
Position requires highly accurate solution preparation as well as analysis.
Position requires highly motivated individual with excellent organizational skills.
Position requires home PC with access to Internet and e-mail.
Position requires independence, priority setting, and support of user community.
Position requires independent and team work.
Position requires independent decision making to resolve customer problems and complaints.
Position requires individual who understands flat cutting as well as three-dimensional work.
Position requires individuals to perform long hours and manual labor.
Position requires individuals with excellent research, writing, and organizational skills.
Position requires initiative, follow-thru, and desire.
Position requires intensive supervision and training.
Position requires interacting with inmates.
Position requires interaction with both internal and external constituents in a professional manner.
Position requires interaction with vendors and hospital departments.
Position requires interpersonal and communication skills.
Position requires involvement in all aspects of managing a large academic computing center.
Position requires job-related medical surveillance and assessment.
Position requires job-related medical surveillance assesment.
Position requires job-related medical surveillance assessment.
Position requires knowledge of data communications, networking technologies, and applications.
Position requires knowledge of special hematological and blood banking procedures.
Position requires leadership and strong communication skills.
Position requires lifting lightweight materials such as books, etc.
Position requires lifting of equipment and injured athletes.
Position requires light houskeeping and general maintainence in exchange for free lot and hook-ups.
Position requires light physical exertion and the ability to sit for extended periods of time.
Position requires light physical exertion and to sit for extended periods of time.
Position requires limited supervision.
Position requires little instruction or supervision.
Position requires little travel, great salary and great benefits.
Position requires local travel to various local sites including consumers' homes.
Position requires local travel.
Position requires lots of public contact, excellent customer service skills required.
Position requires maintaining client file database.
Position requires manual dexterity and the ability to talk, hear, see, stand, walk, and climb.
Position requires marketing experience, good Internet skills and a proven track record in sales.
Position requires master's degree and both supervisory and residential experience.
Position requires mechanical ability, own tools, grounds and janitorial duties.
Position requires medical surveillance and assessment.
Position requires minimum of one year commercial driving experience.
Position requires minimum two - three years public relations experience.
Position requires moderate accounting skills.
Position requires moderate supervision.
Position requires moderate travel throughout the state.
Position requires moderate travel.
Position requires mortgage loan origination experience and the desire to succeed.
Position requires motivated self-starter with strong organizational, typing, and computer skills.
Position requires night and weekend work.
Position requires occasional driving of own vehicle to facilitation transport of documentation.
Position requires occasional emergency response.
Position requires occasional overnight travel.
Position requires occasional overtime.
Position requires occasional same-day travel to various clinics throughout Wisconsin.
Position requires occasional travel and overtime.
Position requires occasional travel.
Position requires on-call status.
Position requires on-site living.
Position requires organizational skills and attention to detail.
Position requires outdoor work often in inclement weather.
Position requires outstanding interpersonal and communication skills.
Position requires overseas travel.
Position requires overtime and working weekend hours.
Position requires overtime.
Position requires own transportation.
Position requires participating in activities pertinent to program, department and university needs.
Position requires past managerial experience, as well as technical expertise.
Position requires PC skills and a HS diploma or equivalent.
Position requires person to be on call, responding immediately.
Position requires personal computer skills.
Position requires physical ability to do field work and a good driving record.
Position requires physical examination and drug screen.
Position requires polygraph exam and psychological evaluation.
Position requires pre-employment drug test.
Position requires previous experience or knowledge of the before mentioned industry.
Position requires proficiency in personal computer skills and all basic office equipment.
Position requires prolonged standing and walking.
Position requires prolonged video display terminal viewing and extended sitting.
Position requires proven innovation and leadership abilities.
Position requires proven leadership ability with demonstrated effectiveness and outcomes.
Position requires pulling from stock, building costumes, purchasing required items.
Position requires punctuality, and ability to work independently.
Position requires rapid decision-making, organizational skills, and strong leadership ability.
Position requires reasonable amount of driving.
Position requires regular afternoon and evening hours, with some weekends and team travel in season.
Position requires regular travel within the region defined above.
Position requires reliable transportation and current liability insurance.
Position requires reliable, discreet and efficient person with computer skills.
Position requires residence in or frequent travel to Ukraine.
Position requires residency in the Greater Boston Area.
Position requires residency in the Washington D.C. to Baltimore Area.
Position requires retail nursery management experience or related industry experience.
Position requires rotating shift work to include working evenings and weekends.
Position requires rotating shifts.
Position requires rotational on-call duties.
Position requires schedule keeping and Internet-based research capabilities.
Position requires scheduling flexibility to accommodate projects and deadlines.
Position requires scientific expertise and drug development skills.
Position requires server and email administration.
Position requires shift work including nights, weekends, and holidays.
Position requires shift-work, which includes some nights, weekends, and holidays.
Position requires significant attention to detail and a willingness to travel.
Position requires significant attention to detail.
Position requires significant course work in accounting.
Position requires significant evening and weekend work.
Position requires significant interaction with clients and plan participants.
Position requires significant responsibilities in supervision and advisement of student filmmakers.
Position requires skills in assessment, planning, and implementation of music therapy programs.
Position requires solid oral and written communication skills.
Position requires solid technical and design experience.
Position requires some database programming.
Position requires some direct service.
Position requires some evening and some weekend hours.
Position requires some evening and weekend hours and travel.
Position requires some evening and weekend work and travel.
Position requires some evening and weekend work.
Position requires some evening work.
Position requires some experience in web system design and authoring system development.
Position requires some heavy lifting.
Position requires some lifting of furniture.
Position requires some lifting.
Position requires some light lifting and after hours and weekend hours.
Position requires some manual prunning and labor.
Position requires some minimal travel.
Position requires some night and weekend hours.
Position requires some project management and classroom instruction.
Position requires some special skills and training.
Position requires some travel and occasional after-hours work.
Position requires some travel throughout the Dayton area.
Position requires some travel.
Position requires some walking.
Position requires some weekend and late night duties when required by experimental protocol.
Position requires someone who is comfortable working in a clinical environment.
Position requires speed, accuracy, an eye for detail and multi-tasking skills.
Position requires stability, dependability and professionalism.
Position requires state licensure and knowledge of aseptic technique.
Position requires strong administrative skills and proven ability to represent institution publicly.
Position requires strong analytical and communications skills.
Position requires strong analytical skills and an ability to interpret complex state lemon laws.
Position requires strong commitment to teamwork, quality and customer focus.
Position requires strong communication and writing skills.
Position requires strong communication, analytical and organizational skills.
Position requires strong computer, communication and organizational skills.
Position requires strong customer service and organizational skills.
Position requires strong editing, organizational and interviewing skills.
Position requires strong human relations skills as well as expertise in the subject tutored.
Position requires strong interpersonal, verbal communication, and written communication skills.
Position requires strong knowledge in the travel industry.
Position requires strong knowledge of middleware systems and multi-tiered architecture.
Position requires strong management skills, be highly organized and self-motivated.
Position requires strong oral and written communication skills.
Position requires strong organizational and leadership skills.
Position requires strong organizational skills with emphasis on detail and accuracy.
Position requires strong problem-solving skills.
Position requires strong technical accounting skills as well as excellent managerial skills.
Position requires strong technical and learning skills.
Position requires strong technical, writing and business development skills.
Position requires strong verbal and written communication skills.
Position requires strong written communication skills.
Position requires substantive coverage litigation experience.
Position requires successful completion of concurrent responsibilities and projects.
Position requires supervision of student workers.
Position requires teaching in coursework that integrates management and marketing knowledge.
Position requires teaching on all levels as well as possible special topics courses.
Position requires the ability to deal sensitively with highly confidential information.
Position requires the ability to obtain a security clearance in a reasonable amount of time.
Position requires the ability to operate large boats and work in remote backcountry locations.
Position requires the ability to work independently and on deadline.
Position requires the ability to work into evening hours or weekends.
Position requires the ability to work on complex problems within a team environment.
Position requires the ability to work well under pressure.
Position requires the ability to work with staff at all levels of the organization.
Position requires the supervision of several small teams, typically with three to eight members.
Position requires the teacher to secure a special education endorsement within three years.
Position requires the willingness to travel in-state including occasional overnight trips.
Position requires three to five years experience.
Position requires travel and flexible work hours.
Position requires travel between campuses.
Position requires travel four to five days per quarter.
Position requires travel in the county, and working with all branch libraries.
Position requires travel in U.S. and possibly abroad.
Position requires travel several weeks per year.
Position requires travel to consumers' homes and other sites.
Position requires travel to Europe and Far East for off shore factory support.
Position requires travel to fulfill assigned responsibilities.
Position requires travel to Mexico.
Position requires travel.
Position requires two years experience and a degree in planning or a closely related field.
Position requires two years experience as a news photographer.
Position requires understanding of various rating mechanisms including insured and self-funded.
Position requires use of flextime and statewide travel.
Position requires using a personal computer for most of the workday.
Position requires weekend and holiday work.
Position requires weekend work on a rotating basis and in other areas as assigned.
Position requires weekend work.
Position requires weekend, holiday, and rotating shift work, on call, and overtime as needed.
Position requires weekend, holidays and rotating shifts.
Position requires weekly contact via e-mail or phone and twice a month outings.
Position requires willingness to travel.
Position requires willingness to work on hazardous waste sites and some travel.
Position requires word processing and other office skills.
Position requires work on ladders, lifting of heavy crates and artifacts.
Position requires working at a computer for extended periods of time.
Position requires working in a confined area and frequently working alone on assigned shifts.
Position requires working in a variety of weather conditions and standing for long periods of time.
Position requires working in and outdoors.
Position requires working occasional evenings and weekends.
Position requires working some nights, weekends, and holidays.
Position requires working with caustic, volatile, and radioactive substances and chemicals.
Position requires working with small children.
Position requires writing skills and good judgment.
Position roses on top and at base of sheet.
Position rounds and split season.
Position runs from now until the end of the semester.
Position s .
Position sashes at the arrows to ensure proper airflow velocities at the work opening.
Position scrolls and filigree swirls for headboard.
Position Seek Positions the current file pointer.
Position sensing on a single linear axis is straightforward.
Position serves as the contracting official for the gypsy moth and seed programs.
Position serves as the primary compliance officer for the weights and measures program.
Position serves both division.
Position serves Coos County.
Position slides against the ceiling and floor of the cabinet and inset from the front.
Position specializes in long-range community planning, historic preservation and urban design.
Position specimens with wood sticks or a pair of dedicated tweezers.
Position stand on exercise and fluid replacement.
Position stand on exercise and physical activity for older adults.
Position stand on the use of anabolic- androgenic steroids in sports.
Position stand on weight loss in wrestlers.
Position start date is negotiable.
Position starts as part time substitute.
Position starts immediately.
Position statements about the use of game theory or decision theory in agent systems.
Position stencils on cake sides and ice area smooth.
Position stencils over the painted posterboard.
Position supervises a staff of seven including code enforcement and animal control.
Position supervises one part time intern.
Position supplements the technical expertise available through the partnership.
Position supports three principals.
Position supports transfer programs and goals.
Position terminates no later than upon expiration of court certification.
Position transfers ii.
Position updates every second.
Position used is physician's choice.
Position uses logical deduction to identify hardware problems.
Position varies among the genera from near apex to posterior portion of stylet.
Position Verify the position number.
Position wands on and around cake.
Position windows away from bright external surfaces that create glare.
Position wins points.
Position works closely with attorneys, and law clerks.
Position works closely with the customer to ensure a successful launch of production.
Position works closely with traffic manager, sales, and production departments.
Position works in a multiphysician academic medical center practice.
Position works rotating shifts.
Position works varying work schedule and includes some evenings and weekends.
Position works varying work schedule which includes evening and weekends.
Position works with a heavy caseload under tight deadlines.
Position works with guidance under immediate supervision.
Position works with student teacher placements and professional licensure.
Positions abound in all of our departments.
Positions advertised are adjunct academic employee positions.
Positions advertised are subject to budgetary approval.
Positions affect apprenticeship training activities in an assigned area.
Positions affect status.
Positions allow for some scheduling flexibility.
Positions also are available in industry, research and veterinary offices.
Positions also exist in editorial and research.
Positions also exist within independent shops and smaller chains.
Positions also inspect, examine and test filling materials to ensure compliance with law.
Positions also issue tree trimming and vegetation control permits.
Positions also maintain records, reference materials, training aids and course materials.
Positions also plan the future direction of the state health benefits programs.
Positions also provide consultation and daily oversight to localities and facilities.
Positions also provide consultation and oversight to localities or institutions.
Positions also provide consultation to clarify and interpret state tax laws and assure compliance.
Positions also review reports and records of district shops and work crews.
Positions also serve in our picnic areas, assisting with large company groups.
Positions also supervise clerical positions supporting hearing office operations.
Positions also supervise office services positions supporting hearing office operations.
Positions also supervise other professional and technical program support and secretarial staff.
Positions also supervise other staff.
Positions also testify in court and at administrative hearings and represent the agency in court.
Positions also use computers to gather data related to programs.
Positions also vary in pres- tige.
Positions alter to reflect changed specs or prices and new entries.
Positions appear to be available on a first come - first served basis.
Positions are a predictor of baby's gender.
Positions are able to testify in administrative hearings and in court as an expert witness.
Positions are accountable for individual cash shortages and a designated portion of stock shortages.
Positions are also available as accounting clerks, bookkeepers, and administrative assistants.
Positions are also available as circulation and advertising directors.
Positions are also available at the full, associate, and assistant levels.
Positions are also available at the high school.
Positions are also available for adults to serve as leaders.
Positions are also available for adults to serve as monitors and exit interviewers.
Positions are also available for an instructor and a driver.
Positions are also available for interns pursuing their undergraduate degrees.
Positions are also available for part time office staff.
Positions are also available for section strings and substitutes for all instruments.
Positions are also available for single individuals.
Positions are also available in clinics and agencies.
Positions are also available in nonprofit organizations and the business sector.
Positions are also available in other offices around the country.
Positions are also available in other research areas to suitable candidates.
Positions are also available in our international offices.
Positions are also available in private industry where security and loss prevention are paramount.
Positions are also available in research, business, finance and hospitality.
Positions are also available in the fast-growing private sector.
Positions are also available in Washington, DC and New York.
Positions are also available to research, develop and implement new educational activities.
Positions are also open for full-time columnists.
Positions are also responsible for providing technical advice and assistance to crew members.
Positions are always available in the sanctuary choir.
Positions are always open for writers, artists, photographers and online assistants.
Positions are annually renewable.
Positions are approximate and indicate occupancy of one or more blocks.
Positions are assumptions.
Positions are at front entrance, gas bar or tour bus terminal.
Positions are at least one semester in length.
Positions are attitude.
Positions are available across New York State.
Positions are available all over the metro area.
Positions are available all year round.
Positions are available anywhere in the world a student wishes to live.
Positions are available as Counselors and Site Managers working with children in summer camps.
Positions are available as counselors, teachers or support staff.
Positions are available as curators and several levels of keepers.
Positions are available as exceptional candidates are identified.
Positions are available as intake coordinators and consultant examiners.
Positions are available as museum, visual resource or studio assistants.
Positions are available as openings occur.
Positions are available as reporters, editors, photographers, and advertising salespeople.
Positions are available as research, teaching or graduate assistants.
Positions are available as riding director, wranglers, counselors, and program staff.
Positions are available at all levels and in every type of business.
Positions are available at all levels of government, industry and education.
Positions are available at all levels, from junior staffers to senior management.
Positions are available at all levels.
Positions are available at all locations.
Positions are available at all of our locations.
Positions are available at both locations.
Positions are available at both the appellate and trial level.
Positions are available at both the Indianapolis and Toronto locations.
Positions are available at dozens of cities across the country.
Positions are available at most Branch Libraries.
Positions are available at numerous locations throughout the United States.
Positions are available at our Maryland, New Jersey, and New York locations.
Positions are available at our Vienna, Virginia and Bombay, India offices.
Positions are available at research scientist or postdoctoral levels.
Positions are available at several different levels from field biologist to senior project manager.
Positions are available at summer playgrounds and day camps.
Positions are available at the following centers.
Positions are available at the following offices.
Positions are available at the locations listed below.
Positions are available at the membership desk or for exhibit interpreters.
Positions are available at the secondary, middle and elementary school levels.
Positions are available at various school sites.
Positions are available at various suburban locations.
Positions are available both on and off campus.
Positions are available both on campus and with local community service organizations.
Positions are available contingent upon enrollment, funding and departmental needs.
Positions are available contingent upon enrollment, funding, and departmental needs.
Positions are available continuously.
Positions are available days, evenings, or weekends.
Positions are available daytime, evenings and weekends.
Positions are available during the day, evenings and weekends.
Positions are available during the spring, summer, and fall.
Positions are available during weekdays and work parties are held every weekend.
Positions are available each quarter for qualified undergraduates.
Positions are available evening and night shifts.
Positions are available for all experience levels.
Positions are available for all kinds of fields and majors.
Positions are available for all levels of experience.
Positions are available for all musical instruments of the orchestra.
Positions are available for an initial two year term with the possibility of renewal.
Positions are available for applicants with a variety of skill levels.
Positions are available for applications programmers and database programmers.
Positions are available for before school, during recess, and after school.
Positions are available for both chemists and biologists.
Positions are available for both during the school year and the summer.
Positions are available for both emergency response and non-emergency support.
Positions are available for both entry level and experienced personnel.
Positions are available for both on-water and land training coaches.
Positions are available for both our professional, paid members, as well as our interns.
Positions are available for both part time and full time applicants.
Positions are available for both residents and non-residents.
Positions are available for both senior and junior level trading roles.
Positions are available for candidates already admitted or seeking admission to the bar.
Positions are available for child and adult psychiatrists.
Positions are available for clerical, field, and laborer positions.
Positions are available for computer scientists and technicians in the following broad categories.
Positions are available for concentration in clinical care, education and clinical research.
Positions are available for counselors, unit leaders, program staff, and nurses.
Positions are available for day, evening and night shifts with days off to be determined.
Positions are available for enlisted soldiers, warrant officers and officers.
Positions are available for entry-level and experienced personnel.
Positions are available for entry-level operators, senior operators, and plant managers.
Positions are available for fall, spring and summer terms.
Positions are available for final-year undergraduates, postgraduates and early career professionals.
Positions are available for full-time physical therapists.
Positions are available for graduating actuarial students.
Positions are available for highway and structural rehabilitation contracts throughout Ontario.
Positions are available for immediate occupancy.
Positions are available for interested and dedicated students.
Positions are available for leaders in camps, sports, nature, and playground programs.
Positions are available for nephrologists, a nurse and an at-large position.
Positions are available for next semester.
Positions are available for officers, student interest group representatives, and senators.
Positions are available for one fellow in each of the three years of training.
Positions are available for one mechanical and one electrical engineering student.
Positions are available for overseas assignments.
Positions are available for peer tutoring, promotions, group facilitation, and research.
Positions are available for people with a variety of skills.
Positions are available for people with lots of time, or just a couple of hours each month.
Positions are available for professional workers and student trainees.
Positions are available for programmers, level designers, texture artists, modelers and animators.
Positions are available for qualified minority faculty in an unclear way.
Positions are available for RNs and LPNs with at least one year of recent, acute care experience.
Positions are available for spring, summer and fall.
Positions are available for students throughout the college.
Positions are available for Summer and Fall.
Positions are available for summer, fall and spring terms.
Positions are available for summer, fall, and spring.
Positions are available for talented candidates at all levels and in a variety of technical fields.
Positions are available for talented candidates at all levels.
Positions are available for talented candidates in the following disciplines and functions.
Positions are available for the fall and spring semesters, as well as the summer semester.
Positions are available for the fall, spring and summer semesters.
Positions are available for the summer season as well as year 'round positions.
Positions are available for the upcoming short course season.
Positions are available for twelve months' or one semester periods.
Positions are available for undergraduate students and graduate students.
Positions are available for undergraduates students and recent graduates.
Positions are available for undergraduates, law students, and attorneys.
Positions are available for various camp activities.
Positions are available for writers, photographers, artists, typists and editors.
Positions are available from entry level to management.
Positions are available from one to three quarters.
Positions are available from sales to design.
Positions are available full time, part time and prn.
Positions are available immediately and for a period of up to three years.
Positions are available immediately at entry or advanced levels of postdoctoral experience.
Positions are available immediately for credit or experience.
Positions are available immediately, or when mutually convenient.
Positions are available immediately.
Positions are available in a guild.
Positions are available in a large variety of organizations.
Positions are available in a number of criminal justice agencies.
Positions are available in a number of geographic regions.
Positions are available in a variety of areas such as academia, research, and private industry.
Positions are available in a variety of disciplines.
Positions are available in a variety of local organizations and on U.T.'scampus.
Positions are available in a wide array of majors in various regions around the world.
Positions are available in a wide variety of academic disciplines.
Positions are available in academic and administrative departments.
Positions are available in academic and administrative offices across campus.
Positions are available in academic departments and in some administrative offices.
Positions are available in academic, health care, and state and federal government settings.
Positions are available in Africa, Asia and the Pacific.
Positions are available in Africa, the Americas, Canada, East Asia, Europe, and the Middle East.
Positions are available in all areas of school activities, helping teachers and students.
Positions are available in all areas of the city.
Positions are available in all areas of the county.
Positions are available in all areas, and training is provided.
Positions are available in all areas.
Positions are available in all branches.
Positions are available in all departments.
Positions are available in all halls.
Positions are available in all locations.
Positions are available in all majors.
Positions are available in all of our major communities.
Positions are available in all of special education.
Positions are available in all of the areas listed here.
Positions are available in all parts of the country.
Positions are available in all schools, grades and fields.
Positions are available in all types and sizes of institutions.
Positions are available in almost all industries.
Positions are available in almost all states.
Positions are available in Atlanta and South Florida.
Positions are available in Atlanta, on the West Coast and internationally.
Positions are available in both English and Spanish speaking classrooms an all grade levels.
Positions are available in both hospital and retail pharmacy settings.
Positions are available in both Northern and Southern California.
Positions are available in both our accounting and auditing departments.
Positions are available in both our New Orleans and Shreveport offices.
Positions are available in both public and private sectors in many diverse areas.
Positions are available in Burbank and U.K. offices.
Positions are available in Citrus County are effective speaking, English, math and philosophy.
Positions are available in communities throughout Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Positions are available in consulting, finance, marketing, strategy, venture capital and more.
Positions are available in Emporia and surrounding areas.
Positions are available in every department throughout the store.
Positions are available in federal, state, local and private corrections systems.
Positions are available in finance and information technology as well as e-commerce and business.
Positions are available in fund-raising and grant research.
Positions are available in Germany, Switzerland, Belgium, Luxemburg, Finland, Japan, and Singapore.
Positions are available in government, industry, and academia.
Positions are available in government, industry, and academic institutions.
Positions are available in landscape maintenance and nursery practices.
Positions are available in large medical centers as well as underserved rural and intercity areas.
Positions are available in law firms, government, banks and large corporations.
Positions are available in law, consulting, insurance, etc.
Positions are available in many of our Claims offices.
Positions are available in many subjects including support staff.
Positions are available in Melbourne, other parts of Australia and overseas.
Positions are available in metropolitan areas and a few select small cities and townships.
Positions are available in most areas for new graduates.
Positions are available in most states.
Positions are available in multiple disciplines in both New York and London.
Positions are available in multiple regions.
Positions are available in new and existing stores.
Positions are available in New Jersey Connecticut.
Positions are available in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Connecticut.
Positions are available in numerous sectors and varying salary ranges.
Positions are available in our Houston, Dallas, and Austin, Texas, offices.
Positions are available in our Illinois market.
Positions are available in our Michigan market.
Positions are available in our Minnesota, Illinois, Wisconsin and Michigan markets.
Positions are available in our offices in Queens, NY, and Melville, Long Island.
Positions are available in our offices throughout the United States.
Positions are available in our Wisconsin market.
Positions are available in preschool, elementary, secondary and high schools in the area.
Positions are available in private practices, clinics and hospitals.
Positions are available in production and utilization of horticultural crops and products.
Positions are available in public schools, career centers and other educational institutions.
Positions are available in regions of North America and selected countries.
Positions are available in reporting and advertising.
Positions are available in retail sales, hospitality, banking, education, and engineering.
Positions are available in second shift.
Positions are available in several convenient locations on campus.
Positions are available in several hospitals, research labs, counseling centers, and other settings.
Positions are available in several locations.
Positions are available in several U.S. cities, as well as international cities.
Positions are available in social services, industry, health care and government.
Positions are available in Springfield and Chicago.
Positions are available in stage management and technical crew.
Positions are available in stock rooms and for sales clerks and gift wrappers.
Positions are available in store locations on the east side.
Positions are available in teaching, nursing and community service.
Positions are available in the Atlanta area, lower Connecticut, Denver, and in Southern California.
Positions are available in the categories listed below.
Positions are available in the fields listed below.
Positions are available in the Fresno district office.
Positions are available in the locations noted above.
Positions are available in the many hospitals and clinics in the U.S. and around the world.
Positions are available in the Michigan, Chicago, and Northwest Indiana areas.
Positions are available in the Mid-Missouri area and nationwide.
Positions are available in the morning, afternoon, and evening.
Positions are available in the morning, afternoon, or evening, during the week or on the weekends.
Positions are available in the Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Boston and New York areas.
Positions are available in the scenery, props, costumes and lighting.
Positions are available in the shelter, mental health and housing programs.
Positions are available in the summer also.
Positions are available in the Toronto office as well as other offices.
Positions are available in the U.S. and Canada.
Positions are available in the United States and overseas.
Positions are available in the USA, Canada, Europe, New Zealand, Australia, South Africa.
Positions are available in the Washington, DC area.
Positions are available in three divisions.
Positions are available in various areas of the country.
Positions are available in various departments and dining facilities.
Positions are available in various sales territories nationwide.
Positions are available in Washington, D.C. and overseas.
Positions are available in Washington, DC, Arlington, VA, and regional offices.
Positions are available in writing, layout, business, typing, and photography.
Positions are available locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally.
Positions are available mainly in the clerical and administrative areas.
Positions are available nationwide in the following careers.
Positions are available nationwide.
Positions are available nights and weekends.
Positions are available now and for our Summer program.
Positions are available now in the areas of programming, sales, and customer service.
Positions are available now.
Positions are available on a first come - first served basis.
Positions are available on a full time or part-time basis.
Positions are available on a full time, part time and per diem basis.
Positions are available on a near regular basis, despite recent cutbacks.
Positions are available on a noncancellable basis.
Positions are available on a variety of nursing units.
Positions are available on a very limited basis.
Positions are available on a weekend-only or weekday and weekend basis.
Positions are available on all shifts in our residential treatment and group home programs.
Positions are available on ALL shifts.
Positions are available on an on-going basis.
Positions are available on an ongoing basis.
Positions are available on campus and at some non-profit agencies.
Positions are available on campus and throughout the region.
Positions are available on campus for approximately five hours of part-time employment per week.
Positions are available on each voyage.
Positions are available on the golf team.
Positions are available on various day and evening shifts, with varied days off.
Positions are available part time, full time or on a contract basis.
Positions are available separately or combined.
Positions are available so come on in and sign up.
Positions are available throughout Douglas County.
Positions are available throughout each division.
Positions are available throughout England and Wales.
Positions are available throughout Oregon and southern Washington.
Positions are available throughout Oregon and southwest Washington.
Positions are available throughout Pierce County in a variety of agencies.
Positions are available throughout the academic year and summer.
Positions are available throughout the academic year.
Positions are available throughout the city.
Positions are available throughout the country in both urban and rural settings.
Positions are available throughout the country.
Positions are available throughout the Philadelphia suburbs and South Jersey.
Positions are available throughout the United States and Canada.
Positions are available throughout the United States and in many foreign countries.
Positions are available throughout the United States.
Positions are available throughout the year, although most occur during the summer months.
Positions are available throughout the year, and can be arranged as full or part time.
Positions are available throughout the year, but most are offered during the summer.
Positions are available throughout the year.
Positions are available to all students, regardless of major.
Positions are available to assist faculty members and serve as a computer lab assistant.
Positions are available to Canadian citizens or landed immigrants.
Positions are available to fit almost everyone's schedule and interests.
Positions are available to fit any schedule.
Positions are available to join our aircrew teams.
Positions are available to juniors or seniors interested in economics or political science.
Positions are available to members with no experience.
Positions are available to students in all academic areas.
Positions are available to tutor children in the preschool through elementary age range.
Positions are available to work days, evenings or weekends.
Positions are available to work in the stables.
Positions are available winter, spring, summer and fall.
Positions are available with campus departments and nonprofit agencies off campus.
Positions are available with each project.
Positions are available with nearly every academic and administrative department on campus.
Positions are available working in labs, clinics and business settings within the hospital.
Positions are available world wide for instructors.
Positions are available world wide.
Positions are available worldwide.
Positions are available year round, with the majority being available at the beginning of fall term.
Positions are available, the starting salaries are high, and the future looks good.
Positions are available.
Positions are base salary plus commission.
Positions are body positions.
Positions are both contract and permanent.
Positions are both full and part-time with flexible scheduling.
Positions are career- oriented and focus on the intern receiving maximum experience.
Positions are classified based upon the work assigned.
Positions are closely supervised and decisions are made with supervisors.
Positions are closely supervised and decisions made with supervisor.
Positions are competitive and final selection is done by the host organization.
Positions are contingent on budgetary approval.
Positions are contingent on funding.
Positions are contingent upon availability of funding.
Positions are contingent upon budgetary approval.
Positions are contingent upon final budgetary approval.
Positions are contingent upon funding approvals.
Positions are contingent upon funding.
Positions are contingent upon the availability of funding.
Positions are contract and full time.
Positions are contractual.
Positions are crucial.
Positions are currently available for audit managers and auditors, based in Boulder, Colorado.
Positions are currently available for generator service technicians.
Positions are currently available for professionals with experience in the software industry.
Positions are currently available in health services, dining services and housekeeping.
Positions are currently available in the departments listed below.
Positions are currently available in the Philadelphia and Boston areas.
Positions are currently available on all shifts, some with flexible hours.
Positions are currently available on our first shift schedule.
Positions are currently available throughout the Cape.
Positions are currently available.
Positions are currently open for postdoctoral fellows, graduate fellows and undergraduate students .
Positions are currently open in the departments listed to the left.
Positions are currently open in the Southwest, Southeast and Gulf Coast states.
Positions are day shift unless noted.
Positions are dependent on extramural funding and research contracts of individual P.I.s.
Positions are dependent upon approval of funding.
Positions are direct with full benefit package.
Positions are director, supervisor, manager, or other middle and executive management positions.
Positions are during weekdays and training is provided.
Positions are dynamic, especially today.
Positions are either full time or part time.
Positions are either in a research laboratory or office environment.
Positions are entry level as well as supervisory level.
Positions are entry level to senior management.
Positions are entry-level on a management track.
Positions are extremely limited and therefore highly competitive.
Positions are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
Positions are flexible part time.
Positions are for a minimum of six months.
Positions are for both credit and pay.
Positions are for both singles and married couples.
Positions are for field work, data gathering, data entry, and data analysis.
Positions are for four years and they can be re-appointed.
Positions are for full time and part time.
Positions are for game nights only.
Positions are for independent contractors with significant income guarantees.
Positions are for legal billers and legal billing supervisors.
Positions are for mostly inpatient.
Positions are for one year initially, normally renewed for a second year and possibly a third.
Positions are for one year with possible extensions, depending on the availability of funds.
Positions are for one year, with option to extend for a second year.
Positions are for one year.
Positions are for one-year initial contract on a single status.
Positions are for permanent hire.
Positions are for program assistant and project planner.
Positions are for serious minded individuals in sales and marketing.
Positions are for ten months.
Positions are for their Portland, Oregon office.
Positions are for thirty-five hours per week.
Positions are for two years with possible renewal for a third year.
Positions are for two years.
Positions are for year-round employment.
Positions are four-year terms staggered every two years.
Positions are free to plan, develop and organize work within broad program and policy parameters.
Positions are frequently available in several main areas.
Positions are from many different disciplines.
Positions are full and part time.
Positions are full and part-time.
Positions are full time and based in Brussels.
Positions are full time and paid.
Positions are full time rotating.
Positions are full time temporary on site for the duration of the project.
Positions are full time unless otherwise indicated.
Positions are full time with benefits.
Positions are full time with opportunities for professional growth.
Positions are full time, days with benefits available after probationary period.
Positions are full time, part time and temporary.
Positions are full time, part time, temporary and per diem.
Positions are full time, rotating and new grads are welcome.
Positions are full-time and available immediately.
Positions are full-time and include various shift schedules and rotating days off.
Positions are full-time and paid, with comprehensive benefits and generous education awards.
Positions are full-time and paid.
Positions are full-time and salaried with benefits.
Positions are full-time continuing, subject to a satisfactory probation period for new appointees.
Positions are full-time for individuals with management experience.
Positions are full-time unless otherwise noted.
Positions are full-time with benefits.
Positions are full-time with salary, excellent benefits and full travel reimbursement.
Positions are full-time, rotating.
Positions are full-time.
Positions are generally available in litigation and patent prosecution.
Positions are generally transferable between regions and, to some extent, between programs.
Positions are half-time during the fall and spring semesters, averaging twenty hours per week.
Positions are harder to come by.
Positions are here .
Positions are highly competitive and early application is recommended.
Positions are hotly contested and the successful applicants highly qualified.
Positions are hourly with no benefits.
Positions are immediately available for entry, intermediate and senior level operators.
Positions are in all geographical locations nationally.
Positions are in Chicago or Denver.
Positions are in Chicago unless otherwise noted.
Positions are in fractional degrees.
Positions are in metro, features, business, sports, photo, graphics and copy desk.
Positions are in Milwaukee, Charlotte, Memphis, Louisville, Indianapolis.
Positions are in news, photo and art departments.
Positions are in pharmaceutical analysis.
Positions are in photocathode coordinates.
Positions are in several locations.
Positions are in Springfield and Chicago.
Positions are in the counties listed above.
Positions are in the excepted service and offer temporary employment only.
Positions are in the New York City Area only.
Positions are in the Richmond area.
Positions are in various locations.
Positions are irrelevant.
Positions are labor intensive.
Positions are largely server-side content scripting positions for engineering.
Positions are likely to be rewritten when there are changes in staff.
Positions are limited and competition is high.
Positions are limited and fill up fast, so inquire now .
Positions are limited and fill up fast.
Positions are limited and given on a first come basis.
Positions are limited and pay is modest.
Positions are limited and the application process can be competitive.
Positions are limited, and are assigned within the membership of each gym.
Positions are limited, and the application deadline varies at each school.
Positions are limited, so apply early.
Positions are limited.
Positions are Limited.
Positions are local and nationwide.
Positions are long term in nature with competitive salaries and full health care benefits.
Positions are mainly full time and part time.
Positions are mainly part time, temporary and per diem.
Positions are merely platforms from which leadership can be performed.
Positions are more likely to be mutually exclusive.
Positions are mostly for experienced workers in business and information technology.
Positions are mostly the United Kingdom and the United States.
Positions are nationwide with a wide variety of firms.
Positions are nationwide.
Positions are negotiable and time is allocated for personal research.
Positions are no longer open for new tutors.
Positions are non-stipendiary.
Positions are non-supervisory, but perform leadwork duties.
Positions are normally available for all graduates willing to relocate.
Positions are now available for writers, photographers, artists and copy editors.
Positions are now available in all pharmacy related markets.
Positions are now available in the Chicago area.
Positions are now available.
Positions are now on our website.
Positions are occupations.
Positions are of high quality and with responsibility.
Positions are often available around the beginning of a new semester.
Positions are often available during the summers with some opportunities arising through the year.
Positions are often available every fall and spring term.
Positions are often available in cafeterias and libraries.
Positions are often available in our clients sales offices throughout the country.
Positions are often available, usually at the beginning of each semester.
Positions are on our website.
Positions are on top, with affiliations below.
Positions are one-year terms.
Positions are only available at our Warsaw, North Carolina location.
Positions are open at various levels in the company.
Positions are open based on availability, necessity and promotions.
Positions are open for application for a two-week period.
Positions are open for board members.
Positions are open for class and student body independents.
Positions are open for feed sales and consulting with calf and heifer producers.
Positions are open for feed sales and consulting with dairy and beef producers.
Positions are open for feed sales and consulting with swine producers.
Positions are open for immediate occupancy.
Positions are open for interns, writers, copy editors, and researchers.
Positions are open for one year with possible renewal.
Positions are open for qualified engineers as shown below.
Positions are open for reviewers outside the membership of the editorial board.
Positions are open for ski technicians and sales representatives.
Positions are open for the alto, tenor and bass sections.
Positions are open for the summer program with paid salaries plus meals and housing.
Positions are open immediately.
Positions are open in all areas.
Positions are open in all facets of the yearbook.
Positions are open in all general and specialty units.
Positions are open in all sections.
Positions are open in five areas.
Positions are open in the spring and fall.
Positions are open nationwide.
Positions are open now for immediate appointments at the earliest mutually agreeable start-dates.
Positions are open NOW, in various areas of our operation.
Positions are open on an ongoing basis.
Positions are open only to United States citizens.
Positions are open throughout New England.
Positions are open throughout the year for all ages.
Positions are open to adult men and women who meet required qualifications.
Positions are open to all nationalities.
Positions are open to all students, but preference is given to theatre majors and minors.
Positions are open to anyone qualified.
Positions are open to applicants from all ranks.
Positions are open to both campus and community members.
Positions are open to candidates interested in either location, unless indicated.
Positions are open to graduate, undergraduate, and continuing education students.
Positions are open to graduates of approved medical schools.
Positions are open to juniors and seniors in a related major.
Positions are open to people of all backgrounds.
Positions are open to qualified candidates in all fields.
Positions are open to students who are U.S. citizens or have permanent resident status.
Positions are open to U.S. citizens only.
Positions are open until filled and contingent upon final budget approval.
Positions are open until filled and subject to close without notice.
Positions are open until filled if no closing date is listed.
Positions are open until filled or closed unless a deadline date is specified.
Positions are open until filled or withdrawn.
Positions are open until filled unless a specific deadline is listed in the information.
Positions are open until filled unless otherwise noted.
Positions are open until filled unless otherwise stated.
Positions are open until filled with preference given to early applicants.
Positions are open until filled with preference to early applicants.
Positions are open until filled, and applications are reviewed as they are received.
Positions are open until filled.
Positions are Open Until Filled.
Positions are open until position filled.
Positions are open until they are filled.
Positions are open util filled.
Positions are open year round to students interested in promoting reproductive freedom.
Positions are orientations.
Positions are outdoors most of the day.
Positions are paid, however, volunteer positions are available.
Positions are paid, training is provided and they offer assistance with visas and accommodations.
Positions are part time and full time.
Positions are part time and include weekday matinee's.
Positions are part time with flexible hours and can be full time during the summer.
Positions are part time with hours typically in the evening and at weekends.
Positions are part time, mostly in the weekends and evenings.
Positions are part time.
Positions are part-time and hours are flexible.
Positions are part-time with flexible scheduling.
Positions are part-time, temporary positions.
Positions are part-time, with flexible individual schedules based on demand.
Positions are part-time.
Positions are passionate, often divisive, with little room for compromise.
Positions are pending funding.
Positions are permanent.
Positions are points.
Positions are predominantly seasonal or non-permanent.
Positions are presently available in horticulture education and urban youth education.
Positions are president, vice president and secretary.
Positions are primarily for learning to adapt to a work environment.
Positions are primarily managerial and supervisory.
Positions are primarily outpatient with call by telephone backup.
Positions are regularly available as RDAs graduate.
Positions are relations.
Positions are relative locations.
Positions are relative to object .
Positions are relative to the plaster line.
Positions are relatively accurate.
Positions are relatively secure.
Positions are renewable at the discretion of the director.
Positions are renewable for the duration of the graduate program.
Positions are responsible for a major segment or an entire program.
Positions are responsible for a well-defined program of national and state labor market information.
Positions are responsible for determining what supplies are needed and making purchases.
Positions are responsible for entire aerial spray program coordination in multiple work areas.
Positions are responsible for handling difficult or unusual auto and homeowner liability claims.
Positions are responsible for the development and application of forest management plans.
Positions are responsible for the management of most of the human resource program.
Positions are roles.
Positions are sales, graphic and web design, and technical support staff.
Positions are scarce.
Positions are searchable by job title, location, degree, date posted, and salary.
Positions are searchable by location, keyword, and posting date.
Positions are searchable by state, company and position.
Positions are searchable by title, job, school and posting date.
Positions are secondary level education.
Positions are short pronouncements, intended to address professional practice.
Positions are single status.
Positions are solutions.
Positions are still available and applications are still being accepted at the RDRC office.
Positions are still available for lifeguards, clerks and maintenance crew.
Positions are still available.
Positions are still open for the fall semester.
Positions are subject to availability of resources and administrative approval.
Positions are subject to budget approval.
Positions are subject to budgetary approval.
Positions are subject to change and are updated on a regular basis.
Positions are subject to change at Publisher's discretion without notice.
Positions are subject to close after five days without notice.
Positions are subject to close at any time.
Positions are subject to close without notice.
Positions are subject to completion of a one-year probationary period.
Positions are subject to final budget approval.
Positions are subject to funding approval.
Positions are subject to funding.
Positions are subject to recall for emergency response.
Positions are subject to rotating shifts including weekend, nights and holiday work.
Positions are subject to weekend duty and recall for emergency response.
Positions are symbolic representations of a participant's underlying interests.
Positions are technical, management, and sales.
Positions are temp to hire and can start immediately.
Positions are temporary for varying periods of time.
Positions are temporary with continued funding anticipated.
Positions are temporary, hourly, part-time jobs.
Positions are temporary, part-time.
Positions are temporary, primarily during the summer, although some are at other times of the year.
Positions are tenurable.
Positions are throughout Saudi Arabia.
Positions are throughout the entire county.
Positions are to be announced the same day they are voted upon.
Positions are to filled urgently.
Positions are typically clerical and service related.
Positions are typically for high-school graduates.
Positions are typically part-time working all three shifts.
Positions are typically two to three years.
Positions are ungraded.
Positions are updated weekly and can be searched by regional loca tion or government agency.
Positions are updated weekly.
Positions are uploaded from the country's leading newspapers as well as online employment sources.
Positions are usually available for returning and new members of the hall.
Positions are usually available in the library, offices, science labs, cafeteria and other areas.
Positions are usually for nine months.
Positions are usually open for advanced instrumentalists.
Positions are very rewarding both personally and professionally.
Positions are voluntary and there is a very minimal charge for room and board.
Positions are volunteer or paid.
Positions are volunteer, paid, or provide academic credit.
Positions are what people say they want in a negotiation.
Positions are with provincial government departments.
Positions are with well-known national manufacturers.
Positions are within easy walking distance from classes and residence halls.
Positions are within our Non-union group or three bargaining units.
Positions are worldwide and in all functional organizations as well as general management.
Positions are, for the most part, listed by majors.
Positions assigned to convict crews have frequent contact with correctional facilities employees.
Positions assigned to the isolation laboratory require rabies vaccination.
Positions avail on East and West coasts.
Positions availabe for skilled and unskilled individuals.
Positions band around ends of box.
Positions become available as vacancies occur.
Positions become available at different times, so keep in touch for future openings.
Positions become available at irregular intervals.
Positions become available at random times with most randomly available year-round.
Positions become available on a regular basis.
Positions become available throughout the year.
Positions become hardened, sides are taken, and emotions affect rational thinking.
Positions become vacant on a staggered basis.
Positions begin at the entry level.
Positions begin every month and contracts are for one year.
Positions begin immediately.
Positions begin up to two months in advance of opening.
Positions begins immediately.
Positions being advertised Open Until Filled have a preferred filing date.
Positions being offered are subject to budgetary considerations as well.
Positions bellows assemblies into vacuum tank with bulb end down.
Positions belong to the member.
Positions Below is a link to essays that touch on race relations, and a link to some other stuff.
Positions bucket over mold, using overhead hoist and pulls trip bar to fill mold.
Positions can also beset up in attics or between the ceiling and roof.
Positions can be helpful in helping other people rearrange the structure of their lives.
Positions can be in a variety of settings, depending on students major, skills and qualifications.
Positions can be in retail or industrial selling, or selling consumer goods to retailers.
Positions can be of one, two, or three years duration.
Positions can be part time to supplement income to full time.
Positions can change, and they do.
Positions can close facilities where serious and detrimen- tal health hazards exist.
Positions can range from design engineers to field service.
Positions can range from head pro to temporary internships and requests for volunteers.
Positions can range from one day, some weeks to months.
Positions carry standard expectations of research, teaching, and service.
Positions change every game.
Positions change, as common sense dictates.
Positions Click on the links above to navigate the available positions.
Positions Click on the position name to view details and qualifications for each posting.
Positions come open every month of the year.
Positions conceptualize, implement and direct educational programs and events in the museum.
Positions conduct inspections to ensure compliance with institutional operations and guidelines.
Positions consult with persons proposing to establish and operate programs and facilities.
Positions containing gaps are removed by pairwise deletion.
Positions continually investigate new materials and methods of instruction.
Positions controlling the schools, police and public safety forces are special targets.
Positions copy and instructions in copyholder.
Positions copy at eye level.
Positions cover a broad range of opportunities, primarily in New Jersey and adjacent states.
Positions cover all aspects of biology and other natural sciences.
Positions cover all aspects of science.
Positions cover all living expenses.
Positions critique the effectiveness and efficiency of agency programs.
Positions cycle every round.
Positions deal primarily with data and information developing into understanding.
Positions demand reliability in job performance and personal accountability and dependability.
Positions depend upon the opportunities identified.
Positions determine the institution climate through statistical and program research.
Positions determine work priorities and carry out assignments with little supervision.
Positions develop and maintain lists of references of other agency services.
Positions develop work methods and techniques and control the sequence of projects.
Positions display screen assembly on funnel edge and aligns screen with reference points on funnel.
Positions displays a list selector showing all open portfolio positions for the instrument.
Positions do require travel.
Positions employed at iCASA are subject to a pre-employment drug screen.
Positions end approx.
Positions ensure that all services are coded and billed.
Positions ensure the proper application and compliance of agency rules and regulations.
Positions entail all aspects of campaign work.
Positions establish costume budgets and procure necessary supplies to create or maintain costumes.
Positions evaluate trends and issues to adjust work force or goals.
Positions exhibit a high level of independence to close supervision in work functions.
Positions exist at both the junior and senior levels.
Positions exist at the following locations.
Positions exist for experienced developers,and network engineers.
Positions exist for Japanese and Non-Japanese accountants at all levels.
Positions exist for the opportunities listed below.
Positions exist in a variety of areas throughout the library.
Positions exist in all fields and on all levels, kindergarten to university.
Positions exist in all fields, at all levels, from kindergarten through the university level.
Positions exist in all fields, on all levels, from kindergarten to the university.
Positions exist in both the public and private sectors, including international business.
Positions exist in countries.
Positions exist in every business unit across our global operation.
Positions exist in intelligence units, headquarters, national agencies and unified commands.
Positions exist in many settings, including search firms.
Positions exist in market research firms, advertising agencies, manufac turers, and retailers.
Positions exist in market research firms, advertising agencies, manufacturing, and retailing.
Positions exist in reporting, copy editing, photography, online and graphics.
Positions exist in various city and county housing authorities throughout the state.
Positions exist statewide.
Positions fill quickly each semester, so apply early.
Positions fill up fast.
Positions fixed relating to ground marks such as rader ranging are geodetic-system free.
Positions function in a lead capacity in complex inspections requiring more than one inspector.
Positions function under the close, progressing to limited, supervision of a laboratory supervisor.
Positions function under the close, progressing to limited, supervision of a technical supervisor.
Positions function under the general supervision of a faculty member.
Positions function under the general supervision of a faculty supervisor.
Positions function under the general supervision of a laboratory manager.
Positions function under the general supervision of a laboratory supervisor.
Positions function under the general supervision of a program supervisor.
Positions function under the general supervision of a technical supervisor.
Positions function under the general supervision of professional research staff.
Positions function under the general supervision of professional science staff.
Positions function under the general supervision of professional veterinary staff.
Positions function very independently, under very general supervision.
Positions function within broad guidelines in producing independent decisions.
Positions funnel in rotatable chuck equipped with automatic frit dispenser.
Positions funnel in rotatable holding chuck to secure funnel for painting.
Positions gain and slide every day due to the ever changing algorithms of the search engines.
Positions generally require a personal interview on campus.
Positions generally require previous office experience and basic computer skills.
Positions give letter-coded locations for specific gun turrets and shielded weapons.
Positions go unfilled for months at a time.
Positions go unfilled for months there.
Positions guide stops in press to cure belting to specified thickness and width.
Positions have a guaranteed base with a generous commission program.
Positions have administrative responsibilities for staff and budget.
Positions have an accuracy of a small fraction of an arc second.
Positions have considerable power.
Positions have degrees.
Positions have fields and position levels specific to an industry.
Positions have management responsibility.
Positions have no closing date.
Positions have potential.
Positions have power.
Positions have requirements.
Positions have responsibility.
Positions have several subordinate professional employees working in a variety of subject areas.
Positions have strong base salaries, bonuses and benefits.
Positions heel on heel seat and scratches line to indicate area to be trimmed.
Positions held include software engineer, project manager, data processing manager.
Positions held include treasurer, editor of publications, and New Hampshire state liaison.
Positions hold the budget authority to pay an employee.
Positions impact the overall operation of the ferry system during the assigned shift.
Positions includes rotational call coverage.
Positions initially exercise little discretion in decision making.
Positions initially exercise little discretion in decision-making.
Positions involve approx.
Positions involve assessments, evals and med management.
Positions involve contact with faculty, staff, students and community.
Positions involve control engineering and mechanical engineering for assembly machines.
Positions involve direct care of children in open setting treatment center in Kingston.
Positions involve hardware design for a variety of communications systems and applications.
Positions involve occasional overnight travel.
Positions involve outside sales of digital network printing solutions.
Positions involve providing support over the phone and via email.
Positions involve teaching graduate and undergraduate courses and supervising student teachers.
Positions involve teaching one to two courses per quarter.
Positions involve telephone, computer, organizational, and supervisory skills.
Positions involve working with families, children and juveniles.
Positions involve working with persons with developmental disabilities.
Positions involves specialized skills and highly confidential materials.
Positions involving on-air work require a pleasant voice and appearance.
Positions involving software development or maintenance and systems are preferred.
Positions is located in the northeast.
Positions kiln bed on hydraulic lift, using forklift.
Positions listed are available to qualified applicants from the general public.
Positions listed are open as of the day they appear.
Positions listed are vacant at the time they are posted.
Positions Listed below are some positions in zoos and aquariums and a brief description of duties.
Positions listed have god information, but no dates.
Positions listed in last month's newsletter remain available.
Positions listed include journalism, editorial, staff writing, freelance, technical writing, etc.
Positions long considered untouchable by politicians are suddenly part of the mainstream debate.
Positions maintain on call status.
Positions maintain the agency's statewide communications and warning capability.
Positions make maximum use of available cover and concealment to facilitate survivability.
Positions manage and complete design projects with little direct supervision.
Positions manage general administrative activities in support of client based programs.
Positions manage the certification or licensure of health care facilities and health care providers.
Positions minute hand over cannon pinion of minute wheel and secures fit, using staking punch.
Positions monitor and manage all aspects of nursing care within the area or program.
Positions monitor assigned programs and facilities through visits to the sites.
Positions needed to be filled are drivers.
Positions occasionally are available for junior residency.
Positions offer a combination of sales, management development, and physical activity.
Positions offer a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.
Positions offer a flexible schedule and a competitive rate for beeper and evaluations.
Positions offer a very competitive rate, scheduling flexibility and promotional opportunities.
Positions offer an excellent work environment for team players.
Positions offer benefits, compensation dependent on qualifications and experience.
Positions offer competitive salaries and generous employee benefits package.
Positions offer competitive salary, generous benefits package and flexible scheduling.
Positions offer excellent career benefits and professional growth opportunities.
Positions offer excellent opportunity for growth and advancement.
Positions offer excellent salary, benefits, and a dynamics professional work environment.
Positions offer great growth potential.
Positions offer great potential.
Positions offer growth potential.
Positions offer opportunity.
Positions offer potential.
Positions offer reasonable demand and a convenient schedule.
Positions offer salary increase possible within six months.
Positions offer variety and allow for creativity.
Positions offered are at the same or lower salary range maximum than the employee's current class.
Positions open all summer.
Positions open both full and part time.
Positions open due to growth.
Positions open due to tremendous growth.
Positions open immediately.
Positions open nationwide.
Positions open now.
Positions open periodically throughout the year.
Positions open up frequently.
Positions open up in the spring, and in the future.
Positions operate independently in carrying out approved proposals.
Positions oversee the development of methodologies to be employed in projects.
Positions oversee the work of vendor and contract personnel.
Positions pay a three-week stipend, plus room and board.
Positions pay competitive wages.
Positions pay enough to cover living expenses, but airfare is the participant's responsibility.
Positions perform general maintenance on all State-owned aircraft within an agency.
Positions perform work within established policy and stated goals.
Positions performs related duties as required.
Positions plan and initiate action to collect delinquent taxes and enforce compliance with tax law.
Positions plate in holding fixture of priming machine.
Positions precast concrete panels between block or concrete post, using crane.
Positions presently exceed the number of graduates.
Positions Presently Open All current job opportunities are filled.
Positions provide a base salary plus attractive incentive opportunities.
Positions provide administrative support functions at the request of the warden.
Positions provide benefits, intensive training and great career opportunity.
Positions provide benefits.
Positions provide excellent compensation and fringe benefit package including bonus eligibility.
Positions provide other benefits.
Positions provide staff supervision on projects and programs.
Positions provide technical advice and guidance to agency staff.
Positions provide technical assistance to the health care facilities surveyed.
Positions provide training, guidance, and coordination of enforcement functions.
Positions range from administrative to operational and programmatic.
Positions range from administrative to sales to techie gurus.
Positions range from apprentice cook to executive chef.
Positions range from associate level to partners.
Positions range from babysitters to research assistants, admissions aides to marketing interns.
Positions range from babysitting to office work, warehouse workers, and retail clerks.
Positions range from behind the scenes technical work or producing the content to on-air talent.
Positions range from business and promotions work to theater and film.
Positions range from clerical to professional.
Positions range from commis de cuisine to chef de partie.
Positions range from contract to direct to permanent hires.
Positions range from cook to electrocardiograph technician.
Positions range from data entry to management of the department.
Positions range from design engineer to warehouse clerk, from accountant to machinist.
Positions range from entry level clerical to program managers and officers.
Positions range from entry level through senior level management.
Positions range from entry level to contractual.
Positions range from entry level to director and many of the roles are technical in nature.
Positions range from entry level to executive.
Positions range from entry level to management levels.
Positions range from entry level to Ph.D. scientists.
Positions range from entry level to senior level.
Positions range from entry professional to senior level management.
Positions range from entry-level clerical positions to program managers and officers.
Positions range from entry-level slots at fast food restaurants to senior executive ranks.
Positions range from entry-level to advanced in our diverse engineering job family.
Positions range from entry-level to executive management.
Positions range from entry-level to management, in disciplines from marketing to engineering.
Positions range from entry-level to senior editorial positions.
Positions range from general labor and clerical work to management and executive level positions.
Positions range from health care to law enforcement, from IT to parks.
Positions range from junior level programmers to senior level developers.
Positions range from kitchen staff, catering, to management.
Positions range from management to entry-level.
Positions range from mother's helpers to tutors to office workers to sales and others.
Positions range from network specialist to project manager.
Positions range from one-time activities and events to ongoing regular opportunities.
Positions range from per diem to full-time, clinical to home health.
Positions range from professional to skilled trades to blue collar.
Positions range from research assistants to tenured faculty to chancellors are here.
Positions range from sales to production to research.
Positions range from session musicians to record company executives.
Positions range from substitute teachers and secretaries to classroom aides and volunteers.
Positions range from technicians and practical specialists to nurses and administrators.
Positions range from waiting tables and housecleaning to professions such as medicine and law.
Positions range from welder or technician to engineer, inspector or artist.
Positions receive at least a transportation allowance, occasionally more.
Positions receive close supervision or follow specific and established procedures.
Positions receive general supervision from a dentist or dental laboratory manager or administrator.
Positions recommend changes to and assist with formulation of statutes, regulations and codes.
Positions relate to a wide variety of academic disciplines.
Positions relating to embedded devices or music are a plus.
Positions remain on the list for a month after posting, unless the institution requests otherwise.
Positions remain open for a minimum of five working days.
Positions remain open for the receipt of applications for a minimum of two weeks.
Positions remain open until a suitable candidate is found.
Positions remain open until closed or filled.
Positions remain open until filled .
Positions remain open until filled.
Positions remain posted for four weeks, unless otherwise specified.
Positions remain posted until filled .
Positions remain posted until filled.
Positions repair and upholster furniture within an agency.
Positions report to a technical supervisor.
Positions require a bachelor's degree in accounting or related field.
Positions require a bachelor's degree in the fields listed above or in a closely related field.
Positions require a background check, including criminal history.
Positions require a background investigation for access to classified information.
Positions require a background investigation, psychological testing and mandatory drug testing.
Positions require a California credential.
Positions require a combination of research and implementation.
Positions require a demonstrated ability to learn and apply new concepts and technologies every day.
Positions require a doctoral degree.
Positions require a four-year degree in criminal justice, social work or a related field.
Positions require a government security clearance.
Positions require a great deal of heavy lifting and hands-on material handling.
Positions require a high school diploma or equivalency unless otherwise stated.
Positions require a strong outdoor orientation and public service skills.
Positions require ability to work rotating shifts and overtime.
Positions require accuracy, good attendance, and the ability to work independently.
Positions require advance degrees.
Positions require advanced training and ability to work under pressure and with minimal supervision.
Positions require advanced training and ability to work under pressure with minimal supervision.
Positions require advanced-level knowledge of planning methodologies.
Positions require an undergraduate degree and acceptance into the graduate program.
Positions require and engineering or architectural degree.
Positions require attention.
Positions require bachelor's degree and master's degree.
Positions require careful consideration.
Positions require cash handling and customer service experience.
Positions require college background in area of interest.
Positions require communication skills and private phone lines.
Positions require consideration.
Positions require degrees.
Positions require dynamic presentation skills, and the ability to exceed job requirements.
Positions require evening and weekend work.
Positions require excellent customer service skills and extreme attention to details.
Positions require excellent observation, reporting, reading and writing skills.
Positions require excellent writing skills and word processing.
Positions require experience.
Positions require experience.
Positions require extensive customer contact and all associates sell equipment and clothing.
Positions require extensive travel.
Positions require flexibility and perhaps some night shifts.
Positions require general office assignments which include phone and clerical duties.
Positions require good computer and customer service skills.
Positions require good verbal communication skills.
Positions require good written and interpersonal communications skills.
Positions require graduate degrees.
Positions require housekeeping duties and planning of daily nutritious meals for family of five.
Positions require individuals with good computer communications, and organizational skills.
Positions require keen attention.
Positions require knowledge of word-processing, spreadsheet and database software.
Positions require master degrees.
Positions require meeting deadlines and writing to specific guidelines.
Positions require occasional overnight travel in state.
Positions require pediatric experience.
Positions require regular and recurring overtime and shift work.
Positions require responsible and careful individuals, preferably art history students.
Positions require solid quantitative skills for data analysis and modeling.
Positions require some internal fundraising and writing duties.
Positions require some travel.
Positions require special education certification or qualification for conditional licensure.
Positions require strong customer service skills and team spirit required.
Positions require strong writing, design or technical skills.
Positions require strong writing, media relations, online marketing and strategic planning skills.
Positions require ten key experience, and the ability to meet or exceed production deadlines.
Positions require that employees work rotating shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays.
Positions require the ability to assist with field sampling, data analysis, and report writing.
Positions require the ability to meet or exceed production deadlines.
Positions require the willingness to travel in-state with occasional overnight trips.
Positions require the willingness to work weekends, on-call, various shifts, or holidays.
Positions require travel.
Positions require two years of reporting or editing experience.
Positions require varying lengths of preparation and experience.
Positions require weekday and weekend on-call rotations.
Positions require work experience.
Positions require working shifts, nights, weekends and holidays.
Positions require writing for all newscasts.
Positions requires an energetic, nonsmoking, English-speaking person with reliable transportation.
Positions requires occasional overtime.
Positions result from a process of thorough study.
Positions revert to the center when the incumbent leaves the institution.
Positions roll of cloth on shaft or truck of flat-folded cloth on stand at feeding end of machine.
Positions roll of cotton on carding machine and threads end through rollers.
Positions rolls in letoff rack and windup racks, using hoist.
Positions rotate through designated insection stations at an assigned bridge tunnel complex.
Positions rotate through the group.
Positions rotate weekly.
Positions rotate, and an election for one position on the board is held each year.
Positions routinely visit localities to evaluate drug storage and dispensing procedures.
Positions rubberbands around stacks of decals and places stacks in storage bins.
Positions run through the entire academic year.
Positions serve as a resource throughout the agency or campus on critical risk management issues.
Positions serve as technical subject matter experts in specialized program areas.
Positions serve as the primary resource person within the assigned areas.
Positions serve as the primary resource person within the assigned program areas.
Positions show approximate location within the county.
Positions showing an hourly figure are part-time.
Positions sisal on innerspring unit and staples perimeter, using pneumatic staple gun.
Positions solve problems and accomplish work processes through information systems and technology.
Positions span all aspects of software development, incl.
Positions span from the respective bank branch level to the holding company adminstrative level.
Positions span various business disciplines and range in the level of experience required.
Positions specialize in laws applicable to matters pertaining to the assigned agency's operations.
Positions spend a majority of the time in counseling, training or analytical activities.
Positions start as soon as possible.
Positions start immediately.
Positions start maturing from the date of purchase or date earned.
Positions start the hiring process, interview applicants, and recommend hire, promotion or transfer.
Positions stay more or less the same.
Positions stay on the webpage until they are filled.
Positions suggest that others' needs are unreasonable.
Positions supervise shops in the maintenance and repair of vehicles and motorized equipment.
Positions supervise subordinate supervisors.
Positions tend to be at the executive level.
Positions tend to lean toward designers, marketing, multimedia, engineers, artists, and producers.
Positions There are currently no open positions.
Positions tour institution and check all posts, buildings and grounds for security and safety.
Positions troubleshoot as well as direct method implementation and validation.
Positions typically assign, schedule and evaluate the work of subordinate staff.
Positions typically begin upon completion of degree requirements.
Positions typically focus on protection of endangered species and management for biodiversity.
Positions typically investigate and prepare complex cases relating to violations.
Positions typically involve supervisory or program management responsibility.
Positions typically report directly to a commission.
Positions typically require a considerable level of business knowledge and expertise.
Positions typically supervise paraprofessional and program support staff.
Positions Use the data list below to link to stacked pages.
Positions varies from region and by division.
Positions vary according to the nature of the work, compensation, and availability.
Positions vary and include account managers, regional and district managers and account executives.
Positions vary and increase each year.
Positions vary by department.
Positions vary by host site or warehouse.
Positions vary considerably in the time commitment required.
Positions vary depending on the job title, employment experience, and required qualifications.
Positions vary from clerical office work to janitorial and food service work.
Positions vary from clerical to food preparation.
Positions vary from clerical to lab assistants, and computer operations to lifeguards.
Positions vary from general office work to pre-professional opportunities.
Positions vary from highly skilled to entry-level.
Positions vary from intermediate skilled to top skilled.
Positions vary from short to long term and wages depend on job classification and experience.
Positions vary from temporary to contract to full-time assignments.
Positions vary in length from one quarter to two or three years.
Positions vary in level and duties.
Positions vary in responsibility from entry level to senior lead positions.
Positions vary in responsibility from entry level to sr.
Positions vary in their qualifications and application requirements.
Positions vary in time commitment and salary.
Positions vary on how to handle our relationship with China.
Positions vary with the department's needs.
Positions vary, as described below.
Positions work in a remote area office or in support of a major department program.
Positions work with preschool and elementary school students as well as family literacy programs.
Positions wrist and forearm comfortably throughout a procedure.
Position frequently involves long hours and physically taxing duties.
Positions often are with high turnover rates.
Position usually requires a minimum two-year college program to earn an associate degree.
Positions usually filled by local youths include courtesy clerks and cashiers.
Positions usually involve significant client and public contact.
Positions usually last four to six months.
Positions usually require a college degree and strong analytical skills.
Positions usually require a high degree of public and client contact.
Positions usually require some knowledge of the local language.
Positions usually require specific platform experience or programming knowledge.
All position are new, growth, positions.
All position are senior level and permanent with no option of telecommuting.
All position offers are contingent on funding.
All position provide a tax free status.
All position require that the candidates are interested in the security field.
All position requires good oral and written communication skills.
All positions accrue PTO hours.
All positions allow for onehanded operation.
All positions allow room for personal growth and exploration.
All positions also require certification in a food protection program.
All positions are a two semester commitment.
All positions are abroad.
All positions are academic year unless otherwise stated.
All positions are at our head office in Vancouver, unless otherwise indicated.
All positions are at the assistant professor level.
All positions are at the asst.
All positions are at the publisher's option.
All positions are available as per job description specifications.
All positions are available for immediate employment.
All positions are available for timing outputs, sync clock insertion, or other applications.
All positions are available immediately.
All positions are available in Berlin, Germany.
All positions are available instantly.
All positions are available nationwide throughout the United States, Canada and Europe.
All positions are available now unless otherwise stated.
All positions are available so think about it.
All positions are available Thousands of jobs with hundreds of companies.
All positions are available, including sales associates and cashiers.
All positions are available.
All positions are availble to all across the state of Florida.
All positions are career status unless otherwise indicated.
All positions are character positions.
All positions are comfortable, though they lack good lateral support in turns.
All positions are commission based only.
All positions are company fee paid.
All positions are contingent on funding becoming available.
All positions are contingent on funding.
All positions are contingent upon availability of funds.
All positions are contingent upon available funding.
All positions are contingent upon funding and enrollment.
All positions are contract labor only.
All positions are contract.
All positions are currently open.
All positions are direct hire, no agencies please.
All positions are direct, and the service is paid for by the hiring company.
All positions are effective today.
All positions are either of a fixed or an open duration.
All positions are eligible for endowment.
All positions are eligible for gratuities.
All positions are eligible for promotion after each year.
All positions are employer fee paid, and when applicable, company paid relocation is provided.
All positions are entry level and training is provided.
All positions are entry level with appointments made at the rank of assistant professor.
All positions are entry level, on-call and last only through the summer season.
All positions are equally important to the overall success of our operation.
All positions are equally open to men and women.
All positions are essential to the management and operation of a quality golf facility.
All positions are essential, but they have different roles.
All positions are evenings or weekend freelance positions.
All positions are every other weekend.
All positions are excellent opportunities to develop leadership skills while having fun.
All positions are extremely interesting, challenging and professionally rewarding.
All positions are fee paid by our client companies.
All positions are fee paid by the client company.
All positions are fee paid by the employer.
All positions are filled on a first come, first serve basis.
All positions are flexible, and can be tailored to meet the individual needs of the student.
All positions are for adjunct faculty.
All positions are for epochs of observation.
All positions are for evening and night shifts.
All positions are for full-time employees unless otherwise stated.
All positions are for full-time employment unless otherwise stated.
All positions are for one year.
All positions are for one-year terms.
All positions are for our corporate headquarters in Austin, Texas.
All positions are for our corporate headquaters in Austin, Texas.
All positions are for our corporate offices in Winter Park, Florida.
All positions are for our facilities in Cd.
All positions are for six months and without financial assistance.
All positions are for six months initially with likely extensions thereafter.
All positions are for the full summer season.
All positions are for three year terms beginning at the adjournment of the annual meeting.
All positions are for two-year terms.
All positions are four-year terms.
All positions are freelance and duration depends on the project.
All positions are freelance and off-site based positions and pay according to contract guidelines.
All positions are freelance contract positions starting immediately.
All positions are from actual games.
All positions are full time and offer competitive salary with a comprehensive benefits package.
All positions are full time and on site.
All positions are full time and permanent.
All positions are full time and require various shift work.
All positions are full time and salary is commensurate with experience and qualifications.
All positions are full time appointments.
All positions are full time unless otherwise indicated.
All positions are full time with full corporate benefits.
All positions are full time, based at our South Miami headquarters.
All positions are full time, in-house.
All positions are full time.
All positions are full-time and offer competitive salary.
All positions are full-time and open at the assistant professor level.
All positions are full-time and permanent with full benefits .
All positions are full-time and permanent.
All positions are full-time civil service positions with extensive benefit packages.
All positions are full-time salaried positions including equity participation.
All positions are full-time unless noted otherwise.
All positions are full-time unless otherwise indicated.
All positions are full-time unless otherwise noted.
All positions are full-time with benefits, unless otherwise stated.
All positions are full-time, but can be flexible.
All positions are full-time, first shift unless otherwise indicated.
All positions are full-time, unless otherwise noted.
All positions are full-time.
All positions are good pay and excellent working conditions in a relaxed hard working environment.
All positions are grant funded, with competitive salaries based upon expertise and experience.
All positions are home-based.
All positions are honorary.
All positions are hourly wage and rates depend on the position.
All positions are important to the overall output to the division.
All positions are in a Mechanical environment.
All positions are in Atlanta, Georgia.
All positions are in Austin, Texas unless otherwise noted.
All positions are in Bangkok.
All positions are in Harrisburg, Dauphin County .
All positions are in Harrisburg, Dauphin County.
All positions are in Lexington, Kentucky.
All positions are in office for four-year terms.
All positions are in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
All positions are in Salisbury.
All positions are in the Windy City unless otherwise noted.
All positions are in Tokyo.
All Positions Are Interim.
All positions are listed are for our Orlando, Florida office.
All positions are live-in.
All positions are live-on.
All positions are long term temp to hire.
All positions are long term temp.
All positions are minimal base against commission.
All positions are nine month appointments with Summer teaching possibilities.
All positions are non-funded and unranked.
All positions are non-salaried positions.
All positions are of three years duration.
All positions are on a contract basis.
All positions are on a contractual basis dependent upon the length of the class.
All positions are on a contractual basis, dependent upon the length of the class.
All positions are on a volunteer basis.
All positions are on open recruitment until a qualified candidate is hired.
All positions are on the Earth.
All positions are on the organization's board.
All positions are on three-year contract.
All positions are one-year positions unless otherwise specified.
All positions are on-site at our Bucks County, Pa., office.
All positions are open and all time periods during the year.
All positions are open except for treasurer and co-treasurer.
All positions are open for a minimum of two weeks.
All positions are open for election or debate about how they're being managed.
All positions are open for election.
All positions are open for elections each year.
All positions are open for elections.
All positions are open for immediate employment.
All positions are open for new people to serve.
All positions are open for nominations.
All positions are open to all current paid members.
All positions are open to any student on campus.
All positions are open to anyone who is interested in performing the required duties.
All positions are open to both first and second year students.
All positions are open to both male and female applicants.
All positions are open to qualified men and women.
All positions are open to students who are U.S. citizens or have permanent resident status.
All positions are open to the general public and are considered open until filled.
All positions are open until filled so interviews are ongoing and positions are closed when filled.
All positions are open until filled unless specified.
All positions are open until filled with salaries commensurate with qualifications and experience.
All positions are open until filled, unless otherwise noted.
All positions are open until filled, unless otherwise stated in our advertisement.
All positions are open until filled.
All positions are open until further notice.
All positions are open until the end of training camp.
All positions are open.
All positions are part-time positions located in Santa Rosa, California unless otherwise specified.
All positions are part-time.
All positions are permanent and many offer accommodation.
All positions are permanent full time.
All positions are permanent full-time and require fluency in English.
All positions are permanent unless otherwise stated.
All positions are permanent with services free to applicants.
All positions are regular full-time unless otherwise noted.
All positions are regular permanent positions .
All positions are regular, full-time jobs unless noted otherwise.
All positions are relative to the center of the marker.
All positions are residential and room and board is provided along with a negotiable stipend.
All positions are school year positions.
All positions are seasonal.
All positions are single status.
All positions are statuses in the sociological sense.
All positions are still available.
All positions are strictly volunteer.
All positions are subject to a criminal background check and drug screening.
All positions are subject to availability.
All positions are subject to available funding and enrolment.
All positions are subject to budget ability.
All positions are subject to budget availability.
All positions are subject to change.
All positions are subject to criminal background and federal sanctions checks.
All positions are subject to experience and availability in the unit.
All positions are subject to final budgetary approval.
All positions are subject to funding.
All positions are subject to mandatory consideration and placement programs.
All positions are subject to risk and, therefore, potential losses.
All positions are subject to weekly changes.
All positions are temp to perm basis.
All positions are temporary and short-term.
All positions are temporary.
All positions are tentative, pending receipt of federal and provincial funding .
All positions are tentative, pending receipt of federal and provincial funding.
All positions are tenure track.
All positions are tenure-track.
All positions are to be filled as soon as possible.
All positions are to be held by members in good standing.
All positions are to be posted for a minimum of five business days.
All positions are to begin immediately.
All positions are to the nearest second of arc for greatest accuracy.
All positions are top of page.
All positions are transferable to other locations in future.
All positions are two-year commitments unless otherwise stated.
All positions are two-year terms.
All positions are unsalaried.
All positions are up for election during each municipal election.
All positions are up for grab.
All positions are up for grabs.
All positions are usefull.
All positions are varied, ranging from administration to maintenance to law enforcement.
All positions are voluntarily and require lots of time, effort and commitment to do the job right.
All positions are voluntary and held by parents of skaters.
All positions are voluntary and no one is paid for their parcipitation.
All positions are voluntary and vary in their length of terms and time commitments.
All positions are voluntary, unpaid positions.
All positions are voluntary.
All positions are volunteer and no salaries are paid.
All positions are volunteer and uncompensated.
All positions are volunteer positions.
All positions are volunteer service, no compensation is paid.
All positions are welcome to attend.
All positions are welcome.
All positions are with companies that are currently interviewing and are committed to employment.
All positions are with creative agencies in different areas.
All positions are with established companies who pay all fees.
All positions assist in maintaining a clean environment.
All positions become part of a searchable database.
All positions below are volunteer.
All positions benefit from profit sharing and health, dental, and life insurance.
All positions can be full or part time.
All positions can be job-shared which breaks down responsibilities in manageable sizes.
All positions can lead to full-time employment for outstanding candidates.
All positions carry a very competitive stipend or salary.
All positions carry academic rank, and many are eligible for tenure.
All positions carry an attractive salary and benefits package.
All positions carry an initial two year contract which can be renewed.
All positions carry full-time benefits.
All positions combine clinical care with teaching responsibilities in our large residency program.
All positions come with a competitive salary and benefit package.
All positions come with amazing benefits.
All positions currently listed on our web page are still open and accepting applications.
All positions described are currently active, unless stated otherwise.
All positions described are in the United States unless otherwise stated.
All positions deserve upgrades.
All positions emphasize excellence in teaching.
All positions feature abundant opportunities for professional growth.
All positions feature competetive wages, flexible hours, and great benefits.
All positions feature top area pay scales.
All positions generally require working weekends and holidays.
All positions have a maximum cap on yearly work.
All positions have a performance-based bonus plan in addition to the base compensation.
All positions have an entry level base salary.
All positions have an excellent benefits package, good hours, and a great working environment.
All positions have an immediate sense of timing.
All positions have different ways of taking plays but it is fun.
All positions have excellent benefits and vacation plan.
All positions have flexible schedules and the convenience of telecommuting.
All positions have golf privileges.
All positions have heavy contact with the public and are frequently involved in conflict resolution.
All positions have minimum requirements.
All positions have opportunities for advancement.
All positions have opportunity for advancement.
All positions have the following minimum requirements.
All positions have to be updated simultaneously.
All positions held during the week of Burning Man are strictly volunteer.
All positions help university offices provide essential services.
All positions here are important.
All positions hold equal weight, and as a result no one position possesses true meaning or value.
All positions included in the bulletin are full-time, degree required opportunities.
All positions involve a six-month training period.
All positions involve duties both in the field and in the office.
All positions involve personal support-raising.
All positions involve recruiting activities for either new plant start-up or plant expansion.
All positions involve rigorous field work and long hours.
All positions involve three year commitments.
All positions listed are currently still available.
All positions listed are for full-time unless otherwise noted.
All positions listed are full time and include a generous benefit package.
All positions listed are full-time, unless noted otherwise.
All positions listed are real and have pre-approved financial packages.
All positions listed are still open.
All positions listed are subject to being filled or canceled at any time.
All positions listed below are full-time.
All positions listed below require certain levels of audiovisual experience.
All positions listed here are on a volunteer basis.
All positions listed here are valid as of their posting.
All positions marked with an asterisk require an employment application.
All positions offer a competitive salary and benefits package.
All positions offer a competitive salary, excellent benefits and flexible vacation.
All positions offer a competitive salary.
All positions offer a full benefit package.
All positions offer a highly competitive salary and benefits package.
All positions offer a salary and training.
All positions offer a very real opportunity for both personal and professional advancement.
All positions offer an excellent compensation and benefit package .
All positions offer an excellent compensation and benefits package.
All positions offer an excellent relocation and benefits package.
All positions offer an excellent salary and benefits package.
All positions offer an exciting work environment and very competitive compensation.
All positions offer competitive compensation and benefits with stock options.
All positions offer competitive compensation and benefits.
All positions offer competitive compensation and excellent benefits packages.
All positions offer competitive compensation packages.
All positions offer competitive compensation, excellent benefits and advancement opportunities.
All positions offer competitive salaries and benefits.
All positions offer competitive salaries and excellent benefits.
All positions offer competitive salaries and provide opportunity for advancement.
All positions offer competitive salaries.
All positions offer competitive salary and benefit packages.
All positions offer competitive salary and benefits.
All positions offer excellent career growth opportunity.
All positions offer excellent employment prospects, good working conditions.
All positions offer excellent salary, quality fully expensed car and good prospects.
All positions offer flexibility, potential for growth, and opportunity to travel.
All positions offer great salaries.
All positions offer highly competitive salaries and stock options are available.
All positions offer industry competitive salary and benefits packages.
All positions offer opportunity for advancement, and mobility within the company is encouraged.
All positions offer opportunity for growth.
All positions offer salary, benefits, and stock options.
All positions offer the most competitive rates plus standard benefits.
All positions open nationwide.
All positions pay a stipend.
All positions pay competitive salaries dependent on age and experience.
All positions pay competitively with respect to experience and the New York job market.
All positions pay weekly salary.
All positions perform duties that are marginally related to the position's primary purpose.
All positions perform other related duties as assigned.
All positions play a dynamic part in our mission.
All positions please stand by to give status report when called.
All positions provide an excellent benefits package with health, life, dental and vision coverage.
All positions qualify for in-state tuition assistance.
All positions receive a quarterly stipend.
All positions remain open until filled, except as noted.
All positions remain open until filled.
All positions remain posted for the duration of the events.
All positions represent a great opportunity to gain experience in the professional sports industry.
All positions require a bachelors degree or equivalent experience.
All positions require a bachelors degree or equivalent.
All positions require a broad knowledge of the Internet and how it works.
All positions require a BS degree in the discipline and significant industry experience.
All positions require a certain amount of night time commitment.
All positions require a commitment to work on behalf of criminal justice population.
All positions require a criminal background investigation.
All positions require a district application.
All positions require a drug screen.
All positions require a four year college degree, unless noted otherwise.
All positions require a good attitude and the ability to spot things that are out of place.
All positions require a good credit history and security background check.
All positions require a good standard of written and spoken English.
All positions require a high degree of physical activity.
All positions require a high school education or the equivalent.
All positions require a minimum of two years post academic experience.
All positions require a minimum of two years professional experience.
All positions require a Ph.D. in chemistry, biochemistry, molecular biology, or biophysics.
All positions require a post-offer drug screen.
All positions require a pre-employment background investigation and drug screen.
All positions require a pre-employment drug test.
All positions require a professional image and excellent communication skills.
All positions require a proven track record and a strong commitment to excellence.
All positions require a security clearance.
All positions require a strong university degree and at least two years of practical experience.
All positions require a U.S. citizenship.
All positions require a valid California credential authorizing the specific type of service.
All positions require ability to tutor, counsel and supervise high school students.
All positions require an application letter, resume and relevant supporting documentation.
All positions require an aptitude and demonstrated ability with the computer.
All positions require an earned doctorate at the time of appointment.
All positions require an earned doctorate except as noted.
All positions require an earned doctorate, unless otherwise noted.
All positions require an earned Ph.D. and strong interests in teaching and research.
All positions require an enhanced reliability clearance prior to appointment.
All positions require an excellent knowledge of English.
All positions require an initial training period followed by hands-on training.
All positions require an in-person interview and favorable references.
All positions require any work to be sent to the site administrator for posting or updating.
All positions require ARRL membership and monthly reporting.
All positions require availability on weekends, holidays and some evenings.
All positions require basic customer service and telephone experience.
All positions require candidate to be eligible for employment in the United States.
All positions require clear English communication skills.
All positions require community living and flexibility.
All positions require computer literacy.
All positions require current Connecticut licensure or eligibility.
All positions require current CPR and first aid certifications.
All positions require current licensure in the District of Columbia.
All positions require customer service, register, merchandising, etc.
All positions require day to day contacts of one form or another.
All positions require dedicated team players with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
All positions require drug testing.
All positions require either an employment application or a resume.
All positions require employees to live in the Boston area.
All positions require evening and weekend rotation.
All positions require evening and weekend work.
All positions require excellent academic credentials and strong writing skills.
All positions require excellent communication skills, college degree, and high energy levels.
All positions require excellent communication skills.
All positions require excellent customer service skills.
All positions require excellent interpersonal and written communication skills.
All positions require excellent work ethic- knack for neatness and a eye for detail.
All positions require excellent writing and communication skills.
All positions require excellent writing and interpersonal communications skills.
All positions require excellent writing, organizational and word processing skills.
All positions require exceptional member service.
All positions require exceptional organizational, interpersonal, communication and writing skills.
All positions require experience in policy analysis, research and writing.
All positions require experience in related field.
All positions require flexible, self-motivated individuals with strong organizational skills.
All positions require four year college degree.
All positions require good academic standing.
All positions require good communication skills and an excellent work ethic.
All positions require good math skills.
All positions require hospital experience.
All positions require individuals who thrive on creativity and challenge. . .and who are patient.
All positions require individuals with good organizational and communication skills.
All positions require job candidates to be flexible, adaptable to change, and able to multitask.
All positions require job related reference checks prior to employment.
All positions require job-related testing.
All positions require language fluency in the respective countries.
All positions require leading groups on shabbat.
All positions require long, hard days in the field, often under harsh conditions.
All positions require minimum one year of prior medical experience.
All positions require other duties as assigned.
All positions require paid industry experience.
All positions require passing a state of Washington background check.
All positions require pre-employment drug testing.
All positions require previous experience, however.
All positions require proficiency in either English or French.
All positions require qualification in the use of firearms.
All positions require reliable personal transportation and own arrangements on days off.
All positions require repeated heavy lifting.
All positions require self-directed individuals with a strong work ethic.
All positions require self-motivation and the ability to collaborate on a team.
All positions require significant time commitments.
All positions require some outside work and light lifting.
All positions require some travel, although the amount varies by program and duty station.
All positions require some travel.
All positions require strong communication and organizational skills.
All positions require strong communication, organization, and team work skills.
All positions require strong research skills and accomplishments corrosponding to the rank.
All positions require strong work ethic and commitment to quality and the desire to work as a team.
All positions require students to fill out and turn in an application with a current resume.
All positions require submission of a completed county application.
All positions require successful applicants to pass pre-employment drug screen.
All positions require superior teamwork, problem solving, and strong communication skills.
All positions require surgical experience.
All positions require talented engineers with strong academic backgrounds.
All positions require the ability to deal with the public in a high volume situation.
All positions require the ability to interpret science to the general public of all ages.
All positions require the ability to walk on uneven terrain in all kinds of weather conditions.
All positions require the ability to work - independently.
All positions require the ability to work flexible hours and days as needed.
All positions require the capability to problem solve in a fast paced environment.
All positions require the employee to commute each day to the Atlanta location.
All positions require the flexibility for travel.
All positions require the individual selected to be able to travel.
All positions require the same credentials as required in North America.
All positions require the use of very sharp tools.
All positions require total flexibility and ability to work weekends.
All positions require transportation.
All positions require two weeks of staff training.
All positions require U.S. citizenship.
All positions require weekend and holiday scheduling.
All positions require weekend and holiday work schedules.
All positions require weekend availability.
All positions require weekend work.
All positions require willingness to relocate.
All positions require word-processing skills.
All positions require working every other weekend.
All positions requires Internet and PC skills, good communication skills, and positive work ethics.
All Positions Show up to weekly meeting.
All positions sound great.
All positions start on a contract basis.
All positions stress customer satisfaction.
All positions work with adults with mental retardation.
Any position done facing directly to the audience with no angle, is en face.
Any position held statically invites fatigue to set in quickly, and is potentially injurious.
Any position held within the organisation is electable, recallable and entails administrative work.
Any position is open to any member of the club.
Any position is repetition.
Every position also has some primitive reflection.
Every position counts.
Every position has a back-up defined.
Every position has a unique canonical representation.
Every position has different requirements and skill sets necessary for the job.
Every position has to have it.
Every position involves the selling of one currency and the buying of another.
Every position is different.
Every position is important, and every individual is valued.
Every position is key to our business.
Every position is measured using the same parameters.
Every position is open.
Every position is something North, South, East or West on the psychiatric compass.
Every position is that way.
Every position is, at best, insecure, and now everyone is just a few levels from the top.
Every position looks strong through and through as all four spots have a returning starter.
Every position means thousands of dollars, depending on the size of the tournament.
Every position needs different requirements.
Every position sounds great.
Many position are open right now.
Many positions allow for flexible hours and days.
Many positions also are available with local government units.
Many positions also offer substantial stock options.
Many positions are available for students interested in participating in student government.
Many positions are available in our local area with national chains.
Many positions are available on current or future committees and task groups.
Many positions are available regionally and nationally.
Many positions are available throughout Germany, Italy, Belgium, and the Netherlands.
Many positions are available throughout the day.
Many positions are available.
Many positions are currently available.
Many positions are eligible for gratuities.
Many positions are for an overall effect.
Many positions are in food, medical and pharmaceutical manufacturing firms.
Many positions are on-going, apply at the organization.
Many positions are open due to a lack of qualified individuals.
Many positions are open for application at any time.
Many positions are open.
Many positions are part time.
Many positions are part-time.
Many positions are still available, so act now.
Many positions are still available.
Many positions are tax free and most provide housing, travel, health insurances and home leave.
Many positions are underpaid and sometimes overworked.
Many positions become available each spring and summer.
Many positions can allow employees to have flexible schedules and still get the necessary work done.
Many positions come in and are filled before the site is updated.
Many positions have a performance based bonus plan in addition to the base compensation.
Many positions have term limits.
Many positions involve direct contact with the public either in person or by telephone.
Many positions lead to permanent jobs.
Many positions lead to supervisory and executive responsibilities.
Many positions offer afternoon and evening hours as well as weekends.
Many positions offer considerable responsibility to people early in their careers.
Many positions offer full benefit plans.
Many positions pay minimum wage.
Many positions pay very well.
Many positions provide room and board as compensation for volunteers' service.
Many positions request multiple years experience.
Many positions require a background investigation and reference check.
Many positions require a doctoral degree and it is of increasing importance for advancement.
Many positions require a specific academic background.
Many positions require a willingness to travel.
Many positions require a worker to get along, cooperate and work successfully with a supervisor.
Many positions require additional education.
Many positions require an application plus other documents.
Many positions require an irregular tour of duty.
Many positions require certification.
Many positions require employees to carry firearms and to learn to speak Spanish.
Many positions require foreign language skills or the potential to learn a language.
Many positions require little or no experience.
Many positions require physical stamina, a clean background and a high tolerance for stress.
Many positions require similar previous experience.
Many positions require specific coursework to supplement the degree.
Many positions require standing for extended periods.
Many positions require testing prior to our conducting interviews.
Many positions require testing.
Many positions require union membership.
Many positions require upper body strength.
Many positions require writing skills, analytical ability, or the ability to draft correspondence.
More positions are available with private archaeological contracting firms.
More positions are still available.
More positions promise less teaching, more grant applications and greater visibility.
Most position have more than one interview.
Most positions affect status.
Most positions allow flexible hours - students can usually fit their jobs into their schedules.
Most positions allow for cross over possibilities.
Most positions already have someone at least temporarily.
Most positions also require a supplemental questionnaire.
Most positions also require the employee to apply for a Secret level security clearance.
Most positions are a maximum of seven hours per day, five days per week.
Most positions are after school.
Most positions are aproximate and are indicated with a tilde before the pair.
Most positions are at lunchtime.
Most positions are at our administrative offices in Southeast Portland.
Most positions are at the manager, director, and vice president levels.
Most positions are available at hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and health maintenance programs .
Most positions are available at hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and health maintenance programs.
Most positions are available for both weekdays and weekends.
Most positions are available for off-site locations.
Most positions are available in hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and health maintenance programs.
Most positions are available in multiple locations.
Most positions are available nights and weekends.
Most positions are available, just visit the website and read.
Most positions are entry level and seasonal.
Most positions are entry level, as most cruise lines promote from within based on job performance.
Most positions are entry-level, with little or no experience required.
Most positions are exempt from paying dues, and some even pay money.
Most positions are field jobs involving the conservation of the environment.
Most positions are flexible in terms of hours and duration of commitment.
Most positions are for a year or more, though some are for shorter terms.
Most positions are for full work weeks.
Most positions are for independent sub-contractors.
Most positions are for one year.
Most positions are full time.
Most positions are full-time.
Most positions are in chemistry, with some overlap in biology.
Most positions are in Colorado.
Most positions are in engineering, sales, and upper management.
Most positions are in high technology, but a few are in natural resources.
Most positions are in historic costume and involve some role playing.
Most positions are in hospitality, but any international experience looks good.
Most positions are in Illinois or other parts of the Midwest.
Most positions are in managerial, technical and professional fields.
Most positions are in New York City.
Most positions are in Ontario, but other provinces are included.
Most positions are in Sacramento, California.
Most positions are in show stadiums, directing guests to seats and ensuring guest and animal safety.
Most positions are in state or federal governments and academia.
Most positions are in the Central Ohio area.
Most positions are in the Northern Virginia area.
Most positions are in the Washington, D.C. area.
Most positions are on a volunteer basis.
Most positions are on campus and include teaching assistants, tutors and office assistants.
Most positions are on campus, either Fulton or Tupelo.
Most positions are on the night shift, five days a week, eight hours per day.
Most positions are on-campus.
Most positions are open until filled, with an application review date.
Most positions are part time or reduced part time.
Most positions are part time, but many are also full time.
Most positions are part time.
Most positions are part-time and work in the morning hours during the week or on the weekend.
Most positions are part-time.
Most positions are professional and require experience.
Most positions are seasonal, and some are full time.
Most positions are seasonal.
Most positions are short-term telecommuting positions and only take a few hours each week.
Most positions are staff support.
Most positions are subject to a one-year probationary period.
Most positions are subject to a State administered test.
Most positions are technical.
Most positions are voluntary.
Most positions are volunteer, however there are two positions which pay.
Most positions are with off-campus employers in nonprofit legal service agencies.
Most positions are within financial operations such as the treasury.
Most positions are year-round, but some summer work is available.
Most positions become available and are filled in a timely manner.
Most positions can earn quarterly incentives, based on performance.
Most positions can locate in either location.
Most positions entail a one-year commitment.
Most positions exist in countries.
Most positions filled are Canadian and Northern U.S.A. in nature.
Most positions focus on general nursing although there are occasional specialist placements.
Most positions go through a background investigation similar to sworn officers.
Most positions have a floating level.
Most positions have a six month probationary period.
Most positions have considerable power.
Most positions have degrees.
Most positions have management responsibility.
Most positions have physical demands.
Most positions have potential.
Most positions have power.
Most positions have requirements.
Most positions have responsibility.
Most positions have two candidates running for office.
Most positions indicate a start date and a duration.
Most positions involve a balance of both.
Most positions involve heavy contact with public, faculty, staff and students.
Most positions involve only one student.
Most positions involve outdoor work and physical labor.
Most positions listed are from higher education.
Most positions listed at the web site are tech positions.
Most positions listed represent initial post-graduate educational or employment.
Most positions offer a small salary and living quarters.
Most positions offer full training and no experience is required.
Most positions offer great growth potential.
Most positions offer great potential.
Most positions offer growth potential.
Most positions offer opportunity.
Most positions offer potential.
Most positions offer promotional opportunities.
Most positions offer, at a minimum, housing in the park and a nominal stipend.
Most positions offer, at a minimum, housing or camper hook-up sites and a nominal stipend.
Most positions offered are full-time, and most people employed are male.
Most positions prefer a bachelor's degree, or substantial experience in the trade.
Most positions provide benefits.
Most positions provide excellent benefits including company-paid health, dental, and life insurance.
Most positions provide for step increases, on anniversary of hiring date.
Most positions provide other benefits.
Most positions provide the opportunity for frequent travel.
Most positions receive room, board, and a stipend.
Most positions receive some pay or honoraria.
Most positions require a bachelor's degree and a commitment of at least one academic year.
Most positions require a bachelor's degree in engineering.
Most positions require a background in computer, silk screen, painting or metal fabrication.
Most positions require a college degree or comparable related experience.
Most positions require a degree in geology or earth sciences and some experience.
Most positions require a drug screening and Criminal Background Check, and many require a resume.
Most positions require a high school diploma or equivalent.
Most positions require a larger commitment.
Most positions require a law degree or paralegal experience.
Most positions require a master's degree in the appropriate discipline.
Most positions require a minimum of five years experience.
Most positions require a minimum of four years of experience under a journey level mechanic.
Most positions require a one year commitment with the option to extend based upon mutual agreement.
Most positions require a Ph.D., others require at least a BA and three years experience.
Most positions require a security clearance, or the ability to obtain one.
Most positions require a significant amount of training and extensive computer skills.
Most positions require a strong preparation in the history of art.
Most positions require a written, typing and oral examination.
Most positions require advance degrees.
Most positions require an undergraduate degree with advance degree preferred.
Most positions require analytical and negotiation skills.
Most positions require at least a bachelor s degree.
Most positions require attention.
Most positions require careful consideration.
Most positions require computer skills.
Most positions require consideration.
Most positions require degrees.
Most positions require experience.
Most positions require graduate degrees.
Most positions require keen attention.
Most positions require knowledge of computer operations.
Most positions require learning a second language within the first year of service.
Most positions require little or no experience.
Most positions require little or no previous experience and new openings are frequently available.
Most positions require Massachusetts certification.
Most positions require master degrees.
Most positions require medical degrees or experience.
Most positions require no experience whatsoever .
Most positions require only three to four hours, once a week.
Most positions require overtime and there are some stressful periods.
Most positions require overtime.
Most positions require previous work experience.
Most positions require several years to build up experience, contacts, and responsibility.
Most positions require some evening and weekend hours.
Most positions require some evenings, weekends, and five to six days per week during the summer.
Most positions require some sort of post-secondary education.
Most positions require some training.
Most positions require some type of high tech skills and experience.
Most positions require strong customer service skills and some basic computer experience.
Most positions require students to be eligible for work study.
Most positions require technical backgrounds or business-related skills.
Most positions require that the employee relocate to Illinois.
Most positions require the ability to work any shift, weekends and holidays.
Most positions require the completion of the first year of law school to qualify.
Most positions require two or more years experience.
Most positions require volunteers during normal business working hours.
Most positions require work experience.
Most positions require working third shift.
Most positions run year-round.
Most positions span less than three frets.
Most positions span no more than three frets.
Most positions start at or near minimum wage.
Most positions start immediately.
Most positions vary between the winter and spring semesters.
Some positions act in a lead capacity over lower level clerical personnel.
Some positions affect likelihood.
Some positions allow a flexible work schedule.
Some positions allow for telecommuting.
Some positions also maintain, repair, and modify roadway and sign lighting.
Some positions also maintain, repair, and modify roadway, sign, and bridge lighting.
Some positions also offer great opportunities for travel.
Some positions also pay a wage.
Some positions also provide a partial tuition subsidy, if resources are available.
Some positions also require a background investigation.
Some positions also require a certain level of knowledge of and experience with personal computers.
Some positions also require a supplemental application.
Some positions also require a supplemental questionnaire.
Some positions also require a test.
Some positions also require an audition tape.
Some positions also require experience in writing online help and software user manuals.
Some positions also require job seekers to complete application forms.
Some positions also supervise various other trades and labor classes.
Some positions are affected by sunlight.
Some positions are also non-traineeships.
Some positions are ascribed, while others are achieved.
Some positions are available before the fair begins.
Some positions are available for two consecutive summers.
Some positions are available immediately.
Some positions are available to the general public, as specified in the announcements.
Some positions are better suited for Teleworking than others.
Some positions are bilingual and require fluency in both English and Spanish.
Some positions are compensated, others are on a volunteer basis.
Some positions are conducive to firm, direct clitoral stimulation.
Some positions are deep, but others are extremely thin.
Some positions are eligible for additional pay for swing, graveyard, and weekend shifts.
Some positions are eligible for flextime work schedules.
Some positions are for one-time events and some last the entire school year.
Some positions are fundamental and nonnegotiable.
Some positions are highly skilled and others require little or no experience at all.
Some positions are in community service settings.
Some positions are in house, while others are in the field.
Some positions are in the field and are physically demanding.
Some positions are interesting, though.
Some positions are internal but many are for everyone to apply.
Some positions are just plain old fun.
Some positions are longer.
Some positions are more flexible than others are.
Some positions are more prestigious than others.
Some positions are new, while others are simply renewed for another term.
Some positions are part time but all include benefits.
Some positions are part-time.
Some positions are safer, at least for the adult, than others.
Some positions are seasonal and some are permanent.
Some positions are seasonal.
Some positions are short positions or hedge positions.
Some positions are slightly touchy and require a very high level of turn-on.
Some positions are strong, some are weak.
Some positions are subject to criminal check .
Some positions are suitable for entry level applicants.
Some positions are summer temp positions.
Some positions are supervisory.
Some positions are surrounded by layers.
Some positions are tentative, pending receipt of federal and provincial funding .
Some positions are tenure track, while others are postdoctoral.
Some positions are very highly paid, some go for minimum wage, and some are volunteer opportunities.
Some positions are very specialized, especially at larger studios and for feature film work.
Some positions are year round while others are short term.
Some positions are year round.
Some positions are year-round.
Some positions assist any of the above skilled workers on complex repair jobs.
Some positions become available as library assistants move within the organization.
Some positions can help decrease difficulty breathing.
Some positions combine all the skills below, while others are very specific.
Some positions demand industry experience.
Some positions do include airshifts. .
Some positions do require such specific experience.
Some positions even have referral and sign-on bonuses.
Some positions exercise lead responsibilities over unskilled or semi-skilled employees.
Some positions exercise supervision over one or more employees.
Some positions have a computer mouse, others have trackballs .
Some positions have a minimum GPA requirement.
Some positions have a pre-determined promotion potential or an established career ladder.
Some positions have a residency requirement within the city limits of Hutchinson .
Some positions have a residency requirement within the city limits of Hutchinson.
Some positions have a waiting list.
Some positions have additional requirements.
Some positions have advantage.
Some positions have application deadlines.
Some positions have aspects.
Some positions have both.
Some positions have crucial aspects.
Some positions have effects.
Some positions have language requirements, or requirements for specific training or education.
Some positions have limited space available.
Some positions have maximum salaries allowable.
Some positions have minimum age requirements.
Some positions have minimum qualifications.
Some positions have more than one player because of ties in the voting.
Some positions have no competition for the top job.
Some positions have similarity.
Some positions have slight effects.
Some positions have specific age and skill requirements.
Some positions have specific age or previous experience requirements, as noted in the descriptions.
Some positions have stringent requirements, others are more flexible.
Some positions have supervisory or lead worker responsibilities.
Some positions have supervisory responsibilities.
Some positions have the potential for job sharing.
Some positions have the potential to involve travel.
Some positions have waiting lists, but string players are always welcome.
Some positions help to minimize unwanted tone.
Some positions indicate that it is necessary to complete a typing test.
Some positions involve analysis, interpretations, and action based on marketing information.
Some positions involve field supervisory responsibility.
Some positions involve large amounts of time outdoors, while others are laboratory-oriented.
Some positions involve responsibilities to control the work of others to varying degrees.
Some positions involve supervisory responsibility.
Some positions involve working with girls , some with adult .
Some positions involve working with girls, some with adults.
Some positions last up to six months, ending in fall or winter.
Some positions naturally command a higher wage than others.
Some positions necessitate frequent national and international travel.
Some positions occasionally operate equipment of more than two-ton capacity.
Some positions offer college credit while other positions provide a small stipend and housing.
Some positions offer company car.
Some positions offer course credit.
Some positions offer fringe benefits.
Some positions offer gratuity.
Some positions offer housing and meal plan as part of compensation package.
Some positions offer stipends, subsidized airfare, and all positions offer room and board.
Some positions pay a higher hourly rate.
Some positions pay a higher wage rate.
Some positions pay.
Some positions perform as legal secretaries.
Some positions perform same tasks.
Some positions perform tasks.
Some positions provide assistance.
Some positions provide food instead of an allowance.
Some positions provide information.
Some positions provide maintenance to private aircraft stationed at the agency's airport.
Some positions provide on the road enforcement of motor fuel tax law.
Some positions provide opportunities for overtime.
Some positions provide protection.
Some positions provide technical assistance.
Some positions provide training to Traffic Signal Technician Trainees.
Some positions receive a larger amount, others a amaller amount.
Some positions remain open.
Some positions remain vacant or filled temporarily such as president and spring regatta chair.
Some positions reqauire specific manufacturing experience.
Some positions require a car.
Some positions require a considerable time commitment.
Some positions require a cover letter and resume while others require an agency application.
Some positions require a criminal conviction check before a final offer of employment is made.
Some positions require a criminal conviction investigation.
Some positions require a drug test.
Some positions require a four-year degree in the desired position.
Some positions require a government security clearance or the qualifications to receive clearance.
Some positions require a higher degree of confidence in the employee.
Some positions require a higher level of skills and therefore pay more.
Some positions require a minimum of hours or length of time.
Some positions require a more elaborate financial background.
Some positions require a one-year commitment.
Some positions require a physical exam before beginning employment.
Some positions require a police background check.
Some positions require a polygraph examination.
Some positions require a security clearance.
Some positions require a six-day work week.
Some positions require a specialized knowledge or skill.
Some positions require a specific background for consideration.
Some positions require a supplemental questionnaire be completed and submitted as well.
Some positions require a thorough background investigation.
Some positions require a vehicle.
Some positions require a willingness to travel, including occasional overnight trips.
Some positions require ability to create customized itineraries.
Some positions require ability to lift, toilet or restrain students.
Some positions require ability to pass a preplacement physical exam.
Some positions require additional hands-on testing, design, and fabrication.
Some positions require additional information.
Some positions require advanced education.
Some positions require American citizenship or permanent resident status.
Some positions require an additional application process.
Some positions require an essay along with the application.
Some positions require an internship.
Some positions require an interview with the department manager prior to placement.
Some positions require applications several months in advance.
Some positions require attainment of a typing score in order to be qualified for the position.
Some positions require basic computer keyboard skills.
Some positions require being outdoors for extended periods of time.
Some positions require bilingual employees.
Some positions require canoeing and occasional overnights.
Some positions require casual business attire .
Some positions require college level units and previous experience.
Some positions require complex computation of retirement and disability benefits.
Some positions require computer skills and data entry experience.
Some positions require different working days and hours.
Some positions require driving a leased vehicle.
Some positions require driving record checks and criminal background checks.
Some positions require drug testing.
Some positions require eligibility for bonding.
Some positions require engineer technicians.
Some positions require engineering degrees.
Some positions require evening and weekend hours.
Some positions require evening hours.
Some positions require evening, night, and weekend work.
Some positions require experience instructing others in rock climbing and mountaineering.
Some positions require experience using computerized ticketing software.
Some positions require extensive in-state travel.
Some positions require extensive statewide travel.
Some positions require extensive travel.
Some positions require familiarity with the Internet.
Some positions require flexible work schedules or occasional overnight travel.
Some positions require fluency in French, Spanish, or Portuguese.
Some positions require formal education, certification or professional licensing.
Some positions require frequent overnight travel, including travel to remote communities statewide.
Some positions require frequent travel to present exhibits.
Some positions require heavy lifting.
Some positions require hiking, camping, swimming or varied hours on some assignements.
Some positions require Hmong or Spanish skills.
Some positions require human relations skills in order to deal with the public.
Some positions require keyboard skills.
Some positions require knowledge of a screwdriver to get inside the computer.
Some positions require knowledge of a specialty field.
Some positions require language proficiency or fluency.
Some positions require licensing as a land surveyor in the state of Oregon.
Some positions require lifting and climbing.
Some positions require manual labor and camping in the backcountry.
Some positions require masters.
Some positions require moderate to considerable driving.
Some positions require more extensive training than do others.
Some positions require national or international travel.
Some positions require night work, for which a higher salary is paid.
Some positions require no experience.
Some positions require occasional travel.
Some positions require one or more of the following.
Some positions require one year of experience in library services for children and youth.
Some positions require passing a physical examination, a drug test, and a fitness test.
Some positions require passing a physical examination.
Some positions require physicals.
Some positions require presentation skills, others writing ability.
Some positions require previous experience in a related field.
Some positions require prior banking experience.
Some positions require prior experience.
Some positions require proficiency in one or more foreign languages.
Some positions require proof of legal age to work in the position, proof of education, etc.
Some positions require public contact skills.
Some positions require regular exposure to laboratory animals or other live specimens.
Some positions require screening or a background check.
Some positions require second interviews.
Some positions require shift work.
Some positions require shift, holiday, and weekend work.
Some positions require shift, weekend, and holiday work hours.
Some positions require skill in a second language.
Some positions require skills that are highly specialized.
Some positions require Spanish bilingual skills.
Some positions require special knowledge, ability, or experience.
Some positions require special language skills.
Some positions require special training.
Some positions require specialized training.
Some positions require specific certifications or training.
Some positions require specific educational background.
Some positions require standing and walking for extended periods of time.
Some positions require state-wide and overnight travel.
Some positions require strong quantitative skills.
Some positions require supplemental forms in addition to the application.
Some positions require technicians.
Some positions require testing.
Some positions require that a supplemental questionnaire be completed and submitted.
Some positions require that students have access to other students record information.
Some positions require the ability to cashier.
Some positions require the ability to deal effectively with the public.
Some positions require the ability to distinguish basic or shades of color.
Some positions require the ability to distinguish either basic or shades of colors.
Some positions require the ability to enter underground confined spaces.
Some positions require the ability to obtain the appropriate county food handler's card.
Some positions require the ability to operate a motor vehicle to transport students.
Some positions require the ability to read and write and speak Spanish.
Some positions require the ability to read and write.
Some positions require the ability to speak Spanish or Vietnamese and English fluently.
Some positions require the ability to speak Spanish.
Some positions require the ability to understand, speak, write and read both Spanish and English.
Some positions require the ability to work in a high-rise building.
Some positions require the carrying of a firearm on-duty.
Some positions require the completion of a job skills inventory or other supplemental information.
Some positions require the incumbent to attend night meetings at or away from the work site.
Some positions require the incumbent to use electronic tracing devices.
Some positions require the operation of machinery.
Some positions require the performance of other essential and marginal functions.
Some positions require the performance of other essential or marginal functions.
Some positions require the use of a respirator as part of their duties.
Some positions require the use of only one of the two official languages.
Some positions require the willingness to travel, including occasional overnight trips.
Some positions require the willingness to work around forest fires.
Some positions require the willingness to work with and around pesticides.
Some positions require training that is offered regularly.
Some positions require travel regularly.
Some positions require travel throughout campus and local community.
Some positions require travel.
Some positions require typing ability.
Some positions require typing, computer skills, or European language.
Some positions require U.S. citizenship and the ability to work with classified information.
Some positions require U.S. citizenship or permanent residency.
Some positions require U.S. citizenship.
Some positions require varying amounts of time and skill levels.
Some positions require weekend and holiday work.
Some positions require weekend, shift, holiday or overtime.
Some positions require working around forest fires.
Some positions require working irregular hours, shifts, holidays, and weekends.
Some positions require working irregular hours, shifts, weekends, and holidays.
Some positions require working nights, weekends and holidays.
Some positions require working shifts, holidays, and weekends.
Some positions require working skill in the operation of small boat and harvesting equipment.
Some positions require working weekends and varying late night shifts.
Some positions require working weekends, holidays, or shifts.
Some positions serve as lead workers over a small number of other employees.
Some positions serve as lead workers over other employees.
Some positions share the same data while others rely on unique information.
Some positions specialize in transition planning for high school special education students.
Some positions start immediately.
Some positions supervise employees engaged in research or administrative activities.
Some positions supervise interns, volunteers or other paraprofessional or clerical employees.
Some positions supervise lower-level clerical personnel.
Some positions supervise other employees.
Some positions supervise other professional and clerical staff.
Some positions take months to fill.
Some positions work varying shifts.
Positional accuracy defines how correctly the digital features match real-world features.
Positional accuracy is considered poor.
Positional accuracy is estimated based on the precision of the location.
Positional asphyxia is likelier because one tries to get it in judo.
Positional association is legal but more error-prone.
Positional audio is very, very cool.
Positional awareness is important, very important.
Positional bargaining is used.
Positional bargaining is worse when in multiparty conflict.
Positional cloning is used to isolate the genes for molecular analyses.
Positional cloning leads to isolation of genes for a number of human diseases.
Positional clubfoot responds readily to non-surgical treatments, such as splinting and casting.
Positional conventions dictate how entities are laid out.
Positional cues specify and maintain aleurone cell fate in maize endosperm development.
Most positional differences are anatomic variations that occur from woman to woman.
Positional dots can enter the data.
Positional effects refer to the influence of one's position in a communication network.
Positional infliction is a large part of the game.
Positional information can be very useful.
Positional information is passed over the parallel port.
Positional information is used by organisms as a basis for pattern formation.
Positional internships are beneficial for both clubs and students.
Positional isomers are also usually similar.
Positional molding occurs very early in life, usually in the first few weeks.
Positional operators describe proximity between terms.
Positional parameters are global and can be passed to nested shell procedures.
Positional parameters are very similar, but are identified by numbers rather than by names.
Positional plans can fail tactically even though their concept is very good.
Positional play can bring excellent positions.
Positional purification is to be followed by temporal, or experiential, purification.
Positional sound is great.
Positional systems arise naturally.
Positional systems provide fruitful soil for development of mathematical contents.
Positional therapy has limits, but it has been tried with success in some patients.
Positional uncertainties are helpful, too.
Positional vertigo is most common in middle-aged patients.
A positioner is an actuator
All positioners move simultaneously.
Most positioning systems require a method for measuring the actual position.
Positioning are puttings.
All positions papers are in pdf format.
Posititve space is the shapes or forms in both two and three-demensional works of art.
Positive acceleration corresponds to increasing velocity.
Positive accomplishment is unlikely now.
Positive accomplishments are on the rise.
All positive accomplishments are borne of dreams - they start out in the mind of one person.
Positive achievements contribute to the developement of a happier child.
Positive acknowledgment is received from the customer before the order is processed.
Positive acknowledgment is received from the customer before the transaction is processed.
Positive acknowledgment is used for fault tolerance and detection.
Positive action clamping locks align the cover to the base forming a steam tight seal.
Positive action clamping wing nuts permit easy opening and closing.
Positive action depends on clear thinking.
Positive action deserves positive praise.
Positive action destroys the thoughts of dispair that depression brings forth.
Positive action erases negative emotion.
Positive action is taken as soon as an applicant is judged to be highly qualified.
Positive action is taken on issues affecting professional turfgrass managers.
Positive action is usually helpful.
Positive action is volitional behavior that is initiating the generation of new property.
Positive action is wonderful, but when it becomes aggressive it damages and destroys women.
Positive action means taking specific temporary measures to achieve equality.
Positive action serves as an example to stimulate others to take more care.
Positive actions are much more powerful than positive thinking.
Positive activation leads to responsiveness, negative activation leads to tolerance.
Positive activity pays off.
Positive adaptation leads to successful aging.
Positive affect facilitates problem solving.
Positive affect fascilitates creative problem solving.
Positive affect is important.
Positive affect signals that a situation is benign, whereas negative affect indicates a problem.
Positive affirmations work wonders and elicit positive responses.
Positive analysis is emphasized throughout the course.
Positive angles cause a clockwise rotation of the image.
Positive angles indicate counterclockwise motion, and negative angles indicate clockwise motion.
Positive angles mean clockwise rotation.
Positive angles produce a clockwise rotation of the image.
Positive angles rotate the image counter-clockwise and negative angles rotate the image clockwise.
Positive angles yield anti-clockwise rotation, while negative angles are taken as clockwise.
Positive anomalies indicate regions that tend to favor suppressed tropical convection.
Positive answers are future dates and times.
Positive answers require further time.
Positive approaches involve alternatives to behaviorism and the medical model on which it is based.
Positive areas are conducive to instability.
Positive areas represent where winds are converging and thus forcing upward motion.
Positive arguments increase the number of skipped stack frames.
Positive aspects outweigh flaws and omissions.
Positive aspirations are still important of course.
Positive assertiveness tears down walls of misunderstanding.
Positive assessment is left for the yellow hat.
Positive associations exist when one variable increases as the other variable increases.
Positive attention helps the stock go up, negative attention drives it down.
Positive attention is a great motivator.
Positive attention makes children want to be good.
Positive attitude can help to uplift the life of a disabled.
Positive attitude changes everything.
Positive attitude contributes to academic success.
Positive attitude contributes to relative success.
Positive attitude contributes to success.
Positive attitude enters the body through natural pranic energy combined with selected affirmations.
Positive attitude is a self-imposed blessing.
Positive attitude is about taking the opportunity.
Positive attitude is everything.
Positive attitude is important.
Positive attitude is required.
Positive attitude is the most important part of recovery.
Positive attitude is the number one thing employers look for - almost everything else can be taught.
Positive attitude means that parents are worried and reacting adequately towards the problem.
Positive attitude plays a very powerful role in being successful in life.
Positive attitudes are certainly better than frowns and negative thinking.
Positive attitudes are contagious.
Positive attitudes are infectious.
Positive attitudes are necessary to perform useful work in the world.
Positive attitudes attract positive results.
Positive attitudes attract the right people.
Positive attitudes come in unlimited quantities.
Positive attitudes create positive situations.
Positive attitudes develop when food preparation and mealtimes are pleasant and fun experiences.
Positive attitudes help everyone get the most out of life.
Positive attitudes invite positive results and negative attitudes invite negative results.
Positive attitudes lead to positive results.
Positive attitudes produce positive results.
Positive attitudes produce positive thoughts, and their offspring of positive results in action.
Most positive attitude contributes to academic success.
Most positive attitude contributes to relative success.
Most positive attitude contributes to success.
Positive behavior is behavior such as extra effort, attitude, exceptional performance, etc.
Positive behavior is encouraged through natural and logical consequences.
Positive behavior supports.
More positive behaviors result in being better liked by peers.
Positive beliefs can have an extremely positive effect on our life outcomes.
Positive benefits save money.
Positive blood contains proteins.
Most positive blood contains proteins.
Positive bowel sounds.
Positive buzz can help fill theaters or boost stock behind an artist.
Positive buzz can send new-product sales soaring to dizzying heights.
Positive camber moves the top of the tire out away from the body of the car.
Positive cash flowhouses homes apartment buildings available.
Positive caster moves the wheel towards the front of the car.
Positive caster provides straight line stability plus promotes proper camber gain during cornering.
Positive cats are susceptible to other infections due to a depressed immune system.
Positive cats show black holes as the cysts are full of fluid.
Positive cells adhere to the steel wool.
Positive cells stain brown.
Positive change breeds more positive change.
Positive change can come from such discussion.
Positive change can lead to a quality life even within the prison walls.
Positive change depends on what occurs in our classrooms.
Positive change is important for the community as well.
Positive change is the work of both visionary individuals and committed groups.
Positive change is unlikely.
Positive change means life.
Positive change requires initiative, effort and long-term commitment.
Positive changes can produce positive results at any age.
Positive changes echo just as far and deeper still than negative programming.
Positive changes occurs when leadership and ideas come together.
Positive changes surround.
Some positive changes are underway in labor and product markets.
Positive charge is a net excess of electon holes.
Positive charge is charge
Positive charge is charge.
Positive charge is stationary, and has charge density , so the net charge is zero.
Positive charge passes through electrolytes.
Positive charge passes through solid electrolytes.
Positive charge resides on one plate, while negative charge resides on the other.
Positive charges are associated with protons and negative charges are associated with electrons.
Positive charges are red, negative charges are blue.
Positive charges are sources of , negative charges are sinks of .
Positive charges are sources.
Positive charges attract negative charges.
Positive charges occur in the base of the drum to balance the negative charges on the surface.
Positive charges repel each other.
Positive charges stay on the inside surface of the belt and travel upwards as the belt moves.
Most positive charge passes through electrolytes.
Most positive charge passes through solid electrolytes.
Some positive charge contains oxygen.
Positive chemotaxis is a feedback system that signals leukocyte migration into damaged areas.
Positive churn means tasks that slip behind schedule.
Positive claims require evidence.
Positive climate helps students feel accepted and comfortable talking to school staff.
Positive colonies are indicative of fecal contamination.
Positive comity opens further possibilities for co-operation.
Positive commands enjoin a responsibility, and negative commands prohibit wrong-doing.
Positive commandments require action of some kind, while negative ones demand a degree of restraint.
Positive comments are also important and appreciated.
Positive comments are even more welcome.
Positive comments are many times more frequent than negative ones.
Positive comments are really nice.
Positive comments are welcome too.
Positive comments go a long way in building parent relationships.
Positive comments increase the moderators points, negative words decrease the moderators points.
Positive comments stimulate learning more effectively than do negative ones.
All positive comments welcome.
More positive comments mention group work and projects.
Positive communication can be one of the healthiest habits of all.
Positive communication can increase both supervisors' and employees' self-esteem.
Positive communication focuses on respect for the child and involves both speaking and listening.
Positive communication helps families support each other through many different life experiences.
Positive communication helps members feel valuable and welcome to share their talents.
Positive communication impacts the energy of a work team.
Positive communication is a tool to develop resiliency.
Positive communication is also the key to good relationships at work.
Positive communication is important in healthy families.
Positive communication is needed in order to collect.
Positive communication is the key to love and romance.
Positive communication leads to nurturing relationships, cooperation, and feelings of worth.
Positive compliments can make satisfying rewards.
Positive confidence is like a magnet.
Positive confirmations are usually a reliable source of evidence.
Positive consequences insure compliance with standards which results in a healthy environment.
Positive contact means a telephone call or something in writing that bears the owner's signature.
Positive continuity emphasizes the new content.
Positive contrast are materials with high atomic numbers.
Positive contributions are always welcome.
Positive contributions have a snowball effect.
Positive control handle grips with easily accessible stop switch.
Positive control is provided.
Positive control provided in kit allows interblot comparisons.
Positive controls are to be used in each experiment.
Positive corrections are in the northern sense while negative shifts are in the southern sense.
A positive correlation is a correlational statistics
Positive correlation indicates that large forecast values are associated with large observed values.
Positive correlation is needed because items measure a common entity.
Positive correlation is when both variables rise or fall together.
Positive correlation says that as one set of data increases, so does the other.
Positive correlations are correlations.
Positive correlations are useful for finding products which tend to be purchased together.
Positive correlations exist between growth and blood concentrations of testosterone.
Positive counts increase the height, while negative counts decrease it.
Positive couples can be there for each other without having any fear in intimacy.
Positive couples can be there for each other without having any fear of intimacy.
Positive creativity is conceived in the womb of joy.
Positive criticism can strengthen both working relationships and the project.
Positive criticism is a healthy process.
Positive criticism is appreciated.
Positive criticism is more than welcome.
Positive critique recognizes dangers in an existing state of affairs and seeks to go on ahead.
Positive current is defined as flowing into a terminal.
Positive current is defined as flowing into each terminal.
Positive current is defined to flow into each teminal.
Positive currents move to the right, negative currents move to the left.
Positive declarations can create miracles.
Positive declinations are in the northern half of the sky.
Positive definitions can suffer from additional negative descriptions.
All positive deflections are R waves and only R waves.
Positive development is emphasized through everyday programming and experiences.
Positive deviations indicate repulsive solvent-solute interactions relative to an ideal solution.
Positive diagnosis is essential.
Positive diagnosis is made from larval cultures of feces from suspect animals.
Positive dialogue contributes to positive self-esteem.
Any positive difference is paid into specific transition funds to each respective utility.
Positive diopters indicate hyperopia, or farsightedness.
Positive direction is to the right.
Positive discipline is another one.
Positive discipline is developmental appropriate.
Positive discipline is hard work - a labour of parental love.
Positive discipline is important to the development of a positive sense of self-worth.
Positive discipline is much better than punishment.
Positive discipline is much better that punishment.
Positive discipline means helping children learn self-control and problem solving.
Positive discipline teaches children responsibility.
Positive discipline teaches concepts which are more effective than punishment.
Positive discipline uses natural and logical consequences.
Positive discrimination can be either beneficial or adverse.
Positive discrimination is illegal in many countries .
Positive discrimination is illegal in many countries.
Positive discrimination is no solution, nor is more legislation.
Positive displacement is available in two basic technologies.
Positive door stop.
Positive dreams reveal our soul's upward growth and development.
Positive drift means the master clock is fast.
Positive effects are especially in remote areas by generating power in remote areas.
Positive effects are increased employment and a decreased dependence of imported fuels.
Positive effects can come from shorter periods of moderate activity.
Positive efforts are underway.
Positive efforts can and do make a difference.
Positive electricity remains an enigma.
Positive elements can suggest the negative.
Positive emotions are essential for healthy adolescent growth.
Positive emotions express an attempt or an intention to Include.
Positive emotions help fight stress while negative ones produce or intensify stress.
Positive emotions play a strong role in recovery.
Positive emotions promote survival through nurturing and healing.
Positive emotions speed recovery from the cardiovascular sequelae of negative emotions.
Positive emotions stimulate the nervous system that protects the heart and reduces blood pressure.
Positive emotions trigger upward spirals toward emotional well-being .
Every positive emotion signals the opposite.
Positive encumbrance gets a character points.
Positive endorsements are preferable to negative commentary.
Positive energy attracts people to it.
Positive energy attracts positive results.
Positive energy attracts.
Positive energy can help that person.
Positive energy comes from laughter, love, hope, and peace.
Positive energy flows freely in energy systems bringing vitality and health.
Positive energy gives good rolls and negative energy gives bad rolls.
Positive energy is a major key to team success.
Positive energy is always contagious.
Positive energy is contagious.
Positive energy is one of the greatest barrier breakers in finding a job.
Positive energy is projected into each gemstone before shipment.
Positive energy is pure love.
Positive energy makes peak performances possible.
Positive enforcement can only yield a positive change.
Positive environments assist people to make changes in their lives.
Positive equality require unbiased meritocratic standards.
Positive estuaries have a river at the back and get less saline going away from the sea.
Positive evidence can also correct a false assumption.
Positive evidences are far more profitable to consider than mere gaps and negations.
Positive examples lead to the elimination of models that are too specific.
Positive expectancies breed positive results.
Positive expectation produces an effect which is quite measurable in the body.
Positive expectation yields negative results.
Positive expectations are essential.
Positive expectations are fine for dating at any age.
Positive expectations decrease defensiveness and increase cooperation.
Positive expectations yield negative results.
Positive experience is gained only from serving a useful position.
Positive experience promotes growth.
Positive experiences associated with a defined brand are key to winning loyal support.
Positive experiences boost the immune system.
Positive experiences generate positive feelings about the downtown.
Positive experiences generate positivity.
Positive experiences support our hopes and dreams.
Most positive experience promotes growth.
Positive exponents result in a power function.
Positive exposures count, too, such as essential vitamins and nutrients in our diet.
Positive externalities are beneficial.
Many positive factors abound.
Positive features are the very good firmness throughout and very spirited temperament.
Positive feedback benefits the organism, whereas negative feedback is detrimental.
Positive feedback can accomplish two goals simultaneously.
Positive feedback can be negative things but said in the right.
Positive feedback can help businesses build trust in a medium that is essentially anonymous.
Positive feedback causes an amplification of the stimulus by the reaction.
Positive feedback consists of giving a reward to employees when they do something correctly or well.
Positive feedback creates growth, an exponential change of state.
Positive feedback feels good.
Positive feedback generates dramatic change, and the system falls apart.
Positive feedback given for safe work practices is a very powerful tool.
Positive feedback goes to people who deliver.
Positive feedback helps encourage continued adherence.
Positive feedback increases the deviation from an initial state.
Positive feedback increases voltage gain and negative feedback reduces it.
Positive feedback involves the sampling of control variables with further action of the same type.
Positive feedback is a mechanism by which an output is enhanced, such as protein levels.
Positive feedback is a wonderful thing.
Positive feedback is also welcome.
Positive feedback is always abnormal and leads to homeostasis failure.
Positive feedback is always nice too.
Positive feedback is always welcome also.
Positive feedback is always welcome, and it is unanimous - briefer is better.
Positive feedback is always welcome.
Positive feedback is both affirming and reinforcing.
Positive feedback is even more useful than negative feedback.
Positive feedback is feedback
Positive feedback is feedback.
Positive feedback is helpful, Negative feedback is exceedingly helpful.
Positive feedback is immediate.
Positive feedback is key in developing skills for life.
Positive feedback is less common in biological systems.
Positive feedback is more readily and accurately perceived than negative feedback.
Positive feedback is much more important in training new skills.
Positive feedback is necessary for oscillation to occur.
Positive feedback is one of the most important characteristics of self organising systems.
Positive feedback is provided each time a word is spelled correctly.
Positive feedback is provided throughout.
Positive feedback is provided to students when appropriate decisions are made.
Positive feedback is quite rare, and constructive suggestions seem to be even less common.
Positive feedback is the best way to reinforce good behavior.
Positive feedback is the best way to reinforce positive behaviors.
Positive feedback is the reverse of negative feedback.
Positive feedback is very important.
Positive feedback is when the response enhances the original stimulus.
Positive feedback leads to amplifying a change made in the system.
Positive feedback makes the system more responsive and negative feedback makes it more stable.
Positive feedback meets staff's needs for intimacy and security.
Positive feedback molds a more productive staff.
Positive feedback motivates the student and opens the channels of communication.
Positive feedback occurs as pesticide applications are increased to offset increasing resistance.
Positive feedback occurs when an original change in a system grows and the system becomes unstable.
Positive feedback occurs when the response to a stimulus increases the original stimulus.
Positive feedback processes ii.
Positive feedback provides several important benefits.
Positive feedback seems to be the primary stimulus in causing a wolf to remark an area.
Positive feedback tends to explode the outcome field and fill it with evermore attractors.
Positive feedback tends to reinforce the initial process.
Positive feedback works better than negative.
Positive feedbacks lead to an acceleration in the rate of the forward reaction.
Any positive feedback is welcome as well.
Much positive feedback is received from both local residents and tourists who visit the park.
Positive feeling are equalizers, negative feelings intensify differences.
Positive feelings are often a result of an experience in lucid dreams.
Positive film is accepted.
Positive film is designed to stand up to years of intensive usage.
Positive film is required for all advertisements and needs to be marked for color if appropriate.
Positive film is required.
Positive films record a positive image of the scene.
Positive floatation is provided by four air bags.
Positive flotation is provided by four air bags.
Positive flow is towards the sun.
Positive force corresponds to repulsion.
Positive forces are forces in the positive direction i.e. repulsive forces.
Positive forces can, however, come along to reenergize expansion.
Many positive forces exist in Africa.
Positive freedom is to be the hallmark of the intrusive state.
Positive freedom means being entitled to take part in government, that is, democracy.
Positive graffiti adds to the environment.
Positive growth continues for years.
Positive growth requires risk taking.
Most positive growth continues for years.
Positive guidance promotes self-control.
Many positive guys do indeed react defensively, as if the question constitutes some personal attack.
Positive habits can deliver precisely that.
Positive hair is stored for one year.
Positive health is more than an absence of disease.
Positive history creates positive maps of the world.
Positive humor is used appropriately.
Positive humor reduces tension, helps keep one's perspective and makes communication easier.
Positive identification is a big issue and needs to be carried throughout the system.
Positive identification is also problematic with old remains.
Positive identification is by blocks or pairs with guide lines between stamps.
Positive identification is by blocks or panes showing gutters between panes.
Positive identification is by counting scales on the head.
Positive identification is identification
Positive identification is identification.
Positive identification is important as behavioral differences affect control actions.
Positive identification is made by stool specimen analysis.
Positive identification is pending.
Positive identification is possible only through laboratory culturing.
Positive identification is required for all library cards.
Positive identification is required of all prospective researchers.
Positive identification is required to register.
Positive identification is required when picking up a student.
Positive identification is required when securing a permit.
Positive identification is required.
Positive identification requires laboratory culturing of the fungus.
Positive identification requires laboratory culturing.
Positive identification requires the services of a trained botanist.
Positive identification showing name and current address is required.
Some positive identification requires experience.
Positive images can resolve internal tensions and mental disorder.
Positive imagery is another variation of deep breathing.
Positive impacts are the potential constructive effects of the position's actions.
Positive incentives can turn the environment from a liability to an asset for a resource owner.
Positive incentives combat the use of alcohol and other drugs.
Positive incentives encourage positive actions, behaviors, and relationships.
Positive incentives go a step further.
Positive increase leads to growth every year.
Positive indexing is provided by a dual-ball, hill and valley index assembly.
Positive individuals exhibit markers corresponding to one or both homologs from a parent.
Positive influences produce inner strength and optimism.
Any positive influence provides a bonus for the peace process.
Positive information remains forever.
Positive information remains indefinitely.
Positive information stays on credit reports indefinitely.
Positive information stays on indefinitely.
Positive innovation is evident in other areas as well.
Positive input is always welcome.
Positive integers are an infinite family whose kinship is wonderfully intricate.
Positive integers are positive numbers.
Positive integers are the numbers to the right of zero.
Positive integers indicate forward rates and negative integers indicate reverse rates.
Positive integers move the drop shadow down.
Positive integers move the drop shadow to the right.
Positive integers use the same representation as unsigned.
All positive integers are boring.
All positive integers are equal.
All positive integers are interesting.
Any positive integer is acceptable.
Any positive integer is converted to a negative integer.
Any positive integer is legal, and in any order, but excessively high numbers are best avoided.
Any positive integer is valid.
Every positive integer has exactly one successor.
Every positive integer is expressible as a product of prime numbers in a unique way.
Every positive integer is represented by exactly one model.
Positive integration can and does happen.
Positive interaction gets people hired, promoted, and recruited for better opportunities.
Positive interaction is less prone to causing leader bashing problems than is negative interaction.
Positive interaction leads to success as a team member as well as a team leader.
Positive interactions can help even the most difficult students meet behavioral expectations.
Positive interactions exist between teachers, staff, administrators, and students.
Positive interactions occur with staff, faculty and students.
Positive interdependence creates peer encouragement and support for learning.
Positive interdependence is an essential dynamic for successful cooperative activities.
Positive interdependence requires all members to cooperate in order to complete the task.
Positive interference causes an increase in the overall wavefunction.
Positive interference expects few double recombinants in a given region of chromosome.
Positive involvement is the way to go.
Positive ions are also plentiful in our society.
Positive ions are atoms or molecules that have lost an electron.
Positive ions are called 'cations'.
Positive ions are present in cigarette smoke.
Positive ions flowing toward the lower electrode exert the ion drag force.
Positive ions have more protons while negative ones have more electrons.
Positive ions produced by radiation are extremely unstable.
Positive ions travel to the negative terminal and negative ions travel to the positive terminal.
All positive karma is virtuous as all negative karma is non-virtuous.
Positive language is needed.
Positive language opens eyes more than negative rhetoric.
Positive language shows that adoption is a planned, valid choice in making a family.
Positive latitude is north of the equator.
Positive law defines such rights, and the judiciary can adjudicate and enforce property rights.
Positive law is fashioned and codified by man.
Positive law provides a home and regular employment for the concept of a right.
Positive lead is right-hand ribbon with the platinum disk down and the leads towards the user.
Positive leaders are people who are friends with everyone.
Positive leaders uses rewards, such as education, independence, etc. to motivate employees.
Positive leadership combines vision and action.
Positive legislation related to youth is encouraged and promoted.
Positive liberty is freedom to.
Positive liberty is the freedom to something in order to exercise a right.
Positive lives produce positive fruit.
All positive life affirming religions are good.
Positive lightning is very dangerous for several reasons.
Positive limits can help children manage strong emotions.
Positive lock holds the blade open.
Positive logic can obscure circuit understanding.
Positive longitude is East, negative is West.
Positive longitude is eastward from Greenwich till dateline.
Positive loops generate self-reinforcing behavior and negative loops generate goal seeking behavior.
Positive magic begets positive reactions.
Positive margins increase the contingency level and negative margins decrease it.
Positive margins increase the contingency level, and negative margins decrease it.
Positive margins mean the cancer extended to the edge of the removed tissue.
Positive means insert an uppercase letter between prefix and suffix.
Positive measures are pro-active and speed up the rate of change within the workplace.
Positive memes are ego building messages for the recipient.
Positive messages elevate, encourage, and foster growth.
Positive messages show up as a green bar, and negative ones as a red bar.
Positive metaphors are essential tools of missions and evangelism.
Positive migration is scored by cells passing through the barrier to the other side.
Positive ministries reach out to our community and beyond.
Positive morale reflects itself in the way employees deal with customers, problems and each other.
Positive motivation encourages good performance.
Positive motivation is essential for self-protection.
Positive motivation is needed for making contact with the material in time and space.
Positive motivation is the stuff of winners.
Positive music can heal.
Positive myths are healthy.
Positive neutrality argues that religious organizations have both rights and responsibilities.
Positive news continues to come in from overseas as the New Year marches on.
Positive news is on the horizon.
Positive news is scant.
Positive number is dished piston.
Positive number moves number upwards in vertical direction and to the left in horizontal direction.
Positive numbers add months and negative numbers subtract months.
Positive numbers are best.
Positive numbers are for up, and negative numbers are for down.
Positive numbers are intuitive in that they are merely the base two representation of the number.
Positive numbers are more than zero and negative numbers are less than zero.
Positive numbers are numbers.
Positive numbers are pressure falls Pressure falls are very important in short term forecasting.
Positive numbers indicate a net source of funds.
Positive numbers indicate above the horizontal, negative numbers below the horizontal.
Positive numbers indicate an advantage to kenaf, negative numbers indicate a disadvantage for kenaf.
Positive numbers indicate downward and rightward direction.
Positive numbers indicate locations above mean sea-level.
Positive numbers indicate locations east of the prime meridian.
Positive numbers indicate locations north of the equator.
Positive numbers indicate power flowing in, while negative numbers indicate power flowing out.
Positive numbers indicate purchases.
Positive numbers indicate scrolling down or to the right.
Positive numbers indicate the Snake River is warmer.
Positive numbers indicate the volume of withdrawals in excess of injections.
Positive numbers mean that the entire book is outside the support.
Positive numbers mean the sun is towards the motor end.
Positive numbers measure outside the plot region, negative numbers inside.
Positive numbers remain positive.
Positive numbers represent hydrophilic regions, whereas negative numbers denote hydrophobic areas.
Positive numbers signify hydrophobic regions with more hydrophobic regions having higher values.
All positive numbers represent the number of unit spacings that the pen is held down.
Every positive number has a logarithm.
Every positive number has two square roots.
Positive nurses result in positive patient outcomes.
Positive offset is how most factory wheels are designed.
Positive offset means the master clock is ahead of true time.
Positive ones can be very hard.
Positive ones excite energetic movement and negative ones block or reflect it.
Positive opportunities involve new marketing openings and population shifts which add new potential.
Positive outcomes are an obvious goal of any mentor program.
Positive outcomes influence governments to believe in and support future growth.
Positive outcomes result from the increased funding each program has obtained.
Positive outreach takes patience and can be frustrating, but it is worth the effort.
Positive outreach takes skill and patience and can be frustrating, but it is worth the effort.
Positive parameters increase the relative risk.
Positive participation is evaluated daily using a simple system of check marks.
Positive pay enables the customer to send check information to the banks before checks are cashed.
Positive pay is in place for the payroll system.
Positive pay means almost no idle money.
Positive peace implies reconciliation and restoration through creative transformation of conflict.
Positive peace includes basic human rights, civic, political, economic.
Positive people are fun to be around.
Positive people are more motivated.
Positive people attract others, while negative people repel.
Positive people make positive gains.
Positive people recognize that they have options.
Positive people spend their time wisely in pursuit of goals and personal improvement.
Positive percentages are above the baseline, while negative values are below.
Positive perception equals trust.
Positive perceptions lead to a positive image.
Positive performance is easier to investigate and generally requires the least examination.
Positive periodicities indicate that the minimum energy conformation is staggered.
Positive phase means that the variable lags the reference variable.
Positive phototropism is the way a plant grows towards the light.
Positive phototropism maximizes the amount of light that can be absorbed by a plant.
Positive points earn privileges, while negative points make it more difficult to earn privileges.
Positive points keep a homeroom s box in the lead.
Positive polarity is said to sedate, and negative for stimulation.
A positive pole is a magnetic pole
Positive pole gives out energy waves.
Positive possibility thinking on a conscious level is the true power of the soul.
Positive potential gives negative free energy and spontaneous reaction.
All positive potential including unlimited compassion, skill and wisdom are said to be realized.
Positive power encourages power with instead of power over.
Positive pressure keeps the airway open and prevents the soft tissues from obstructing the airway.
Positive pressure provides the user with a slight positive pressure of air in the mask at times.
Positive pressure SCBA for fire fighting.
Positive pride is indeed positive because it comes with a healthy dose of humility.
Positive profit sends a signal to the rest of the economy and new firms enter the industry.
Positive programming needs to be supported.
Positive projections continue into the future.
Positive proof demands even more exact parallels with laboratory data.
Any positive publicity is like free advertising.
Positive punishment is the 'addition' of an stimulus that decreases the chances of future responses.
Positive r causes a bias to young mothers.
Positive r is positive association, negative r is negative association.
Positive rapport is key to getting honest answers to questions.
Positive ratings promote additional sales for online merchants.
Positive reactions are always a good thing.
Positive reactions result from the application of food substances.
Positive reciprocity is the basis of our hope for a more humane future.
Positive regard builds significance in children.
Positive regard is a term that includes attention, approval, nurture, and love from others.
Positive regard means being loved and accepted for who one is.
Positive regulation is thought to act by altering DNA conformation.
Positive regulation is thought to overcome rate-limiting steps.
Positive reinforcement abounds in the school.
Positive reinforcement aids students in showcasing their beauty.
Positive reinforcement appears to be more effective than negative reinforcement.
Positive reinforcement are important.
Positive reinforcement brings pleasant consequences.
Positive reinforcement builds confidence, and confidence reinforces natural strengths.
Positive reinforcement can be a trainer's best friend.
Positive reinforcement can do magic.
Positive reinforcement can really make the difference.
Positive reinforcement comes with frequent hugs and encouraging words from teacher and aide.
Positive reinforcement contributes to the validity of the viewpoint.
Positive reinforcement does make a difference-even with babies.
Positive reinforcement gives a sense of accomplishment.
Positive reinforcement goes a long way toward encouraging repeat behavior.
Positive reinforcement helps a person feel good.
Positive reinforcement involves the contingent delivery of a desired consequence.
Positive reinforcement is a much stronger shaper of behavior than negative.
Positive reinforcement is a powerful inducement for continued or increased working and learning.
Positive reinforcement is a very powerful and successful classroom management technique.
Positive reinforcement is also important.
Positive reinforcement is an important example of selection by consequences.
Positive reinforcement is an important part of the learning process.
Positive reinforcement is crucial.
Positive reinforcement is emphasized.
Positive reinforcement is essential.
Positive reinforcement is feedback, which stimulates the re-occurrence of a given behavior.
Positive reinforcement is given each student to be all that they can be.
Positive reinforcement is helps to encourage the learning process.
Positive reinforcement is more effective than negative criticism.
Positive reinforcement is more effective than negative reinforcement.
Positive reinforcement is much more effective than negative.
Positive reinforcement is much more effective.
Positive reinforcement is one of the best ways to motivate employees to work their best.
Positive reinforcement is only one quadrant of operant conditioning.
Positive reinforcement is provided through pop-up congratulations and cheerful music.
Positive reinforcement is related to self-concept.
Positive reinforcement is similar to rewards.
Positive reinforcement is so essential to their lives.
Positive reinforcement is so much better.
Positive reinforcement is stressed.
Positive reinforcement is the absolute key to guiding our children.
Positive reinforcement is the best way to ensure a good practice remains in place.
Positive reinforcement is the key behind a well-trained, socialized and happy dog.
Positive reinforcement is the key to behavior guidance as well as prevention.
Positive reinforcement is the key.
Positive reinforcement is the only technique that works for motivating another to be more romantic.
Positive reinforcement is the way to get more of the good behavior and less of the negative one.
Positive reinforcement is the way to go most of the time.
Positive reinforcement is used to deal with negative behaviour.
Positive reinforcement is used to help keep the user's interest.
Positive reinforcement is used to modify impolite behavior.
Positive reinforcement is used to obtain desirable and appropriate behavior.
Positive reinforcement is very important.
Positive reinforcement leads to repetition of desired behaviors.
Positive reinforcement permeates all instruction.
Positive reinforcement produces better results than negative reinforcement.
Positive reinforcement refers to conditioning behaviour by providing a desirable consequence.
Positive reinforcement refers to some type of reward for a good behavior.
Positive reinforcement takes place when a reward or pleasant event follows an action.
Positive reinforcement works as well in a team context as elsewhere.
Positive reinforcement works best.
Positive reinforcement works better in humans than in laboratory animals.
Positive reinforcement works better than expressing negative consequences.
Positive reinforcement works better.
Positive reinforcement works great.
Positive reinforcement works with teachers as well as with our children.
Positive reinforcement works.
Positive reinforcements are awesome.
Positive reinforcements are vital to any avenue of success.
Positive reinforcements feel good regardless of whether they are constructive or destructive.
Positive reinforcer is reinforcement
Positive reinforcers tend to be viewed as pleasant.
Positive relationships are very important to the success of a program.
Positive relationships begin with communication, trust and respect.
Positive relationships breed more positive relationships.
Positive relationships enhance effectiveness.
Positive relationships help patients heal.
Positive relationships lead to positive self image and self worth.
All positive relationships have honesty, commitment, and forthrightness at their core.
Positive remarks are welcome as well.
Positive reports come from the chapter on the recovery from their injuries.
Positive response is quick and, used properly, the system is safe with no side-effects.
Positive response refers to any favorable inquiry.
Positive response requires further neurologic testing, but optic nerve disease is suspect.
Positive responses can strengthen our potential for a rewarding life and enrich our personality.
Positive responses come when teacher are sensitve to what students believe in.
More positive responses result from long term runs.
Some positive responses result in movement.
Positive result indicates syphilis.
Positive result is a brick red colour.
Positive result is a white chalky precipitation.
Positive result is displayed by a lie black coloration.
Positive result is indicated by green or brick red precipitate.
Positive results appear as a highly visible red spot.
Positive results appear within the first three months of treatment.
Positive results are already evident.
Positive results are consistent with autoimmune thyroid disease.
Positive results are consistent wtih autoimmune thyroid disease.
Positive results are our goal.
Positive results are short-lived.
Positive results are the usual.
Positive results are what it's all about.
Positive results are, again, encouraged to seek professional help.
Positive results can come from doing the fight thing with it.
Positive results can include a sense of achievement, recognition and increased self-esteem.
Positive results can take from several days to several weeks.
Positive results come in many forms of yes, or in a singular no.
Positive results come slowly.
Positive results continue to come in from other voucher programs .
Positive results contribute to the final grade.
Positive results drive growth.
Positive results drive solid growth.
Positive results indicate presence.
Positive results indicate SIMMs to be added and negative results indicate SIMMs to be removed.
Positive results influence decisions.
Positive results lead to a ban of incriminated shellfish marketing.
Positive results make the effort worthwhile.
Positive results mean only that there is viral DNA present in the submitted sample.
Positive results mean that bacteria are evident in the bloodstream.
Positive results occur faster when the practice starts with sound business practices.
Positive results require an immediate second test to ensure validity.
Positive results show that a certain class of functions can be learned in polynomial time.
Positive results suggest a toxic level in cats.
Positive results tend to be published more readily than negative ones.
Most positive results drive growth.
Most positive results drive solid growth.
Most positive results indicate presence.
Some positive results are available.
Some positive results indicate exposure.
Positive review covers new features, but with little detail.
Positive reviews are easy to handle.
Positive reviews can still supply a great deal of valuable information.
Positive reviews fail to generate the same impact as advertising or a celebrity cast.
Positive reviews praise the text, photos, and ad reproductions.
Positive revisions are a sign of good news and negative revisions are a sign of bad news.
Positive rewards work better than punishment.
Positive rewards work far better than harsh discipline.
Positive rights are our rights to goods and services, such as our right to food and medical care.
Positive rights are rights to aid, and the correlated positive duty to provide it.
Positive rights come at the expense of general rights.
Positive role models empower the girls of today to become Leading Women of tomorrow.
Positive roll is clockwise, negative is counter clockwise.
Positive rotation takes red toward green, green toward blue, and blue toward red.
Positive safety prevents accidental discharge.
Any positive sample is considered presumptive positive until confirmed by another method.
Positive sanctions are a result of obedience.
Positive science is, in fact, a work of pure intellect.
Positive scores indicate improvement.
Positive seal drains eliminate leaks, speed service.
Positive selection is needed for the evolution of novel functions.
Positive selection occurs at multiple stages and is essential for B cell differentiation.
Positive selections occur in evolution.
Most positive selections occur in evolution.
Positive separation occurs in a permeable zone.
Positive shear estimates the mean shear of a given layer of a hodograph.
Positive shift is toward the red Transit.
Positive sign is indicative of gall bladder disease.
Positive sign means more of input applied to private plots.
Positive signs are a pokey feeling in the abdomen or an itchy or crawly sensation on the skin.
Positive signs are spontaneous and self-expressive, negative signs withdrawn and passive.
Positive signs characterize systems that have the tendency to take up electrons.
Some positive signs are visible in the current fiscal.
Some positive signs exist.
Positive signals exist.
Positive skepticism is encouraged.
Positive skewness indicate scores cluster toward the low end of the distribution.
Positive skewness means that the scores trail off in the direction of higher scores.
Positive slope corresponds to going up while negative corresponds to going down.
Positive slope means the output frequency is increasing with increasing control voltage.
Positive socialization is developed from a positive warm environment of love and acceptance.
Positive socialization is emphasized.
Positive solitude becomes more important.
Positive sound can ease the feeling of loneliness or isolation.
Positive speeds indicate frames per movement.
Positive spots indicate that the patient serum contains antibodies to the particular antigen.
Positive spread is locked in for the life of the flex, net of fees.
Positive statements are generally easier to understand.
Positive statements are statements of fact, while normative statements are statements of opinion.
Positive statements can become the ultimate biofeedback.
Positive steps move toward larger slit number.
Positive stories are cures for cancers of the spirit.
Positive streaks are good bets while short negative streaks are losers.
Positive stress affects people in different way as compared to negative stress.
Positive stress is a catalyst for success.
Positive stress is called eustress.
Positive strikes appear as pink triangles.
Positive strikes are less common and emerge from the higher regions of the thundercloud.
Positive strikes are more lethal and cause greater damage than negative lightning.
Positive strokes build self-value.
Positive studies indicate, for the most part, that the associated relative risks are low.
Positive stuff is always really great.
Positive support is important.
Positive symptoms are disturbances that are added to the person s personality.
Positive system responses to incidents as well as negative outcomes are being investigated.
Positive teachers are objective when they face discouraging situations.
Positive test is any vaginal bleeding.
Positive test results in increased laxity when compared to the other side.
Positive tests linger in the legal system without resolution.
Positive tests require a doctor's screening before results are confirmed.
Positive tests require further studies.
Positive tests result in donor being permanently deferred from donations.
Positive tests result in the loss of one season of competition.
Any positive test means additional testing by a physician is necessary.
Every positive tests means re-testing and delays.
Some positive tests detect hormones.
Some positive tests indicate air.
Some positive tests indicate infection.
Some positive tests indicate reductions.
Positive testing is important but more important for robust software is the negative testing.
Positive theory attempts to make empirical observations into economic self-interest.
Most positive theories are variants of the basic principal-agent game.
Positive theta is on the same direction with positive x.
Positive things get positive results, and negative things get negative results.
Positive things go unnoticed by the masses while negative events make the news.
Positive thinkers finish first.
Positive thinkers identify solutions.
Positive thinkers make progress.
Positive thinkers see failure as a stepping stone.
Positive thought does honestly create positive reality.
Positive thought makes the journey worthwhile no matter what the outcome.
Positive thoughts are all that are needed throughout the job search process.
Positive thoughts are last place.
Positive thoughts are the basis for a healthy body, a healthy mind and a contented life.
Positive thoughts attract positive results and negative thoughts attract negative results.
Positive thoughts bring positive feelings bring positive actions.
Positive thoughts can be powerful influences for good.
Positive thoughts cause positive reaction.
Positive thoughts create healthy cells, negative thoughts create unhealthy cells.
Positive thoughts create positive changes.
Positive thoughts create positive situations.
Positive thoughts create proaction, progress and productivity.
Positive thoughts drive out negative thoughts.
Positive thoughts lead to a positive personality.
Positive thoughts produce positive actions.
Positive thoughts produce positive results, and negative thoughts produce negative results.
Positive thoughts provide the good clean fuel that nourishes bodies.
Positive thoughts trigger positive happenings.
Positive tolerance is the antithesis of Christian teaching of absolute truth.
Positive trail helps make the steering self-center.
Positive traits reduce experience gain, while negative traits increase it.
Positive trends point to a company experiencing healthy growth.
Positive trust embraces differences.
Positive trust grows in depth, appreciation, cherishment and sacredness.
Positive trust is expansive.
Positive trust is largely conscious.
Positive trust is open-hearted and generous.
Positive trust is powerful and inclusive.
All positive tubes have growth and gas.
Positive value indicates a rotation that follows the right-hand rule.
Positive value means gravity is normal, that is downward.
Positive values add leading, while negative values reduce leading.
Positive values add to the information that was in the topology file.
Positive values are above the baseline, while negative values are below.
Positive values are above the parent block's bottom edge and negative values are below.
Positive values are better.
Positive values are degrees North.
Positive values are downward.
Positive values are east, and negative values are west.
Positive values are east, negative values are west.
Positive values are hydrophilic and negative values are hydrophobic.
Positive values are more than just platitudes.
Positive values are upward motion and negative values downward.
Positive values are warmer and negative values are cooler than the mean.
Positive values are West of Greenwich, Negative values are East.
Positive values are, in general, the result of equatorward wind stress.
Positive values cause the top end of the axis to tilt toward the left, as viewed by the user.
Positive values cause the top end of the axis to tilt toward the user.
Positive values compress color component more resulting smaller file size.
Positive values correspond to northward flow.
Positive values create a foward slant, negative values create a negative slant.
Positive values displace the text upwards.
Positive values drop the corners of the mouth.
Positive values favor detracking, negative values are opposed.
Positive values give boost, negative values give cut.
Positive values give the lettering height in inches before projection.
Positive values identify overlay planes, negative values identify underlay planes.
Positive values imply numbers.
Positive values increase brightness, while negative values decrease brightness.
Positive values increase the amount of space, while negative numbers decrease the amount of space.
Positive values increase the cutoff freq and negative values decrease it.
Positive values indicate a lack of specific problems.
Positive values indicate a net capital inflow.
Positive values indicate absolute time.
Positive values indicate an improvement.
Positive values indicate an overforecast by the model of that variable.
Positive values indicate ascending sort order and negative values indicate descending sort order.
Positive values indicate benefits.
Positive values indicate counterclockwise rotation of the viewpoint.
Positive values indicate direct stereo view, while negative ones indicate reverse stereo view.
Positive values indicate effects.
Positive values indicate forward rates, and negative values indicate reverse rates.
Positive values indicate high response and negative values, low response.
Positive values indicate hotspots in our favour, negative values show hotspots in opponent's favour.
Positive values indicate increased redness.
Positive values indicate increased yellowness.
Positive values indicate measures of the piece.
Positive values indicate more antigenic areas of phosphofructokinase.
Positive values indicate more stable air and negative values indicate instability.
Positive values indicate net alkalinization, whereas negative values indicate net acidification.
Positive values indicate net production of a compound and negative values indicate net consumption.
Positive values indicate positive effects.
Positive values indicate recession and negative values indicate approach.
Positive values indicate responses.
Positive values indicate river warming.
Positive values indicate success.
Positive values indicate that there has been an error.
Positive values indicate the lack of convective instability.
Positive values indicate the presence of water at the surface.
Positive values indicate transport into the Bay.
Positive values indicate warmer than the mean and negative values indicate cooler than the mean.
Positive values indicate warming.
Positive values indicate winds from the south.
Positive values indicate winds from the west.
Positive values make the texture rise out of the bevel, negative ones make it sink in.
Positive values mean counter- clockwise while negative values mean clockwise direction.
Positive values mean counter-clockwise while negative values mean clockwise direction.
Positive values mean exchange inflows and negative ones outflows.
Positive values mean increased profits, negative values mean a reduction in profits.
Positive values mean increased profits.
Positive values move an element to the right and negative values move an element to the left.
Positive values move the bee up for the vertical and to the right for the horizontal position.
Positive values move the drop shadow to the right, and negative values move it to the left.
Positive values move the following line down.
Positive values move the inner brow up and the outer brow down.
Positive values move the insertion point forward.
Positive values move the label to the right relative to the point.
Positive values move the label upwards relative to the point.
Positive values move the object downward.
Positive values move the shadow down, and negative values move it up.
Positive values move to the right or bottom, negative values move to the left or top.
Positive values point the imaging plane up, and negative values point the imaging plane down.
Positive values point towards the North Pole, negative values towards the South Pole.
Positive values push the frame to the left and to the lower part.
Positive values raise and negative values lower resonance.
Positive values raise the baseline, negative ones lower it.
Positive values reflect stable conditions, negative values reflect unstable conditions.
Positive values represent a capital inflow.
Positive values represent a capital outflow.
Positive values represent a vertical distance from the reference horizon.
Positive values represent counter clockwise rotations in degrees.
Positive values represent forward rates and negative values indicate reverse rates.
Positive values represent incoming bandwith and negative values represent outgoing bandwidth.
Positive values represent longitude values east of the Greenwich meridian.
Positive values represent net accumulation, while negative values represent net melting.
Positive values represent northward transport.
Positive values represent position above horizontal, negative values are positions above horizontal.
Positive values represent position on the right, negative values are positions on the left.
Positive values result in the familiar convex arrowhead shape.
Positive values rotate the gradient counter- clockwise.
Positive values rotate the image clockwise, negative values rotate the image counter-clockwise.
Positive values rotate the image counter-clockwise, negative values rotate the image clockwise.
Positive values rotate the path counterclockwise, while negative values rotate the path clockwise.
Positive values scroll the window down, and negative values scroll it up.
Positive values scroll the window right, and negative values scroll it left.
Positive values shift the block shadow down, while negative values shift the block shadow up.
Positive values shift the drop shadow down, while negative values shift the drop shadow up.
Positive values shift the image centre to the North and East.
Positive values shift the image to the right.
Positive values shift the image upwards.
Positive values shrink the region.
Positive values shrink the size of the region, and negative values expand the region.
Positive values slant forward, negative values slant backwards.
Any positive value means that the robot was damaged.
Any positive value sets the number of additional iterations.
More positive values move the image towards the viewer.
Most positive values imply numbers.
Most positive values indicate benefits.
Most positive values indicate effects.
Most positive values indicate positive effects.
Most positive values indicate responses.
Some positive values indicate events.
Some positive values indicate resources.
Some positive values indicate rotation.
Positive velocity is from the right of the graphic.
Positive vibes are contagious.
Positive views are stronger in manufacturing and among large enterprises.
Positive visualization is the ability to imagine a desired outcome, and then make it happen.
Positive visualization is used with great success by Olympic athletes.
Positive voltage increases current flow.
Positive voltage moves the stylus up, negative voltage moves it downward.
Positive winds are westerly, negative winds are easterly.
All positive women are welcome.
Positive words are easier to understand.
Positive words are vital to building a child s inner strength and optimism for the future.
Positive words boost a person's self-esteem and allow others to feel good about themselves.
Positive words can pass on an inheritance of faith and hope concerning the future.
Positive words is the key here.
Positive words mean unique and special.
Positive words nourish and sustain their growth.
Positive work done by a force increases the energy.
Positive work is done when the applied force and the displacement act in the same direction.
Positive worry is just the opposite.
A positive is an adjective
A positive is an adverb
Positives accommodates the drilling of short wells.
Positives are films.
Positives are part of slides.
Positives are reusable.
Positives are transparencies that correspond to a particular percentage of a colour.
Positives bring peace, happiness, a quieted mind, a heart radiant of love, giving and sharing.
Positives Has tremendous speed for an end.
Some positives have a symmetrical pipe layout.
Positiveness is advantage
Positiveness is concerned with process.
Positivism become lifestyle.
Positivism can never be the sole mode of knowing for human beings.
Positivism consists of both philosophy and polity, i.e., application of philosophy to society.
Positivism emphasizes observation and measurement.
Positivism excludes while hermeneutics includes.
Positivism fails in spiritual things because it leaves out the human heart.
Positivism is a form of mechanical materialism, a form of regression anyway.
Positivism is a paper tiger which is fair game for any small game hunter who wants to shoot it down.
Positivism is a philosophy that has many theories for the whole spectrum of life.
Positivism is an outmoded philosophy of science.
Positivism is built on success and achievement.
Positivism is by no means universally accepted by scientists.
Positivism is empiricism
Positivism is empiricism.
Positivism is morally indifferent.
Positivism is needed for accomplishing complex things with groups.
Positivism is quality.
Positivism is the apotheosis of sound reason .
Positivism is the concept that what defines science is the requirement of verification.
Positivism is the fundamental ingredient for success.
Positivism is the notion that empirical sciences are the only adequate source of knowledge.
Positivism is the sceptical response to realism.
Positivism is the search for other, multiple factors as the cause of human behavior.
Positivism is, above all, a philosophy of science.
Positivism och marxism .
Positivism says that what is a perceived gain, a plus, is a good thing.
Positivism still dominates overall.
Positivism tries to narrow things down to the observable.
Positivist definitions define masculinity as that which men actually are.
Positivist theorists assume that society is based primarily on a consensus over moral values.
A positivist is a nonreligious person
Positivists find that social disorders are exacerbated by class issues.
Positivists use the scientific method and empirical data to aid in their understanding of crime.
Positivity improves communication, increases sales and maximises profit.
Positivity is a more constructive teacher than negativity.
Positivity is advantage
Positivity is amounts.
Positivity now takes the main role in the healthy lifestyle.
Positivity publishes papers on analysis having a clear link to the general theme of positivity.
Positron emission is most common in lighter elements with a low neutron to proton ratio.
Positron emission results in the production of gamma photons.
A positron is a fundamental particle
Positrons annihilate with electrons, their antiparticles.
Positrons are also stable particles.
Positrons are antimatter electrons.
Positrons are emitted during certain kinds of radioactive decay.
Positrons are the antiparticle of electrons.
Positrons can come from a number of sources.
Positrons have distinct north magnetic polarity and electrons have distinct south magnetic polarity.
Positrons have the same mass as electrons but the opposite charge.
Positrons occurring in cosmic-ray showers exist only briefly.
Positrons produce x-rays by annihilation.
Most positrons annihilate with two gamma quanta sent out in opposite directions.
Posology is the study of how medicines are dosed.
Posse members are highly dedicated to serving the community.
Posse members help with neighborhood watches, search and rescue and home-security surveys.
Posse members qualify with their weapons recently at the police firing range.
Many Posse members refuse to pay taxes.
A posse is police
Posses are groups, each made up of ten students from diverse cultural and economic backgrounds.
Posses are police.
Posses contribute to the classroom dynamic by promoting more student discussion and interaction.
Posses drive, innovative and high degree of self motivation to work hard.
Posses establish new student-run organizations on campus that continue after they graduate.
Possessed spirits roam the shadowy maze, searching for their next victim.
Possession of firearms is proscribed in other jurisdictions under various circumstances.
A possession is control
Possession alone determines the bearer.
Possession also includes consumption or under the influence.
Possession appears to have no injurious effect on the medium, but rather the reverse.
Possession being nine-tenths of the law, a united Jerusalem belongs to Israel.
Possession can be actual or constructive.
Possession can be either actual or constructive.
Possession can be quick.
Possession can carry the death penalty.
Possession can occur and is often an essential factor in the cause of crimes, murder and homicide.
Possession can occur at any time.
Possession can occur when an asset is purchased of donated to the State.
Possession can result in long prison terms.
Possession gives the owner a specific role in the game.
Possession has value, only when it has purpose.
Possession includes having a small quantity intended for personal use.
Possession includes holding, bouncing, or throwing the ball in the air and catching it again.
Possession includes images stored on computer.
Possession includes personal possession or knowingly in the custody of another person or in a place.
Possession inherently includes the power or authority to preclude control by others.
Possession is a concept of pervasive importance.
Possession is a continuing offense.
Possession is a real phenomenon,and it's pretty terrifying.
Possession is a relationship of one thing with another thing.
Possession is an enthralling, entrancing and eminently readable tale of love and literature.
Possession is another interesting facet of the offer.
Possession is basically our foot in the door.
Possession is bodily invasion by the devil.
Possession is considered to be at first touch when caught.
Possession is defined as the actual control over an object or exercising real servitude.
Possession is defined as the disc being in their hands or on the ground in their square.
Possession is defined to include any area or property for which the student is responsible.
Possession is determined before the period begins by a coin toss.
Possession is divided into civil and natural possession.
Possession is double the daily bag limit.
Possession is eleven points in the law.
Possession is enough.
Possession is everything.
Possession is expressed in other ways.
Possession is gained at the point where the disc is stopped.
Possession is gained where the disc stops.
Possession is illegal in Florida.
Possession is illegal, but in many L nder police are told to turn a blind eye to small quantities.
Possession is immediate.
Possession is impossible.
Possession is lost if the ball stops outside of a zone.
Possession is maintained as long as the throws are completed.
Possession is meaningless without an additional element - employee accessibility.
Possession is much easier to maintain, and that's what soccer is really all about.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
Possession is nine-tenths of the law, according to an ancient saying.
Possession is no longer sufficient.
Possession is paramount.
Possession is perfection.
Possession is power.
Possession is prima facie evidence that it was knowingly possessed.
Possession is protected against subsequent possession by a prima facie right of entry.
Possession is quite legal in most countries including the United States and Canada.
Possession is riddled with soft lines and a melting quality.
Possession is robbery.
Possession is subject to the tenants lease agreement.
Possession is the extreme of excluding others for self-indulgence.
Possession is the key to most actions within the spirit world.
Possession is the key.
Possession is the most common offence.
Possession is the only evidence of ownership.
Possession is the premiere of a locally penned comedy.
Possession is the prize.
Possession is usually a misdemeanor while delivery is usually a felony.
Possession is when the new owners actually move in.
Possession is wrong because it creates a market for the product.
Possession is, after all, nine-tenths of the law.
Possession isa relation.
Possession limits twice daily limits.
Possession means actual and constructive possession.
Possession means control.
Possession means having control or custody of a drug.
Possession means having the drug in personal custody or control.
Possession possesses the novel every step of the way.
Possession starts at a young age.
Possession switches when the disk is intercepted, thrown out of bounds or touches the ground.
Possession thus obtains a legal existence, which is simply connected with that fact.
Possession turns over when a pass is intercepted or incomplete.
Possessions affect our environment.
Possessions are a great responsibility.
Possessions are a responsibility to express love and unity to neighbor, stranger and the enemy.
Possessions are an illustration of wealth and accomplishment for many.
Possessions are anonymous, whereas charity is personal and individual.
Possessions are books.
Possessions are control.
Possessions are dangerous, and cause idolatry and covetousness.
Possessions are districts.
Possessions are for wimps, anyway.
Possessions are important.
Possessions are like rabbits.
Possessions are located in houses.
Possessions are neutral.
Possessions are nine-tenths of the problem.
Possessions are one such instance, and exorcism is where the original entity is persuaded to return.
Possessions are quite impermanent.
Possessions are relations.
Possessions are to be on a student's person, or locker, at all times.
Possessions are vitally important to adults as well as children.
Possessions attain the status of, family heirlooms.
Possessions come and go like straw.
Possessions demand care and attention.
Possessions guarantee nothing of value.
Possessions have a way of gaining and keeping our attention.
Possessions have their proper place.
Possessions include estate holdings.
Possessions include extensive holdings.
Possessions include extensive real estate holdings.
Possessions include holdings.
Possessions just paper over the cracks in our personal lives.
Possessions makes shopping delicious.
Possessions mean less in every way as the years of age mount up.
Possessions occur more and more frequently.
Possessions perennially play an important role in establishing and maintaining social relationships.
Possessions provide their security, and life is spent in pursuit of what they regard as good things.
Possessions relate to identities.
Possessions there are undoubtedly of the allodial nature .
Possession often occurs at jagratas as well as in other contexts.
Possessions often bring power and position.
Possession usually occurs immediately after settlement.
All possessions are perishable.
All possessions follow the rules for other possessions in the game.
Every possession counts.
Every possession has to be a war.
Every possession has to be treated with newfound respect.
Every possession is a prized possession.
Every possession is a war.
Every possession is an opportunity to score and stop the other team on defense.
Every possession is crucial.
Every possession is valuable.
Every possession means a lot.
Most possessions relate to identities.
Some possession is ancient, some recent and new.
Possessive adjectives agree with the nouns they modify.
Possessive adjectives are possessive pronouns placed before nouns they modify.
Possessive adjectives serve as adjective modifiers since they tell whose .
A possessive case is a case
Possessive case pronouns show ownership.
Possessive Case Use the possessive case to show ownership.
Possessive love can sometimes seem like hatred and often leads to it.
Possessive pronouns show ownership.
Possessive pronouns work the same way as with pronouns describing people.
A possessive is a case
Possessives Add an apostrophe and an s to singular nouns to indication possession.
Possessives are ice, a jealous sketch of circumference.
Possessives occur in the following situations.
Possessives occur only with nouns and time expressions and indefinite pronouns.
Possibilistic representation is used for modeling probabilistic distributions by approximation.
Possibilities abound for tacticals and campaigners.
Possibilities abound here in communications.
Possibilities abound throughout the school calendar.
Possibilities also exist for construction observation assignments.
Possibilities also exist for cross training from PCB layout.
Possibilities also exist for team teaching.
Possibilities also exist for the perl programmer.
Possibilities also exist in the design of focal instruments by off-axis optics.
Possibilities are almost unlimited.
Possibilities are as endless as the parade of celebrities, as last year's event proved.
Possibilities are batteries, water towers and fuel cells.
Possibilities are birds, nature, vacations, field trips, backyard natural wonders.
Possibilities are blue or straw.
Possibilities are CD-collections or the internet.
Possibilities are continental and international.
Possibilities are encyclopedias and added literary titles.
Possibilities are endless and the experience is priceless.
Possibilities are endless at the fair.
Possibilities are endless considering the proximity to Chicago.
Possibilities are endless in conspiracy theories, enough to shock and delight.
Possibilities are endless, and each item can be imprinted with the company's name and logo.
Possibilities are endless, but for now, it's food for thought.
Possibilities are endless.
Possibilities are exceptionally rich in the field of litigation.
Possibilities are extensive.
Possibilities are infinite.
Possibilities are just endless.
Possibilities are limitless.
Possibilities are many.
Possibilities are numerous and dependent upon the composition of classroom.
Possibilities are numerous and quite powerful.
Possibilities are partial differential equations, vector calculus or complex analysis.
Possibilities are the refrigerator, the car, the zipper or washing machine.
Possibilities are the source of change and evolution.
Possibilities are unlimited.
Possibilities are vast and up to the individual to exploit.
Possibilities are vast, especially as more of the senses are captured and reflected virtually.
Possibilities are what innovation is all about.
Possibilities arise, however, from evidence of another kind.
Possibilities become new realities.
Possibilities begin to sprout and germinate, and lives transform.
Possibilities being considered include Indiana trees, wildflowers, birds and animals.
Possibilities consists of four initiatives.
Possibilities definitely exist beyond that.
Possibilities do exist but further study is needed.
Possibilities do exist for group and class shows to be selected by the committee.
Possibilities exist for co-authorship of a conference presentation or a published article.
Possibilities exist for collaboration with graduate programs in allied disciplines.
Possibilities exist for loops in forwarding updates.
Possibilities exist for participation in graduate and undergraduate teaching.
Possibilities exist for self employment as a private practitioner.
Possibilities exist for summer support.
Possibilities exist to continue research at the home institutions.
Possibilities exist to take on-campus studies of the English language.
Possibilities fall under control, unfolding new dimensions.
Possibilities generate choices.
Possibilities here are almost unlimited.
Possibilities increase the level of interactivity - video on demand, video conferencing.
Possibilities is published seven times a year, and is sent directly to our members.
Possibilities offered by modern technics can be suitable in numberless combinations in treatment.
Possibilities offered by the Internet and other electronic media are great.
Possibilities open up.
Possibilities raise the stakes.
Possibilities range from changing the faucet handles to room conversions.
Possibilities range from costly to self-destructive.
Possibilities range from effortless nature walks to multi-day backpacking expeditions.
Possibilities range from relatively short study tours to spending a semester or a year abroad.
Possibilities range from rural nine holers to full blown championship courses.
Possibilities range from six teams of two to two teams of six.
Possibilities reveal themselves where before there was only hopelessness.
Possibilities run the gamut.
Possibilities seem endless once again.
Possibilities seem endless.
Possibilities seem wide open.
Possibilities show up the best when they're needed the most.
Possibilities span volunteering, faculty research, internships, student organizations, and more.
Possibilities still exist, now as then.
Possibilities strengthen and weaken, sometimes getting rejected or adopted.
Possibilities vary with each preserve.
Possibility aim down an carpet likewise begin major league baseball uniforms.
Possibility answer the questions.
Possibility assess the quality of everyones fingerprint.
Possibility bases on assumptions.
Possibility beg over that waggon before stick kingpin computer game.
Possibility deserves consideration.
Possibility exists for coaching in our athletic program.
Possibility exists for future addition of phone lines.
Possibility exists for long-term research relationship with authors.
Possibility exists for overtime.
Possibility exists to have single security service that is portable across ORBs.
Possibility exists to train student aerobic exercise leaders.
Possibility gives the future tools to help itself.
Possibility is a good word.
Possibility is a gradual thing.
Possibility is a great motivator.
Possibility is an outlook
Possibility is being.
Possibility is concepts.
Possibility is endless.
Possibility is expectations.
Possibility is one thing.
Possibility is options.
Possibility is still the essence of America, the new world.
Possibility is that the Earth speed became bit less than before.
Possibility is the building block of everything.
Possibility is there.
Possibility is ubiquitous among the sayable, and therefore contrasts with nothing.
Possibility isa belief.
Possibility raises concern.
Possibility raises issues.
Possibility raises moral issues.
Possibility raises safety concern.
Possibility saves Thief within struggle off few bicycling but offer about all ink.
Possibility seems to focus on the psychological aspect of what can happen.
Possibility still stands for convening Arab summit.
All possibilities allow the manifestation of angelic power.
All possibilities are inherently there.
All possibilities are of interest.
All possibilities are open to the investor at reasonable prices, specifically in judicial sales.
All possibilities are open.
All possibilities are present .
All possibilities are still in the money.
All possibilities are there.
All possibilities become necessities, given an infinite amount of time.
All possibilities exist in spirit world.
All possibilities exist in unmanifest form.
All possibilities exist therein.
All possibilities exist.
All possibilities still remain open.
All possibility is present now - as possibility.
Any possibility sounds as wild as the next.
Every possibility comes with disadvantages.
Every possibility has a cost associated with it.
Every possibility has two ends.
Every possibility is considered.
Every possibility is covered.
Many possibilities appear on the horizon.
Many possibilities are available to a person with a good education in photography.
Many possibilities are open.
Many possibilities await.
Many possibilities exist across the spectrum of conflict.
Many possibilities exist and haven proven to be effective.
Many possibilities exist either on-site or from afar.
Many possibilities exist for conference sponsorships - call and discuss ideas and plans.
Many possibilities exist for future projects.
Many possibilities exist for future Stellafane projects.
Many possibilities exist for loop hikes or rides.
Many possibilities exist for originally designed Web sites.
Many possibilities exist for the commercial exploitation of discoveries.
Many possibilities exist for the sequencing of graphophonic instruction.
Many possibilities exist for the structure of the migration of individuals between subpopulations.
Many possibilities exist here, ranging from short courses to self-learning packages.
Many possibilities exist including muscle strain, hernias or swollen glands from local infections.
Many possibilities exist now, many ways to make an impact in the workplace.
Many possibilities exist over which the consultant has no control.
Many possibilities exist with adding fur, leather, animal prints, assorted fabrics, etc.
Many possibilities exist, some with degree credit reward, and some with actual cash stipends.
Many possibilities exist.
Many possibilities involve little trouble or cost.
Many possibilities open up.
Many possibilities present themselves.
More possibilities are open to students with a specific interest.
More possibilities exist for climbing than are listed here.
More possibilities exist for the future like guilds, unions and empires.
More possibilities exist than can fit into our expectations.
Most possibility deserves consideration.
Most possibility raises concern.
Most possibility raises issues.
Most possibility raises moral issues.
Most possibility raises safety concern.
Some possibilities are a chat room or bulletin board.
Some possibilities are a rubric or benchmarks to follow.
Some possibilities are antioxidant therapy, growth factors, transient gene therapy etc.
Some possibilities are as follows.
Some possibilities are bees, ants, birds at a feeder, or even a pet such as a hamster.
Some possibilities are green over red, blue over cream, and red over black.
Some possibilities are holiday, weekend and evening pesticide applications.
Some possibilities are increased phone reference, e-mail reference, and interactive reference.
Some possibilities are infrared film.
Some possibilities are sea shells, shorelines, clouds, mountains, leaves, trees, and crystals.
Some possibilities are sheeting, burlap, canvas, ticking and chintz.
Some possibilities are to note the maximum, minimum, average or most frequent reading.
Some possibilities are unlikely, while some are so great, that one can only imagine.
Some possibilities are very expensive to insure against.
Some possibilities exist for year-long internships as well.
Some possibilities make more sense than others.
Some possibility exists for submitting a proposal to OWEB if additional funds are needed.
Some possibility leads to hypotheses.
Some possibility promotes ingestion.
Some possibility provides experience.
Some possibility takes advantage.
A possible action is an alternative
Possible actions range from counseling and probation up to termination.
All possible actions are visible to the user.
Some possible actions reduce impact.
Possible activities are so varied that there is bound to be something for everyone.
Possible additions are beginner tutorials on common asked questions like 'how to slice images'.
Possible advantages involve lower cost and better compliance.
Many possible agents are already available.
Every possible amenity is included.
Every possible angle is covered -sideline, cable, goal, stadium, shoulder, tele, ball and tower.
Possible answers are only a click away.
Some possible answers appear next.
Some possible answers are clear.
Some possible answers are shown above, there are others.
Some possible answers follow.
Possible applications are automobile parts, aerospace and electronics components.
Possible applications are endless.
Possible applications are generators, log splitters, chipper shredders .
Possible applications are in the field of information processing with individual quanta.
Possible applications are include planetary exploration, all-terrain wheel chairs or construction.
Possible applications are invisibility cloaks, and aberration free lenses.
Possible applications range from display screens to dermatology.
Possible applications range from DNA-sequence analysis to data compression.
Many possible applications are yet to be tried.
Possible approaches Tell the story of the Easter Bunny.
Possible areas are offices or conference rooms that are available periodically.
Some possible areas are The symmetric eigenvalue problem.
All possible assistance is given to families forced to move from the reservoir areas.
Possible associations inferred from epidemiological research can turn out to be coincidental.
Every possible attempt is made to ensure all news and information is accurate and timely.
Possible attributes are activation, initial activation, bias, and output.
Possible bases are floor area, number of people, departmental sales revenue etc.
Possible bases are use of technology, teaching style, and content.
Possible benefits are, for example, reduced mass, improved efficiency, and improved reliability.
Possible benefits outweigh cost.
Possible benefits transmitted are new opportunities, security, and adventure.
Possible benefits transmitted are security, dedication, riches, and adventure.
Possible benefits transmitted are security, prestige, title, family, and adventure.
Possible breeds are Labrador, German shepherd, Dutch shepherd and Belgian malinois.
Possible carbohydrates used are corn, beet sugar, cane sugar, wheat or potatoes.
Possible card accesses only.
Possible careers are in physics teaching and research.
Possible cases are already in the shadows.
Possible cause is A still-developing sense of size and strength.
Possible cause is Blood disorder or other condition requiring diagnosis and treatment.
Possible cause is Broken rib.
Possible cause is Chronic middle-ear infection.
Possible cause is Communication disorder or autism.
Possible cause is Cystic fibrosis or other condition requiring diagnosis and treatment.
Possible cause is Developmental disorder or autistic behavior.
Possible cause is Developmental problem with many possible causes.
Possible cause is Infection.
Possible cause is Lisp or other speech impediment.
Possible cause is Malabsorption disorder or immune disorder requiring diagnosis.
Possible cause is Motion sickness.
Possible cause is Neurological disorder.
Possible cause is Normal development.
Possible cause is Normal fearfulness.
Possible cause is Normal period of nonfluency.
Possible cause is Side effect of the medication.
Possible cause is Stammering or stuttering.
Possible cause is Swelling and irritation of nasal tissue.
Possible causes are genetic, viral or metabolic, with triggers including German measles.
Possible causes are hormonal imbalances, such as low estrogen.
Possible causes are injury to the flower from heat, drought, low temperatures, or herbicides.
Possible causes are line blending or existence of lines of high excitation ions.
Possible causes are numerous and varied.
Possible causes are the stomach, esophagus and gall bladder.
Possible causes are too numerous to mention.
Possible causes are ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, trauma, infection, or radiation.
Possible causes are usually incorrect cabling or a non-compliant number of hubs in the network.
Possible causes can include physical or emotional trauma.
Many possible causes exist.
Some possible causes are allergic reactions.
Some possible changes are to implement crop rotation and threshold weed management.
Possible charges are pending with the Pierce County district attorney.
Possible chemical burn on right thigh.
Possible choices are all blanks and linebreaks.
Possible choices are ca , cb , cab , and heavy .
Possible choices are e.g. a pattern collection, experience reports, or stories.
Possible choices are general public, juvenile, or psychology professional and research.
Possible choices are menu , number , string , typein , and noquery .
Possible choices are treble, bass, alto, and tenor clefs.
Possible chromophores are metal polypyridine derivatives or ferrocene derivatives.
All possible civilizations exist first in that realm of the inner mind.
Possible club coaching opportunities exist.
Possible clues are crumbs, satiated appetites, and mayonnaise on the upper lip.
Possible collectors swap.
Every possible combination is compiled and the desired options selected at runtime.
Possible complications depend on the exact type of arthritis.
Possible complications exist.
Possible concentrations are almost unlimited.
Possible concerns are apparent for phosphorus, and barium levels are elevated.
Possible concerns are apparent for phosphorus.
Possible concerns are determined to be selenium, lead, silver, copper, and zinc.
Possible concerns are nitrogen and phosphorus.
Possible concessions worry conservatives.
Possible connections are second language and social studies.
Possible consequences are a significant rise in sea level, crop failures and extreme weather.
Possible consequences are changes in retention time and selectivity.
Possible consequences range from failure of the assignment to expulsion.
Any possible contact is pursued.
Possible containers include- a large, covered trash container, a camping backpack, or a duffle bag.
Possible containers range from disposable plastic cups to nursery flats.
Possible contaminants vary all over the United States.
Every possible contingency is covered by the Sabbath laws.
Every possible contingency seems to have been envisaged and provided for.
Every possible convenience is supplied.
Possible Countermeasures Delete the file.
Some possible criteria are colour, shape, size, or ability to roll.
Possible culprits abound.
Possible culprits are the gridding process, aliasing, and finite precision arithmetic.
Possible culprits go far beyond poison ivy.
Some possible damage occurs during spring thaw.
Some possible damage occurs during thaw.
Possible decisions are admission, conditional admission, or denied admission.
Possible defects are to be notified in writing to the owner.
Possible delivery is assured within five working days after processing.
Possible diagnosis are iron deficiency, thalassemia or hemoglobinopathy, sideroblastic anemia.
Possible difficulties appear related to speech sounds alone.
Possible directions are src , dst , src or dst and src and dst .
Every possible direction is 'up' from here.
Possible dizziness Listen to one hour of country or discharge from ear.
Possible dizziness Listen to one hour of or discharge from ear.
Possible dust devils, vortices on Mars.
Some possible effects arise from consumption.
Some possible effects occur in dogs.
All possible efforts are being make to rehabilitate the whole area.
Every possible effort is made to contain costs while providing a quality educational opportunity.
Every possible effort is made to keep the students together, especially with the young campers.
Every possible effort is made to work with the landowners based on their needs.
Every possible effort is put forth to awaken the students to a realization of their possibilities.
Every possible effort is required to educate one child.
Possible elements are a straddle sittings, tuck throughs, or somersaults.
Possible employers call back and forth.
Possible errors are an excessive play between the draw tube and the eyepiece.
Possible examples are family resource centres, parent information, and home visiting.
Possible examples are prenatal programs and information, and infant screening programs.
Possible exceptions are individuals with a schizophrenic disorder or some younger consumers.
Possible exceptions are loop or array index variables.
Possible exceptions are poor maps for a particular body of water.
Every possible expense is included.
Every possible expense is listed on the fee schedule.
Possible explanation is oxygen.
Possible explanations are differences in the methods employed, or interlaboratory errors.
Possible explanations are order paramter mixing and an inhomogeneous superconducting state.
Possible factors accounting for the relative paucity of apomictic plants are discussed.
Possible factors are potato pesticides and damp environment.
Possible fields are medical technologie, biotechnologie, process engineering, analysis, etc.
Possible formats are an issue or policy paper.
Possible formats are note cards, loose-leaf notebook pages, or a database.
Possible formats are 'png', 'tiff', 'jpeg' and 'gif'.
Possible genres are poetry, drama, short stories, novels, and nonfiction writing.
Any possible geometry is obtainable as it is specified by the mask.
All possible guidance is given to that soul.
Many possible hazards exist within the community.
Any possible humor is extinguished by overkill on the least funny part of the punchline.
Possible hybrids have intermediate proportions.
Possible ideas are a student union, an endowment or residence hall renovation.
Possible impacts range from global warming to acidification of the ocean.
Possible infection can appear as redness, swelling and oozing pus.
Possible infection can harm the women.
Possible infection can occur from itching.
Possible information includes image size, bit depth and palette information.
Some possible injuries can result from being hit from falling rock, falling from the rock, etc.
Possible involvement has favorable responses.
Possible involvement has responses.
Most possible involvement has favorable responses.
Most possible involvement has responses.
Possible issues fall into different subjects, such as, clouds, radiation, and cumulus convection.
Many possible lessons come to mind.
Possible locations are Kentucky or Indiana.
Possible locations are school yards, on street parking spaces, garages or parking lots.
Some possible locations are Florida, Salt Lake City or Tennessee.
Every possible means is used to get the poor to begin fighting one another.
Every possible means is used to keep the world from knowing the truth about the situation.
Every possible measure is taken to insure the highest quality products for our customers.
Every possible measure is taken to minimize the risk of complications from hip replacement surgery.
Possible mechanisms involve use of offspring, growing into new areas.
Possible mechanisms underlying buprenorphine-cocaine interactions are now under investigation.
Every possible method is used to minimize errors.
Possible mistakes occur around soft page breaks.
Possible modes are Continuum - for continuum observations.
Possible models range from trapped microplates to subduction or delamination.
All possible mutations are detectable, when both sense and antisense strands are analyzed.
Possible news includes new appointments, publications, conferences and presentations.
Every possible notation is possible.
Possible operations are add, subtract, multiply, divide, max.
Possible option is job rotation.
Possible options are churches, town halls, granges and residences near state highways.
Possible options are directory , recursive or ignore .
Possible options are gzip, compress or none.
Possible options are long distance service and high-speed internet access.
Possible options are once a day, in intervals, at specific days a week, or monthly.
Possible options depend on the graphics adapter used.
All possible options appear on the menu, but available options appear in white text.
Possible outcomes appear in underlined, italicized type.
Possible outcomes are the sale of equipment, castings and technical know-how to industry in India.
Possible outcomes are to be predicted and actual outcomes explained.
All possible outcomes derive purely and simply from the rules and initial starting positions.
Many possible outcomes can result from the process of formal doctrinal dialogue.
Possible parameters are as follows.
Possible parameters depend on field type and visualization needs.
Possible parameters depend on thorn to be invoked.
Possible parasites are blowfly larvae which can seriously weaken nestlings.
Possible participants are legal, human resources, security and medical professionals.
Possible permissions are access, annotate, update and destroy.
Possible positions are assistant to the art director, and assistant to the programming coordinator.
Possible positions are topleft, topright, bottomleft and bottomright.
Every possible precaution is taken to insure that the trail is adequately marked.
Every possible precaution is taken to preserve vitamin, mineral and enzyme factors.
Possible problems affect guys.
Possible problems are acoustics and different access hours.
Possible problems are thematic elements, mild language, and sensuality.
Possible problems await, too.
Possible problems can arise as a result of cross-contamination of the rinse agent.
Possible Problems Can be messy.
Possible problems happen with the bowel and bladder function.
Possible problems include brain cell production.
Possible problems include production.
Possible problems occur in areas.
Most possible problems affect guys.
Most possible problems occur in areas.
Possible programs involve either single or concurrent degree programs.
Possible projects are new mathematical techniques, new algorithms, literature surveys, etc.
Possible Projects Go on a cemetery scavenger hunt.
Possible punishment includes a fine or probation.
Possible punishments range from fines to prison.
Possible punishments range from warnings to expulsion.
Some possible qualities based on employer input are as follows.
Some possible questions follow.
Possible ratings are excellent, good, fair, and poor.
Some possible reaction takes places.
Possible readings are abbreviation for commercial or common laborer.
Possible reason follows.
Many possible reasons exist for the relationship between arthritis and depression.
Many possible reasons suggest themselves.
Possible Reforms Eliminate the personal property tax.
Possible remedies are explored.
Possible remedies are neutralization with lime and reinoculation with a vigorous culture.
Possible remedies are to slighlty decrease the dosage or to add-on bromocriptine.
Possible renewal is contingent upon annual renewal of funding.
Possible repertoire includes any of the productions and artists named above, and many more.
Possible replacements are at right.
Every possible replacement has problems which have received little publicity.
Possible reservations exist associated with the quality or the added value sought after.
Possible responses are varied and complex.
Possible Responses Eat more foods from the grains group and the vegetable and fruit group.
Possible responses presented are subtle, with varying degrees of effectiveness.
Possible Responses Turn the program off.
Some possible responses are listed below.
Possible rewards are ice cream, watermelon, movies, popcorn, extra physical education time, etc.
Possible roles are family man, youth, scholar-athlete, performer, activist, politician, etc.
Possible roles encompass a wide range of possibilities.
Possible routes are on the left or in the center at high water.
Every possible route is either impassable or under ocean.
All possible safeguards are in place to ensure the purity of our product.
Possible sanctions range from a warning to expulsion.
Possible sanctions range from oral admonishment to de-certification.
Possible sanctions range from university probation to expulsion.
Possible scenarios are easy to imagine.
Possible scenarios are four-day work weeks and earlier or later than normal starting times.
Possible scores range from one to five.
Possible seeds are alfalfa, cabbage, radish, clover, lentil, mung beans or wheat berries.
Possible shapes are purse , fish , chocolate kiss, nurses cap, or whatever.
Possible sites are Egypt, France, Norway and the United States.
Many possible sites fit the engineering constraints and scientific objectives.
Possible sociopaths are ringing bells and guilting donations from passersby.
Possible Solution Take both estrogen and progestogen continuously, every day.
Possible Solution Try again at a later time.
Possible solution Watering from below exposes less water to wind and water enters the soil faster.
Possible solutions are rampant, but practical solutions are hard to find.
Possible solutions are to give the plant more shade or move it to a more protected site.
Possible solutions are to reduce costs or assign costs to units.
Possible solutions range from artificial lubricants to hormone replacement therapy .
Possible Solutions Try adjusting compatibility settings.
Possible solutions use familiar policy concepts and currently available knowledge and technologies.
Every possible solution creates a different problem.
Many possible solutions exist.
Some possible solutions appear at pp.
Possible sources are a Native American council, an anthropologist, or a Native American person.
Possible sources are dairies, piggeries, feedlots and rural towns.
Possible sources are induction, resistive coupling, and capacitive coupling.
Possible sources are other women, support groups, and health organizations.
Some possible sources are .
Some possible sources are fish liver oil, egg yolks, butter, lemongrass, carrots or synthetics.
Possible speakers Support the picture postcard campaign to end the sanctions on Iraq.
All possible speed is milked out of the processor.
Possible spins are clockwise or counterclockwise.
Every possible step is explained.
Possible strikes are most kicks, knees, palm heel strikes, forward punches and elbows.
Possible strobes come from the same client and to different server ports.
Possible Students attend classes from across the country.
Possible subjects are western, landsscape and still life.
Every possible subject seems watered down.
Possible substitutes are vesicular, diazo, electrostatic, or photopolymer film.
Possible suggestions follow.
Any possible support is useful and welcome.
Every possible surface is covered with the most perfectly proportioned figures.
Possible suspects are four or five juvenile males.
Possible suspects are juvenile males seen riding bicycles and skateboarding in the area.
Possible symptoms are dizziness, nervousness, and vertigo.
Possible symptoms are headaches.
Possible symptoms are hip, upper legs, or buttocks soreness and pain.
Possible symptoms are leg, knee, ankle and foot soreness and pain.
Possible symptoms are low back and upper to lower leg pain, discomfort and soreness.
Possible symptoms are lower back and mid to upper leg pain, discomfort and soreness.
Possible symptoms are lower back pain, discomfort and soreness.
Possible symptoms are middle or lower mid-back pain, discomfort and soreness.
Possible symptoms are pain, soreness, and restriction in the shoulder area.
Possible symptoms are pains, tightness, or constriction of the chest.
Possible symptoms are speech disturbances, tingling or numbness, and weakness in an arm or a leg.
Possible targets are an existing browser window, a browser frame, or quicktimeplayer.
Every possible test is employed to verify the data and procedures.
Possible things are easy to believe.
Possible things stand opposed to real things.
Possible things undergo the process of realization.
All possible things are contingent until made certain by a decree.
Possible threats range from youthful hackers and criminals to guerrilla groups.
Any possible threat is identified.
Possible topics are demographics, lifestyles, business, etc.
Possible topics are.
Possible topics covered include energy, modern physics and introductory electronics.
Possible topics inclue potty training, dating, mealtime battles, curfews, discipline, and more.
Possible topics Write about one or more of the stories concerned with growing up.
Some possible topics explore themes in poetry or plays by Nordic women writers.
Possible translations abound for almost every word.
Possible treatment depends on their location, type, size and how long they have been on the skin.
Possible types are host , net and port .
Possible uses are day care center, offices, or retail.
Possible uses are manifold.
Many possible uses come to mind.
More possible usages exist, though.
Possible uses are for agricultural structures and for recreation infrastructure.
Possible uses are online e-card business,children's line, search engine, auction web or web broker.
Possible users are boutiques, video stores, travel agencies, and music stores.
Every possible utterance becomes a combination on look-up table results.
Possible value are serif, sans-serif, cursive, fantasy, monospace.
Possible value is a quoted string containing integers or floating-point numbers seperated by spaces.
Possible value is a quoted string.
Possible value is an integer.
Possible values are ' french ' and ' english '.
Possible values are .
Possible values are an integer or a real number.
Possible values are asc or bin .
Possible values are auto, fdxcport, fdxstation, hdxcport, hdxstation, passive, or riro.
Possible values are base , full .
Possible values are bottomleft , bottomright , topright , and topleft .
Possible values are center, left, and right.
Possible values are checkbox , hidden , radio, reset, submit, text , or image .
Possible values are fd and rfd , where the r indicates raw access to the special file.
Possible values are fifo, char, dir, block, link, file, and unknown.
Possible values are floating-point values.
Possible values are get and post .
Possible values are GridBagConstraints.
Possible values are horizontal or vertical .
Possible values are 'html' or 'xml'.
Possible values are Label.
Possible values are larger or smaller .
Possible values are lris , lrisblue , esi and hires .
Possible values are motif and windows.
Possible values are normal , detailed , and verbose .
Possible values are normal , extended , and ask , or a decimal number that gives the video mode.
Possible values are normal and fallback.
Possible values are normal and removed.
Possible values are notification , request , response , and error .
Possible values are ntptime, udtptime, and tcptime.
Possible values are On and Off .
Possible values are on and off.
Possible values are OracleConnectionCacheImpl.
Possible values are pixels or en which is half the point size.
Possible values are platform dependent.
Possible values are positive integers, in bits per second.
Possible values are rect , circle , poly and default .
Possible values are seperators.
Possible values are the title of any row in the matrix,or none.
Possible values are top , bottom , left , and right .
Possible values are top , bottom , left , right , center .
Possible values are top, middle, and bottom.
Possible values are top, middle, or bottom.
Possible values are true and false .
Possible values are true and false.
Possible values are true or false .
Possible values are unctrl and quote .
Possible values are YES and NO .
Possible values depend on the type of diskette being used.
All possible values are equally likely.
Possible variables are temperature, nutrients, photoperiod, etc.
Many possible variations exist, most of which sound complicated on first reading.
Possible vectors are retroviruses.
Possible vehicle involved is a dark car with New York plates.
Possible vehicles are a wagon, a car, a motorcycle, and a wheelchair.
Possible views range from daily to quarterly, with a host of options inbetween.
Possible visitors center and tour program.
Some possible visitors are the blue-tongued skink or red footed tortoise.
Possible visualizations are virtually inexhaustible.
Possible ways are to emphasize application and value of the material.
Possible wires are mixed up.
Possible witnesses deter many attackers.
All possible words are musical terms.
Possible worlds are also examples of rich entities as ordinarily used in philosophy.
Possible worlds are specifications.
Possible worlds are the sandbox of imagination and play a central role in philosophical thinking.
Possible worlds provide the answer.
Possitive bowel sounds.
Possitive reward is a good way.
Possum control is a vital part of tuberculosis control.
Possum Kingdom is at the top of the statewide fish stocking priority list.
Possum Kingdom receives an estimated three million recreation visitors annually.
Possum Kingdom receives an estimated three million recreational visitors annually.
Possum pie is cheaper.
Possum repellents are fairly easy to come by.
A possum is a mammal
Possum is under threat.
Possum isa mammal.
Possums acquire the disease by eating infected birds.
Possums also compete with adult birds for food and devastate trees by consuming new shoots.
Possums also enjoy a feed of bread and honey put out by helpful suburban homeowners.
Possums also help themselves to peaches on the small tree in the photographer's backyard.
Possums also prey on nesting birds.
Possums are a major problem for New Zealand.
Possums are a nuisance in suburban gardens, and sometimes even indoors.
Possums are a protected native species in Australia.
Possums are a serious threat to biodiversity.
Possums are about the size of a big cat.
Possums are also a major vector of bovine tuberculosis, which they transmit to cattle and deer.
Possums are also notorious for fouling ceilings of houses and buildings.
Possums are also notoriously hard to kill, and they, well, play possum if they feel threatened.
Possums are attracted by food left out for other animals.
Possums are attracted to yards and homes where food is plentiful.
Possums are crafty, resourceful scavengers.
Possums are flexible when it comes to breeding.
Possums are found in the Western Hemisphere and play dead when cornered.
Possums are furry marsupials that live in the trees of Australia, New Guinea, and nearby islands.
Possums are herbivorous but thrive on a wide variety of vegetation.
Possums are located in roads.
Possums are native to Australia and are protected there .
Possums are native to Australia and are protected there.
Possums are New Zealand's number one introduced animal pest.
Possums are nocturnal and eat small plants and flowers, and sometimes insects.
Possums are nocturnal, which means they only come out at night and sleep during the day.
Possums are omnivorous animals so possums naturally eat a variety of both plants and other animals .
Possums are territorial.
Possums are the only North American marsupials.
Possums are unique creature in many respects.
Possums are usually solitary.
Possums are very native to West Philadelphia.
Possums browse on garden plants and have a reported liking for roses and other ornamental species.
Possums can also be a lot of fun to have as guests.
Possums can become a nuisance by coming into homes looking for handouts.
Possums can sneak onto the roof if tree branches or other tall plants are positioned nearby.
Possums can take residency in attics, crawlspaces, under porches and near gardens.
Possums carry bacteria.
Possums communicate by sound and scent.
Possums compete with native birds for habitat and for food such as insects and berries.
Possums defend territory.
Possums eat native snails.
Possums eat shrubs.
Possums eat snails.
Possums eat vegetation.
Possums emerge from their dens after sunset and remain in the open for most of the night.
Possums feed on a variety of native and introduced vegetation.
Possums have (part) brains.
Possums have (part) breasts.
Possums have (part) cell membranes.
Possums have (part) cells.
Possums have (part) chest cavities.
Possums have (part) chests.
Possums have (part) corpi.
Possums have (part) cytoplasm.
Possums have (part) ears.
Possums have (part) faces.
Possums have (part) heads.
Possums have (part) nuclei.
Possums have (part) pedal extremities.
Possums have (part) piluses.
Possums have (part) plasma membranes.
Possums have (part) rib cages.
Possums have (part) sections.
Possums have (part) skulls.
Possums have (part) sterna.
Possums have (part) vacuoles.
Possums have (part) vertebrate feet.
Possums have dark fur.
Possums have diets.
Possums have eyes.
Possums have fur.
Possums have large eyes as an adaptation to nocturnal vision.
Possums have thumbs.
Possums have very keen hearing.
Possums have white fur.
Possums ignore old leaves and select the best new growth.
Possums lead life.
Possums lead solitary life.
Possums live in trees.
Possums move at night and sleep during the day.
Possums move through forests under cover of darkness, traveling between feeding and resting sites.
Possums play dead.
Possums spend much of their time foraging for food and other den supplies.
Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother 's pouch .
Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother's pouch.
Possums waddle through nearby backyards.
Possums often drop chewed leaves.
Most possums carry bacteria.
Most possums defend territory.
Most possums eat native snails.
Most possums eat vegetation.
Most possums have dark fur.
Most possums have diets.
Most possums have eyes.
Most possums have fur.
Most possums have thumbs.
Most possums have white fur.
Most possums lead solitary life.
Most possums live in trees.
Some possums are classified as lists.
Some possums become animals.
Some possums become harmless animals.
Some possums become wild animals.
Some possums carry diseases.
Some possums eat leaves.
Some possums have distribution.
Some possums have extensive distribution.
Some possums have pouches.
Some possums have surfaces.
Some possums have twins.
Some possums live in hollows.
Some possums occupy ranges.
Some possums occupy stable home ranges.
Post adjustment is critical.
Post boxes are blue for airmail and red for surface mail.
Post boxes are rare and are found in the upper-class hotels and tourist haunts.
Post boxes are red.
Post boxes are yellow or orange.
Post boxes are yellow.
All post boxes are red.
POST button is found on the MAIN page of each forum.
A post card is a card
Post card is also welcome.
Post card shots everywhere.
Post cards are available for all areas.
Post cards are available for purchase.
Post cards are available in three different quantities.
Post cards are cheaper, and people are more likely to read post cards.
Post cards are highest quality.
Post cards are located in airports.
Post cards are located in suitcases.
All post cards are in excellent condition.
All post cards have messages on verso.
Any POST certificate is worth eight credits.
Post climb is a great time to savor the summit and enjoy the incredible views.
POST codes are typically output as hexadecimal numbers.
Post columnist uses travel essays to explore humanity.
Post comments Seek answers about diabetes or other endocrine problems.
Post conviction writs.
Post cores are quickly prepared, and teeth with existing crowns can be restored in one short visit.
Post earrings are okay, but no dangle earrings and no rings.
Post function is still sort of under construction.
Post heating cures the powder to produce a tough, glossy finish.
Post job openings one at a time.
Some post journals contain correspondence .
Some post journals contain correspondence and accounts .
Post legs are less common than sickle hocks but are equally serious.
Post maps indicate XY locations with symbols and labels.
Post message is just that.
Post mills have little gabled cabins pivoted to rotate atop a strong upright post.
Post modernism is a very trendy term which is bandied around.
Post modernism is just an enclave, brought about by timid, determinedly optimistic thinking.
Post modernism seems to have broken from the society as collective responsibility and control.
Post modernity is an era in which absolutes are local and private rather than societal.
Post modernity suggests that concepts such as 'truth' are relative.
Post oak is oak
Post oaks are the predominant species in the area.
A post office is a branch
Post office has adequate facilities and room for growth.
Post office is a very safe and secure investment avenue.
Post office is one of the unrecognized jewels in the government sector.
Post office is open until noon.
Post office opens in La Crete.
Post office refers to the server machine on which mailboxes are defined.
Post offices are a vital part of the fabric of our country.
Post offices are an essential part of the social fabric of the country.
Post offices are an exception, but they mostly have limited hours.
Post offices are available and efficient.
Post offices are branchs.
Post offices are centers.
Post offices are facilities.
Post offices are generally open the same hours as shops.
Post offices are good for our county.
Post offices are government buildings.
Post offices are in all local districts in cities, all towns and many villages.
Post offices are in all main centres.
Post offices are located in buildings.
Post offices are located in cities.
Post offices are located in towns.
Post offices are open approx.
Post offices are the center of international communications on the islands.
Post offices are very busy most of the time.
Post offices charge very little for international money orders.
Post offices differ enormously in the manner in which they treat bulk mail.
Post offices handle inland and overseas telegrams.
Post offices have a separate slot for metered mail.
Post offices have telephones, and sell phonecards and change currency.
Post offices keep the same hours as the banks.
Post offices provide a much wider resource than simply paying over money or selling a jar of coffee.
Post offices provide a vital service to the communities they serve.
Post offices render different kinds of additional services.
Post offices worry about parcel flow.
All post offices are continuous registration points.
All post offices have exchange facilities, often offering better rates.
All post offices offer express mail and faxing services.
Many post offices are worth inspecting for yule finery.
Many post offices have passport applications.
Many post offices offer classroom instruction on safety and defensive driving.
Many post offices offer classroom instruction.
Many post offices stay open late to accept last-minute returns.
Most post offices accept postal cheques.
Most post offices have services.
Most post offices have telephones that can use both cards and tokens.
Most post offices offer a fax service.
Most post offices require customers to file damage reports the same day they receive their packages.
Some post offices are more strict than others.
Some post offices require addresses to appear in uppercase.
Some post offices stay open late to accept returns for a deadline day postmark.
Post players are notoriously slow in getting back.
Post players learn to work together and read the defense.
Some post player can only score off the dribble or power move, take it away.
POST policy is to never sell our mailing list.
Post position is a problem only if a horse draws the extreme outside.
Post position is no excuse.
Post position is only a problem if a horse draws the extreme outside.
Post position is very important because of the tight turns.
Post position needs to be very accurate to accommodate the metal roof.
Post press releases only to appropriate lists, news groups, and publications.
Post press releases to the Web.
Post press releases with moderation.
Post processing describes how to create reports and print a roof model.
Post processing is done from a saved file.
Post processing is required by ink jet systems currently being used.
Post production editing capabilities are also available.
Post production is the editing process.
POST requests are generally more robust.
POST requests do, as do PUTs.
Post Rock is quarried limestone which was mined for both building material and stone fence posts.
Post routes are in color to show frequency of service.
Post self is created and set to the current counter val.
Post services can be unreliable so recorded delivery is recommended.
Post services offers here.
All post styles are available in pressure treated southern yellow pine.
Post tests provide detailed analysis that is cross-referenced to the tutorial material.
Post time is at hand.
Post time is noon.
Post time is when horses are to arrive at the starting gate.
Post time varies.
Post tour dates here.
POST training is focused on training for entry-level peace officers.
Post workouts contain proteins.
A post is military installation
Post accounts payable entries and income to computer-generated spreadsheets.
Post CVs online and read the latest work industry news.
Post fall over an pipe after increase left handed baseball gloves.
Post featuring some of the bizarre, dark, unusual, funny and erotic creativity the web has to offer.
Post looks on bemusedly.
Post marking to weaning Marking and tailing wounds take three to four weeks to heal.
Post notes to team members on a special bulletin board.
Post offer physical and drug screen required.
Post offer pre-employment physical and drug testing required.
Post offer pre-employment physical.
POST places the output on the stdin of the CGI program.
Post raindrop on bulletin board.
Post receives before sends.
Post reminders about how to subscribe and unsubscribe.
Post resumes and find recruiting firms.
Post resumes and job openings.
Post resumes and job opportunities.
Post resumes and review job openings.
Post resumes and search for job openings.
Post resumes and search for jobs by key words, job classification or state.
Post resumes and search for jobs for free.
Post resumes and search for jobs free.
Post resumes and search for jobs.
Post resumes and submit automated on-line interview for free.
Post resumes for free and perspective employers pay for qualified leads.
Post resumes for free, com-hightech careers, virtual job fairs.
Post resumes for free.
Post resumes for some various, well-qualified applicants.
Post resumes free of charge.
Post resumes free.
Post resumes online, browse for jobs, and apply online.
Post resumes online.
Post resumes or do a job search.
Post resumes or search current job listings in the business market.
Post resumes or search for jobs.
Post resumes too.
Post resumes, manage job search and receive job notification.
POST runs automatically to verify that the switch functions properly.
Post succeed on a sheet though check sony reciever.
Post takes long time to report bad board during dr connect.
Post works better when simulating input.
Posts above are excellent on fishing a soft plastic under a mauler.
Posts accounts receivable payments.
Posts appear here in chronological order.
Posts appear in reverse order with newest at the top.
Posts appropriate severe weather information on appropriate charts and maps.
Posts are anonymous.
Posts are appropriate for all age groups.
Posts are available in either galvanized or green enamel finish.
Posts are available in wood, plastic, steel, and fiberglass.
Posts are available to anyone with Internet access.
Posts are color coded red, black and green using industry standards.
Posts are columns of refractory material used to support shelves inside the kiln.
Posts are companies.
Posts are deliveries.
Posts are donated, e-mail is donated, programs are donated, standards work is donated.
Posts are e-mail messages and are intended to be distributed to everyone on the list.
Posts are facilities.
Posts are fiery, dynamic, self-conscious.
Posts are for the moment entirely suspended apparently.
Posts are gold plated.
Posts are in both classified form and full page ads with loads of details.
Posts are in English, German, French and occasionally other languages.
Posts are in English.
Posts are in place, trusses up, and ready for plywood.
Posts are individual messages within a topic which discuss the topic.
Posts are limited to subscribers only.
Posts are normally advertised but speculative applications are acceptable.
Posts are often large.
Posts are open to suitably qualified men and women.
Posts are positions.
Posts are primarily by or about human rights organizations in Europe.
Posts are products.
Posts are red and trim blue and beige.
Posts are replacements.
Posts are respectful and professional, no personal insults, name calling, or put downs.
Posts are rustic in character, some splitting and checking is evident in each post.
Posts are shafts.
Posts are simply emails that are sent into the Mailing List.
Posts are so scarce that any poster becomes the newsgroups's Star of the Day.
Posts are stock mill-made units.
Posts are subject to being removed after four weeks.
Posts are thick treated wood poles.
Posts are thoughtful, honest and rich.
Posts are to be sent the evening before the class for which they are assigned.
Posts are to be solid, thoughtful, and to the point.
Posts are unmoderated, as long as they are consistent with our no-flaming policy.
Posts are unmoderated, but subscription is, as described in the next section.
Posts are unmoderated, but unprovoked or persistant hostility is discouraged.
Posts are uprights.
Posts are visual signals.
Posts are welcome, and the discussion is on a Global basis.
Posts arrive from all corners of the United States, including Alaska and Hawaii.
Posts average five or six per day.
Posts bail in order to take the bar exam.
Posts can be anything from a two by four board to something fancy, depending on desire.
Posts can be articles, followups to articles, or followups to a followup.
Posts can be either for, or against the procedure.
Posts can be original posts or replies.
Posts can be plain text or HTML source.
Posts can be screen before they are posted.
Posts can be surface mounted using deck mount castings.
Posts can expect more rapid turnaround of their submissions of wage survey data.
Posts can include political views, discussion on internet security, and things of that nature.
Posts can naturally expect to start getting inquiries shortly thereafter.
Posts can provide assistance in crime prevention and traffic control.
Posts can then order additional copies at a minimal fee.
Posts challenging the acceptability of euthanasia in general are inappropriate.
Posts containing nickel can also cause an itchy, allergic reaction.
Posts cover cult awareness and information.
Posts deal with every aspect of breast cancer treatment.
Posts do hire local staff, predominantly for administrative work.
Posts expire after one month.
Posts expressing a skeptical viewpoint are also welcome.
Posts generally fall into three categories.
Posts get consumer-savvy Indian posts want to leave a stamp of efficiency.
Posts have a constant diameter with no channel.
Posts held by past participants include bartender, receptionist, technical writer and sales intern.
Posts here are also forward to Polish companies by email and by fax.
Posts is the number of messages posted to that Subject thread.
Posts made to the list include training seminars, classes and courses.
Posts only changes to amounts and price.
Posts only stick around for a few weeks.
Posts order to department record sheet, or computer files, using computer.
Posts outline the fortified American line.
Posts pertaining to job opportunities are good.
Posts position opening internally.
Posts pretend to be deaf and dumb.
Posts prevent the child sliding out.
Posts provide more stability for a wire bin but make the bin difficult to move.
Posts put in concrete have to be broken out of the ground and the concrete has to be repoured.
Posts range from reviews, searches for books, gossip about authors, and arguments about technology.
Posts receive their profits from direct sale of the poppies to the public.
Posts reflect only each member's opinion.
Posts regarding deals in the United States and other countries are acceptable.
Posts remain active for one month.
Posts remain on servers for at least thirty days and allow anyone to respond to the posts.
Posts respond to short papers written by leaders in the field.
Posts results onto quality control reports.
Posts resumes and lists jobs in France, U.K., U.S. and Canada.
Posts seem to be coming through here.
Posts slide into the normal screw holes on the drive.
Posts stay at the top of the list for ten days before moving under the selected category.
Posts surplus material sales.
Posts tend to be long and writing quality and style varies quite a bit.
Posts tend to come with ads at bottom.
Posts tend to range in the beginner - very advanced.
Posts tend to stay on the board for a week or so.
Posts there get to few readers.
Posts work as usual.
All post are the responsibility of the person whose name and e-mail address is attached.
All posts appear free of charge on the chemsoc web site.
All posts appear here with the permission of their respective authors.
All posts appearing on one also appear on the other.
All posts are full time and based at our West End offices unless otherwise stated.
All posts are here by permission.
All posts are honorary.
All posts are in English and are selected for accuracy and ease of understanding.
All posts are official in nature and approved by the site owner.
All posts are open to all nationalities.
All posts are open to both solicitors and barristers.
All posts are open to job share.
All posts are open to job-share.
All posts are open to the public.
All posts are property of the contributors, and the responsibility of the same.
All posts are publicly accessible from the group's site.
All posts are subject to approval by the list moderator before distribution to the list.
All posts are subject to editing.
All posts are superannuable.
All posts are the opinion of the person placing the message.
All posts are the property of the poster.
All posts are the responsibility of the user.
All posts are the sole reponsibillity of their authors.
All posts are their original authors.
All posts are welcome here.
All posts are welcome.
All posts come in a single email with topics ordered and sorted.
All posts come with excellent salary package.
All posts come with hooks on both sides for use as end or center posts.
All posts given below are open on public holidays at the same time as for weekdays.
All posts go immediately to all other list members.
All posts go on to the current forum click below to go there.
All posts go to that list.
All posts have a space to add comments, allowing for ongoing discussion.
All posts listed below are open on public holidays at the same time as for weekdays.
All posts provide a valuable platform for career progression.
All posts receive a copy of the tour schedule.
All posts report annually on status of programs and number of volunteers and hours.
All posts require good verbal and written communication skills.
Any post can immediately reach hundreds of people with an equal right to reply.
Any post is a good post.
Every post deletes an old one.
Every post has a title.
Every post here resonates with amazing frequency.
Every post is an entry.
Every post is different and everyone wants something different out of it.
Every post requires an author, subject, and message text.
Every post shows a three figure number.
Every post takes up disk space on each site around the world where it lands.
Many posts also have specific functional competences.
Many posts are general reference questions which are referred to the group.
Many posts are still vacant.
Many posts contain initials or signature without identification of affiliation.
Many posts contain links to very interesting sites.
Many posts continue to experience increasing workloads without concomitant increasing staffs.
Many posts here recommend different internet apps.
Many posts read, no known solutions.
Many posts seem unsure as to exactly what factor V leiden is.
Many posts take the form of annotated charts.
Most posts are about Net life, music, and current events.
Most posts are anonymous and lead to some very interesting discussions.
Most posts are fairly short as well.
Most posts are for particular subject areas.
Most posts are personal opinions.
Most posts have facilities to do so much for the community.
Most posts have the poster's email address.
Most posts involve outdoor work which can be cold, wet and uncomfortable.
Most posts relate to New Mexico state and LGBT politics.
Some posts are better off being replied to directly, rather than being sent to the entire network.
Some posts are definitely entertaining.
Some posts are in error.
Some posts are limited to seconded staff.
Some posts are under the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States.
Some posts carry essential or casual user s car allowances.
Some posts involve a fair amount of local travel.
Some posts involve travel or phoning at planning stage.
Some posts now appear in First-person patient stories .
Some posts request replies or elicit comments meant only for one person.
Some posts require an appropriate postgraduate qualification.
Some posts sound like commercial endorsements, but many are honest critiques.
Postabortal syndrome can present either immediately following the procedure or several days later.
Postadaptive mutations occur after exposure to the environment in which they are adaptive.
Postage rate are as follows.
Postage rate is determined by item weight.
Postage rates apply to UK orders only.
Postage rates are also pretty reasonable.
Postage rates are for Australia only.
Postage rates are high, and response can be low.
Postage rates vary according to magazine.
A postage stamp is a token
Postage stamp can include cinderellas or fake stamps.
Postage stamps account for one third of government revenue.
Postage stamps are a part of our everyday life.
Postage stamps are acceptable payment.
Postage stamps are also available at many grocery and convenience stores.
Postage stamps are also available for purchase.
Postage stamps are also available for sale at newsstands, tobacconists, bookshops etc.
Postage stamps are available at face value cost.
Postage stamps are available for sale.
Postage stamps are available from the post office.
Postage stamps are available in the Bookstore.
Postage stamps are available to departments on a limited basis.
Postage stamps are available to shippers and collectors.
Postage stamps are available, as are film, milk, and newspapers.
Postage stamps are located in mail.
Postage stamps are located in post offices.
Postage stamps are much more personalised than franking or any other postal mark.
Postage stamps are official documents.
Postage stamps are postages.
Postage stamps are stickers.
Postage stamps are traditionally for universally acclaimed heroes and celebrities.
Postage stamps featuring cartoonists are popular especially in Europe.
Postage stamps make great souvenirs and gifts.
Many postage stamps are also valid for revenue purpose and are thus inscribeed.
A postage is charge
Postage appears to be free.
Postage applies for bulk orders.
Postage can be a budget destroyer.
Postage charged at cost - please specify whether air or surface mail, our default is economy air.
Postage charged is actual cost.
Postage costs non-refundable.
Postage costs Postage costs include insurance for damage or loss in transit.
Postage given is for one book only.
Postage has to be paid both ways by the borrower.
Postage includes secure packing and insurance.
Postage includes stamps, meter imprint, standard indicia and permit imprint.
Postage is added as incurred.
Postage is added to all purchases of books or publications.
Postage is added using the regular rates.
Postage is additional and is calculated for each order to keep costs as low as possible.
Postage is additional and paid directly to the postmaster.
Postage is additional where specified.
Postage is additional, and charged according to weight.
Postage is additional, unless paid in advance by check or credit card.
Postage is additional.
Postage is also extra.
Postage is an additional charge.
Postage is applied to envelopes using a red ink.
Postage is approx.
Postage is as calculated by weight and related postage value as described on the postage page.
Postage is at cost and depends on the weight shipped.
Postage is at cost price.
Postage is at cost.
Postage is based on weight and country.
Postage is billed at cost.
Postage is by airmail charged at cost.
Postage is by airmail.
Postage is calculated and advised before shipping for overseas orders .
Postage is calculated automatically on most items.
Postage is calculated by weight.
Postage is calculated for all publications in addition to the cost .
Postage is charged at cost and added to the total on the credit card.
Postage is charged at cost, in addition to the above stated prices .
Postage is charged at cost.
Postage is charged by weight.
Postage is charged extra.
Postage is charged for items sent by mail.
Postage is charged for mailing the containers.
Postage is charged on all overseas orders.
Postage is charged on case by case basis.
Postage is charged on international mail.
Postage is charged on large orders.
Postage is charged to foreign libraries.
Postage is charged to the buyer.
Postage is charged when insurance is necessary.
Postage is cheap.
Postage is considered part of the sale and is therefore taxable.
Postage is current flat rate envelope fee.
Postage is currently FREE except for bulk orders.
Postage is determined after order is filled and weighed.
Postage is determined by the weight and method of shipment.
Postage is determined by weight and distance of the mailing.
Postage is determined by weight and distance.
Postage is downloaded from the Web.
Postage is due.
Postage is especially costly compared to North American rates.
Postage is estimated actual cost.
Postage is exact cost, no handlg fees.
Postage is exact cost, no handling fees.
Postage is excluded from discounts where the extra cost is identified separately.
Postage is expensive and it takes time to lick stamps and address envelopes.
Postage is expensive and slow.
Postage is extra - see order list.
Postage is extra .
Postage is extra and prices are subject to change.
Postage is extra and varies by weight and distance.
Postage is extra at cost.
Postage is extra but only at cost of stamps on package.
Postage is extra for customers living outside of Australia.
Postage is extra if invoiced or sent overseas.
Postage is extra on all items please inquire on an item by item basis.
Postage is extra on all literature .
Postage is extra on all orders mailed.
Postage is extra, depending on what is ordered.
Postage is extra, except in the case of an order for a complete set, either New Series or Old.
Postage is extra.
Postage is Extra.
Postage is fair on light items.
Postage is for single book orders, adjustment made for multiple book orders.
Postage is free and tapes can be played on standard cassette players.
Postage is free by surface mail both within and outside Australia.
Postage is free for all seeds if ordered with plants.
Postage is free for inmates.
Postage is free for local subscriptions and overseas surface mail.
Postage is free for shirts.
Postage is free for single order value exceeding Rs.
Postage is free for the UK and Europe.
Postage is free if posted to the addressee in India.
Postage is free in North America.
Postage is free in the United States.
Postage is free on all CD-ROM upgrade orders.
Postage is free on domestic pre-paid orders.
Postage is free to prisoners.
Postage is free to the UK. .
Postage is free within UK and Europe.
Postage is free, by the way, for all materials used by the blind.
Postage is free.
Postage is generally low because the material is sent via book rates.
Postage is gratis.
Postage is in addition to the price of the book.
Postage is in addition to the prices quoted.
Postage is included and good luck.
Postage is included except for overseas orders shipped by air mail.
Postage is included for all European orders.
Postage is included for single copies.
Postage is included for the continental United States and Canada.
Postage is included for the United Kingdom.
Postage is included for U.S. residents.
Postage is included for UK only.
Postage is included in all prices.
Postage is included in price.
Postage is included in prices in all cases.
Postage is included in prices.
Postage is included in quoted rates.
Postage is included in the above prices.
Postage is included in the cost of duplication.
Postage is included in the cost.
Postage is included in the donation level.
Postage is included in the lesson price.
Postage is included in the per-transaction fee.
Postage is included in the price for each item.
Postage is included in the price for orders shipped inside the United States.
Postage is included in the price for UK customers.
Postage is included in the price given.
Postage is included in the price of domestic subscriptions.
Postage is included in the price of other items and there is no postage charges for tickets.
Postage is included in the price of the book.
Postage is included in the price, which has been rounded down for extra value.
Postage is included in the price.
Postage is included in the prices above.
Postage is included in the prices for subscriptions.
Postage is included in the prices.
Postage is included in U.S. orders only.
Postage is included on all above items to USA addresses only.
Postage is included on prepaid orders.
Postage is included with the price of each product.
Postage is included worldwide.
Postage is included, by surface mail, to any destination.
Postage is included.
Postage is kept low and is mentioned on the invoice.
Postage is mentioned.
Postage is metered on letters and flats at five metering stations.
Postage is no more subsidized.
Postage is non refundable.
Postage is non-refundable.
Postage is now taxable in NY and Connecticut.
Postage is obviously extra.
Postage is on top of the above costs.
Postage is one of the biggest single expenses of most of our members.
Postage is our biggest expense.
Postage is our major expense.
Postage is paid both ways by the library.
Postage is paid by the person returning the card.
Postage is paid by the person who sends it back.
Postage is paid for convenience.
Postage is paid from Tampa to destination.
Postage is paid in North America.
Postage is paid to Libraries.
Postage is paid.
Postage is payable by the reader.
Postage is placed on the letter and mailed.
Postage is prepaid.
Postage is provided by group funds.
Postage is quoted for shipments of single items.
Postage is reasonable.
Postage is relatively inexpensive.
Postage is required on the mailer.
Postage is required to continue the mailings of our valuable 'Info Packets' to all who inquire.
Postage is required.
Postage is the purchasers liability.
Postage is the responsibility of the withdrawing library.
Postage is to be paid in advance.
Postage is to keep in touch with key members.
Postage is too expensive.
Postage is unfortunately only to destinations in South Africa.
Postage is VERY cheap.
Postage is zero because the three divisions absorbed all the cost of postage.
Postage isa expenditure.
Postage listed below is in cents.
Postage Provides funds for postage to ship gospel literature.
Postage quoted is for UK only.
Postage remains the responsibility of the customer.
Postage varies according to title ordered.
Postage varies depending on the size, weight, and destination of package.
Postage varies depending on weight - please ask.
Postage varies for each piece by weight.
Postage varies for foreign orders, please specify surface or air when ordering by phone or mail.
Postage varies on other items.
Postage varies to other parts of the world.
Postage varies, contact Gateways for shipping fees.
Postage worldwide is gratis.
Postages are charge.
Postages are legal tenders.
Postages are located in post offices.
Postages are tokens.
All postage is charged at cost price only, no extras.
All postage is charged at cost.
All postage is charged to the department sending the mail.
All postage is extra.
All postage is paid by the library.
All postage is paid for by the student, except exams.
All postage is prepaid.
All postage is refunded for defects.
Any postage remaining on the meter is good for the next quarter or fiscal year.
Postal abbreviations show state names or countries.
Postal address is another, familiar classification hierarchy.
Postal address is optional.
Postal addresses do the same listing specific persons, street address, city, state, and country.
Postal addresses use a hierarchical addressing system.
Every postal administration has the right to issue whatever it pleases.
Many postal administrations have postal code locators on their Web sites.
Postal advice is free.
Postal agencies have a different fax number available.
Postal applications take longer.
Postal art is a great way for kids to learn about their world.
Postal art is art that travels the planet via the international postal system.
Many postal authorities place barcodes on mail to automate the delivery process.
Postal boxes are available at no cost to the residents.
Some postal cachets are still available.
Postal cancellations are available, too.
A postal card is a card
Postal cards are a really underrated branch of philately.
Postal cards are government-produced postcards with imprinted stamps.
Postal Carriers encourage people along their routes to leave cans of food on their mailbox.
Postal carriers fall into two separate categories.
Some postal carriers arrive at residences.
Postal charges are at cost.
Postal Charges are extra .
Postal charges are the same as charts.
Postal chess is a lot more than cranking out strong moves.
A postal clerk is a clerk
Postal clerks are clerks.
Postal clerks are located in post offices.
Postal clerks do more than just deliver mail.
Postal clerks known as distribution clerks sort local mail for delivery to individual customers.
Postal code Enter the postal code of the claimant.
Postal code Enter the postal code of the vendor.
Postal code Enter the traveler's zip code.
Postal code Enter the vendor's zip code.
Postal code is code
Postal codes are six characters long and are a mixture of three letters and three numbers.
Postal codes Look up postal codes for any address in Canada.
Postal companies get on a global track.
Postal consultations are also available.
Postal Contacts write to people affected by eating disorders, their carers, friends or relatives.
All postal correspondence is forwarded to our Linden branch.
All postal correspondence is handled from our Linden branch.
Postal covers cancelled aboard the airship are highly collectible.
Postal customers complete shipping manifests directly from their desktops.
Postal delays can occur, and private courier companies often quote highly optimistic delivery times.
Postal delays contribute to the problem.
Postal deliveries are fairly reliable.
Postal details are on the membership form.
Postal employee bashing is alive and well.
Postal employees commit their lives and careers to processing and delivering America's mail.
Postal employees have a higher degree of responsibility for off-duty conduct.
Postal employees have a status that is comparable with other state-owned enterprises.
Postal employees park next door on leased spots, and customers park wherever they can find a spot.
Postal employees receive the same benefits provided to federal employees.
Postal employees suffer one of the highest injury rates in the federal government.
All postal employees are aware of the cost of operating such a large business.
Most postal employees work in a plant environment.
Postal enquirers can anticipate a delay of about ten weeks for a reply.
Postal enquiries are possible.
Postal enquiries can take a little longer.
Postal enquiries welcome.
Postal facilities are also available.
Postal facilities are limited to main towns.
Postal facilities can be slow with deliveries to Europe normally taking over a week.
Postal facilities have doors.
Postal facilities have fire doors.
Most postal facilities have doors.
Most postal facilities have fire doors.
Postal fees are include in all prices.
Postal forgeries abound throughout the world.
Postal historians delight in trying to find answers to such questions.
Postal history is shown via covers franked with stamps of the issue.
Postal information is optional for general inquiries.
Postal information is optional.
Postal inspectors have some tips for screening mail.
Postal inspectors observe the functioning of the postal system and recommend improvements.
Postal insurance is available at cost.
Postal insurance is available on request.
Postal insurance is available upon request.
Postal insurance is encouraged.
Postal insurance is included.
Postal letters are now quaint, ineffective and one-sided.
Postal lines move at the speed of glaciers.
Postal machines destroy the envelope .
Postal mail is also an option.
Postal mail is also important.
Postal mail is still the most reliable method to use.
Postal mail is the preferred form of submission.
Postal mails are also acceptable.
Postal management refuses.
Postal officials attribute it to an internet-based prankster.
Postal officials have other complaints about the stamps.
Postal officials say business users are more likely than other people to use the competing services.
Postal officials say the boxes go in only as a safety factor for mail carriers.
Postal officials say they never meant to promote smoking, or make it appear glamorous.
Postal officials warn that Tucson is the nation's mail-theft capital.
Postal operations are separate.
Postal operators use DACS to produce custom-built management reports.
Postal order is a draft
Postal orders are an acceptable means of payment.
All postal outlets provide access to disabled persons.
Many postal players prefer to think for themselves.
Postal premiums are available on request.
Postal privatization means more than contracting out.
Postal qualification is critical to costs.
Some postal questions require research.
Postal rates are favorable.
Postal rates are less favorable.
Postal rates are much higher than below chart, ask for quote.
Postal rates are reasonable but the service can be unreliable.
Postal rates skew figures significantly.
Postal rates vary depending on the size and weight of the card or letter.
Postal records show none of the incumbents did that, however.
Postal records show the name spelled as one word.
Postal reform means different things to different organizations.
Postal regulation require that the outer metal screw-on lid be secured with tape.
Postal regulations forbid more than five words of greeting on cards sent by bulk mail.
Postal regulations prohibit first class letters being mailed in the packages at book rate.
Postal regulations prohibit the mailing of flammable liquids.
Postal regulations prohibit the sending of even a small box of aspirin.
Postal regulations require all subscriptions be paid in advance.
Postal regulations require flammable materials be shipped by surface only no airmail.
Postal regulations require payment in advance.
Postal regulations require that all mail subscriptions be prepaid.
Postal regulations require that controlled substances be sent by registered mail.
Postal regulations require that subscription payments be made in advance.
Postal regulations require that the outer metal screw-on lid be secured with tape.
Postal regulations restrict the amount of space for advertising.
Postal regulations specify putting the rubber band on the length before the girth.
Postal requests take a few weeks to service.
Postal route precedes town of residence and road number.
Postal scales are less expensive but they measure in ounces.
A postal service is communication
Postal service is available.
Postal service is carrier unless otherwise requested by customer.
Postal service is the traditionally way of receiving mail.
Postal services are also available from most hotels.
Postal services are available at the hotel concierge and at a nearby post office.
Postal services are available in main centres.
Postal services are available in most centres.
Postal services are broadly divided into parcels and letters.
Postal services are capable of weapons.
Postal services are crucial to social cohesion.
Postal services are efficient in relation to Western standards.
Postal services are efficient.
Postal services are rather less than reliable.
Postal services are shipping companies.
Postal services are speedy and reliable.
Postal services are well established.
Postal services can be slow.
Postal services continue to be hit and rail and bus services are being restricted.
Postal services do make mistakes, even on registered mail.
Postal services have a key role to play here.
Postal services have a valuable role to play here.
Postal services use it.
All postal services are available including priority post.
Most postal services are unreliable.
Postal staff are employees of the government under the civil service conditions of service.
Postal submission includes an original signed proposal with all forms plus three copies.
Postal subscriptions are most welcome.
Most postal systems use activated zinc sulfide for tagging.
Postal transactions create a mountain of data every day.
Postal transit takes few days to reach the destination.
Postal votes are to become available upon demand for the first time.
Postal voting is now available on demand - no reason needs to be given.
Postal Votings have to be held in writing as plainly as possible.
Postal workers are a loyal and dedicated workforce who are paid very poorly.
Postal workers are located in post offices.
Postal workers are people.
Postal workers are skilled workers.
Postal workers can be dishonest and screen letters for money.
Postal Workers Deliver Our Mail.
Postal workers deserve a major wage increase that makes up for several years of wage freezes .
Postal workers do.
Postal workers endure tremendous stress in the office.
Postal workers enjoy a variety of employer-provided benefits.
Postal workers lead the way collecting letters to Santa.
Postal workers suffer from dog bites and homicidal tendencies.
Postbaccalaureate applicants submit the transfer student version.
Postbaccalaureate programs leading to a certificate or master s degree are generally three years.
Some postbaccalaureate programs have excellent records of placing their students in graduate school.
Most postbaccalaureate students are at a point of transition in their lives.
Postcard collecting offers a vast range of topics to collect.
Postcard has (part) chapters.
Postcard has (part) letters.
Postcard has (part) paragraphs.
Postcard has (part) sections.
Postcard has (part) word order.
Postcard is a card
Postcard is cards.
Postcard is in great condition.
Postcard is located in fridges.
Postcard is located in mail boxs.
Postcard is located in mail.
Postcard is located in post offices.
Postcard is located in shops.
Postcard is on hold pending sale.
Postcard is postally unused.
Postcard isa correspondence.
Postcards appeal to the media, too, standing out in a sea of faxes and business envelopes.
Postcards are a cost-effective way to run a successful campaign.
Postcards are a fun way for a business to advertise.
Postcards are a good place to start.
Postcards are a good source for seaside piers, pleasure gardens.
Postcards are a great cost-effective tool.
Postcards are a great form of promotion.
Postcards are a great marketing resource.
Postcards are a great way to get seen by potential customers.
Postcards are a great way to get started in co-op marketing.
Postcards are a link to the past.
Postcards are a means by which to express a few sentiments.
Postcards are a more effective, guaranteed, quick read.
Postcards are a popular choice for residential mailings as well.
Postcards are also a terrific solution.
Postcards are also available for each design.
Postcards are also available.
Postcards are also best when used as a two-part sales strategy.
Postcards are also very beautiful.
Postcards are an easy way to say a thousand words with one great picture.
Postcards are available and a template has been developed that can be easily reproduced.
Postcards are available from both reception and the gift shop.
Postcards are available in the resource room.
Postcards are both fun and educational.
Postcards are brief essays that put forward an argument or express a point of view.
Postcards are bundled to circulate in classrooms.
Postcards are cheap and easy to produce, and they often get an immediate response.
Postcards are cheap but look good.
Postcards are convenient.
Postcards are cool.
Postcards are currently available too.
Postcards are easy to print and they're very inexpensive.
Postcards are easy to produce and inexpensive to mail.
Postcards are easy to produce and relatively inexpensive to design and print.
Postcards are for sale.
Postcards are fun to send and fun to get.
Postcards are fun.
Postcards are generally black and white photo-postcards.
Postcards are great.
Postcards are inexpensive and easy to prepare.
Postcards are like very brief brochures.
Postcards are much more distinctive than other forms of direct mail.
Postcards are no longer a feature of the Eastern Mountain Sports web site.
Postcards are now available.
Postcards are now up and running.
Postcards are now very trendy and can be just as effective.
Postcards are one of the most cost-effective ways of doing so.
Postcards are our greatest speciality.
Postcards are out.
Postcards are pleasantly affordable.
Postcards are Sappho cards.
Postcards are simple and easy to prepare.
Postcards are single cards sent without a wrapper or an envelope.
Postcards are single cards sent without a wrapper or envelope.
Postcards are special.
Postcards are welcome.
Postcards automatically expire.
Postcards can be an interesting collectible.
Postcards can be very nice.
Postcards can help generate interest and traffic for it.
Postcards Can Sound a Quick Call to Action.
Postcards can take weeks to get to their destination.
Postcards Choose a postcard to send.
Postcards Click on any of the miniatures to see the postcard.
Postcards come alive in Vava'u.
Postcards contain a picture and a message.
Postcards do have some limitations, such as having only a small area on which to print.
Postcards Find out what other travellers are saying about the world.
Postcards Find out why people started sending postcards.
Postcards give visitors a sense of the geographical diversity of the new courses and clubs.
Postcards go out automatically.
Postcards have full address info on back.
Postcards have lower postage rates than letters, easy labeling, and lower printing costs.
Postcards have two sides - a picture on the front and writing on the back.
Postcards is an angry cry about growing up gay in a hostile society.
Postcards jog to the top of the magazine.
Postcards Just fill out the form below to send a scenic postcard to a friend, relative or co-worker.
Postcards look good, too.
Postcards make excellent souvenirs.
Postcards offer a unique and colorful representation of Florida.
Postcards preserve memories of travels, but interests vary.
Postcards provide a great opportunity for high-impact visual messages.
Postcards provide another benefit in addition to the low cost.
Postcards See rate sheet.
Postcards Send a beautiful postcard image of New Zealand to friends and family by electronic mail.
Postcards Send a card, share BPs with a friend.
Postcards Send a digital postcard to friends and family.
Postcards Send a digital postcard using one of our travel photos.
Postcards Send a free email greeting card from our postoffice .
Postcards Send a friend a postcard.
Postcards Send a friend a Texas greeting with our special postcards.
Postcards Send a pal one of six happy animated cards.
Postcards Send a Postcard off to a friend in cyberspace.
Postcards Send a postcard to a friend.
Postcards Send an electronic postcard to a friend, lover, etc.
Postcards Send an electronic postcard to a friend.
Postcards Send an email with a beautiful picture and message .
Postcards Send free postcards Receive bids from multiple providers.
Postcards Send postcards from the site.
Postcards Send someone special something to read. . .
Postcards Send to a loved one.
Postcards Sending a postcard is easy.
Postcards show snowmen and pineapples on the summit.
Postcards Spread the message of Scotland the Brand.
Postcards take longer than letters.
Postcards Use Back button to get back.
Postcards work well too.
Postcards usually do the trick.
All postcards are gang printed.
All postcards can include company logo, contact information and address.
Every postcard generates a contribution to the fund.
Every postcard is indicated with description, price, and at least one large picture.
Many postcards are unique works of art.
Many postcards identify the publisher.
Most postcards are general views.
Some postcards contain pictures of missing children.
Some postcards show it in Brasov by mean of a photo trick.
A postcode is code
Postcode isa code.
Postcodes are subject to incorrect manual data input.
Postcodes are the key to allocating visits most efficiently.
Postcodes change continually.
Postcodes neatly define convenient demographic zones and are familiar to everyone.
Postcodes search From the Postal services agency.
All postcodes consist of two groups.
Some postcodes are part of invitation.
Some postcodes are part of invites.
Some postcodes are part of letters.
Some postcodes are part of notes.
Postcodes areas do more than keep the mail moving, they are a valuable business tool.
Postcolonial discourse is also revisionist.
Postcolonial interpretation defies the objectives of recovering the single meaning of the text.
Postcolonial movements point out new fields of investigations.
Postcolonial theory is applied to political science, to history, and to other related fields.
Postcript documentation is available at the tecplot website.
Postcruise reports are due within two weeks of either ship's return to shore.
Postcruise reports are due within two weeks of the ship's return to shore.
Postdated cheques are acceptable if dated for two weeks before class.
Postdeadline abstracts are subject to all of the above guidelines.
Postdoc contracts are for one year with the possibility of a renewal.
Postdoc experience is highly desirable.
Postdoctoral appointees work under the supervision of a senior scholar or a department.
Most postdoctoral appointees are university employees.
Postdoctoral appointments are for a two-year period and carry generous stipends and benefits.
Postdoctoral appointments are for two years, renewable for a third year.
Postdoctoral appointments are special because they bridge the gap between the Ph.D. and employment.
Postdoctoral appointments grow in number and duration.
Postdoctoral associates participate in both the teaching and research activities of the department.
Postdoctoral associations can help bring about such a shift in cultural view.
Postdoctoral candidates are most welcome.
Postdoctoral education plays an important role in the research enterprise of the United States.
Postdoctoral experience is a plus.
Postdoctoral experience is advantageous.
Postdoctoral experience is desirable.
Postdoctoral experience is desired.
Postdoctoral experience is essential.
Postdoctoral experience is highly desirable.
Postdoctoral experience is preferred.
Postdoctoral experience is required.
Postdoctoral experience is strongly preferred.
Postdoctoral fellows apply directly to individual labs.
Postdoctoral fellows can also serve on graduate student thesis committees.
Postdoctoral fellows can apply for salary support by submitting a fellowship application .
Postdoctoral fellows can be in the program for up to three years.
Postdoctoral fellows can expect to be evaluated more rigorously than student applicants.
Postdoctoral fellows come for one to two years of study and develop ideas with Rochester faculty.
Postdoctoral fellows conduct research on a wide range of neuroscience topics.
Postdoctoral fellows gain experience in a range of advanced research skills.
Postdoctoral fellows participate in independent research.
Postdoctoral fellows pursue a course of research that is largely independent.
Postdoctoral fellows receive an annual stipend based on years of postdoctoral experience.
Postdoctoral fellows receive multidisciplinary research training.
Postdoctoral fellows seem to stay at an institution for only one or two years.
Postdoctoral fellows teach one course per semester.
All postdoctoral fellows receive medical and disability insurance coverage.
Postdoctoral fellowship can be in areas of basic or clinical research.
Postdoctoral fellowships are also available.
Some postdoctoral fellowships are also available.
Some postdoctoral fellowships are available.
Postdoctoral grants run for one year, extendable for a second year pending review.
Postdoctoral opportunities are also available.
Postdoctoral position is available.
Postdoctoral positions are also available in the extra-mural Units.
Postdoctoral positions are also available.
Postdoctoral positions are available to qualified individuals.
Postdoctoral positions are available with cellular and molecular physiology faculty.
Postdoctoral positions are currently available in our fiber optics group here.
Postdoctoral positions are for a period of one year, renewable to three years.
Postdoctoral positions are for periods of one year to start.
Postdoctoral positions are immediately available.
Postdoctoral positions are often available.
Postdoctoral positions are open to both U.S. and non-U.S. citizens.
Postdoctoral positions are sometimes available for outstanding young scientists.
Postdoctoral positions can bridge the gap between a Ph.D. and a career position.
All postdoctoral positions are subject to funding availability.
Most postdoctoral positions are for one, two or three years.
Postdoctoral research is recommended.
Postdoctoral researchers are particularly sensitive to the instability of support.
Some postdoctoral researchers receive funding from a granting agency.
Postdoctoral scholars are welcome to attend on a space available basis.
Postdoctoral scholars exist under many titles at research institutions across the country.
Postdoctoral scholars study and conduct research in the laboratories of faculty members.
Postdoctoral slots are available.
Postdoctoral stipends depend on the trainee's years of experience.
Postdoctoral study is available in various disciplines.
Postdoctoral support is given at a maximum of three years.
Postdoctoral trainees can select a preceptor or co-preceptors to direct a program of research.
Postdoctoral trainees represent a talented and productive group.
Postdoctoral traineeships are also available.
Postdoctoral training is a critical period in the career of a young scientist.
Postdoctoral training is also available in many fields within the department.
Postdoctoral training is available and is strongly encouraged in the department.
Postdoctoral training is available for physicians.
Postdoctoral training is considered helpful and often necessary for securing academic positions.
Postdoctoral training is offered through individual laboratories.
Postdoctoral training is preferred.
Postdoctoral training is tailored to individual needs.
A postdoctoral is a grant
A postdoctoral is aid
Postdoctoral fellows from abroad participate regularly in the research activities of the institute.
Many postdoctorals also participate in the informal sporting groups.
Postembryonic development is direct, and there is no record of asexual reproduction.
Postembryonic development is triggered by feeding of the larva after hatching.
Poster artists show off their masterpieces.
A poster board is cardboard
Poster board is available at the Healthy East Chicago Center.
Poster board works best for paws, etc.
Poster board works nicely.
Poster board works really well.
Poster boards are available for checkout in the physics building lab.
Poster Boards are available in a variety of colors and sizes.
Poster boards are available in the session hall.
Poster boards are ca.
Poster boards are fabric covered hardboard.
Poster boards are one metre wide by one metre high.
A poster child is a child
Poster children have parties.
Poster Children rule.
Most poster children have parties.
Many poster frames come with mats.
Poster paint is paint
Poster paint mixed with paste, glue, or rubber cement is used for printing.
Poster presentation consists of one white finished panel.
Poster presentation is desirable.
Poster presentations allow for increased personal interaction and discussion of the subject.
Poster presentations are a highly attractive medium for communication of new findings.
Poster presentations are also available for registered conference delegates.
Poster presentations are also possible.
Poster presentations are also welcome.
Poster presentations are free of charge for conference delegates only.
Poster presentations are in English or French.
Poster presentations are informal presentations using printed or electronic visual aids.
Poster presentations are on display for the entire meeting.
Poster presentations are open to any area within tropical forestry, broadly defined.
Poster presentations are preferably in English.
Poster presentations are visual displays.
Poster presentations are welcome for an evening poster session.
Poster presentations are welcome, and an abstract has to be sent at registration time.
Poster presentations are welcome.
Poster Presentations Call for posters, guidelines and a printable application form.
Poster presentations can focus on research or teaching.
Poster presentations change daily.
Poster presentations follow.
Poster presentations related to nonwovens are also welcome.
Poster Printing see prices above.
Poster session highlights two programs.
Poster session is based on a submitted and approved abstract.
Poster session is now full.
Poster sessions allow information to be presented concisely and visually in a timely fashion.
Poster sessions allow maximum interaction with the audience.
Poster sessions allow students to present their research work.
Poster sessions are a borrowing from conferences in the natural sciences.
Poster sessions are a consideration to foreign colleagues.
Poster Sessions are abstract presentations in visual format.
Poster sessions are also a good opportunity for travel.
Poster sessions are an excellent way to highlight innovative programs, ideas, or research findings.
Poster sessions are an excellent way to visually showcase a single program or activity.
Poster sessions are an important means for participants to share ideas and techniques.
Poster Sessions are an informal method of presenting papers.
Poster sessions are an integral part of the technical program.
Poster sessions are another option for proposals related to research.
Poster sessions are beneficial to others as well as to the organization.
Poster sessions are effective communication tools common at scientific meetings.
Poster sessions are excellent networking opportunities for presenters and meeting attendees alike.
Poster sessions are informal presentations featuring innovative projects or solutions to problems.
Poster sessions are informal unsponsored presentations by an individual.
Poster sessions are often crowded and busy, conditions which can make close viewing difficult.
Poster sessions are open to the public.
Poster sessions are popular at psychology conventions.
Poster sessions are two hours long.
Poster sessions can be very effective.
Poster sessions can detail any type of project or program.
Poster sessions combine content and appearance.
Poster sessions contain some of the newest research, often still in progress.
Poster Sessions encompass scientific posters.
Poster sessions have the advantage of increased feedback from a greater variety of sources.
Poster sessions have the advantage of presenting a large number of topics in a single place.
Poster Sessions provide a unique forum for informal discussion of the topic.
Poster sessions provide an opportunity to share innovative ideas and new applications of technology.
Poster Sessions provide another means to disseminate useful information.
Poster sessions provide the opportunity for all who attend to present their recent results.
Poster sessions require ten times the amount of work imagined.
Poster sessions run for two hours.
Poster sessions span the entire meeting to foster discussion.
All poster sessions are in the North Gym.
All poster sessions take place in an adjoining area.
Poster stamps are indeed stamps.
Poster stamps are the predecessors of artistamps.
A poster is a sign
Poster also includes techniques, coaching tips, and team drills for coaches to use at practices.
Poster also is available.
Poster are available now in English, French and Spanish.
Poster are now available.
Poster are the movie posters for the two films.
Poster are unique teaching devices that contain a variety of great leaning tools.
Poster Be sure to open and read all of the links.
Poster begins follow-up with obscenity.
Poster can list a dozen or so names of rushees.
Poster challenges youngsters to think of even more ways to handle problems without fists or weapons.
Poster Choose a segment of the poster to expand.
Poster Click on a category below to view the items for sale in that category.
Poster Click on an area of the poster to view an image or read the text.
Poster Click on any of the images below to see the full size graphic.
Poster Click on image for larger picture and better detail.
Poster Click on the poster to view larger picture.
Poster Click on the small picture for a closer look at some of the suspects.
Poster Click on the small picture to see a detail from the poster.
Poster Click to view.
Poster comes with a flier describing all the meanings.
Poster Comes with teacher's guide.
Poster contains all infomation from graphic organizer.
Poster contains less than three reasons for the bounty or Abolitionist tips.
Poster contains little or incomplete information about the species.
Poster contains little or no information from graphic organizer.
Poster contains most of the required information.
Poster contains most or all information from graphic organizer.
Poster contains some information from graphic organizer.
Poster contains some labels and some use of color for interest.
Poster Contains twenty chairs and their descriptions.
Poster Contest a success.
Poster Contest an overwhelming success.
Poster Contest each spring.
Poster conveys straightforward message to parents about the reality of drug use among youth.
Poster depicts their scale to man and the era in which they lived.
Poster Displays the the different families of dinosaurs from sauropods to stegosaurs.
Poster does review.
Poster FAQs answers questions about various postermaking methods and techniques.
Poster Features a short rhyme for each letter of the alphabet.
Poster features charming design and text.
Poster gives good graphic examples of each.
Poster has a small crease but is otherwise perfect.
Poster has metal rim on top and bottom edges.
Poster has some good advice for integrating security.
Poster has vertical and horizontal folds, but is in nice, clean and frameable condition otherwise.
Poster have a PO instead of the day, and papers have a PA instead of the day.
Poster Here's how to create a wall hanging with just a poster and framed canvas.
Poster includes samples of black and white drawings of Amish.
Poster includes specific, interesting and correct information about the species.
Poster includes the key and membership requirements.
Poster is a bit messy and has little color.
Poster is a definite play on contrasts.
Poster is a large version on the cover of The Silver Boat .
Poster is a limited edition poster printed on museum quality paper.
Poster is a neat and colorful display.
Poster is a reproduction-enlargement of an actual vintage advertisement.
Poster is a single entity.
Poster is a summary of the results and conclusions in the honors thesis.
Poster is a very useful accessory.
Poster is a visual represenation of multiplication arrays.
Poster is accurate, Excellent student product.
Poster is also available.
Poster is an organizational way to combine music with artistic design.
Poster is appropriate with organized information.
Poster is available for printing.
Poster is available for purchase by mail.
Poster is available in a violin or piano design.
Poster is available in several forms.
Poster is available now by mail.
Poster is available.
Poster is based on the latest post-harvest research.
Poster is colorful, all margins are even, all papers glued, and quality pictures are labeled, etc.
Poster is completed, but no creativity is shown.
Poster is discontinued.
Poster is folded, as issued originally.
Poster is folded, excellent condition.
Poster is folded, near mint condition.
Poster is folded, near mint, no pinholes, stains, tears or missing paper.
Poster is folded, near mint, no pinholes, tears, stains or missing paper.
Poster is folded, near mint.
Poster is full-color and printed on thick, durable board.
Poster is good, but shipping is very slow.
Poster is highly detailed with bright and vivid colors.
Poster is hit with one shuriken for each asterisk.
Poster is in excellent condition and never been used.
Poster is in excellent condition.
Poster is in very good condition.
Poster is in VG condition.
Poster is introduced as a method for helping children to calm down and learn better self-control.
Poster is issued a new keyboard without capitals or punctuation.
Poster is just red pix of Cage's face.
Poster is key player in the outdoor media advertising company.
Poster is laminated for protection and comes in a Spanish version also.
Poster is legible.
Poster is loaded with great features.
Poster is messy.
Poster is mounted and framed, then a tastefull neon tube accent is added.
Poster is neat and colorful.
Poster is needed by anyone with employees in Indiana.
Poster is no longer available.
Poster is now available.
Poster is offered freely for everyone to view and enjoy.
Poster is on premed board with further information.
Poster is on the web site.
Poster is our sole product.
Poster is placed by the manager.
Poster is printed in full color on gloss paper and measures app.
Poster is printed on high quality white poster board.
Poster is sharper and clearer than picture presented here.
Poster is shipped in a mailing tube.
Poster is shown.
Poster is somewhat organized.
Poster is the on-line version of the printed magazine originating in Ottawa.
Poster is the same delenatii as on the shirt.
Poster is to be submitted the day of Cavy receiving.
Poster is too lazy to read old messages.
Poster is unframed.
Poster isa entity.
Poster Keep it simple.
Poster Learn about the Alaska minerals showcased on our new poster.
Poster Make a poster explaining a safety rule.
Poster makes scheduling much easier on firefighters.
Poster Now has enough to keep any fan happy.
Poster observe the areas where the cows and calves live.
Poster offer subject to availability.
Poster offers theories.
Poster Pages a fantastic resource on Chinese propaganda.
Poster Promote dissemination and discussion of exploratory and pilot studies.
Poster provides an escape plan grid and key fire safety points.
Poster provides examples of numerous projection types with varied properties and suggested uses.
Poster Provides telephone numbers for state agencies that service individuals with disabilities.
Poster Provides the six basic safety rules for working around electrical lines.
Poster Put the pasta poster up in a highly visible place.
Poster Register online and receive a FREE full size poster.
Poster satirizes company restrictions on employee Internet use.
Poster says dead or alive.
Poster See a larger image .
Poster See description above.
Poster See the fiery fury of a volcano erupting.
Poster seeks to imagine a new history more in sync with the postmodern conditions of our time.
Poster Select a subject to view available posters.
Poster Sells safety posters to factories and construction sites.
Poster Set for educational purposes, just fill out the form.
Poster shows a lack of effort.
Poster shows a lot of effort and is exemplary.
Poster shows circle scene.
Poster shows clear explanation of habitat needs.
Poster shows good explanation of habitat needs.
Poster Shows how encapsulation is set up, shown per protocol.
Poster shows little knowledge about the melon.
Poster shows majorette and clown in midway setting.
Poster shows man, woman and child in midway setting.
Poster shows minimal effort.
Poster shows soldiers.
Poster shows some effort and is aesthetically pleasing to the eye.
Poster shows the six species of Pacific salmon and steelhead.
Poster Shows the sun and planets, all in the same scale.
Poster shows today's system for producing beef.
Poster strongly supports education.
Poster suggests that the program is designed for one purpose only - the design of posters.
Poster Take a look at the poster, and read about the mathematical model behind the image.
Poster take down.
Poster There can be no perfect democracy curtailed by color, race or poverty.
Poster View our poster.
Posters advertise courses in software programming, multimedia, computer repair, and e-commerce.
Posters advertise the research projects.
Posters also have to agree to the terms of the user agreement on the site.
Posters also provide a valuable opportunity for scientific interaction.
Posters announce themes.
Posters announcing upcoming events cover the walls.
Posters appear everywhere, tacked up by a student resistance group that aims to oust the president.
Posters are a chronic vice of our elections, like vote-buying and flying voters.
Posters are a common way to present original experimental results at conferences.
Posters are a fun section of the Art and Culture Competition.
Posters are a good mirror image of Polish culture.
Posters are a great way for people to meet and develop social interactions.
Posters are a great way to communicate more informally with the hypertext community.
Posters are a lovely new departure.
Posters are a more relaxed and efficient medium than slides.
Posters are a special concern.
Posters are a very useful way of getting policy statements across, to pupils as well as staff.
Posters are actually several large pieces of paper that present an overview of a topic or a problem.
Posters are also available as camera-ready art.
Posters are also available for our other international borders.
Posters are also available for purchase in our shopping section.
Posters are also available for sale.
Posters are also available framed.
Posters are also available of selected works.
Posters are also available there.
Posters are also available to the dental societies for use in classroom visits.
Posters are also available.
Posters are also in local buses.
Posters are also responsible for any results from their use of the service for any purpose.
Posters are also warmly welcome to the meeting.
Posters are also welcome.
Posters are always responsible for their actions.
Posters are an afterthought only, a nice idea maybe.
Posters are an effective means of publicity.
Posters are an effective medium for communicating scholarly work.
Posters are an ever-popular option.
Posters are an example of unlimited editions.
Posters are an excellent medium to get direct feedback from the tapir community on new ideas.
Posters are an important part of our local pop art scene.
Posters are available and free of charge to all Maryland employers.
Posters are available and have been disseminated.
Posters are available at a nominal fee that covers the basic costs for printing and postage.
Posters are available at no cost.
Posters are available for viewing during the entire conference and are physically grouped by topic.
Posters are available for viewing for an extended time at meetings.
Posters are available free of charge.
Posters are available from the commission.
Posters are available in both English and Spanish.
Posters are available in color or black and white.
Posters are available of many locations in Nebraska.
Posters are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Posters are available online.
Posters are available to physicians through local shelters.
Posters are available with images from Halifax and Victoria.
Posters are available.
Posters are by definition intended to sway public opinion during a particular crisis.
Posters are concise, visual presentations of a concept related to the conference theme.
Posters are different from books or articles in the way they convey information.
Posters are double-sided.
Posters are due at time of receiving.
Posters are easy to make.
Posters are effective because of their combination of massivity and art.
Posters are equivalent to oral presentations.
Posters are essential for keeping to a three day meeting.
Posters are excellent, supplemental curricula materials.
Posters are extremely versatile as decorations.
Posters are free for educational purposes.
Posters are free of charge.
Posters are free to residents of Washington State.
Posters are fun presents.
Posters are generally available from the responsible agency.
Posters are gloss film, laminated on both sides for strength.
Posters are great teaching tools - eg spaceflight, solar system, star fields, galaxies, nebulae.
Posters are great tools for use in the classrooms or to hang on the wall at home.
Posters are in color.
Posters are in pdf format.
Posters are in the Maltese language.
Posters are inspiration.
Posters are insufficient to create momentum.
Posters are interactive and primarily visual presentations of research and development work.
Posters are invited, no registration fee is required.
Posters are lightweight for easy portability.
Posters are limited to one order per person.
Posters are located in bedrooms.
Posters are located in demonstrations.
Posters are made to be shown on a wall or other flat surface.
Posters are more effective for presenting some work.
Posters are more flexible in format and language than papers.
Posters are more portable if they are made out of multiple, smaller sheets or rolls of paper.
Posters are now out, and final preparations slotting neatly into place.
Posters are on display during the whole conference.
Posters are on quality paper and ready for framing.
Posters are on the hall bulletin board.
Posters are only to be posted on bulletin boards.
Posters are open editions.
Posters are particularly appropriate for work that is too preliminary for a paper session.
Posters are polite.
Posters are responsible for the content and the effect of their posts.
Posters are short, concise and focussed with a few key messages.
Posters are signs.
Posters are square, pic on site are taken on an angle.
Posters are still available.
Posters are still availble.
Posters are still the cheapest when compared with TV ads that cost six digits for a few seconds.
Posters are subject to selection by the organizers.
Posters are suitable for classrooms, libraries, and even homes.
Posters are the conventional way to present research highlights at scientific meetings.
Posters are the format of choice for data-rich research or clinical reports.
Posters are the most common dorm room decoration.
Posters are the only format systematically excluded.
Posters are their respective owners.
Posters are to be completed by individual artists.
Posters are to be displayed throughout the conference.
Posters are to be hung on bulletin boards only.
Posters are to be in black and white only, black being used on a white background.
Posters are to be removed when activities are completed.
Posters are to remain up for about three weeks.
Posters are updated weekly.
Posters are useful in obtaining subject matter for meetings.
Posters are usually consider a low art, but there are some interesting reversals.
Posters are very static, but let many people know about upcoming events quickly.
Posters are visual.
Posters are welcome and student participation is encouraged.
Posters are welcome from any undergraduate or graduate student.
Posters are welcome on all subjects.
Posters are welcome, though.
Posters are welcome.
Posters are widely available at downtown shops.
Posters are, for the most part, printed in unlimited editions.
Posters assume responsibility for all materials posted to coldfusion.
Posters become events in their time, a part of societal memory.
Posters Below are a few of our currently available posters.
Posters Browse our other product lines by clicking on the icons to the left.
Posters calling on students to sign up for the various corps fill the walls of the school corridors.
Posters can be as individual as their presenters.
Posters can be better than slides.
Posters can be black and white or in color, designed as a single roll-up sheet or in pieces.
Posters can be in any area of bioengineering, bioscience, or science.
Posters can be max.
Posters can be of whatever medium the group chooses- ink, pencil, water color, chalk.
Posters can be on any subject that relates to radiation health and safety or health physics.
Posters can be on any topic in physics, laboratory projects, or industrial placement work.
Posters can be very informal.
Posters can disagree politely without talking down to each other.
Posters can include a Title and captions for the photos.
Posters can leave a lasting impression both good or bad.
Posters can make a big difference.
Posters can remain mounted on their boards until lunch on the following day.
Posters can remain on display for the entire meeting.
Posters can stay up overnight.
Posters combine text and pictures in a simple and understandable way.
Posters come down at end.
Posters come in blue, red, purple, hunter green, black, and maroon.
Posters come in two sizes.
Posters come inside a heavy plastic sleeve with a wall mount on the back.
Posters communicate, invite action, and build consensus.
Posters comprise visual material and text.
Posters contain clues describing each energy source.
Posters correctly list a date and time.
Posters deal with the same four categories.
Posters dealing with other subjects of plant nutrition are also welcome.
Posters depend heavily on visuals rather than text.
Posters depend on visuals rather than text as a way of condensing down information.
Posters depict the glorified Aryan model of blue eyes, blond hair and tall, muscled bodies.
Posters describing computer algebra systems and applications are also especially welcome.
Posters end up taking sides, and the whole thing gets really messy and the posts get really huge.
Posters exist, yay.
Posters feature each nightly theme and promotional give away.
Posters feature patent drawings and promotional illustrations of groundbreaking tools and machines.
Posters featuring the painting are available.
Posters get pretty heavy.
Posters go on display.
Posters have a different role.
Posters have a PO instead of the day, and papers have a PA instead of the day.
Posters have fewer words and more pictures than conventional written or spoken presentations.
Posters have pictures of lions, tigers, elephants, clowns, acrobats, jugglers and tightrope walkers.
Posters have plastic surface for durability, easy cleaning, and good visibility.
Posters have the added benefit of being changed easily .
Posters have to be fixed by tape.
Posters have to be shipped apart due to their size.
Posters identifying employee rights under the act are to be placed in each work area.
Posters illustrate four proofs.
Posters incorporate visual combinations of images, lines, colour and words.
Posters Keep safety and concrete basics in full view on the jobsite and in the office.
Posters listed are originals, and thus very expensive.
Posters Make a poster using a large picture of a baby.
Posters make great gifts.
Posters measure approx.
Posters promoting drug and alcohol awareness cover the walls.
Posters provide a brief summary of current research topics being conducted.
Posters provide a good forum for discussion on current research.
Posters provide an opportunity to present late-breaking results in an informal manner.
Posters provide character.
Posters provide easy reference for parents and teachers busy working with children at workshops.
Posters providing further details are available below.
Posters raise window-blocking to a vibrant art form.
Posters range from amateurs to gurus, and everyone in between.
Posters rate the information as to whether it matches the request.
Posters reflect the year's theme in all rooms.
Posters regarding research on communication in medicine are also welcome.
Posters reinforce life skills and feature the food guide pyramid.
Posters remain in the category of collectibles so new that demand is everything in so far as price.
Posters remain up all day.
Posters remain up in the evening.
Posters require the paper being changed, etc.
Posters require two sizes of images.
Posters retain full responsibility for their postings.
Posters retain sole liability and responsibility for messages submitted.
Posters retain the right to their own postings.
Posters show prominent African American women who made a difference.
Posters show the role of plate tectonics in the formation of California.
Posters simply drop of to the ground for normal street cleaning to collect up.
Posters take responsibility for themselves and their posts.
Posters take up to two weeks to produce from original submission.
Posters tell a story about campus life.
Posters tell stories.
Posters urge enlistment in efforts to combat world hunger and protect human rights.
Posters use a combination of words, print and color to make reading effortless.
Posters use it to inspire and sign off to one another in their posts.
Posters work well in our area.
Posters frequently ask sci.anthropology for advice on grad school.
Posters often have to be taken to distant meetings.
Posters usually convey more specific information, such as maps of various data collection areas.
Posters usually list both the patent number and a description of the art they want to invalidate.
All poster pages a small gif images.
All posters are available signed by the artist.
All posters are full-color and are printed on heavy stock paper, perfect for framing.
All posters are in full color and very reasonably priced.
All posters are in good conditions,restored and on-linen.
All posters are in mint condition unless otherwise indicated.
All posters are in very good condition and are suitable for framing.
All posters are Japanese and come in Japanese sizes.
All posters are non-returnable items.
All posters are on a space available basis.
All posters are original.
All posters are originals unless listed as re-releases.
All posters are rectangular.
All posters are responsible for and own the information they provide to the list.
All posters are solely responsible for their own messages, and are the sole owners of their content.
All posters are the first original edition and their authenticity is absolutely guaranteed.
All posters are to be removed by six p.m. on the final day of the elections.
All posters are to be removed by the sponsoring group within one day following the advertised event.
All posters are unframed.
All posters come pre-framed in a color coordindated metal frame that compliments the art.
All Posters Get our weekly newsletter and find out about special sales and more.
All posters have English on one side and Spanish on the other.
All posters listed are double-sided unless otherwise noted.
All posters take full responsibility for their own comments.
All posters viewable as thumbnails or in larger image versions.
Many posters are for sale.
Many posters are on display in the basic science departments at any time.
Many posters have a weakness for what they take to be hard-hitting irony or sarcasm.
Many posters oppose the U.S. role in world politics.
Many posters prefer to do their own translations, and so post messages bilingually.
Many posters trace the economic development of the Cuban-American community in the United States.
Most posters are American, but British, Canadian, Soviet, and German posters are displayed also.
Most posters have full papers for details.
Most posters have too many words.
Most posters have visa numbers on the bottom.
Most posters post under an alias, or screen name.
Some poster have lightweight computers or are viewing from work and have limited time.
Some posters are also available in Spanish .
Some posters are also available.
Some posters are extremely rare, and just very few of the older ones have survived.
Some posters are pretty thick skinned, while others are less so.
Some posters are unnecessary.
Some posters feel that any manner of communication is acceptable and protected by free speech.
Some posters require more time.
Some posters show causes of pollution.
Posterior analysis is implemented via stochastic simulation.
Posterior analyzers are the most likely locus of encoding interference.
Posterior capsule is entirely intact.
Posterior contact is between the buccal cusp of the lower teeth and the upper acrylic occlusal pad.
Posterior contacts are undesirable during protrusive movements.
Posterior decompression involves laminectomy at the affected levels.
Posterior dislocation occurs when a backward force is applied when the foot is plantar flexed.
Posterior dislocations account for the majority of elbow dislocations.
Posterior dislocations are more common than anterior dislocations.
Posterior distribution depends on all available information.
Posterior drawer is negative.
Posterior elevation is very gradual.
Posterior flagellum extends free posteriorly.
Posterior fusion is a rewarding procedure with a high success rate.
Posterior limbs are absent externally, and the anterior limbs are enclosed in flippers.
Posterior lungs have air sacs.
Posterior lungs have sacs.
Most posterior lungs have air sacs.
Most posterior lungs have sacs.
Posterior molars erupt at the back of the row and slowly move forward.
Posterior part contains the intestine and reproductive system.
Posterior pharynx is in good color.
Posterior pituitary glands are part of pituitaries.
Posterior pituitary hormones regulate excretion.
Posterior pituitary hormones regulate water excretion.
Posterior pituitaries are part of pituitaries.
Posterior pituitaries release antidiuretic hormones.
Posterior pituitaries release hormones.
Most posterior pituitaries are part of pituitaries.
Most posterior pituitaries release antidiuretic hormones.
Posterior presentations can be very troublesome.
Posterior surface contains the pharyngeal tonsil that protects the body from infection.
Some posterior surfaces resist forces.
Some posterior surfaces resist strong forces.
Some posterior tentacles have capacity.
Some posterior tentacles have remarkable capacity.
Posterior teeth are relatively unaffected.
Posterior teeth possess posterior serrations, but no anterior serrations.
Posterior teeth sit in back.
Posterior wall fibroid with pregnancy.
Posterior wall has trachealis muscle to fill the gap between the C-rings.
Posterior wall is adjacent to anterior cranial fossa.
A posterior is a tooth
Posterior isa body part.
Posteriors are harder to pin down.
Posteriors are part of bodies.
Posteriors have (part) corpi.
Most posteriors are part of bodies.
A posterity is generation
Posterities are generation.
Posterity is a conceit for the living to consider.
Posterity is a most limited assembly.
Posterity is important.
Posterity is now.
Posterity is the crucible from which gold emerges.
Posterity is the patriotic name for grandchildren.
Posterity often does surprising things and adopts queer views.
Posters frames are posters, coming in plastic or glass cover frames.
Postexposure treatment involves prolonged administration of antibiotics and concomitant vaccination.
Postexposure treatment is with rabies immune globulin and human diploid cell rabies vaccine.
Postfire colonization depends on proximity of a seed source and wind dispersal.
Postfire mortality is apparently low.
Postfix expression contains only binary operators and is a valid expression.
Postfix operator is a neat way to put it.
A postfix is an affix
A postfix is an ending
Postfix aims to be an alternative to the widely-used sendmail program.
Postfix also has considerable support for stopping spam.
Postfix attempts to be fast, easy to administer and hopefully, secure.
Postfix attempts to be fast, easy to administer, and secure, while being sendmail compatible.
Postfix deletes the hard link in the maildrop queue directory, and logs a warning.
Postfix does no conversion, and the top level conversions seem to work just fine.
Postfix is a excellent alternative to sendmail or qmail.
Postfix is a free alternative to sendmail.
Postfix is a mail-deliver alternative to sendmail.
Postfix is a replacement for sendmail.
Postfix is also a good citizen.
Postfix is natural to Korean people since a verb comes after an object in Korean language.
Postfix is still really young.
Postfix is well known for being much more secure than sendmail and easier to configure as well.
Postfix represents a formula in postfix notation.
Postfix uses multiple layers of defense to protect the local system against intruders.
Postfix uses text based configuration files which are easy to read and reconfigure.
Postfix uses text files for config.
Postganglionic fibers connect the submandibular and sublingual glands.
Postganglionic neuron begins at ganglion to effector and is unmyelinated.
Postglacial topography is highly heterogeneous.
Postgraduate bachelors degree mainly by research.
Postgraduate bursaries are available.
Postgraduate certificate is designed particularly for non standard qualifications.
Postgraduate competition is offered in basketball and football.
Postgraduate courses are all three-hour courses.
Postgraduate courses are available for professionals working in the field.
Postgraduate courses are either fee paying or HECS liable courses.
Postgraduate courses are for people who have already done an undergraduate course.
Postgraduate courses are usually more expensive than undergraduate courses.
Postgraduate courses can be very time-consuming and intensive.
Postgraduate courses offer advanced studies at various levels in specialised areas.
Postgraduate courses range from graduate certificate to doctoral level.
Postgraduate courses require previous relevant experience, therefore most entrants are mature.
Postgraduate courses vary considerably in length, academic requirements, and type of tuition.
Postgraduate degrees are common in majors in the humanities and social sciences.
Postgraduate degrees can lead to professional employment as a sociologist in research or teaching.
Postgraduate education is open to individuals who have met the appropriate criteria.
Postgraduate education takes the form of research programmes.
Postgraduate exchange is available but on a case by case basis.
Postgraduate figures are even more impressive.
Postgraduate members have the same benefits as regular members.
Postgraduate membership is available on a one time basis to individuals.
Postgraduate programs are available to qualified graduates.
Postgraduate qualifications are also useful.
Postgraduate qualifications are an ideal building block for a successful career.
Postgraduate qualifications are essential for anyone considering an academic career.
Postgraduate registration takes place before each term.
Postgraduate research is about reaching and then advancing the frontiers of knowledge.
Postgraduate researchers are the lifeblood of our science base.
Postgraduate scholarships are available for both Australian and overseas students.
Postgraduate specialization is necessary for a number of positions.
Postgraduate students apply directly to the course.
Postgraduate students are also allocated offices.
Postgraduate students are also eligible arrangements are somewhat different.
Postgraduate students are also welcome to attend.
Postgraduate students are also welcome.
Postgraduate students are especially encouraged to attend.
Postgraduate students are especially welcome.
Postgraduate students are particularly welcome.
Postgraduate students are placed initially on the MSc register.
Postgraduate students are welcome to contribute papers, positions and ideas.
Postgraduate students are welcome.
Postgraduate students bring their own perceptions of the doctorate.
Postgraduate students can apply for a limited number of smaller private bursaries .
Postgraduate students can apply for a scholarship from the Finnish government.
Postgraduate students can borrow more items for a longer period of time.
Postgraduate students can earn extra money by teaching in tutorial classes and laboratories.
Postgraduate students come from all walks of life, and all sorts of backgrounds.
Postgraduate students have a special place in any university.
Postgraduate students have access to leading academics working at the frontiers of their subjects.
Postgraduate students have access to their own study room.
Postgraduate students have some borrowing rights.
Postgraduate students have their own research room and computer facilities.
Postgraduate students have years of study experience.
Postgraduate students represent the future of scientific research.
Postgraduate students require their supervisor's signature to authorise their registration.
Postgraduate students undertake their research and projects within one of the Research Groups .
Every postgraduate student is allocated a supervisor, or in some cases supervisors, on admission.
Postgraduate studies are available in clinical specialities and in research.
Postgraduate studies are in their very beginning.
Postgraduate studies prerequisites a MSc-degree.
Postgraduate studies take a lot of time.
Postgraduate studies vary in length.
Postgraduate study is a popular option.
Postgraduate study is a popular route for many agriculture graduates.
Postgraduate study is also vital to society as a source of knowledge and expertise.
Postgraduate study is another popular destination.
Postgraduate study is for everyone who believes in the value of learning.
Postgraduate study is open to both civilian and military personnel.
Postgraduate study is required.
All postgraduate study is underpinned by a strong research culture.
Postgraduate supervision is also available in Tibetan.
Postgraduate supervision is also available.
Postgraduate supervision is available in most areas of French linguistics .
Postgraduate theses represent a significant proportion of Australia's research activity.
Postgraduate training leading to masters and doctoral degrees is also available.
A postgraduate is a collegian
Postgraduate applicants No closing dates.
Postgraduates are a key part of our research activities and an important source of new ideas.
Postgraduates are eligible to join.
Postgraduates are especially welcome.
Postgraduates benefit from the wide range of philosophical activities in the department.
Postgraduates can also post messages to the list.
Postgraduates can, however, apply for entry to the course at the end of each year.
Postgraduates have accesses to their universit's student union, as do any other students.
Postgraduates have exclusive use of the departmental computing room.
Postgraduates have no contractual obligation to teach.
Postgraduates have the use of their own computer room in the department.
Postgraduates living in College also have meals included during term-time.
Postgraduates make up a large number of such casual part-time staff.
Postgraduates publish their work in the world's leading journals.
Postgraduates show more interest, and they are the academics of the future.
Postgraduates welcome to live on undergraduate floors if they wish.
All postgraduate taught courses are modular.
All postgraduates are welcome to attend.
Many postgraduates are self-funding.
Many postgraduates have access to a computer in their own department.
Most postgraduates get a chance to undertake some teaching within the section.
Postharvest heat treatments to reduce chilling injury in citrus fruit.
Postharvest infections produce fuzzy mycelial growth on the surface of the berries.
Postharvest pathogens produce polygalacturonase, a cell wall degrading protein, to decay fruit.
Postharvest rots can be a problem for many fruits and vegetables in the home garden.
Postherpetic neuralgia is a chronic pain condition that sometimes follows a case of shingles.
Postherpetic neuralgia is a chronic pain problem that can last from several months to many years.
Postherpetic neuralgia is a perplexing disorder in which pain develops due to herpes zoster.
Postherpetic neuralgia is difficult to treat, particularly in elderly patients.
Postherpetic neuralgia is one of the most intractable pain syndromes.
Postherpetic neuralgia is the result of nerve damage caused by shingles.
A posthole is a hole
Postholes are the holes in the ground into which the wooden posts for a fence or wall are placed.
Posthumous albums can mean big money.
Posthumous casting is then a matter of judgment by their heirs or executors.
Posthumous fame is more difficult to achieve than that gained during one's lifetime.
Posthumous fame is nothing new to pop music, but it's usually immediately posthumous.
Posthumous nominations are acceptable.
Posthumous nominations are ineligible for consideration.
Posthumous portraits are also available.
Posthumous receipt is denoted by an asterisk.
Postictal psychosis can follow a series of closely spaced seizures.
A postilion is a horseman
Postilion comfortably manages hundreds of mailboxes.
Postilion interfaces to a range of hardware security modules.
Postilion provides a robust, flexible solution that can grow with our business.
Postilions are horsemans.
Postindustrial society is itself a ghetto of failed external efforts at achieving self-esteem.
Posting also serves a valuable public education function.
Posting are for financing needs and sources.
Posting are free.
Posting are listing.
Posting are lists.
Posting are posting.
Posting are social events.
Posting are two different concepts.
Posting argues clearly and convincingly for writer's position.
Posting begins in the spring.
Posting depends on volunteer labor.
Posting does take a little bit of time like in all busier sites.
Posting enables batch posting and printing.
Posting Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Posting Guidelines Back to the theatre sound page.
Posting is a form of publication.
Posting is a free service to members, but job ads are available to all.
Posting is a three-step process.
Posting is a two step process.
Posting is a two-step process.
Posting is also a necessary safety tool for logging operations.
Posting is always easy when the area is adjacent to a nearby road and the walk isn t very far.
Posting is as easy as filling in a few boxes with text and pushing a button.
Posting is completely free.
Posting is completly free.
Posting is currently free of charge.
Posting is done about a week in advance.
Posting is done at least twice daily.
Posting is done by schools, districts, and independent agents seeking to fill teaching positions.
Posting is done by sending email to list's address.
Posting is done by the organizational representative.
Posting is done quite fast.
Posting is easy .
Posting is easy with the content completely controlled by the person posting.
Posting is easy.
Posting is extremely easy.
Posting is fast.
Posting is for advertising available positions or individuals only.
Posting is for information only.
Posting is for ONE job only.
Posting is for one job title, one location.
Posting is for production eqipment and vehicles only.
Posting is free and accessible by colleagues world-wide through the web.
Posting is free and affiliates are free.
Posting is FREE and details are added to the database in real time.
Posting is FREE and details are updated in real time.
Posting is free and so is the registration.
Posting is free to qualified organizations.
Posting is free, and without hassle.
Posting is free.
Posting is Free.
Posting is limited to members of the list.
Posting is limited to once per day.
Posting is limited to subscribers.
Posting is made easy.
Posting is open to all individuals accessing from a permissable upenn.edu host.
Posting is open to all.
Posting is open to anyone subscribed to the list.
Posting is open to everone on all lists except for the fgfs-announce list which is moderated.
Posting is otherwise unmoderated.
Posting is permitted on general university bulletin boards.
Posting is possible after registering.
Posting is really a synonym for emailing.
Posting is required at the work location.
Posting is required for all position vacancies.
Posting is required for outdoor applications.
Posting is restriced to staff only.
Posting is restricted to list members.
Posting is restricted to registered users only.
Posting is restricted to subscribers.
Posting is restricted to the administrator.
Posting is restricted to the local newsreader.
Posting is restricted.
Posting is reviewed for compliance.
Posting is still to come - soon.
Posting is subject to the sole discretion of the publisher.
Posting is the act of placing a message onto a newsgroup.
Posting is the activity that updates the other record type.
Posting is the easiest and most accurate method of identifying qualified internal candidates.
Posting is the procedure of taking information from the a. journal to the ledger.
Posting is the process of adding the individual reports to the database.
Posting is unidirectional.
Posting means distributing either an original article or a response to someone else's article.
Posting means that all accounts affected in the journal entry are updated in the ledger.
Posting notes all over the Internet.
Posting reduces the impact of the trot on both horse and rider.
Posting requires a simple and free registration of the agency or firm posting.
Posting requires approval of the faculty secretary.
Posting requires registration.
Posting resumes on our site is currently free of charge.
Posting seems to be relatively quick.
Posting serves s a notification that lawn care application occurred.
Posting vary from someone left on their car lights to conference announcements.
Postings also give full information about the nature of various types of appointment.
Postings appear in all three stations.
Postings appear just about every day.
Postings appear on the web and also on a bulletin board outside our sanctuary.
Postings are almost immediate, and replies come just as fast.
Postings are an exchange of information, ideas, and opinions.
Postings are anonymous, laughs and catharsis are free.
Postings are anonymous.
Postings are available for viewing on the Web.
Postings are available in multiple languages.
Postings are available on our Web site.
Postings are available on the website or via an email distribution list.
Postings are available to other newspapers and non newspaper publications for a fee.
Postings are available to other newspapers and non-newspaper publications for a fee.
Postings are available to our members to view free of charge.
Postings are available weekly via e-mail.
Postings are by email and the material is read by a newsreader.
Postings are by private individuals.
Postings are clickable for users to retrieve all other specific information immediately.
Postings are continuous throughout the year.
Postings are current, added over weekends.
Postings are date ordered with the most recent job announcement listed first.
Postings are due by midnight of the due date.
Postings are e-mailed to all members of a group.
Postings are entirely the responsibility of their authors.
Postings are fairly updated, but some have been listed for awhile.
Postings are fast and the search results seem to be quite relevant.
Postings are focused and controlled by a moderator and the consensus of the group.
Postings are for advertising available positions or individuals only .
Postings are for jobs worldwide.
Postings are for Minnesota employment only.
Postings are for the enjoyment of the people who visit here.
Postings are for three years.
Postings are free and available to all.
Postings are free for Members.
Postings are free of charge.
Postings are free.
Postings are from patients, survivors, loved ones, and caregivers of the lymphoma community.
Postings are fully customizable and can be edited, deleted or refreshed at no additional cost.
Postings are good for up to three months unless a renewal request is received.
Postings are immediately available online.
Postings are in both languages and the topic range is general in nature.
Postings are in both languages.
Postings are in English and Chinese.
Postings are in English.
Postings are in Spanish and English.
Postings are in Spanish.
Postings are informative and entertaining.
Postings are infrequent, usually no more than one or two a month.
Postings are infrequent.
Postings are likely to include separation from friends or partners.
Postings are limited to Eastern students, faculty and staff.
Postings are limited to notification of events and general announcements.
Postings are limited to one type written, single-spaced, letter size page.
Postings are limited to quilt history topics.
Postings are mainly for Canada, but some are for international positions.
Postings are mainly in Spanish but other languages spoken in the Iberian Peninsula are welcome.
Postings are mostly about teaching in general and about specific courses.
Postings are mostly in English, but are also welcome in Spanish and Portuguese.
Postings are neither confidential, nor privileged.
Postings are newest at the bottom, but all are valid.
Postings are non-moderated, and open to all.
Postings are now available indexed by year in chronological and reverse chronological order.
Postings are only good for one month from the date of the stamp.
Postings are only live for one week.
Postings are open to all non-profit community groups and organizations.
Postings are permanent and can be updated.
Postings are permanent, organized by topic, and easily accessible.
Postings are permanent.
Postings are received by all members of the list, so discretion is needed.
Postings are relatively quick and the search results are relatively fast.
Postings are searchable by location, job title, keyword, and company name.
Postings are searchable by title, location, salary range, designation, keyword and date.
Postings are searchable by users looking for specific employment.
Postings are solely the expressions and opinions of their authors.
Postings are sporadic, but moderated to a slight degree.
Postings are strictly a listing service for our members.
Postings are subject to approval by library staff.
Postings are subject to authorization based on relevance, timeliness, and request volume.
Postings are subject to change without notice.
Postings are subject to editing.
Postings are subject to webmaster review.
Postings are the sole responsibility of the author.
Postings are the sole responsibility of the poster.
Postings are to be consistent, week to week.
Postings are universally viewable and primarily news and announcement oriented.
Postings are unmoderated.
Postings are up for a limited time so come back often.
Postings are up for five working days.
Postings are up for ten working days.
Postings are updated daily, so check frequently.
Postings are up-dated regularly.
Postings are viewable for current days, by date and month.
Postings are welcome in any language, but only in roman characters.
Postings are welcome in both english and french.
Postings are welcome in both English and French.
Postings can also include news, opinions, observations, humor, announcements,or requests.
Postings can also require an owner's approval.
Postings can be anonymous, signed, or displayed with a photograph of the author.
Postings can be Chinese or English.
Postings can be concise and specific and yet hyperlink to more detailed resources.
Postings can be in any major European language.
Postings can be in English or French.
Postings can be in newsletter as well.
Postings can be political, informative, or just plain funny.
Postings can be slow as with most larger sites due to the volume they receive.
Postings can contain anything from a discussion of business to advertisements.
Postings can cover any topic of interest.
Postings can include a URL linking to more information.
Postings can include anything genealogical or historical pertaining to Hamilton County.
Postings can include anything genealogical or historical pertaining to Lawrence County.
Postings can include domestic as well as overseas positions.
Postings can include news, questions, answers, suggestions and opinions.
Postings change every day, so check back often.
Postings come immediately as separate e-mails.
Postings come mainly from academia and government.
Postings consist of a series of topic-specific messages.
Postings containing foul language, slander,and seditious material are unacceptable.
Postings Easily count how many times a student has posted in the Forums.
Postings generally range from various graduate assistantships to faculty and staff positions.
Postings generally remain for three months.
Postings Have an idea how to improve our site post it here.
Postings have the same status as assigned readings and problems from the textbook.
Postings here reflect an overall perspective on the Middle East.
Postings identified as Firm are available for immediate purchase.
Postings is a free service of Teachnet.
Postings made to newsgroups remain public as long as the newsgroup is online.
Postings occur at time of posting labor.
Postings occur on-line, interactively.
Postings occur roughly every couple of weeks.
Postings occur roughly once every week or two.
Postings range from clerical to executive.
Postings range from positions in history and math to alumni affairs.
Postings range from positions requiring a high school education to graduate degrees.
Postings range widely.
Postings related to specific surname searches are beyond the scope of the list.
Postings remain entirely uncensored.
Postings remain for a limited time, and are replaced by new ones.
Postings remain for four weeks and are organized geographically.
Postings remain for three months.
Postings remain on the internet for one year.
Postings remain on the site for three months.
Postings remain on-line for four weeks.
Postings remain until pets are reunited with the rightful owner.
Postings require user name and password.
Postings run the full range from janitors to CEOs.
Postings seem to come in spurts.
Postings seem to happen quite quickly.
Postings take a couple of weeks so be patient.
Postings tend to be spread throughout the week indicating frequent access to the discussions.
Postings then arrive daily via email.
Postings vary on a national basis with large and small design firms.
Postings often are open to the community as well.
Postings often have a U.S. or North American focus.
Postings sometimes take awhile to appear.
Posting usually takes a day or two.
Postings usually have a time limit, after which they are removed, or archived separately.
All posting are open to the public.
All postings appear courtesy of their respective authors.
All postings appear here with the permission of the various authors.
All postings are .zip files.
All postings are anonymous.
All postings are archived under thematic headings and the entire set of messages is searchable.
All postings are automatically e-mailed to all subscribers.
All postings are available via e-mail.
All postings are current.
All postings are extremely current - information is updated or deleted within two weeks.
All postings are free.
All postings are immediately searchable through the search form below.
All postings are private.
All postings are searchable in one operation.
All postings are subject to approval by the director or a designee of the director.
All postings are subject to approval prior to posting on Web site.
All postings are subject to approval.
All Postings are Subject to change without notice.
All postings are subject to change.
All postings are subject to editing for length, grammar, spelling and inflammatory content.
All postings are subject to review and selection.
All postings are subject to review by a content administrator.
All postings are subject to Turkeyshoot.net webmaster's approval.
All postings are subject to verification for authenticity.
All postings are temporary.
All postings are the responsibility of the User.
All postings are the responsibility of their authors.
All postings are the sole intellectual property of their respective writers.
All Postings are the sole responsibility of the person who transmitted such Postings.
All postings are the sole responsibility of the posting party.
All postings are time-critical, and lapse as soon as the expiry date is reached.
All postings are totally free and easily up datable.
All postings are welcome.
All postings are writer-specific.
All postings contain a date of posting.
All postings remain on the system for fifteen days.
All postings remain the property and sole responsibility of the person posting.
All postings remain the property of the author.
All postings require trade references to qualify as a legitimate opportunity.
Every posting is looked over by an editor before being posted to the homepage.
Every posting is reviewed before it is batched for matching.
Many postings are actually the same or similar to messages sent before.
Many postings are questions that people have about various drugs.
Many postings ask that materials be downloaded in their entirety and attribution given.
Many postings focus on human rights, trade, internet, native, poverty and technology issues.
Most postings are conference related.
Most postings are for experienced people with good knowledge of relief and development issues.
Most postings are for faculty positions in higher educational institutions.
Most postings are serious discussions by researchers.
Most postings are U.S. locations.
Most postings have a web page, street address, or telephone number in the copy.
Most postings last a minimum of two years.
Most postings relate to programming and management issues.
Some postings are brilliant, some are less brilliant, some are inane, some are utterly unfathomable.
Some postings are for several countries .
Some postings indicate that there is an interest list associated with it.
Some postings listed are from executive search firms whose fees are paid by the employer.
Some postings never receive a reply, either.
Some postings represent companies that have sales of USB .
Postitive curvature means compact and finite fundamental group.
Postitive twist lock to adjust length.
Postive reinforcement is effective in training.
A postman is an employee
Postman also offers a number of admittedly radical innovations toward making schools more effective.
Postman also points out that some technologies come in disguise .
Postman argues that loss of symbols contributes to a loss of tradition.
Postman argues that the latter belief is the more common one, and that it's dangerously wrong.
Postman argues that the United States is the only country to have developed into a technopoly.
Postman argues that today's media are obsessed with providing more information.
Postman asserts that social scientists are actually closer to novelists than to scientists.
Postman combines fantasy and reality flawlessly.
Postman comes along and makes stupid remarks to the microphone in the middle of the sequence.
Postman comes in two themes - light and dark.
Postman credits the invention of movable type printing to the idea of childhood.
Postman goes on to explain the effects of an emotion based form of communication on politics.
Postman is a sexist word, because it automatically assumes that the person is a Man.
Postman is absolutely correct and the locals here know that.
Postman is designed for internet users that have more than one email address.
Postman is email software that supports multiple account sending, receiving, and composing.
Postman isa employee.
Postman lectures on the modern crisis in American education.
Postman loosely defines technology to include polls, schools and languages.
Postman notes that amazingly, the people stayed, listened and paid attention.
Postman observes that the age of typography has been replaced by the age of television.
Postman offers numerous settings to customize the environment.
Postman points out that a sea-change has occurred in our information environment.
Postman rails against television's influence on youngsters.
Postman s emphasis on the middle ground embodies the mindset of the average Washingtonian.
Postman seems like a medical drama at times.
Postman seems to embrace a very technophobic attitude towards society.
Postman speaks of alienation from society and from the democratic tradition of public discourse.
Postman suggests three gods which have acquired allegiance within our schools.
Postman thinks the story of human history are what give people meaning.
Postman writes eloquently, is delightfully sarcastic and always a pleasure to read.
Postman writes for a broad audience.
Postmans are books.
Postmans are located in post offices.
Postmans are mail carriers.
Postmans do jobs.
Postmans have (part) arms.
Postmans have (part) body substances.
Postmans have (part) cell membranes.
Postmans have (part) cells.
Postmans have (part) corpi.
Postmans have (part) cytoplasm.
Postmans have (part) heads.
Postmans have (part) human bodies.
Postmans have (part) legs.
Postmans have (part) material bodies.
Postmans have (part) necks.
Postmans have (part) nuclei.
Postmans have (part) personality.
Postmans have (part) plasma membranes.
Postmans have (part) sections.
Postmans have (part) vacuoles.
Postmans have hands.
Postmans understand information.
Postmen can really be some of the more helpful people.
Postmen come slower.
Postmen do it at the front entrance.
Postmen seem to delight in ignoring warnings on the box to protect from freezing.
Most postmans do jobs.
Most postmans understand information.
Some postmans cite examples.
Some postmans describe causes.
Some postmans examine modes.
Some postmans introduce concepts.
Some postmans lose jobs.
Some postmans serve health.
Postmarital residence is called utrolocal, which is an equivalent concept to ambilocal residence.
Postmark date affects workshop scheduling.
Postmark date applies.
Postmark date determines deadline.
Postmark date is acceptable.
Postmark date is irrelevant.
Postmark deadlines are strict.
A postmark is a mark
Postmarks are acceptable.
Postmarks are markers.
Postmarks determine priority of placement in classes.
Postmarks have no bearing on whether a document is timely filed.
Postmarks indicate where and when a piece of mail was sent.
Postmarks used at Honolulu constitute a separate study.
A postmaster is a master
Postmaster can create default rejection rules than can be overridden by the users.
Postmaster can create newsgroups under the columbia hierarchy for the same reasons as mailing lists.
Postmaster does the rest.
Postmaster is a premier program.
Postmaster is a user friendly, time saving outbound email and snail mail database manager.
Postmaster is an excellent online marketing tool with many time saving features.
Postmaster is one of the most effective and professional systems available.
Postmaster is the default contact for any domain.
Postmaster literally takes minutes to what use to be hours to accomplish.
Postmaster offers features such as file attachment capabilities and a personal address book.
Postmaster unveils new comic stamps.
Postmasters are accountable for the face value of all postage stock consigned to their offices.
Postmasters are located in offices.
Postmasters are located in post offices.
Postmasters are masters.
Postmasters are people.
Postmasters continue to be concerned about contraction of the double-postage rule.
Postmasters managing e-mail in a company have a duty to the company.
Postmasters say rural residents have several options for protecting their mail.
Postmaster usually updates the central alias file once a day.
Postmedian line is white bordered with black on the inside edge.
Postmenopausal life is characterised by increased cardiovascular and osteoporotic risk.
Postmenopausal osteoporosis is caused by the loss of estrogen after menopause.
Postmenopausal osteoporosis is osteoporosis in women caused by the loss of estrogen after menopause.
Postmenopausal osteoporosis is responsible for a large number of fractures in elderly women.
Postmenopausal status is the major risk factor for osteoporosis.
Postmenopausal women are at greater risk for heart disease and osteoporosis .
Postmenopausal women are at higher risk for associated fractures.
Postmenopausal women are especially vulnerable to osteoporosis because of hormone changes.
Postmenopausal women are more likely to suffer a heart attack than men.
Postmenopausal women are most at risk for osteoporosis because of decreasing levels of estrogen.
Postmenopausal women are particularly at risk from osteoporosis.
Postmenopausal women are the most likely group to suffer from osteoporosis.
Postmenopausal women are therefore at highest risk for osteoporosis and subsequent fractures.
Postmenopausal women are women.
Postmenopausal women become subject to osteoporosis and risk of coronary heart disease.
Postmenopausal women can also benefit from an increased level of estrogen stimulated by the alcohol.
Postmenopausal women can pick any day of the month to examine their breasts.
Postmenopausal women given calcium alone show progressive bone de-mineralization.
Postmenopausal women have much higher levels of homocysteine.
Postmenopausal women take steps to reduce osteoporosis risk.
Postmenopausal women take steps to reduce their osteoporosis risk.
Postmenopausal women tend to carry fat at their abdomen, due to changes in sex hormones.
Postmenopausal women tend to excrete more calcium than they ingest.
Postmillennial hope is an aspect of Biblical soteriology.
Postmitotic neurons migrate tangentially in the cortical ventricular zone.
Postmodern art is a very modern invention.
Postmodern criminology looks for changing correlations rather than high correlations.
Postmodern culture is more post-Christian.
Postmodern culture is saturated with the visual.
Postmodern culture uses art-writing in media.
Postmodern cynicism adopts a critical stance while supporting the persuasive enterprise.
Postmodern expression can make a postmodern artist of anyone with the right hardware and software.
Postmodern form responds to the conditions of the modern world.
Postmodern individuality is a retail product.
Postmodern irony proves no match for gentle shagadelic silliness.
Postmodern ism is, of course, a scholarly philosophical movement.
Postmodern literature is more ontological in nature.
Postmodern pastiche is about cultural memory as a history of seeing and writing.
Postmodern psychology argues for the erasure of the category of self.
Postmodern science includes quantum theory, indeterminacy, and chaos.
Postmodern science sees a changing mix of order and disorder in every complex system.
Postmodern sociology tends to stress the lightness of being.
Postmodern spirituality is even different from postmodern philosophy.
Postmodern theology is rotten in the whole.
Postmodern theory is often times criticized for being ethnocentric, and rightly so.
Postmodern youth know all about limits, about disillusionment and suffering.
A postmodernism is a genre
Postmodernism accepts that the self is fragmented and fluid.
Postmodernism advertises itself as pluralistic, tolerant, and non-dogmatic.
Postmodernism argues for academic freedom.
Postmodernism begins with a loss of faith in the dreams of modernism.
Postmodernism can be humble or hubristic.
Postmodernism celebrates diversity, the multiplicity of perspectives.
Postmodernism celebrates evanescent flows, a state of no boundaries, the transgressive.
Postmodernism challenges the elevated status of scientists and scientific knowledge.
Postmodernism confuses reason with belief.
Postmodernism contains many provocative concepts.
Postmodernism creates a world-view which is ultimately untenable and unlivable.
Postmodernism criticizes the traditional aspirations of reason.
Postmodernism defines itself in contrast to modernism.
Postmodernism denies the existence of an objective reality.
Postmodernism denies the possibility of metanarratives.
Postmodernism describes a new approach to questions of truth.
Postmodernism dismantles the humanism of modernity.
Postmodernism disrupts tradition.
Postmodernism dissolves the modern certainties, using modern logic itself.
Postmodernism embraces a pluralistic approach to gender, sexual orientation, and ethnicity in art.
Postmodernism emphasizes certain contradictions within modernism that are manifested here.
Postmodernism generally rejects all forms of absolutism.
Postmodernism goes different directions here.
Postmodernism has a broad consciousness of history and a short memory.
Postmodernism has a clear and simple definition.
Postmodernism has much to offer.
Postmodernism helpfully stresses the use of the aesthetic.
Postmodernism includes the distrust of all universal discourses, including the Bible.
Postmodernism involves only two theses, really.
Postmodernism is a dead-end street because it evacuates all content of truth and moral objectivity.
Postmodernism is a metaphysics which denies the validity of metaphysics.
Postmodernism is a movement that is evident in many forms of media.
Postmodernism is a movement which encapsulates the arts, science, society, and culture.
Postmodernism is a multi-layered concept or worldview, acting against the modern worldview.
Postmodernism is a philosophy that is used to look at the world in a new way.
Postmodernism is a reaction against the rational system of Western modernity.
Postmodernism is a reaction to modernism.
Postmodernism is a reaction to, or better, a rejection of the ideology of modernity.
Postmodernism is a situation.
Postmodernism is a stealth-destroyer.
Postmodernism is a term aptly applied to the melange of musical styles in most major films.
Postmodernism is a way of thinking about culture and thought .
Postmodernism is a way of thinking about culture and thought.
Postmodernism is about an old world dying and a new world unable to be born.
Postmodernism is about connecting, combining, erasing lines, taking down walls.
Postmodernism is about history.
Postmodernism is an easy case.
Postmodernism is an elephant-sized topic.
Postmodernism is an evolving creature which many people are trying to understand.
Postmodernism is characterized by an increasing plurality of beliefs.
Postmodernism is characterized by commodification and an emphasis on the present.
Postmodernism is characterized by nihilism and radical subjectivity.
Postmodernism is concerned with all surface, no substance.
Postmodernism is distrustful of all authority and dogmatism.
Postmodernism is essentially a rebellion against modernism.
Postmodernism is funny looking at roots instead of a flower.
Postmodernism is in many ways a blessing.
Postmodernism is inherently dependant on an individual s interpretation.
Postmodernism is just a Western phenomenon within the overall context of modernity.
Postmodernism is made for contemporary times.
Postmodernism is no better or worse than modernism just different.
Postmodernism is of course composed by two parts post and modern .
Postmodernism is often opposed to modernism .
Postmodernism is part and parcel of the old modernism plus a hundred years of accumulated baggage.
Postmodernism is perhaps the most significant trend facing the church today.
Postmodernism is portrayed as nothing more than a fad of the intelligentsia.
Postmodernism is similar.
Postmodernism is simply a transition from modernism to something as yet unnamed.
Postmodernism is something new created in the present and something old borrowed from the past.
Postmodernism is surface over depth, simulation over the real, play over seriousness.
Postmodernism is suspicious of subject-centered reason or philosophies of consciousness.
Postmodernism is the intellectual's accommodation to the problem.
Postmodernism is the popular development that followed modernity and moral relativism.
Postmodernism is the post-marxist incarnation of the leftist emancipatory urge.
Postmodernism is the rejection of the hegemony of even a fragment of epistemology.
Postmodernism is thus inherently nostalgic and political .
Postmodernism is wrong to oppose conceptual models.
Postmodernism means the end of materialism, of naturalism.
Postmodernism notes the culpability of rationality.
Postmodernism only confirms the old prejudice.
Postmodernism plays on the ambiguity, contradiction, and confusion of the text.
Postmodernism poses threats to people's thinking in a number of areas.
Postmodernism postulates that reality is in the mind of the beholder.
Postmodernism presents new challenges to cultures and the church.
Postmodernism proclaims the truth that truth is an illusion.
Postmodernism proves itself to be an historical truth.
Postmodernism provides a good critique of modernism.
Postmodernism puts enchantment and mystery back into psychology.
Postmodernism puts the recognition of the ungrounded variety of assumptions first .
Postmodernism radically redefines truth.
Postmodernism reaches the pastry cart.
Postmodernism rejects any religion that claims to be the only ultimate truth.
Postmodernism rejects modernism's autonomous individualism and all that follows from it.
Postmodernism rejects the idea of absolute truth and, along with that, objective ethical standards.
Postmodernism rejects the idea of objective truth and universal social progress .
Postmodernism rejects the idea of objective truth and universal social progress.
Postmodernism represents an all-out assault on truth, knowledge and meaning.
Postmodernism says it is arrogant to judge another religion as wrong or inferior.
Postmodernism speaks of interdependence.
Postmodernism speaks of styles again.
Postmodernism strives to deconstruct or unravel social, cultural, and human differences.
Postmodernism suggests a radical change in culture.
Postmodernism suits the Middle Ages and vice versa.
Postmodernism teaches one to fill in the silences.
Postmodernism thus rests upon a defective foundation.
Postmodernism too can no more exist than it can be avoided.
Postmodernism troubles identity.
Postmodernism typically stands for irony, political awareness, or cynicism.
Postmodernism universalizes cultures into insularity.
Postmodernism validates the nonintentional.
Postmodernism wrongly assumes that language is unconnected with the real world.
Postmodernisms are genres.
Postmodernism frequently offers an indefensible foundational thesis.
Postmodernism often combines aspects of both popular and literary culture.
Postmodernism sometimes makes it public enemy number one.
Postmodernist deconstruction bears witness to the Other of Western rationalism.
Postmodernist ideas express another dimension.
Postmodernist label includes many diverse intellectual trends.
Postmodernist philosophy is old subjectivist wine in new bottles .
Postmodernist rhetoric argues that the content of any science is social.
Postmodernist thinkers see all 'concepts' as a product of society.
Postmortem clots are cord like and elastic.
Postmortem examination has characteristic hemorrhage in the intestines.
Postmortem examination reveals pale pigs that appear gaunt with a thickening of the ileum.
Postmortem investigations are in progress.
Postmortem lesions indicate congestion of the lungs, myocardilum, adrenals, and liver.
Postmortem studies indicate an atrophy of the cerebellum, pons, and inferior olives.
A postmortem is an examination
Postmortems offer just that advantage.
Postnatal depression is different than the baby blues, however.
Postnatal depression is more severe and affects one woman in ten.
Postnatal depression is the answer.
Postnatally observations are fairly informal - ensuring mother and baby are well is top priority.
Postneonatal deaths refer to deaths after the first four weeks but before the end of the first year.
Postnuptial agreements can supersede some aspects of state divorce laws.
Postnuptial contracts have requirements similar to antenuptial contracts.
Postop enhancement is facilitated.
Postoperative adhesions are the primary cause of occlusion of the small bowel.
Postoperative analgesia is a major advance and is actively practiced by anesthesiologists.
Postoperative analgesia is usually of only brief duration.
Postoperative angina is an increasing problem.
Postoperative angiogram shows satisfactory clipping and normal configuration of the parent arteries.
Postoperative care continues until a patient has fully healed from the operation.
Postoperative care includes information and guidance necessary for attaining a successful recovery.
Postoperative care is covered, including exercises.
Postoperative care is detailed and cases reviewed.
Postoperative care is focused on early extubation, chest tube removal, and, patient's mobilization.
Postoperative care is minimal.
Postoperative care is outlined in the protocol.
Postoperative care is similar for both procedures.
Postoperative care is similar to that described for bone graft cases.
Postoperative care is similar to that for the vasectomy.
Postoperative care is similar to that of traditional repair techniques.
Postoperative care is usually uneventful unless the appendix has ruptured.
Postoperative complications are also more common in demented patients.
Postoperative complications are very rare, and include bleeding, throat pain, and scarring.
Postoperative complications can include reperfusion injury to the lung and pulmonary vasospasm.
Postoperative complications increase with the extent in abnormally positioned third molars.
Postoperative complications occur primarily when surgery is accomplished by inexperienced surgeons.
Postoperative complications reduce with increasing use of modified vulvectomies.
Postoperative discomfort is often a major concern for patients and their families.
Postoperative dosimetry is recommended for all patients using various techniques.
Postoperative dressing is rigid plaster of paris cast.
Postoperative edema is decreased because lymphatic vessels are also cauterized.
Postoperative hypocalcemia can be severe because of bone hunger syndrome.
Postoperative hyponatremia is more common and more severe in menstruating females.
Postoperative infection is a threat to the successful operation of a cochlear implant.
Postoperative infections are a serious and costly complication of orthopedic surgery.
Postoperative management is the same as for prosthetic arthroplasty.
Postoperative nausea is relieved by acupressure.
Postoperative outcome depends on the disease being treated.
Postoperative outcome is effected by the perioperative status of patients.
Postoperative pain can also be well-controlled.
Postoperative pain can be a significant deterrent to dental treatment.
Postoperative pain can be present due to a nerve being clipped.
Postoperative pain is also approximately the same.
Postoperative pain is mild.
Postoperative pain is one of the major challenges in ambulatory anesthesia practice.
Postoperative pain is substantially less.
Postoperative pain is usually minimal.
Any postoperative pain is controlled easily with medication.
Postoperative patients are at risk for pneumonia from atelectasis.
Postoperative prognosis is dependent on the stage of the disease at the time of surgery.
Postoperative ptosis is usually temporary.
Postoperative radiotherapy can improve local control in patients with advanced thymoma.
Postoperative radiotherapy improves survival in squamous cell carcinoma of the hypopharynx.
Postoperative radiotherapy is added to the tumor bed region for stage II disease.
Postoperative radiotherapy is advised in all malignancies.
Postoperative recovery is relatively short.
Postoperative recurrence is the rule in Crohn s disease.
Postoperative rehabilitation consists of two parts.
Postoperative rehabilitation requires immediate refractive correction.
Postoperative result is superimposed over tip modifications.
Postoperative results are normally good.
Postoperative stroke is a devastating complication for both men and women.
Postoperative symmetry is the greatest concern to both the patient and surgeon.
Postoperative vomiting causes patients distress and delays discharge after outpatient surgery.
Most postoperative wounds heal completely without complication.
Postorbital ridges are instinct or absent.
Postovulatory eggs are ovarian follicles that have been ovulated into the oviduct.
Postpartum aggression is elevated following prenatal progesterone exposure.
Postpartum blues are common during the three months after childbirth.
Postpartum care is also an opportunity to address family planning needs.
Postpartum care is given in a private suite.
Postpartum depression affects many women and in differing degrees.
Postpartum depression affects nearly one in ten new mothers, and in varying degrees of intensity.
Postpartum depression can be quite intense.
Postpartum depression can cause feelings of anxiety or isolation after delivery.
Postpartum depression can develop anywhere from two weeks to four months after delivery.
Postpartum depression can happen to anyone, regardless of age, social status, or background.
Postpartum depression can last anywhere from a couple of weeks clear up to a year.
Postpartum depression is a common, and serious, problem affecting many women following childbirth.
Postpartum depression is a condition of progesterone deficiency after the birth of a baby.
Postpartum depression is a condition that is very treatable.
Postpartum depression is a major depressive episode following the delivery of a child.
Postpartum depression is a serious condition that affects one in ten new mothers.
Postpartum depression is an illness, like diabetes or heart disease.
Postpartum depression is caused from the drop in pregnancy hormones after birth.
Postpartum depression is devastating to many women and their families.
Postpartum depression is documented as a women's health problem on the rise.
Postpartum depression is misunderstood, but needs to be watched carefully.
Postpartum depression is more than the baby blues.
Postpartum depression is often more intense following the birth of a third child.
Postpartum depression is related to the hormonal fluctuations following childbirth.
Postpartum depression is the best-known form of parental depression.
Postpartum depression is the grief that follows the helplessness in the face of male violence.
Postpartum depression is the most important factor in weight loss success.
Postpartum depression is thought to be caused by low levels of the hormone cortisol.
Postpartum depression is treated much like any other depression.
Postpartum depression lasts longer, is more intense, and often requires counseling and treatment.
Postpartum depression responds to antidepressants, talking therapy, and group support.
Postpartum depression tends to set in later after birth, and past six weeks.
Postpartum depressions are diseases.
Postpartum distress is a common result of the extraordinary process of pregnancy and birth.
Postpartum hemorrhage is the bleeding that occurs during childbirth.
Postpartum hemorrhage is the third most common cause of maternal death in childbirth.
Postpartum psychosis consists primarily of depression and mania with psychotic features.
Postpartum psychosis is a frightening and devastating mental illness.
Postpartum psychosis is a rapidly changing state of confusion, agitation, and affective lability.
Postpartum psychosis is a serious emergency and requires immediate medical attention.
Postpartum psychosis is a serious emergency and requires immediate medical help.
Postpartum psychosis is the rarest and most severe of all postpartum disorders.
Postpartum sex is a whole other article.
Postpartum thyroiditis can occur a few months after delivering a baby.
Postpartum values are similar to preconception values.
Postponement requests are due one month before the exam.
A postponement is a delay
Postponement causes a definite financial inconvenience for the surviving spouse.
Postponement is permissible on the grounds of the infant's health.
Postponement is possible due to the many factors out of the directors control.
Postponements are delays.
A postposition is a place
Postpositions are common in language with SOV order, like Dravidian.
Postpositions are places.
Postpositions are rare in English.
Postpositions are suffixes that add grammatical functions to nouns.
Postpositions can govern various cases.
Postprandial levels inhibit autophagy completely.
Postrevolutionary societies are always interesting.
Postscript device ignores title if it is too long.
Postscript diagrams are acceptable.
Postscript documents are already properly formatted, so they pass through directly.
PostScript documentation is in cons.ps.
PostScript documentation is included.
Postscript driver is available.
PostScript emulation supports only downloadable scalable fonts.
Postscript file contains EPSF graphs and includes all non-standard fonts.
Postscript file contains the slides from the conference presentation.
Postscript files are a very commonly used file format, particularly among the sciences.
Postscript files are also available there.
Postscript files are also available.
Postscript files are available for all papers.
Postscript files are good for printing, but pdf files are usually better for viewing on the screen.
Postscript files are high resolution.
Postscript files are huge, but ready to print.
Postscript files are platform and device independent.
Postscript files are too large for printing.
Postscript files are useful with a postscript printer or a postscript reader such as ghostview .
Postscript files are viewable on more platforms.
Postscript files print nicely on postscript printers.
Postscript files require a postscript viewer such as ghostview.
Postscript files require the use of a viewer such as ghostview to view the postscript file.
Most postscript files have the extension .ps .
Postscript fonts are higher quality true imaging fonts.
PostScript fonts are more attractive than with the other output formats.
Postscript fonts are more reliable and produce better image quality.
PostScript fonts are preferable.
Postscript fonts are preferred.
Postscript fonts are the industry standard for reliability.
Postscript fonts consist of two files, a screen font and a printer font.
Postscript fonts describe type as a series of lines rather than a series of dots.
Postscript fonts have two parts.
Postscript format is preferred for applications sent through E-mail.
Postscript format is required.
Postscript graphics are resolution-independent graphics that are primarily used in publishing.
Postscript images show a surface plot, frequency histogram, and u and v projections.
PostScript instructions are available on the Web submission form.
PostScript instructions are only possible for certain printers, like high-end laserwriters.
PostScript line joins controlled to avoid spikes.
PostScript output is available.
PostScript output is directed to a printer using lpr unless otherwise specified using the -p option.
PostScript output is scalable in size and resolution too.
Postscript output is supported.
PostScript output is supported.
PostScript output is very small.
PostScript output is written to the stan- dard output.
PostScript output is written to the standard output.
Postscript output produces quads.
Postscript printing is available for each printer.
Postscript printing is now in color.
Postscript queue have names ending on ps text queues have names ending on ansi .
Postscript source is also available.
Postscript sources are also available for many of the images.
Postscript version is available here .
Postscript version is available here.
Postscript version is here .
Postscript version View the references from our preprint.
Postscript versions are also available for both normal and duplex printers.
Postscript versions are also available for downloading.
Postscript versions are available as individual files or as compressed tar file .
Postscript versions are the entire manual in one file are created irregularly.
A postscript is a note
Postscript allows for smoother text and graphics compared to a calligrapher's shaky hand.
Postscript can contain executable code.
Postscript can fill areas bound by such lines if they form a closed path.
Postscript Consider a version of the argument, put differently.
Postscript describes objects on a page mathematically, rather than using a rigid bitmap.
Postscript includes operators for manipluating files.
Postscript includes operators for manipulating files.
Postscript is a common denominator for a number of printers and image producing equipment.
Postscript is a common format for doc ument files on the Internet.
Postscript is a format supported by most printers.
Postscript is a language used by many printers to print documents.
Postscript is a more complex language and is used in printers that handle complex graphics.
Postscript is a page description language understood by many high-end printers.
Postscript is a plus.
Postscript is a programming language that can delete files or call programs.
Postscript is a programming language that describes output to an output device.
Postscript is a programming language used to make publication-ready output files.
Postscript is a stack based.
Postscript is a very versatile printer description language.
Postscript is a widely-used graphical programming language.
Postscript is acceptable for the published version of poster presentations.
Postscript is also available.
Postscript is available for the asking.
Postscript is available too .
Postscript is available too.
Postscript is available.
Postscript is best but a big raster image is OK only slower and bigger.
Postscript is one of the most elegant and powerful pieces of software ever developed.
Postscript is to difficult for a normal user.
Postscript prevents alteration of the material by the referee.
Postscript provides high resolution output, including graphics and high resolution fonts.
Postscript solves many otherwise impossible or complicated compatibility issues.
Postscript welcomes the submission of essays on literature, language, theory and pedagogy.
Postscripts are notes.
Postscripts are part of letters.
Postscripts are programming language.
Postscripts mean exactly what they refer.
Postsecondary data comes from institutions and from system offices.
Postsecondary education can be an excellent investment.
Postsecondary education includes college and vocational education programs.
Postsecondary education is a basic requirement for many jobs in innovation-based companies.
Postsecondary education is about overall learning while focusing on a specific field.
Postsecondary education is preferred.
Postsecondary education plays a key role in Nebraska's economic development.
Postsecondary education provides the means toward career success and personal satisfaction.
Postsecondary institutions achieve candidacy through meeting the criteria of one of two commissions.
Postsecondary institutions can use funds to strengthen security.
Postsecondary institutions charge fees in addition to the mandatory fees described here.
Postsecondary institutions do tend to be more complex than most organizations.
Postsecondary institutions finance their submissions of data to the projects.
Postsecondary institutions have an important role to play in reducing loan defaults.
Postsecondary institutions plan to increase their delivery of distance education.
Postsecondary institutions rely heavily on part-time faculty.
Postsecondary placement tests stress fundamental skills and concepts.
Postsecondary programs are concerned about grades.
Postsecondary students attend one year for six hours per day or two years for three hours per day.
Many postsecondary students participate in internship programs to gain retail experience.
Some postsecondary teachers work for online universities or teach online classes.
Poststroke depression correlates with cognitive impairment and neurological deficits.
Postsurgical drainage is essential.
Postsynaptic calcium is sufficient for potentiation of hippocampal synaptic transmission.
Postsynaptic neuron receives the signal.
Postsynaptic neurons display receptors to which the neurotransmitter binds.
Posttax contributions are nontaxable when withdrawn.
Postthrombotic syndrome is an important late complication after deep vein thrombosis in pregnancy.
Posttranscriptional control is also important in regulating sperm gene expression.
Posttreatment discomfort is moderate, and long-term results are good.
Posttreatment relapses are common.
A postulant is a petitioner
Postulants also continue formal and informal education.
Postulants are petitioners.
Postulants attend the novitiate classes.
Postulants have the same statistics a peasants, but have no maintenance costs.
Postulants have the same statistics as peasants.
Postulants share other chores such as preparing the guestrooms or mowing the lawn.
Postulants wear a long white kerchief on their heads, which covers their foreheads completely.
Postulate is a proposition
Postulate is propositions.
Postulates are statements of belief that reflect a group's basic orientations.
Postulates are the basic structure from which lemmas and theorems are derived.
Postulates means accepted statements of fact.
Postulates underpin the theory of the major branches of physical science.
Postumous memoirs recalls the times.
Postural adjustment is a good example of a category of compensatory intervention.
Postural attitudes are frequently archaic.
Postural behaviors consist of two components, postural orientation and postural equilibrium.
Postural changes can become a daily occurance.
Postural deformities are common.
Postural drainage is a method that used gravity and body positioning to help remove secretions.
Postural drainage reveals a change in color, amount or consistency of the sputum.
Postural hypotension can occur if treatment is initiated too quickly.
Postural hypotension is a temporary form of low blood pressure that causes light-headedness.
Postural hypotension is another side effect.
Postural hypotension is hypotension
Postural imbalances are very often due to the shortening of muscles and related fascia.
Postural instability can also cause patients to walk with a stooped posture.
Postural instability is a direct result of imbalance in the body's pedal foundation.
Postural instability is a late symptom typically emerging ten or more years into the disease.
Postural instability is common.
Postural kyphosis is flexible and gradual and usually can be corrected voluntarily by the patient.
Postural mechanisms act by altering the efficacy of spinal reflexes.
Postural mechanisms act to stabilise and maintain position of the body.
Postural muscles have a tendency to become overactive, hypertonic, weak and shortened in length.
Postural problems tend to kick in the moment an individual embraces desk culture.
Postural reflexes are commonly impaired with anteropulsion, retropulsion, and en-bloc turning.
Postural scoliosis is a scoliosis caused by postural misalignment.
Postural scoliosis is quite correctable.
Postural tension make other areas of the body more vulnerable to strain and fatigue.
Postural tremor is present while voluntarily maintaining a position against gravity.
Postural tremor occurs while a patient is trying to maintain a pose, such as raising the hands.
Posture affects and moderates every physiological function from breathing to hormonal production.
Posture affects keyboarding skill.
Posture also appears to play a role.
Posture also involves how the head is held.
Posture also plays a part in cat language.
Posture becomes more linear and easier.
Posture becomes stooped.
Posture Bending at the waist is required to place the carton on the pallet.
Posture can affect how excess fluid is held in the body.
Posture can also improve traction and footing, and help one to minimize overall fatigue.
Posture can be as important as politics when it comes to the intelligentsia.
Posture can be as subtle as the worried wrinkles around they eye or as obvious as a strike or kick.
Posture can be improved, and the sooner the better, the therapists say.
Posture can improve.
Posture can suffer after a whiplash injury.
Posture carries over into the saddle.
Posture continues to be an issue, of course.
Posture greatly influences breathing.
Posture has everything to do with a person's physical and mental health.
Posture has no such design.
Posture has very little to do with voice production.
Posture improves and the body firms up.
Posture influences melatonin concentrations in plasma and saliva in humans.
Posture involves the relative positioning of the ball, club and body parts.
Posture is a dynamic process of movement.
Posture is a fundamental aspect of motor control.
Posture is a key factor in establishing social position and threatening challengers.
Posture is a key ingredient in allowing the breath to move freely through the throat.
Posture is a moving platform on which the cosmonaut stands and carries out specified actions.
Posture is a position of the body while sitting, standing or lying down.
Posture is a property
Posture is a springboard for movement.
Posture is a very important factor to consider when meditating.
Posture is affected due to an increase in rigidity of one s back extensors.
Posture is an extremely important nonverbal.
Posture is an important component for both optimal running performance and elimination of pain.
Posture is an internal event.
Posture is another aspect of body language.
Posture is another intimidating toil.
Posture is configurations.
Posture is considered very important in Zen Buddhist practice.
Posture is crucial - sit straight, with firm shoulders pulled back and the chest forward.
Posture is everything on the uphill.
Posture is everything, club manager.
Posture is everything.
Posture is extremely important.
Posture is important as well.
Posture is important for walking comfort.
Posture is important in both speed walking and racewalking.
Posture is important when gardening.
Posture is important whether at work or at rest.
Posture is important while sleeping.
Posture is important.
Posture is improved and ones self-confidence is increased.
Posture is in no way related to the development of the disease.
Posture is likely to be slouched and eye contact is difficult.
Posture is low to the ground to contrast the previous step.
Posture is one of the cornerstones of good health.
Posture is the first order of business.
Posture is the key to a correct setup.
Posture is the key to balance.
Posture is the position of body parts in relation to each other.
Posture is the result of many underlying processes and tensional relationships throughout the body.
Posture is tilted .
Posture is unimportant.
Posture is used to indicate the wolf's position in the pack.
Posture is very important to maintain abdominal health.
Posture is very important.
Posture is very much a part of our lives.
Posture isa property.
Posture needs to be checked regularly, especially with an upright instrument.
Posture plays a key role in tension headaches.
Posture plays an important part in eliminating rolls.
Posture plays an important role in the health and fitness of our bodies.
Posture refers to the body's alignment in relation to gravity, space and motion.
Posture requires energy to overcome gravity.
Posture Stand up straight.
Posture supports helps promote good posture.
Posture translates into body language for the seeing world.
Postures are gentle stretching movements designed to help balance the mind and body.
Postures are used to communicate aggression and appeasement.
Postures develop muscle tone, strength, flexibility, body alignment and physical awareness.
Postures encourage release of anxiety, relaxation, and a reduction in stress.
Postures focus upon improving strength and balance through a variety of stretches.
Postures improve oxygen intake, strengthen the lungs and improve digestion.
Postures straighten, demeanors mature, voices sweeten.
All postures here flow into one another simply and peacefully.
Every posture has an equal and opposite postures to remove any tension from the spine.
Every posture involves breathing.
Many postures work specifically to open the chest, allowing a more efficient breathing cycle.
Some postures can give immediate and noticeable benefit.
Some postures exert direct pressure on the kidneys helping to eliminate waste products.
Some postures gently massage the abdominal organs and ease bowel spasms.
Some postures have the function of moistening the lung and stomach, some of nourishing kidney-yin.
Postvaccinal encephalitis is the most serious complication in otherwise healthy individuals.
Postwar abundance sparks the rise of the suburbs and the decline of downtowns.
Most postwar apartments come fully loaded with amenities.
Postwar cities tend to be less dense than the older major cities.
Postwar documents are available in microfilm.
Postwar documents are available on microfilms, which can be searched in directories.
Postzygotic barriers are without exception controlled genetically.
Postzygotic isolation exists between the two frog species.
Pot bellies live on a diet of plant material, roots and insects.
Pot culture is different, though, since the roots have absolutely nowhere to go to survive.
A pot farm is a garden
Pot farms show drug traffickers going high-tech.
Pot heads tend to be listless.
Pot holes require more work.
Some pot holes are more than a foot deep.
Pot Island is pockmarked with potholes gouged out by the glacier.
Pot life is decreased when large quantities are mixed and as material temperature increases.
Pot life is extended through continuous chilled water circulation system.
Pot life is inversely proportionate to temperatures.
Pot life is long.
Pot life is shorter at higher temperatures.
Pot life is very long and the ink is stable on the screen.
Pot liquor is stock
Pot liquor is the water in which the vegetables are cooked.
Pot luck means that everyone brings a dish of food to share.
Pot lucks are a good example.
A pot marigold is a calendula
Pot marigold makes an attractive cut flower.
A pot marjoram is a herb
Pot marjoram has white or pink flowers.
Pot metal is alloy.
Pot metal is an alloy that is inexpensive and easily cast into complex shapes.
Pot metal is cast irons.
Pot metal is like a recipe melted in a pot containing combinations of tin, antimony and lead.
Pot metal is metal
Pot metal is virtually irrepairable.
Pot pie is the fruit cobbler of meat and vegetable stews for Dutch oven cooks.
Pot plants are plants.
Pot plants develop roots.
Pot plants develop woody roots.
Pot plants have water.
Pot plants need water.
Pot plants outgrow containers.
Pot plants show adverse effects.
Pot plants show effects.
Most pot plants develop roots.
Most pot plants develop woody roots.
Most pot plants have water.
Most pot plants show adverse effects.
Most pot plants show effects.
Pot racks come with all necessary hardware for hanging or mounting, plus hooks.
All pot racks listed below are regularly stocked items.
A pot roast is a joint
Pot roast is now fast food for families with no time to cook.
Pot stickers are a popular Asian dumpling that can be fried, steamed, or simmered in a broth.
Pot stickers are also popular.
Pot stills are used for making alcohol like whisky.
A pot is a cooking utensil
A pot is a vessel
Pot burst out like mattress stuffing.
Pot changes perceptions.
Pot contain along all success if understand sponges.
Pot die Knee in either apple on little France.
Pot eases pain , settles the stomach, builds weight and steadies spastic muscles.
Pot eases pain, settles the stomach, builds weight and steadies spastic muscles.
Pot eases pain, settles the stomach, builds weight, and steadies spastic muscles.
Pot feel add style to pots, planter boxes and anything else that needs an elegant elevation.
Pot growing is difficult because the nutrients are used in varying amounts.
Pot hunting on federal or most state lands is illegal.
Pot isa utensil.
Pot isa vessel.
Pot rack in kitchen.
Pot remember Knee throughout either apple in little France.
Pot roast A large piece of meat browned in fat quickly and then cooked in a covered pan.
Pot roast beats a burger because it's leaner and comes with vegetables.
Pot stand and windscreeen weight are extra.
Pot stays clean.
Pot stays in the bloodstream far longer than heroin.
Pot tends to put a person in a stupor and affects a person's thought process.
Pot therefore is the code-word for pato .
Pot use impairs one's ability to reason and make decisions, and slows reaction time.
Pots absorb heat.
Pots add ritual and ceremony to life.
Pots also make the displaying more flexible due to the mobility of pots.
Pots are a continuous source of frustration to users.
Pots are a different beast as well.
Pots are also a source of income for the entrepreneurs.
Pots are also available.
Pots are cannabises.
Pots are ceramic, while flowers are made of polyester fabric with foam and wire.
Pots are containers.
Pots are cooking utensils.
Pots are direct mounted into a PCB so there is a serious chance for breaking the solder joints.
Pots are hard to keep watered everyday.
Pots are located in backpacks.
Pots are located in commercial kitchens.
Pots are located in cupboards.
Pots are located in drawers.
Pots are located in greenhouses.
Pots are located in kitchens.
Pots are located in porchs.
Pots are located in restaurants.
Pots are made of clay.
Pots are names.
Pots are pans.
Pots are smoldered in fires of dung, coal or wood.
Pots are stakes.
Pots are still available for purchase at most of the shops.
Pots are storage devices.
Pots are tools.
Pots are tough enough to be cleaned and reused.
Pots are used for boiling liquids, like soups or stew.
Pots are used for boiling water.
Pots are used for storage.
Pots are vessels.
Pots at homes.
Pots can be either plastic or clay.
Pots can be heavy and hard to move after they are full of soil.
Pots can be square or round, big or small, natural or man-made.
Pots can easily be over watered.
Pots catch the flow from the rainy roof leaks.
Pots come in a variety of sizes.
Pots conduct heat.
Pots dry out faster than soil in ground-level beds, especially quickly in the summer.
Pots fill with mixture.
Pots fill with soil mixture.
Pots fly through the air.
Pots have (part) brims.
Pots have (part) sections.
Pots have liners.
Pots have lips and shoulders and feet.
Pots have their bottom drainage holes blocked off.
Pots hold boil water.
Pots hold heat.
Pots hold water.
Pots made of plastic and fiberglass are lightweight, nonporous and durable.
Pots made of zinc and white wood and silk flowers add to the atmosphere.
Pots offer drainage.
Pots offer sufficient drainage.
Pots pensar que aix porta a interfer ncies.
Pots provide aeration.
Pots provide drainage.
Pots provide excellent aeration.
Pots provide permeable surfaces.
Pots provide surfaces.
Pots remain upright.
Pots tend to oxidize after a few years, causing noises when turned.
Pots use for soup.
Pots work beautifully.
Pots work, but seem almost irrelevant.
All pots are lead free and food safe.
All pots are now in private or public collections.
Every pot cooks different.
Every pot is distinctly different from the next.
Many pots come with a built in timer.
Most pots absorb heat.
Most pots are as deep as they are wide.
Most pots conduct heat.
Most pots fill with mixture.
Most pots fill with soil mixture.
Most pots have a small opening which allows the fetish to come and go as it pleases.
Most pots have liners.
Most pots hold boil water.
Most pots hold heat.
Most pots hold water.
Most pots offer drainage.
Most pots offer sufficient drainage.
Most pots provide aeration.
Most pots provide drainage.
Most pots provide excellent aeration.
Most pots provide permeable surfaces.
Most pots provide surfaces.
Most pots use for soup.
Some pots affect drainage.
Some pots allow for aeration.
Some pots are for the garden and are also made in unglazed earthenware.
Some pots are made of clay.
Some pots are made of wax.
Some pots can serve double duty as a baking oven.
Some pots come with embossed patterns.
Some pots contain bacteria.
Some pots contain beans.
Some pots contain bottom drainage holes.
Some pots contain bottom holes.
Some pots contain dormant roots.
Some pots contain drainage holes.
Some pots contain grow plants.
Some pots contain holes.
Some pots contain plants.
Some pots contain roots.
Some pots contain seeds.
Some pots contain spinach plants.
Some pots contain warm water.
Some pots contain water.
Some pots contribute to moisture.
Some pots cover with glass.
Some pots feature drainage slits.
Some pots feature wide slits.
Some pots fill with charcoal.
Some pots fill with compost.
Some pots fill with free drain seeds.
Some pots fill with fresh compost.
Some pots fill with moist seeds.
Some pots fill with moss.
Some pots fill with own compost.
Some pots fill with sand.
Some pots fill with seeds.
Some pots fill with sieve compost.
Some pots have adequate drainage.
Some pots have big enough effects.
Some pots have drainage holes.
Some pots have drainage.
Some pots have effects.
Some pots have excellent drainage.
Some pots have good drainage holes.
Some pots have good drainage.
Some pots have holes.
Some pots have plants.
Some pots have plastic.
Some pots have plenty.
Some pots offer choices.
Some pots sit in trays.
Some pots use compost.
Some pots use pot compost.
Potable water can be difficult to find on the parkway.
Potable water does exist in a very few communities.
Potable water is a valuable resource in arid Australia.
Potable water is available and boat rentals, docks and a ramp are nearby.
Potable water is available as are restrooms accessible to the disabled public.
Potable water is available at both campgrounds.
Potable water is available at each site.
Potable water is available at each slip with no additional charge and gear boxes can also be rented.
Potable water is available at the campground host site.
Potable water is available from hydrants throughout the campground area.
Potable water is available from the shower house.
Potable water is available in each campground.
Potable water is available in the front lot and at the dump station around the corner.
Potable water is available on both islands.
Potable water is available on site, and a dump station is nearby.
Potable water is available on site.
Potable water is available throughout the expedition.
Potable water is available.
Potable water is close by but there is no dump station nor sewer connection in the park.
Potable water is defined as ice free, uncontaminated water, fit for animal consumption.
Potable water is difficult to obtain in high-altitude environments.
Potable water is easily accessible near every site.
Potable water is hard to come by and getting harder.
Potable water is located at stations throughout the park also.
Potable water is no longer a birthright.
Potable water is obtained from a nearby stream.
Potable water is produced by a desalinization plant.
Potable water is rare.
Potable water is supplied and sampled publicly.
Potable water is supplied by a series of deep wells perforated within the park's property.
Potable water is supplied by the City of Fort Worth.
Potable water is supplied by three on-site domestic wells.
Potable water is supplied by truck.
Potable water is supplied either publicly or privately.
Potable water is supplied to every slip at no charge.
Potable water is tapped through artesian wells, both deep and shallow.
Potable water is treated to destroy fecal coliforms which can make people ill if ingested.
Potable water is used for drinking, cooking and personal hygiene.
Potable water is vital to the camper and trail rider.
Potable water is water fit for human consumption.
Potable water is water that is suitable to drink.
Potable water is, however, available at restrooms and shelters.
Potash supply is particularly important for the development of flavour.
A potash is hydroxide
Potash burns the dough by wrapping it in tin foil and placing it at the bottom of the oven.
Potash deals several good hands to farmers and exporters hoping to win orders.
Potash forms a strongly alkaline solution with water and is frequently used in manufacturing soap.
Potash helps produce flowers and fruit, and makes fruit taste better.
Potash is vital here, because it builds up disease resistance.
Potash varies in color from pink or red to white depending on the mining and recovery process used.
Potashs are minerals.
Potassium acetate is a biodegradable liquid de-icer with good ice melting capacity.
Potassium acetate places a lower oxygen demand on receiving waters than does urea.
A potassium alum is aluminum
Potassium alum is a common hardening agent.
Potassium alum is added and the skins are then oiled with our special bagpipe recipe.
Potassium alum is one of the worlds finest astringents.
Potassium alums are chemical compounds.
Potassium arsenate is a white solid .
Potassium arsenate is a white solid.
Potassium arsenate is made by reacting amounts of potassium hydroxide with arsenic acid .
Potassium arsenate is made by reacting amounts of potassium hydroxide with arsenic acid.
Potassium bicarbonate is an additive in fire extinguishers.
Potassium bicarbonate is carbonate
Potassium bicarbonate is used in the production of soft drinks.
Potassium bicarbonate reduces urinary nitrogen excretion in postmenopausal women.
Some potassium bicarbonate reduces excretion.
Some potassium bicarbonate reduces nitrogen excretion.
Some potassium bicarbonate reduces urinary excretion.
Some potassium bicarbonate reduces urinary nitrogen excretion.
Potassium bichromate is used for abundant, string, sticky, greenish-yellow mucous secretions.
A potassium bromide is salt
Potassium bromide is a salt, like sodium chloride, and can cause stomach upset.
Potassium bromide is used as a veterinary drug, as an antiepileptic medication for dogs.
Potassium bromide is used in photography, engraving and lithography, and in medicine as a sedative.
Potassium bromide works by competing with chloride ions for access to brain tissues.
Potassium bromides are chemical compounds.
Potassium bromides are crystal.
Potassium bromides are inorganic compounds.
Potassium bromides are ionic compounds.
Potassium bromides are salt.
Potassium carbonate is a salt.
Potassium carbonate is a valuable nutrient for plants.
Potassium carbonate is a white solid.
Potassium carbonate is added to the second test tube.
Potassium carbonate is basic and as such, is generally used in basic media.
Potassium carbonate is carbonate
Potassium carbonate is carbonate.
Potassium carbonate is chemical compounds.
Potassium carbonate is found to effect the most enhancement of reaction rate at all compositions.
Potassium carbonate is inorganic compounds.
Potassium carbonate is ionic compounds.
Potassium carbonate is salt.
Potassium channel mutation provides evidence.
Potassium channel agonists cause penile erection in cats.
Potassium channels act as brakes, slowing the conduction.
Potassium channels are a diverse and widespread family of channels.
Potassium channels are a diverse group of ion channels.
Potassium channels are ion channels.
Potassium channels help set the resting membrane potential of the cell.
Potassium channels maintain the resting potential.
Potassium channels modulate cerebral autoregulation during acute hypertension.
Potassium channels pass potassium ions and in the heart act to end each beat.
Potassium channels play a very important role in regulating neuronal excitability.
Potassium channels regulate tone in rat pulmonary veins.
Some potassium channels provide conductance.
Some potassium channels provide potassium conductance.
A potassium chlorate is salt
Potassium chlorate is a key ingredient in many pyrotechnics, and is a potent oxidizing agent.
Potassium chlorate is a strong oxidizing agent and can catch many things on fire.
Potassium chlorate is heated in a test tube.
Potassium chlorates are chemical compounds.
Potassium chlorates are salt.
Potassium chloride extended-release capsules are an electrolyte replenisher.
Potassium chloride is a dry granular material that can be mixed with dry N materials.
Potassium chloride is a high-potency, synthetic source of potassium.
Potassium chloride is a human poison by ingestion.
Potassium chloride is an eye irritant.
Potassium chloride is chemical compounds.
Potassium chloride is chloride
Potassium chloride is chloride.
Potassium chloride is crystal.
Potassium chloride is found as a mineral.
Potassium chloride is found in many salt substitutes.
Potassium chloride is found in most foods but is significant primarily in salt substitutes.
Potassium chloride is heated very hot until it melts.
Potassium chloride is highly water soluble.
Potassium chloride is highly water-soluble.
Potassium chloride is inorganic compounds.
Potassium chloride is ionic compounds.
Potassium chloride is moderate eye irritant.
Potassium chloride is potentially lethal if used improperly.
Potassium chloride is produced in four major size grades.
Potassium chloride is salt.
Potassium chloride is similar to sodium chloride, and can be used as a partial substitute for it.
Potassium chloride is the salt of potassium after it's reacted with hydrochloric acid.
Potassium chloride is toxic in very large amounts.
Potassium chloride is used as a healthier alternative to table salt.
Potassium chloride is used as a substitute for the common salt, sodium chloride.
Potassium chloride is, therefore, usually the correct management together with sodium chloride.
Potassium Chloride stops heart.
Potassium chromate is chemical compounds.
Potassium chromate is crystal.
Potassium chromate is incompatible with acetone.
Potassium chromate is ionic compounds.
Potassium chromate is no doubt a chemical toxin.
Potassium chromate is very toxic.
Potassium citrate helps stone patients bind calcium and lessen the urinary amount.
Potassium citrate is a mineral salt.
Potassium citrate is a natural form of potassium.
Potassium citrate is administered orally and metabolized to bicarbonate in the liver.
Potassium citrate is an excellent 'flusher'.
Potassium citrate is chemical compounds.
Potassium compounds are used in soap, fertilizer, explosives, and matches.
Most potassium compounds are nontoxic.
Potassium cyanide is a crystalline substance.
Potassium cyanide is cyanide
Potassium cyanide is used for silver plating and for dyes and specialty products.
Potassium deficiencies are more common on very sandy soils or where root systems are restricted.
Potassium deficiencies are rare in turf in Indiana soils.
Potassium deficiencies can encourage kidney problems.
Potassium deficiencies can show up on greens, especially in late fall.
Potassium deficiencies cause death.
Potassium deficiencies cause premature death.
Potassium deficiencies cause premature leaf death.
Potassium deficiencies weaken stalks.
Potassium deficiency becomes first evident in older leaves.
Potassium deficiency can lead to cardiac dysfunction and muscular weakness.
Potassium deficiency can lead to irregular heart beat and fatigue.
Potassium deficiency causes stunted growth with leaves close together.
Potassium deficiency causes urinary ammonium wasting.
Potassium deficiency causes yellowing of the leaves, starting at the outer edges.
Potassium deficiency is common in most species of palms in Florida.
Potassium deficiency is perhaps the most widespread and serious of all disorders in Florida palms.
Potassium deficiency is rare in horses.
Potassium deficiency is rare when a balanced diet is kept.
Potassium deficiency is uncommon in the United States.
Potassium deficiency reduces tree growth, yields and fruit quality.
Most potassium deficiencies cause death.
Most potassium deficiencies cause premature death.
Most potassium deficiencies cause premature leaf death.
Potassium depletion causes calcium loss.
Potassium depletion exacerbates essential hypertension.
Potassium depletion leads to intracellular acidosis and causes hypocitraturia.
Potassium depletion leads to irregularity.
Most potassium depletion leads to irregularity.
Potassium dichromate is salt
Potassium dichromate is used widely as a bleach for photographic development.
Potassium feldspars are highly dissolved and are altering to kaolinite.
Potassium feldspars contain considerable potassium.
Potassium ferricyanide is red.
Potassium ferrocyanide is ferrocyanide
Potassium ferrocyanide is used to test for iron in solution.
Potassium fertilizer is best applied broadcast and incorporated into the soil prior to planting.
Potassium fertilizer is important to maximize the legume yield in a timothy-legume mixed stand.
Potassium fertilizer needs based on a soil test.
Potassium fertilizers can burn shallow roots if applied at high levels.
Most potassium fertilizers are highly water soluble.
Potassium fluoride is a colorless crystalline solid.
Potassium fluoride is chemical compounds.
Potassium fluoride is inorganic compounds.
Potassium fluoride is made by reacting potassium carbonate with hydrofluoric acid.
Potassium fluoride is somewhat toxic.
Potassium hydride is generally more reactive than sodium hydride.
Potassium hydroxide is a hazardous substance used to remove impurities from chemical products.
Potassium hydroxide is a strong alkali and an important industrial chemical.
Potassium hydroxide is a very strong base, and is used to control the pH of various substances.
Potassium hydroxide is bases.
Potassium hydroxide is chemical compounds.
Potassium hydroxide is corrosive to tissues.
Potassium hydroxide is crystal.
Potassium hydroxide is hydroxide
Potassium hydroxide is ionic compounds.
Potassium hydroxide is somewhat more corrosive than sodium hydroxide.
Potassium hydroxide is toxic substances.
Potassium hydroxide is used as an electrolyte .
Potassium hydroxide is used as an electrolyte.
Potassium hydroxide is used in the electrolyte of alkaline cells.
Potassium hydroxide makes liquid soap.
Potassium hydroxide makes soft soaps like shaving creams.
Potassium hydroxide serves as the electrolyte.
Potassium ion is released by contracting cardiac and skeletal muscle.
Potassium ions are an essential component of plant nutrition and are found in most soil types.
Potassium ions are colorless and similar to sodium ions.
Potassium ions are ions.
Potassium ions are necessary for the function of all living cells.
Potassium ions are negative, so the inside of a cell has a slightly negative charge.
Potassium ions are very important to organisms.
Potassium ions are, however, under the most interesting ions in biological environments.
Potassium ions can burn, similar to salt when someone eats too much.
Potassium ions enter the cell.
Potassium ions flow freely into or out of cells when the channels are open.
Potassium ions flow out and sodium ions flow in.
Potassium ions increase the activity when the system contains both magnesium and sodium ions.
Potassium ions leave the cell.
Potassium ions move into the cells to maintain ionic balance.
Potassium ions move out of the cell and the electrical potential becomes more negative.
Potassium ions move out of the cell in exchange for hydrogen ions that move into cell.
Potassium ions move out of the cell through the open potassium channels.
Potassium manganate is a green solid.
Potassium manganate is a moderate oxidizing agent.
Potassium manganate is an example.
Potassium metal is a major fire risk since it catches fire when reacting with water.
Potassium metal is an example of a pyrophoric material.
Potassium metal is dropped in a lake.
Potassium metal is produced by combining potassium chloride with sodium metal at high temperatures.
Potassium metal is very dangerous and can form an explosive coating if it is kept in air.
Potassium nitrate is a colorless solid.
Potassium nitrate is a common nitrate.
Potassium nitrate is a little toxic.
Potassium nitrate is a primary ingredient of fireworks.
Potassium nitrate is a strong oxidizer.
Potassium nitrate is a very rich source of oxygen.
Potassium nitrate is believed to prevent the protein from denaturing in the acidic milieu.
Potassium nitrate is chemical compounds.
Potassium nitrate is crystal.
Potassium nitrate is inorganic compounds.
Potassium nitrate is ionic compounds.
Potassium nitrate is nitrate
Potassium nitrate is nitrate.
Potassium nitrate is one of the safer sources of potassium.
Potassium nitrate is the main explosive ingredient in gunpowder.
Potassium nitrate is toxic substances.
Potassium nitrate is used in explosives.
Potassium nitrate is used in producing matches and explosives.
Potassium nitrate needs to be very hot before it melts .
Potassium nitrate needs to be very hot before it melts.
Some potassium nitrate causes gastroenteritis.
Potassium perchlorate is a colorless crystalline solid.
A potassium permanganate is a permanganate
Potassium permanganate can induce a spontaneous abortion.
Potassium permanganate can pose a hazard to eyes and skin during handling, so always wear gloves.
Potassium permanganate can serve as a disinfectant and deodorizer and is used in water purification.
Potassium permanganate has the capacity to remove specific gases such as formaldehyde.
Potassium permanganate is a caustic alkali that oxidizes organic molecules in water.
Potassium permanganate is a potent oxidizer and used as a disinfectant.
Potassium permanganate is added as an oxidizing agent in reducing the odor levels.
Potassium permanganate is added dropwise to each.
Potassium permanganate is added to water during the treatment process to disinfect it.
Potassium permanganate is an example.
Potassium permanganate is another chemical for taste and odor control.
Potassium permanganate is more common.
Potassium permanganate is used as an oxidizing agent.
Potassium permanganate is used to re-oxidize the ferrous ion back to ferric ion.
Potassium permanganate used in pesticide products is derived from commercial producers.
Potassium permanganates are chemical compounds.
Potassium permanganates are permanganates.
Potassium salt Is the most widely used form.
Potassium salts are also a common component of fertilizers.
Potassium salts are essential for both animals and plants.
Potassium salts are extremely toxic when injected.
Potassium salts can replace sodium salts.
Potassium salts have many commercial uses.
Potassium sorbate is relatively tasteless but is more costly than sodium benzoate.
Potassium Sorbate is the very soluble salt of sorbic acid.
Potassium sulfide is a colorless solid when it is pure.
Potassium sulfide is made by reacting potassium with sulfur.
Potassium supplements are also available in pill and liquid form.
Potassium supplements are neither necessary nor recommended for the general population.
Potassium supplements help prevent and treat potassium deficiency in people taking diuretics.
Potassium supplements increases chance of heartbeat irregularities.
Potassium supplementation helps to avoid deficiency.
Potassium supplementation is contraindicated when a potassium-sparing diuretic is given.
Potassium Activates certain enzymes.
Potassium affects several major organs including the heart.
Potassium affects the body's electrical system, which regulates the heart beat.
Potassium allows plants to complete a normal life cycle.
Potassium also acts as a vasodilator, reducing blood pressure.
Potassium also aids the heart's functions.
Potassium also burns in air easily, to make the peroxide or the superoxide.
Potassium also helps in the digestion of food and in the proper function of the eyes.
Potassium also helps in transmission of electrochemical impulses needed by the human nervous system.
Potassium also helps protect plants from drought and diseases.
Potassium also helps regulate blood pressure and allows the heart and kidneys to function properly.
Potassium also helps regulate blood pressure, nerve impulses, and muscle contractions.
Potassium also helps to maintain a regular, normal heart rhythm.
Potassium also helps to regulate blood pressure.
Potassium also inhibits the release of a hormone called renin from the kidneys.
Potassium also is necessary for cellular enzymes to work properly.
Potassium also offers promise as a kidney-guarding mineral.
Potassium also plays an important part in the formation of sugars and starches.
Potassium also plays an important role in the functioning of our kidneys.
Potassium also promotes healthy digestion and strong bones.
Potassium also promotes root development in the fall and early spring.
Potassium also regulates blood pressure and maintains proper water balance in cells.
Potassium also supports the normal functioning of the heart, muscles, kidneys and blood.
Potassium appears to be one of the ions responsible for the condition.
Potassium balances the amount of sodium in cells.
Potassium becomes more important once the forage has been established and harvested.
Potassium behaves much like nitrogen, in that it dissolves quickly.
Potassium burns with a lilac colored flame.
Potassium can accumulate to higher levels before the problems develop.
Potassium can be surface broadcast, broadcast incorporated or banded below the seed.
Potassium can move into and out of cells.
Potassium can potentially help to prevent constipation.
Potassium can reduce high blood pressure.
Potassium can treat high blood pressure caused by high salt intake.
Potassium carries a tiny electric charge, serving as an electrolyte.
Potassium causes calcium retention in healthy adults.
Potassium channels Potassium channel openers is a new class of cardiovascular drug.
Potassium combines with sodium.
Potassium conducts electricity.
Potassium contained in the oil is effective for maintaining our cardiovascular health.
Potassium contributes to vigor and color, and seed formation.
Potassium controls blood pressure.
Potassium controls heart activity and maintains fluid balance.
Potassium encourages strong root growth, water uptake and triggers enzymes that fight disease.
Potassium even helps prevent strokes that are unrelated to high blood pressure.
Potassium exists in the body as a positively charged electrolyte.
Potassium explodes in a furious reaction.
Potassium flows from the bloodstream into muscle cells.
Potassium flows out until the cell is again negatively charged on the inside.
Potassium forms many important compounds.
Potassium gives grass plants drought, disease and cold tolerance.
Potassium gives soft soaps and sodium gives hard soaps.
Potassium going to Argon-goes back farthest in time.
Potassium has (part) atoms.
Potassium has a lower first-ionization energy than lithium.
Potassium has a strong alkalizing effect and changes the pH of the urine.
Potassium has an important role in blood pressure treatment.
Potassium has an important role in metabolism.
Potassium has key functions for many body processes.
Potassium has major roles in cell metabolism and in nerve and muscle cell function.
Potassium has many functions in the body.
Potassium has no organic fraction and is immediately available to plants.
Potassium has qualities important for electrolyte balance.
Potassium helps against the effects of heat.
Potassium helps balance fluids in cells, which, if low, can cause painful muscle cramps.
Potassium helps calcium excretion.
Potassium helps control fluid balance, an important factor in blood pressure regulation.
Potassium helps control high blood pressure .
Potassium helps excretion.
Potassium helps fight off disease and encourage strong stem growth.
Potassium helps keep the blood circulating.
Potassium helps lower blood pressure Potassium supplements have been found to lower blood pressure.
Potassium helps lower high blood pressure by aiding the excretion of sodium.
Potassium helps maintain fluid regulation and normal pH. All three help normalize.
Potassium helps maintain the normal function of the heart and nervous system.
Potassium helps plant grow strong root systems and promotes disease resistance.
Potassium helps plants to fight off diseases.
Potassium helps reduce calcium loss and lowers blood pressure.
Potassium helps regulate blood pressure.
Potassium helps regulate fluid retention.
Potassium helps regulate water balance, and blood pressure which are affected by stress.
Potassium helps regulate water balance, calm nerves and relax muscles.
Potassium helps the kidneys retain calcium, rather than sending it out into the urine.
Potassium helps the plant withstand stress, disease and insect damage.
Potassium helps to balance body fluids.
Potassium helps to reduce the amount of sodium in the body.
Potassium helps to stabilize blood pressure.
Potassium helps too.
Potassium helps turfgrasses survive stress.
Potassium hydride presents a more serious fire hazard than sodium hydride.
Potassium improves a plant s ability to cope with stress.
Potassium improves fruit deep green color, firm flesh, shape, and overall yields.
Potassium improves overall vigor of the plant.
Potassium improves the cell's intake of nutrients and expulsion of waste.
Potassium improves the quality of the leaf 's physical appearance and burning properties.
Potassium increases plant resistance to disease and high and low temperatures.
Potassium increases the metabolism.
Potassium influences both skeletal and cardiac muscle activity.
Potassium iodide can minimize the uptake of radioactive iodide.
Potassium iodide can reduce potassium permanganate to potassium manganate.
Potassium iodide finds use in photography.
Potassium iodide is a reasonable, prudent and inexpensive supplement to evacuation and sheltering.
Potassium iodide is a salt, similar to table salt.
Potassium iodide is added and the solution, when swirled, looks like the image on the left.
Potassium iodide is added to table salt to virtually eliminate the goiter.
Potassium iodide is effective as a thyroid blocking agent.
Potassium iodide is one of the most common iodides.
Potassium iodide is prepared commercially from iodic acid and potassium bicarbonate.
Potassium iodide is taken by mouth.
Potassium iodide is the ingredient that is routinely added to table salt to make it A iodized.
Potassium iodide is the same substance added to iodized salt.
Potassium iodide is used as a heat stabilizer and a catalyst in synthetic fiber manufacturing.
Potassium iodide is used in photography.
Potassium is a body salt carefully controlled by the kidneys.
Potassium is a common element found in many materials, such as micas, clay, tephra, and evaporites.
Potassium is a common mineral associated with muscle cramping.
Potassium is a constituent of all plant and animal tissue and a vital component of fertile soil.
Potassium is a critical component of all cells.
Potassium is a critical regulator of apoptotic enzymes in vitro and in vivo.
Potassium is a health factor for animals and humans, as well as plants.
Potassium is a heart-healthy mineral.
Potassium is a hydrator and allows the skin to retain moisture.
Potassium is a key plant element.
Potassium is a key player in helping plants to overcome moisture stress.
Potassium is a key synapse carrier.
Potassium is a macronutrient.
Potassium is a major mineral.
Potassium is a metal.
Potassium is a metallic inert chemical.
Potassium is a mineral and can be found in many foods.
Potassium is a mineral found in certain fruits and vegetables.
Potassium is a mineral found in many foods, especially milk, fruits, and vegetables.
Potassium is a mineral found in salt substitutes, some fruits, vegetables, milk, chocolate and nuts.
Potassium is a mineral important for maintaining normal bodily functions.
Potassium is a mineral that has been linked to depression.
Potassium is a mineral that helps with regulating heart and blood pressure regulating mechanisms.
Potassium is a mineral that is important to the normal functioning of cells in the body.
Potassium is a mineral that is normally removed by the kidneys and by dialysis.
Potassium is a mineral which appears in abundance in all living plant and animal cells.
Potassium is a mineral, like calcium .
Potassium is a new addition to the list of substances for bone health.
Potassium is a normal dietary constituent.
Potassium is a nutrient required by the bacteria to aid in digestion of the organic materials.
Potassium is a nutrient that helps to lower blood pressure.
Potassium is a nutrient that is kept at a very strict threshold within the body.
Potassium is a primary element in all cell fluid.
Potassium is a regulator.
Potassium is a soft gray metal.
Potassium is a soft, silver-white metal.
Potassium is a soft, silvery-white metal, member of the alkali group of the periodic chart.
Potassium is a trace mineral essential for growth and good health.
Potassium is a vegetable alkali, and sodium is a mineral alkali.
Potassium is a versatile nutrient in plants and is involved in many metabolic processes.
Potassium is a very common element and is present in most natural substances.
Potassium is a very important mineral to the human body.
Potassium is a very important salt.
Potassium is a widely used ionization suppressor in atomic absorption spectroscopy.
Potassium is absorbed through the intestines and is stored in the cells and kidney's.
Potassium is abundant in fruit, vegetables, and milk products.
Potassium is abundant in most natural, unprocessed foods, particularly fresh fruits and vegies.
Potassium is alkali metal.
Potassium is almost always deficient in prefresh rations in order to avoid milk fever.
Potassium is also available in most commercial fertilizers.
Potassium is also essential to mental function, brain power and nerve impulses.
Potassium is also important for thickening the stems.
Potassium is also important in maintaining the fluid balance in the body.
Potassium is also important, but to a smaller extent than calcium.
Potassium is also mobile in soils, depending on soil texture.
Potassium is also plentiful in dairy products.
Potassium is also plentiful in the gastrointestinal tract.
Potassium is also present in apricots.
Potassium is an alkali metal .
Potassium is an electrolyte and is affected greatly by the amount of sodium in the body.
Potassium is an electrolyte that helps muscles contract.
Potassium is an electrolyte that keeps fluid balanced in and around cells.
Potassium is an electrolyte, which is a mineral in the blood that can be measured by a blood test.
Potassium is an electrolyte.
Potassium is an element in the Periodic table and is an alkali metal.
Potassium is an element that is frequently overlooked.
Potassium is an enzyme activator and helps regulate stomates.
Potassium is an essential constituent for plant growth and is found in most soils.
Potassium is an essential constituent for plant growth and it is found in most soils.
Potassium is an essential dietary element that is present mostly in the muscles.
Potassium is an essential dietary mineral and electrolyte .
Potassium is an essential element for all living organisms.
Potassium is an essential important material.
Potassium is an essential mineral and primary electrolyte.
Potassium is an essential mineral that is involved in both electrical and cellular functions.
Potassium is an essential mineral vital in the transport of nutrients across the cell membrane.
Potassium is an essential nutrient for plants and animals.
Potassium is an extremely active metal that reacts violently with oxygen and water in air.
Potassium is an important element that is needed by all plants.
Potassium is an important mineral whose imbalance leads to cardiac arrest.
Potassium is an important plant nutrient for several reasons.
Potassium is another essential nutrient found in many natural and man-made food ingredients.
Potassium is another important ingredient present in bananas.
Potassium is called a macro mineral, because the body needs large amounts for proper functioning.
Potassium is chemical elements.
Potassium is considered to be non-toxic.
Potassium is controlled very carefully by the kidneys.
Potassium is critical for plant growth from the establishment phase through complete coverage.
Potassium is critically important for normal heart and nervous system function.
Potassium is elements.
Potassium is especially effective in diets that also include generous servings of dairy products.
Potassium is especially important for blood pressure.
Potassium is especially important in turf during stressful cold weather in the winter months.
Potassium is essential for carbohydrate metabolism, protein synthesis and insulin secretion.
Potassium is essential for cell division and strong stems.
Potassium is essential for good nutrition and health.
Potassium is essential for health muscle and nervous system functioning.
Potassium is essential for life, but it contains a small fraction of a radioactive isotope.
Potassium is essential for optimum metabolism of every cell in the body.
Potassium is essential for strong roots and increased nutrient uptake.
Potassium is essential for strong roots.
Potassium is essential to both plant and animal life.
Potassium is essential to the smooth running of plant enzymes into the plant.
Potassium is fairly soluble and can be leached out of the effective root zone of bermudagrass.
Potassium is formed in supernovas by nucleosynthesis from lighter atoms.
Potassium is found in a wide range of foods.
Potassium is found in a wide variety of foods, but especially fruits and vegetables.
Potassium is found in a wide variety of foods.
Potassium is found in bananas and potatoes.
Potassium is found in bananas, leafy green vegetables and citrus fruits.
Potassium is found in foods such as bananas, lima beans, poultry, avocados and dairy products.
Potassium is found in great amounts in bananas, bread, clams, potatoes, milk, and raisins.
Potassium is found in highest amounts in fresh, unprocessed food.
Potassium is found in highest concentrations in plant leaves, rather than seeds.
Potassium is found in many foods.
Potassium is found in meats, milk, fruits and vegetables.
Potassium is found in nature as ionic salts.
Potassium is found in seawater, but in relatively small amounts compared to sodium.
Potassium is found in the cat's blood and within all the cells of the body.
Potassium is found in the sea, in rocks and in plants.
Potassium is found in whole grains, leafy green vegetables and fruits such as bananas and oranges.
Potassium is found to be very mobile under leaching conditions.
Potassium is from sulfate of potash.
Potassium is good for the general health and vigor of the plant.
Potassium is important for disease resistance and winter hardiness.
Potassium is important for maintaining normal blood pressure.
Potassium is important for maintaining normal bodily functions.
Potassium is important for muscles and nerves to function properly.
Potassium is important for normal growth and for building muscle.
Potassium is important for proper heart function.
Potassium is important in a lot of reactions within the plant.
Potassium is important in all stages of plant growth.
Potassium is important in both protein and carbohydrate metabolism.
Potassium is important in the body's acid-base balance, nerve transmission, and muscle function.
Potassium is important in the manufacturing of starches and sugars in the plant.
Potassium is important to help regulate muscle activity.
Potassium is in almond, sesame, sunflower, mung and cow pea sprouts.
Potassium is in bananas.
Potassium is in high concentration inside the cell and low outside.
Potassium is involved in cell metabolism, protein synthesis, and water use.
Potassium is involved in nerve function, muscle control and blood pressure.
Potassium is known to be essential for protein synthesis and enzyme activation.
Potassium is less damaging to soils and less mobile than sodium.
Potassium is less dense than water, so it can float on water.
Potassium is lost by leaching.
Potassium is lost from the body in vomit, diarrhea and urine.
Potassium is lost in the urine when urine production becomes excessive.
Potassium is metal
Potassium is metallic elements.
Potassium is mined from a number of minerals.
Potassium is minerals.
Potassium is moderately mobile in the soil.
Potassium is more important for health than most medical people realize.
Potassium is muscle strength.
Potassium is necessary during all stages of growth.
Potassium is necessary for fluid balance in our body.
Potassium is necessary for many body functions.
Potassium is necessary for proper nerve conduction.
Potassium is necessary for the body's water balance and muscle irritability.
Potassium is necessary for well being.
Potassium is necessary to enable certain plant process.
Potassium is needed by the forage to protect itself from freezing injury during the winter.
Potassium is needed for healthy nerves and muscles.
Potassium is needed for muscles to function properly.
Potassium is needed for the healthy, steady functioning of the nervous system.
Potassium is needed for vigorous growth.
Potassium is needed in fairly large quantities to regulate metabolic reactions within the plant.
Potassium is needed to build strong stalks, fight diseases, and translocate water within the plant.
Potassium is needed to maintain good health.
Potassium is needs to be in balance with sodium at all times.
Potassium is non-existent or rare in processed foods.
Potassium is odorless, colorless, and, in the usual concentrations, tasteless.
Potassium is one of several naturally occurring elements in blood called electrolytes.
Potassium is one of the body's major ions.
Potassium is one of the minerals important to decrease blood pressure.
Potassium is one of the most abundant elements, and an essential component of food.
Potassium is one of the most important components that regulate blood pressure.
Potassium is one of the most important elements in the body.
Potassium is one of the most reactive and electropositive of metals.
Potassium is one of the substances the body needs for normal heart and muscle function.
Potassium is one of the three primary nutrients, or macronutrients, required by plants.
Potassium is one the most reactive and electrospositive of metals.
Potassium is ordinarily in the form of potassium chloride or sulfate.
Potassium is particularly important in improving wear tolerance.
Potassium is particularly important to clover.
Potassium is plentiful in most foods.
Potassium is present in all fruits, vegetables, meat and fish.
Potassium is present in meats, fruits and vegetables such as oranges, bananas and avocados.
Potassium is primarily an intra cellular ion.
Potassium is probably most important for the cells which make up skeletal and cardiac muscle.
Potassium is purported to reduce fatigue and muscular weakness.
Potassium is relatively immobile in the soil.
Potassium is released into the blood from damaged muscle cells.
Potassium is required by aquarium plants for photosynthesis and the maintaining of cell pressure.
Potassium is required by plants to assist in the uptake of other nutrients.
Potassium is required for enzymatic reactions taking place within cells.
Potassium is required for many body functions.
Potassium is required for the formation of red blood cells.
Potassium is required in the accumulation and translocation of carbohydrates.
Potassium is required to maintain sodium and fluid level in the body also known as an electrolyte.
Potassium is responsible for seed formation and germination in flowers, fruits, or vegetables.
Potassium is responsible for the function of cells.
Potassium is retained and the level increases during renal failure.
Potassium is sacrificed when grains are milled.
Potassium is secreted along the initial and cortical collecting tubule.
Potassium is sequestered inside the cell, while sodium is kept out.
Potassium is silvery-white, low melting, metal soft enough to be easily cut with a knife.
Potassium is somewhat of an enigma.
Potassium is stored in the muscles.
Potassium is supplied to plants by soil minerals, organic materials, and fertilizer.
Potassium is taken up by roots through diffusion.
Potassium is the chief electrolyte.
Potassium is the eighth most abundant element in the Earth's crust.
Potassium is the final element in the puzzle.
Potassium is the key component of commonly-used potash fertilizer, and is abundant in animal waste.
Potassium is the key fertilizer element involved in internal water movement.
Potassium is the major electrolyte found inside all body cells, including muscle and nerve cells.
Potassium is the major electrolyte inside of cells.
Potassium is the major intercellular cation and regulates intercellular osmolality.
Potassium is the major intracellular electrolyte.
Potassium is the major mineral in the body s cells, and it plays a crucial role in metabolism.
Potassium is the most abundant cellular cation.
Potassium is the most abundant intracellular electrolyte.
Potassium is the most important nutrient for stand maintenance and yield retention.
Potassium is the most reactive .
Potassium is the nutrient that makes grasses more winter hardy.
Potassium is the primary electrolyte within body cells.
Potassium is the second least dense metal after lithium .
Potassium is the seventh most abundant element in the crust of the earth.
Potassium is the third major element and the last number on a fertilizer analysis.
Potassium is the third major plant and crop nutrient after nitrogen and phosphorus .
Potassium is the third most abundant mineral in the body.
Potassium is the third most abundant mineral in the human body.
Potassium is therefore the main positively charged ion present in the intracellular fluid.
Potassium is translocated from older to new leaves as required by the palm.
Potassium is up.
Potassium is used by plants for flower color and size.
Potassium is used by plants for growth.
Potassium is used by the plant in large quantities, and is second only to nitrogen.
Potassium is used in fertilizer.
Potassium is used in intracellular fluid transmission.
Potassium is used to convert glucose into glycogen for storage and later release.
Potassium is usually available for plant use.
Potassium is very healthy and reduces some of the harmful effects of sodium.
Potassium is very important for resistance against powdery mildew and rust on roses.
Potassium is very important in the human body.
Potassium is very important to chemical reactions inside cells.
Potassium is very mobile and important to the growth of the plant.
Potassium is vital for plant growth.
Potassium is vital for stem strength, root growth, and disease resistance.
Potassium is vital for the normal operation of the nervous system, muscles and kidney function.
Potassium is vital for the normal operation of the nervous system, muscles and the kidneys.
Potassium is vital for the production of energy.
Potassium is vital to body functions, including muscle contraction.
Potassium is vital to good health.
Potassium is water soluble, so leaches into water during cooking.
Potassium isa metal.
Potassium leaves the body in urine, so more potassium is lost.
Potassium looks after the control of water absorption by organs, bones and muscles.
Potassium maintains the body's fluid balance a vital function.
Potassium maintains the body's water balance in conjunction with sodium.
Potassium makes the grass hardier and more tolerant of cold weather injury.
Potassium needs in an established orchard are best determined from leaf analysis.
Potassium nourishes the heart, kidneys, pancreas, muscles and the nerves.
Potassium now flows out of the cell, with the result that the membrane potential is re-established.
Potassium occurs widely in many different minerals.
Potassium permanganate in contact with glycerol and other organics can spontaneously ignite.
Potassium plays a major role in plant hardiness and vigour.
Potassium plays a major role in regulating blood pressure because it combats the effects of sodium.
Potassium plays a number of important roles in the human body also.
Potassium plays a role in preventing, and maybe lowering, high blood pressure in some people.
Potassium plays an important role in nerve function and cellular integrity.
Potassium plays an integral role in the human body in controlling the water balance of the body.
Potassium promotes digestion.
Potassium promotes healthy digestion.
Potassium promotes healthy fruit .
Potassium promotes rooting, enzyme activation and carbohydrate metabolism.
Potassium promotes solid, sweet carrots.
Potassium promotes strong vigorous roots and resistance to disease.
Potassium promotes the development of healthy roots and stems.
Potassium protects plants against stresses.
Potassium reacts fastest, lithium slowest.
Potassium reacts in many chemical reactions similar to sodium and other alkali metals.
Potassium reacts violently with halogens and detonates in the presence of bromine .
Potassium reacts with chlorine.
Potassium reacts with sulfur.
Potassium reacts with water.
Potassium reduces the risks of heart strokes, and calls for a healthy heart regime.
Potassium rushes into the neuron.
Potassium rushes out of the cell when they open, causing repolarization.
Potassium sensitizes the body to hormones, which tell the body what to do.
Potassium stays relatively close to the initial point of application.
Potassium stops wilting, helps roots stay in one place and assists in transferring food.
Potassium supports the electrical conductivity of brain and assists memory and learning.
Potassium Taking docusate increases the amount of potassium excreted from the body in the stool.
Potassium tends to leak from erythrocytes into the plasma of donated blood during storage.
Potassium tends to magnify the benefits of nitrogen and phosphorus.
Potassium works inside the cells to help reduce body wastes and increase energy.
Potassium works to maintain fluid balance in the body and nerve transmission.
Potassium works with sodium to bring nutrients to cells and pull out waste.
Potassium works with sodium to help regulate fluid balance.
Potassium works with sodium to maintain the body's water balance.
Potassium works with sodium to regulate the body's water balance.
Most potassium conducts electricity.
Most potassium helps calcium excretion.
Most potassium helps excretion.
Most potassium occurs in the Earth's crust as minerals, such as feldspars and clays.
Most potassium promotes healthy digestion.
Some potassium has effects.
Some potassium has strong effects.
Some potassium helps blood pressure.
Some potassium helps high pressure.
Some potassium helps lower blood pressure.
Some potassium helps lower high blood pressure.
Some potassium helps lower pressure.
Some potassium helps pressure.
Some potassium reacts with bromine.
A potato bug is a beetle
Potato bugs fall off easily into the box.
A potato chip is snack food
Potato chips are a favorite snack.
Potato chips are America's favorite snack.
Potato chips are an excellent example.
Potato chips are chips.
Potato chips are flats.
Potato chips are food.
Potato chips are kind of gross.
Potato chips are thin slices of potato, fried quickly in oil and then salted.
Potato chips are too brittle.
Potato chips are very perishable.
Potato chips come in a bag, along with a coke or a beer.
Potato chips is high in calories.
Potato chips mix well with everyone.
Potato chips show no sign of declining in popularity.
Potato crisps replace the traditional puff pastry and the dish is served with a port wine reduction.
Potato famine begins in Ireland.
Potato farms are able to produce more while having fewer workers.
Some potato farmers assess roles.
Some potato flour has minerals.
Potato leafhopper can be another story.
Potato leafhopper can seriously damage young plants, causing stunting and yellowing of leaves.
Potato leafhopper is a transient pest of apples, grapes, celery, rhubarb, and clover to name a few.
Potato leafhopper is very common in a host of crops.
Potato leafhoppers feed on foliage.
Potato leafhoppers feed on grape foliage.
Most potato leafhoppers feed on foliage.
Most potato leafhoppers feed on grape foliage.
Some potato leafhoppers become problems.
Some potato leafhoppers have effects.
Some potato leafhoppers inject toxins.
Potato plants are a prime example of reproduction via tubers.
Potato plants contain chemicals.
Potato plants contain toxic chemicals.
Potato plants grow from tissue culture.
Potato plants have large root sys tems.
Potato plants produce flowers, fruits and seeds.
Potato plants produce tubers.
Potato plants require adequate nutrition.
Potato plants require nutrition.
Most potato plants contain chemicals.
Most potato plants contain toxic chemicals.
Most potato plants require adequate nutrition.
Most potato plants require nutrition.
Potato tuber moths undergo metamorphosis.
Potato tubers have nodes.
A potato vine is a vine
Some potato vines reseed.
Potato becomes food.
Potato contains fiber.
Potato contains potassium.
Potato contains starches.
Potato cuts into cubes.
Potato grows in regions.
Potato grows in subtropical regions.
Potato has development.
Potato has liquid starches.
Potato has pale skin.
Potato has skin.
Potato has starches.
Potato has thin skin.
Potato is a root vegetable
Potato is a starches
Potato is blinds.
Potato is food.
Potato is legumes.
Potato is located in allotment.
Potato is located in apartments.
Potato is located in armies.
Potato is located in bags.
Potato is located in bins.
Potato is located in boiling water.
Potato is located in casseroles.
Potato is located in cellars.
Potato is located in chickens.
Potato is located in chowders.
Potato is located in clam chowders.
Potato is located in clamps.
Potato is located in countrysides.
Potato is located in crops.
Potato is located in dirt.
Potato is located in exhaust pipes.
Potato is located in food.
Potato is located in french fries.
Potato is located in groceries.
Potato is located in grocers.
Potato is located in grocery bags.
Potato is located in kitchen cabinets.
Potato is located in kitchens.
Potato is located in main courses.
Potato is located in maines.
Potato is located in markets.
Potato is located in meatloaf.
Potato is located in microwaves.
Potato is located in optical devices.
Potato is located in pans.
Potato is located in pantries.
Potato is located in paper bags.
Potato is located in patchs.
Potato is located in pizzas.
Potato is located in plates.
Potato is located in pots.
Potato is located in recipes.
Potato is located in red.
Potato is located in restaurants.
Potato is located in root cellars.
Potato is located in salad.
Potato is located in shopping bags.
Potato is located in sinks.
Potato is located in soil.
Potato is located in steak houses.
Potato is located in stew.
Potato is located in stomachs.
Potato is located in stores.
Potato is located in vegetable soup.
Potato is part of plants.
Potato is part of potato.
Potato is plants.
Potato is root vegetables.
Potato is roots.
Potato is starchs.
Potato is tubers.
Potato is used for eating.
Potato is vegetables.
Potato is vines.
Potato isa food.
Potato isa nutrient.
Potato isa vegetable.
Potato provides energy.
Potato tops with butters.
Potato tops with teaspoon butters.
Potatoes absorb the flavors of spices best while they are warm.
Potatoes absorb the salt.
Potatoes account for about one-quarter of the North Central Region's total vegetable income.
Potatoes add diversity, versatility and convenience to menus.
Potatoes also are good keepers, as well as nutritious and filling.
Potatoes also are high in dietary fiber and iron.
Potatoes also consume less energy than does the production of wheat.
Potatoes also contain a variety of phytonutrients that have antioxidant activity.
Potatoes also contain growth promoting mineral substances which stimulate yeast development.
Potatoes also contain oxalic acid, arsenic, tannins, and nitrate.
Potatoes also feature heavily in dongbei cai.
Potatoes also make great casseroles.
Potatoes also make ideal camp food because they're easy to store.
Potatoes also provide an important source of vitamin C for the diets of many countries.
Potatoes also supply thiamin, niacin, iron, carbohydrates and small amounts of vegetable protein.
Potatoes also work well for decorating wrapping paper.
Potatoes also work, but apples work better because they supply more moisture for the worms.
Potatoes appear till no power either please jacket.
Potatoes are a classic in many cuisines and a staple in many homes.
Potatoes are a common crop on the plateau.
Potatoes are a convenient, great-tasting way to help complete any meal.
Potatoes are a food staple in the poorer upland rainfed areas worst affected by the drought.
Potatoes are a good example.
Potatoes are a good resource of vitamin C and potassium.
Potatoes are a good source of alpha-lipoic acid.
Potatoes are a great choice at mealtime.
Potatoes are a great natural ingredient to help achieve healthy hair .
Potatoes are a great source of nutrition too.
Potatoes are a key ingredient in many soups, stews, pies and other oven-baked dishes.
Potatoes are a major crop.
Potatoes are a major field crop with a good reputation for yields and quality.
Potatoes are a major product of Maine, growing well in the cool north.
Potatoes are a major source of food for the world.
Potatoes are a major staple and have a prominent place in many national cuisines.
Potatoes are a natural skin lightening agent .
Potatoes are a nutrient-dense food, which means they are low in fat and high in nutrients.
Potatoes are a particularly good source of many nutrients necessary for good health.
Potatoes are a particularly valuable crop in Korea where they are used to make noodles and soup.
Potatoes are a popular item on the dinner table, especially in the United States.
Potatoes are a popular vegetable.
Potatoes are a rewarding crop to grow.
Potatoes are a staple because they are so filling and so easy to prepare.
Potatoes are a staple food.
Potatoes are a starch and yeast feeds on starch.
Potatoes are a sustaining food crop, the second bread for many parts of Russia.
Potatoes are a traditional crop and remain important.
Potatoes are a useful cereal alternative.
Potatoes are a versatile product.
Potatoes are a very delicate, sensitive crop with many risks.
Potatoes are a very popular food source.
Potatoes are also harmful.
Potatoes are also very good at room temperature.
Potatoes are also very susceptible to numerous pests and diseases.
Potatoes are always affordable, even when prices are relatively high.
Potatoes are America's favorite vegetable.
Potatoes are America's most popular vegetable.
Potatoes are among the foods on which pesticide residues are frequently found.
Potatoes are among the plants that are capable of both sexual and asexual reproduction.
Potatoes are an example.
Potatoes are an excellent example of plant starch.
Potatoes are an excellent source of complex carbohydrates.
Potatoes are an excellent source of starch, and if eaten with the skins are a good source of fibre.
Potatoes are an ideal nutritional food, high in vitamin C, potassium, protein and nearly fat-free.
Potatoes are an unusual crop in that they are started from buds of last year's crop.
Potatoes are available as garlic mashed or potato gorgonzola ravioli.
Potatoes are available in more variety.
Potatoes are available while supplies last.
Potatoes are available year-round as they are harvested somewhere every month of the year.
Potatoes are cheap and adaptable.
Potatoes are comfort food for all.
Potatoes are composed of starches, salt and water.
Potatoes are easily available year round.
Potatoes are easy to grow too.
Potatoes are especially susceptible where sprinklers from adjacent fields overlap.
Potatoes are essentially complete.
Potatoes are excellent camp food sturdy, versatile, and satisfying.
Potatoes are fat-free, rich in potassium and an excellent source of fiber.
Potatoes are friendly.
Potatoes are good in soups and stews, or sliced thin and fried.
Potatoes are good.
Potatoes are great as they contain good amounts of fiber .
Potatoes are heavy but they're worth it.
Potatoes are heavy feeders and require good, fertile soil.
Potatoes are high in fiber and carbohydrates and contain more potassium than a banana.
Potatoes are high in nutritional value.
Potatoes are in short supply.
Potatoes are in the same family as the poisonous plants of belladonna and nightshade.
Potatoes are in various stages of maturity depending on the variety planted.
Potatoes are just a starch that is used to accompany a meal.
Potatoes are less responsive to sulfur than many other crops.
Potatoes are less susceptible to early dying if irrigation is reduced once tubers are initiated.
Potatoes are like candy as far as a diabetic is concerned.
Potatoes are little bundles of starch as well.
Potatoes are low in sodium, are virtually fat free, and provide fiber when the skin is eaten.
Potatoes are low in sodium, virtually fat free and easy to digest.
Potatoes are made of complex carbohydrates and nutrients.
Potatoes are more prone to common scab when grown in high pH soils.
Potatoes are much the same.
Potatoes are naturally low in calories and contain no fat, sodium or cholesterol.
Potatoes are no longer suitable hosts for aphids.
Potatoes are notably susceptible to magnesium deficiency.
Potatoes are nutritious and high yielding.
Potatoes are oblong in shape and possess deep eyes.
Potatoes are oblong with deep eyes.
Potatoes are one of our major sources of starch.
Potatoes are one of the foods named.
Potatoes are one of the most filling foods.
Potatoes are one of the most nutritious staple crops discovered by man.
Potatoes are one of the most popular vegetables eaten.
Potatoes are one of the most versatile vegetables grown in the home garden.
Potatoes are one of the world s four leading food crops, along with rice, maize and wheat.
Potatoes are one of the world's four leading food crops, along with rice, maize and wheat.
Potatoes are one of the world's four leading food crops, along with rice, wheat and maize.
Potatoes are one of the world's leading food crops.
Potatoes are only a prototype for delivering plant-based vaccines.
Potatoes are part of the vegetable group.
Potatoes are perenial.
Potatoes are potatoes.
Potatoes are practically devoid of fiber.
Potatoes are primarily a source of energy.
Potatoes are rather extensively cultivated for the London market, as also for feeding cattle.
Potatoes are represented anthropomorphically as well as naturally.
Potatoes are salty, ditto the broccoli.
Potatoes are sensitive to the residues of certain herbicides.
Potatoes are sensitive to water stress.
Potatoes are shallow rooted, with most roots being in the upper foot of soil.
Potatoes are slightly susceptible.
Potatoes are starchy tubers produced by plants that are members of the deadly nightshade family.
Potatoes are stem tubers.
Potatoes are still a major crop, however, and there remain several dairy farms.
Potatoes are still their staple diet.
Potatoes are susceptible to a host of setbacks.
Potatoes are susceptible to several serious diseases.
Potatoes are the classic example.
Potatoes are the edible, starchy tubers of the nightshade family Solanaceae.
Potatoes are the fourth largest world crop, surpassed only by wheat, rice, and corn.
Potatoes are the leading cash crop in New Brunswick's agriculture.
Potatoes are the main crop, much of which is distilled into vodka.
Potatoes are the most important vegetable crop grown in New York state.
Potatoes are the staple of the diet here.
Potatoes are transgenic crops that carry genes from different sources.
Potatoes are tubers and sweet potatoes are roots.
Potatoes are tubers, or swollen underground stems that form as a storage location for starch.
Potatoes are tubers, sweet potatoes are roots.
Potatoes are tubers.
Potatoes are under-utilized in the home garden.
Potatoes are used to brew alcoholic beverages such as vodka , potcheen , or akvavit .
Potatoes are used to produce alcoholic beverages including vodka and schnapps.
Potatoes are useful for easing indigestion, colic, gastritis, ulcers and constipation .
Potatoes are very helpful.
Potatoes are very interesting folks.
Potatoes are very laxative, so a good practice is to have some roughage available free-choice.
Potatoes are very sensitive to lack of soil water.
Potatoes are very tasty when they re cooked right, and they re healthy and versatile.
Potatoes are Washington's third most valuable crop.
Potatoes are wonderful for treating sun burnt skin.
Potatoes are, in fact, an excellent food.
Potatoes arrive daily at manufacturing plants.
Potatoes bake faster.
Potatoes become the cash crop in the valley.
Potatoes can add to the overall fiber intake.
Potatoes can also remove dead skin cells on the face.
Potatoes can be a healthy choice, depending on the cooking method.
Potatoes can be par-boiled before adding to stew.
Potatoes can fall prey to a number of diseases and insect pests.
Potatoes can go in and out of fashion, and each culture finds different varieties attractive.
Potatoes can have a more refined, though scaly appearance.
Potatoes can resist harsh, cold weather.
Potatoes can stay outside,too.
Potatoes can withstand a light frost.
Potatoes come from the Andean Region, corn from Central America and sorghum from Ethiopia.
Potatoes come in lots of shapes, sizes, and colors and each has a unique texture and flavor.
Potatoes come in many sizes, colors and textures depending on the variety.
Potatoes contain arsenic.
Potatoes contain cyanide.
Potatoes contain little water.
Potatoes contain plentiful carbohydrates and some protein, calcium, and niacin.
Potatoes contain significant amounts of folate and calcium, both essential dietary requirements.
Potatoes contain solanine, arsenic and chalonine.
Potatoes continue to respire by using sugars as their energy source.
Potatoes cost less than a dollar a pound.
Potatoes Decide on planting time.
Potatoes develop diseases called haywire and purple top wilt.
Potatoes do have many seeds.
Potatoes do well, and there are good markets for vegetables at the resorts.
Potatoes don t count here, although they are important in the diet for other reasons.
Potatoes feature regularly on the menu prepared in a variety of ways.
Potatoes follow that dream.
Potatoes form our most important truck product and are grown largely on the river-bottom lands.
Potatoes give up an eye to create another potato.
Potatoes grated on the large holes are make crunchy latkes and on the small make smooth ones.
Potatoes grow best in fertile, well-drained sandy loam soils.
Potatoes grow best in the cool months.
Potatoes grow fine.
Potatoes grow from eyes which are pieces cut from seed potatoes.
Potatoes grow on trees.
Potatoes grow underground because they are tubers or swollen roots.
Potatoes grow well here, and New Brunswick's seed potatoes are exported worldwide.
Potatoes grow well in Georgia.
Potatoes grow well.
Potatoes growing in containers are also at much less risk of pests and diseases.
Potatoes Harvest new potatoes when plants flower.
Potatoes hashed in cream is a delicious accompaniment to roasted meats or poultry.
Potatoes have a low calorie density and a high satiety value per calorie.
Potatoes have a relatively shallow, sparse root system.
Potatoes Have a short mini-class on the different kinds of potatoes and what they are best used for.
Potatoes have a very high satiety factor.
Potatoes have difficulty becoming established outside cultivated fields.
Potatoes have high calories, but they are also quite a healthy vegetable.
Potatoes have no fat or cholesterol and are a valuable source of complex carbohydrates.
Potatoes have no fat or cholesterol and are very low in sodium.
Potatoes have the image of being a fattening food.
Potatoes have white, brown, purple or red skin and white or golden flesh.
Potatoes invent under a scissors unless wipe subaru justy.
Potatoes is better than yeast.
Potatoes keep their eyes peeled.
Potatoes look very good with good stands.
Potatoes look very good with good weather for planting.
Potatoes look very good.
Potatoes make excellent single-serving meals when cooked in the oven or microwave.
Potatoes make great stamps, too.
Potatoes mamie van doren.
Potatoes mean Examples under the post during many sixteen.
Potatoes naturally contain salt, one of the most important ingredients for conducting electricity.
Potatoes Note any damaged areas on the surface and cut away tissue that is blackened or discolored.
Potatoes only become excessively caloric when mixed with sour cream, butter or margarine.
Potatoes pack a lot of nutrients without packing a big price.
Potatoes prefer a cool spring and moisture throughout the growing season.
Potatoes prefer a loose well-drained soil high in organic matter, nitrogen and potassium.
Potatoes prefer a sandy to sandy loam soil.
Potatoes prefer cool spring weather and like to stay moist throughout the growing season.
Potatoes prefer loose, fertile, slightly acid soils.
Potatoes prefer loose, fertile, slightly acidic soils.
Potatoes prefer loose, loamy, well-drained soil.
Potatoes prefer slightly acidic soil, alkaline soil can lead to somewhat scabby potatoes.
Potatoes produce a fibrous root system.
Potatoes range from waxy to starchy.
Potatoes rank consistantly in the top five in both acreage and in production nationally.
Potatoes rank consistently in the top five in both acreage and in production nationally.
Potatoes rank highest, seven times higher than the least-filling food, croissants.
Potatoes rearrange atoms of soil, air, and water to make copies of themselves.
Potatoes require a continuos supply of soil water and good soil aeration.
Potatoes require full sun to grow.
Potatoes require greater attention than most crops, more fertilizer and, now, more fungicides.
Potatoes require moderate amounts of nitrogen.
Potatoes require significant operating costs, larger than sugar beets, to produce.
Potatoes require well-drained soil rich in organic matter.
Potatoes respond favourably to high levels of potassium.
Potatoes respond positively to cooler temperatures.
Potatoes respond to calcium and a balanced fertilizer program of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
Potatoes respond to high fertilization and frequent watering.
Potatoes rises by most star if are snowboarding - general.
Potatoes rot quickly in cold wet soils.
Potatoes run the gamut from German potato salad to dumplings to French fries.
Potatoes see Opinion like quality except several raising teenagers before bore in either material.
Potatoes sit on top kayak manufacturers.
Potatoes spend Translation beneath clothes of lots how-to however threw inside that death.
Potatoes store best in the dark under moderately moist conditions.
Potatoes support the local economy, and make up the principle source of food.
Potatoes take a little more water.
Potatoes thud softly into baskets.
Potatoes turn green if they are exposed to sunlight.
Potatoes view thru a scissors unless invent chrysler le baron.
Potatoes view thru a scissors unless invent ford thunderbird.
Potatoes womens flannel skirt.
Potatoes womens silk cardigan sweater.
Potatoes womens sleeveless shirt.
Potatoes yield more calories per acre than any other food.
Potatoes yield more per area than most crops.
Potatos are cheap whan cooking for lots of people.
Potatos are from the same family as tomatos.
Potatos make good weapons if used properly.
Potatoes always grow from other potatoes, called seed potatoes.
All potatoes are a good source of complex carbohydrate.
All potatoes are nutritious energy sources, welcome at any meal.
All potatoes can now include a reading with an exercise.
All potatoes contain small amounts of alkaloid compounds usually just referred to as solanine.
All potatoes contribute dietary fibre.
Every potato contains cells.
Most potato becomes food.
Most potato contains fiber.
Most potato contains potassium.
Most potato contains starches.
Most potato grows in regions.
Most potato grows in subtropical regions.
Most potato has development.
Most potato has liquid starches.
Most potato has pale skin.
Most potato has skin.
Most potato has thin skin.
Most potato provides energy.
Some potato carries diseases.
Some potato conducts heat.
Some potato contains acid.
Some potato contains amino acid.
Some potato contains proteins.
Some potato contains water.
Some potato covers with butters.
Some potato covers with cheese.
Some potato covers with fresh butters.
Some potato covers with sauces.
Some potato generates electricity.
Some potato has electricity.
Some potato has eyes.
Some potato has flesh.
Some potato has indexes.
Some potato has potassium.
Some potato has water.
Some potato has yellow flesh.
Some potato helps electricity.
Some potato produces energy.
Some potato produces power.
Some potatoes are more suited to particular processing and cooking methods than others.
Some potatoes are very watery when grated, squeeze the liquid with hands and discard.
Some potatoes are wet after being cooked while others are dry.
Some potatoes only provide four fries.
A potbelly is a stove
Potbellies are good natured, social, intelligent, clean and affectionate.
Potbellies are herd animals with a strong pecking order.
Potbellies are stoves.
Potbellies love to have their bellies scratched, and snuggle with their owners.
A potboiler is literary work
Potboilers have an undeservedly bad reputation.
Potes is a lively town full of hikers and cyclists from all over Europe.
Potencies vary among herbs.
Potency can vary substantially from manufacturer to manufacturer.
Potency comes from knowledge.
Potency continues to remain stable when product is refrigerated.
Potency depends on the source and selection of plant materials used.
Potency describes the strength of effects of drugs.
Potency is a measure of biological activity in the body.
Potency is a reality and is different from sheer non-being which is nothing.
Potency is always in reference to that which is in act or a state of actuality.
Potency is assessed by survival of vaccinated laboratory animals after lethal challenge.
Potency is control
Potency is destroyed by freezing.
Potency is guaranteed.
Potency is of relative importance.
Potency is only a measure of how much medication is needed to produce the desired effect.
Potency is power.
Potency is the capacity to do it - mostly ability to obtain an erection in males.
Potency is the character of the creativity due to the creatures.
Potency isa quality.
Potency means capacity for change and is found only in that which already exists.
Potency refers to the ability to achieve and maintain an erection and to ejaculate semen.
Potency varies inversely with the magnitude of the dose required to produce a given effect.
Potency often varies from among batches.
Potent antioxidants neutralize free-radicals caused by sun, stress, and pollution.
Potent compounds result in higher risks of exposure to the chemical operators.
Potent forces are at work to stave off feelings of isolation and despair.
Potent marijuana is grown using only female plants and protecting the plants from pollenization.
Potent neurotoxins are heat sensitive.
Potent penthouse contributes to the human tent.
Potent virus threatens babies breathing.
A potentate is a ruler
Potentates grow insecure and marginal dissenters feel their oats.
Potential abuse can sometimes be a voter but it has to be very compelling.
Potential acceleration indicates the remaining unamortized portion of a player's signing bonus.
Potential additions are bold in caps .
Potential adoptees have to answer a detailed questionnaire and be interviewed.
Potential advertisers can read our rate information here .
Some potential allergen interferes with digestion.
Some potential allergen interferes with protein digestion.
Potential allergies are the problem in the case of the taco shells.
Some potential alternatives are fairly well developed while others are relatively new.
Some potential answers are below.
Potential antonyms are demotic and perceptual .
Potential applicants are able to search job posting data base by region and category.
Potential applicants are aware of the program.
Potential applicants are encourage to contact our library to find out more about our holdings.
Potential applicants are welcome to make a preliminary visit to the lab.
Potential applicants are welcome to make an appointment to visit.
Potential applicants are welcome to submit letters of interest in possible future openings.
Potential applicants can call the number provided on the site for information.
Potential applicants can download applications online.
Potential applicants can find information on admissions requirements, faculty, and courses.
Potential applicants can now see examples of actual successful proposals.
Potential applicants can send, from now on, c.v.
Potential applicants find scholarships well suited to their needs and personal experiences.
Potential applicants go through a rigorous process.
All potential applicants are to be interviewed before an application form is issued.
All potential applicants welcome.
Most potential applicants are interested in how they can grow with the organization.
Potential application is applied to the aerospace and aircraft industries.
Potential applications abound for the atom trap trace technique.
Potential applications are closely related to the transition temperature.
Potential applications are endless.
Potential applications are equally great for both business and personal use.
Potential applications are even more diverse.
Potential applications are for circular accelerators requiring intense pulses.
Potential applications are immediate.
Potential applications are in communications, sensors, and optical computers.
Potential applications are in fields as diverse as graphics and computational biology.
Potential applications are in the food industry for fresh consumption or processed vegetables.
Potential applications are more obvious in fields such as nuclear physics.
Potential applications are unique research samples, waveguides, and low-temperature epitaxy.
Potential applications are unlimited.
Potential applications are, e.g. in regression analysis and time series analysis.
Potential applications can be for such things as travel, training or meeting sponsorship.
Potential applications lie in computing, optical sensing and display systems.
Potential applications range from displays to storage devices.
Potential applications range from trade shows to dating services.
Many potential applications exist for the oscillators for space and ground purposes.
Many potential applications exist in electronics, paints, and coatings as well as adhesives.
Potential appointees are conscious of the costs as well as the benefits of serving.
Potential appointees see living in Washington as a major disadvantage of service.
Many potential appointees base their impressions of the system on what they see in the media.
Potential assailants look for people who appear vulnerable.
Potential attendance is enormous.
Potential authors can view writer's guidelines and learn more about article submission.
Potential banana skins in animal social network analysis.
Potential battlefields are anywhere networked systems allow access.
Potential battlefields are anywhere.
Potential benefits are easier chip disposal and better hole quality.
Potential benefits are great at low marginal cost.
Potential benefits are significant for our customers and our project delivery teams.
Potential benefits are staggering.
Potential benefits are substantial.
Potential Benefits Create local business opportunities for recyclable and salvaged materials.
Potential benefits Spreads out labour requirements over the busy spring season.
Many potential benefits are possible.
Many potential benefits arise when cooperative learning is used in college instruction.
Potential bidders are simply exhausted.
Potential bidders can then attend the live auctions.
Potential bidders have private information about their production costs.
Potential bidders stake out their areas as the auction is set to commence.
All potential bidders assemble in the auction hall or attend electronically at a distance.
Potential borrowers face other program obstacles too.
Many potential borrowers are unsure when to get their foot on the property ladder.
Potential bosses are as prone to flattery as anyone.
Potential breaches lie within the domain of IS as well.
Potential breakthroughs are real.
Potential bug fixes.
Any potential bug ought to be fixed.
Potential buyers are able to see both parents of the puppies in most cases.
Potential buyers are interested in at most one unit of each good.
Potential buyers are interested in the vendor's financial strength and track records.
Potential buyers are more likely to be interested if they know how much is being offered for sale.
Potential buyers are on the search for the calm, well-trained trail horse.
Potential buyers can also enter their price range.
Potential buyers can become desperate in such a situation.
Potential buyers can browse the lots and make bids online.
Potential buyers can even download to their color printer the actual brochure .
Potential buyers can get a loan approval online as well as use calculators and other information.
Potential buyers can inspect the goods and learn how to effectively utilize the merchandise.
Potential buyers can see the whole of the house without leaving their home.
Potential buyers can start to bid on the item at or above the opening bid.
Potential buyers can use any realtor or lender they choose.
Potential buyers can view listings from anywhere in the world.
Potential buyers click through to a site that sells.
Potential buyers complain that it has done a poor job of communicating with investors.
Potential buyers have their eye on Pine Ridge for several reasons.
Potential buyers have to be willing to act quickly.
Potential buyers have to take many factors into consideration in calculating their bids.
Potential buyers know employee-owners are less likely to strike or resist changes in the workplace.
Potential buyers know which trees they are bidding on and the estimated volume.
Potential buyers search for the things in which they're interested.
Potential buyers see the item and make bids.
Potential buyers submit their bids at specified dates and times.
Potential buyers think that the best pieces are already gone and all that's left are leftovers.
Potential buyers view the outside of a residence long before they make it into the kitchen.
Potential campers are welcome to come with their parents.
Potential campsites are numerous along lake shores.
Potential candidates can ask questions about the process and pick up nomination papers.
Potential candidates can respond via web site, hiring event, or phone call.
Potential candidates have to register with the secretary of the organisation.
Potential candidates poll well because people like to dream up cool things.
Potential candidates start by filing a petition.
Potential candidates submit a comprehensive electronic application.
All potential candidates receive a complete evaluation.
Potential cardholders receive applications in the mail.
Potential causes are under investigation.
Potential challengers know that even a wounded incumbent has a distinct advantage in raising money.
Potential champions can register on our Web site.
Potential chemical energy depends on strength.
Potential clients are able to sign up using the online forms.
Potential clients are everywhere.
Potential clients are well-aware of the company's clout.
Potential clients call the clinic to request services and are assigned to student clinicians.
Potential clients can book an apartment or studio in the existing apartment complex.
Potential clients can make appointments for free low-vision consultations.
Potential clients can then evaluate the merits or lack of merit for themselves, based on .
Potential clients depend upon quick and easy access to pick from their many choices.
Potential clients evaluate hearsay in ratio to their trust in the source.
Potential clients go through credit checks as well.
Potential clients have a chance to try out our suggestions, and assess their effectiveness.
Potential clients like to know what they can expect during a trip.
Potential clients love to see their homes marketed on the internet.
Potential clients see a much bigger company.
Potential clients see the ease with which an event comes together.
Potential clients use search engines to find details of counsellors and therapists.
Potential clients visit our site and search for an attorney located in their state.
All potential clients have the right to refuse victim services at any time.
Any potential client has the choice of going with an agency or going straight to the translator.
Every potential client is able to contact translators through an online form.
Many potential clients believe they get what they pay for and are willing to pay more for quality.
Every potential clue leads to small revelations, but bigger mysteries.
Potential competition can soon become actual.
Potential competition is every bit as important in an industry as actual competition.
Potential competitors say that's unfair.
Potential complainants can include third parties as well as the direct complainant.
Potential complications are discomfort, infection, bleeding, and missing disease.
Potential complications are essentially the same as they are for a needle-directed breast biopsy .
Potential complications are heart attack, death, stroke, and possibly infection.
Potential complications arise if a diagnosis is made late or in error.
Potential conflicts abound.
Potential conflicts have to be faced and resolved at the very beginning.
Any potential conflicts are a sure sign that something is out of harmony.
Many potential conflicts persist.
Potential consequences lead to adverse medical outcomes.
Potential consequences lead to adverse outcomes.
Potential consequences lead to outcomes.
Potential consequences matter, likelihood is a valid concern.
Most potential consequences lead to adverse medical outcomes.
Most potential consequences lead to adverse outcomes.
Most potential consequences lead to outcomes.
Any potential consumer is a potential producer.
Potential contamination includes fuel oil, PCBs, corrosive chemicals, dyes and asbestos.
Potential contenders do exist.
Potential content includes movies, music, and television programming.
Potential contributors are now a simple click away from a secure contribution page.
Potential costs influences decisions to raise children.
Potential creditors review credit applications primarily in relation to risk.
Potential criminals see it as one more method of perpetuating tyranny.
Potential customers are anybody who currently produces drawings.
Potential customers are in a hurry.
Potential customers are most likely to believe testimonials from trustworthy clients.
Potential customers are private corporate networks and service providers.
Potential customers are unable to use the Internet due to prohibitive access fees.
Potential customers can also request bids on jobs via online forms.
Potential customers can browse through the brochure, choose a holiday and then make a booking.
Potential customers can click in for information from anywhere, anytime of the day or night.
Potential customers can download a demo of our software.
Potential customers can download demonstration software.
Potential customers can download it in an instant and speed up the sales cycle.
Potential customers can easily search for real estate listings to suit their needs.
Potential customers can find out more about a product and order it through the Internet.
Potential customers can get their questions answered in real time.
Potential customers can often get free quotes online very quickly.
Potential customers can search the Web for houses in a specific area code or price range.
Potential customers can shop from home any time of the day or night.
Potential customers can tour the site to find out how the service works.
Potential customers can try out the product without having to download and install it.
Potential customers come from all over Europe, Northern Africa, the Middle East and Asia.
Potential customers dump shopping carts without buying.
Potential customers exist in a wide range of scientific disciplines and commercial industries.
Potential customers express interest.
Potential customers find it just too complicated.
Potential customers form communities.
Potential customers have to inquire at the given address about prices and licensing policies.
Potential customers know about the business.
Potential customers look for services on the web more often than ever.
Potential customers move on because there is no personal interaction.
Potential customers recognise the symbol and connect it to the business immediately.
Potential customers recognize the survey as a valuable resource.
Potential customers see it differently.
Potential customers want services.
All potential customers have complete and instant knowledge of the marketplace.
Many potential customers are small local firms.
Many potential customers are still very nervous about on-line processing.
Many potential customers avoid imposed shipping fees.
Many potential customers can relate with our helpmypc guy below.
Many potential customers make their final buying decision based on the return policy.
Many potential customers prefer to use the web than to use a telephone.
Many potential customers visit companies online to see what they offer before they visit the store.
More potential customers can now see and order proofs on-line.
Most potential customers express interest.
Most potential customers form communities.
Most potential customers see banners as just a nuisance.
Some potential customers decide to get the computer anyway.
Some potential customers respond to defenders.
Some potential customers turn into money spending customers.
Potential damage includes loss of all information residing on the affected system.
Potential damage is greater for some species than others.
Potential dangers are a tornado, earthquake and nuclear mishap.
Potential dangers exist from the effects of environmental tobacco smoke.
Potential dangers lurch in chat rooms.
Many potential dangers can result from improper water heater installation.
Some potential dangers seem truly benign.
Potential developers worry about their liability under current environmental law.
A potential difference is an electrical phenomenon
Potential difference increases as the opposite spins tighten.
Potential difference is a. inversely proportional to change in electrical potential energy.
Potential difference is measured in units called volts .
Potential difference is the difference in the electric potential between two points.
Potential difference remains the same.
Potential directors apply through institutions.
Potential directors spend the next couple days reading the plays and writing proposals .
Potential disadvantages are a reduced residual stress depth and magnitude, and surface erosion.
Potential discoveries are even greater elsewhere.
Any potential disorder shows up as a crescent on the photograph.
Potential distributors deal directly with the manufacturers.
Potential disturbances arising from normal operations are generally location specific.
Potential dogs are X-rayed to check for possible hip or elbow problems before training.
Potential donors can also register listings of excess supplies that they wish to contribute.
Potential donors can print the donation form directly from the site.
Potential donors complete a brief medical history questionnaire and a mini-physical.
Potential donors fill out an extensive health questionnaire and the blood is rigorously tested.
Potential donors submit a small blood sample.
Potential donors turn up unexpectedly all the time.
Any potential drug can fail having several candidates improves the odds.
Potential effects are due to the radio frequency signal of the phone.
Some potential effects relate to exposure.
Some potential effects relate to mold exposure.
Potential employees are job-ready and have the basic qualifications for their chosen careers.
Potential employees call and answer questions.
Potential employees can learn how to draft cover letters, write resumes and live through interviews.
Potential employees can learn more about the company and job openings and apply online.
Potential employees can pick and choose where they want to work.
Potential employees can review hiring criteria and get an application for employment online.
Potential employees can search by geographic region, job classification, or job skills.
Potential employees can view and perform queries on the set of job listings.
Potential employees do look at grades and class attendance.
Potential employees filter companies just like companies filter resumes.
Potential employees have experience ranging from entry-level to highly skilled.
Potential employees have more choices and are more assertive in presenting their demands.
Potential employees have to work the numbers though.
Potential employees have to work the numbers, though.
Potential employees say they ask tough questions for good reason.
Potential employees sit a rigorous technical exam as well as the usual employment process.
Potential employees start as food service helpers, gaining experience in a variety of our kitchens.
Potential employees use the annual report to see if the company is a good place to work.
Potential employers are even more apprehensive.
Potential employers are firms in the rural construction industry and farmstead equipment companies.
Potential employers are quick to spot desperation and are turned off by it.
Potential employers are to be contacted directly.
Potential employers are unlikely to do a publication search.
Potential employers are welcome to mail or email any information pertaining to job openings.
Potential employers can also list job openings.
Potential employers can also search through resume listings.
Potential employers can list job openings.
Potential employers can then check the site for exactly the sort of person they're looking to hire.
Potential employers do look at that.
Potential employers like to see participation on the flying team.
Potential employers look favorably on practicum experience.
Potential employers pass our sign each day.
Potential employers post their openings, especially in the technical field.
Potential employers range from sports clubs to health professionals' offices to cruise ships.
Potential employers recognize that the student has some realistic idea of the job at hand.
Potential employers seek graduate nurses who have demonstrated leadership potential.
Potential employers spot the Bible school or seminary education and reject the applicant.
Potential employers use recruitment companies for many reasons.
Potential employers view an interview as the most important part of their hiring process.
All potential employers welcome.
Many potential employers have web sites.
Most potential employers have certain preconceived notions about what belongs in a resume.
Potential enemies make a similar judgment.
Potential energy becomes energy.
Potential energy becomes kinetic energy.
Potential energy becomes kinetic energy.
Potential energy builds to a crescendo.
Potential energy can also be the potential energy from suspended parts or springs.
Potential energy can be chemical, nuclear, gravitational, or mechanical.
Potential energy can become kinetic and kinetic energy can become potential energy.
Potential energy causes motion.
Potential energy comes in many forms.
Potential energy Compute the elastic potential energy stored in a spring.
Potential energy decreases, and kinetic energy is constant.
Potential energy depends on strength.
Potential energy equals mass.
Potential energy exists in a number of different forms.
Potential energy exists whenever an object which has mass has a position within a force field.
Potential energy is an example.
Potential energy is based on the position of an object.
Potential energy is basically another way of describing the effect of a force.
Potential energy is classified depending on the applicable restoring force.
Potential energy is constant, and kinetic energy increases.
Potential energy is constant, and kinetic energy is constant.
Potential energy is converted into kinetic energy .
Potential energy is converted into kinetic energy.
Potential energy is converted to kinetic energy.
Potential energy is defined as the ability to do work.
Potential energy is directly proportional to the altitude of the aircraft.
Potential energy is directly proportional to the height of the object.
Potential energy is divided into three different types of energy .
Potential energy is divided into three different types of energy.
Potential energy is energy associated with position .
Potential energy is energy being stored for later conversion into kinetic energy.
Potential energy is energy due to position or composition.
Potential energy is energy of motion.
Potential energy is energy of position .
Potential energy is energy of position.
Potential energy is energy stored in an object.
Potential energy is energy stored internally in an object.
Potential energy is energy stored up ready for action.
Potential energy is energy stored.
Potential energy is energy that is stored in an object, a rubber band for example.
Potential energy is energy that is stored.
Potential energy is energy which results from position or configuration.
Potential energy is energy.
Potential energy is found in other energy forms, as well.
Potential energy is highest at the dead top of the highest point on the roller coaster.
Potential energy is in fact a property of the field .
Potential energy is largest when the satellite is farthest from the earth, the apogee.
Potential energy is mechanical energy
Potential energy is mechanical energy.
Potential energy is mgh.
Potential energy is negative, while rest-mass and kinetic energies are positive.
Potential energy is smallest when the satellite is closes to the earth, the perigee.
Potential energy is stationary, stored energy.
Potential energy is store inside something such as oil, gas or other fuels.
Potential energy is stored energy and has the potential to be converted to kinetic energy.
Potential energy is stored energy inside an object that is contained.
Potential energy is stored energy, ready to be used.
Potential energy is stored energy.
Potential energy is stored in an object when work is done on that object.
Potential energy is stored in the chemical bonds of molecules.
Potential energy is stored in the force between objects, perhaps in the stretch of a spring.
Potential energy is stored in the interaction of an object with another object.
Potential energy is stored or supressed energy.
Potential energy is stored, for example, in a battery, an apple or in gasoline.
Potential energy is that which is stored, ready for action.
Potential energy is the energy of position and kinetic energy is the energy of motion.
Potential energy is the energy of position or state.
Potential energy is the energy possessed by virtue of position or composition.
Potential energy is the energy stored in a system due to the position of the parts of the system.
Potential energy is the energy that an object has when it is at rest.
Potential energy is the high part of swinging.
Potential energy is the kind of energy that is at rest.
Potential energy is the possibility of future change.
Potential energy is the possibility, the potential, to do work.
Potential energy is the possible amount of energy an object has before any movement.
Potential energy is the same as stored energy.
Potential energy is the stored energy of an object.
Potential energy is the stored energy of position possessed by an object.
Potential energy is the stored energy of position.
Potential energy is the stored energy.
Potential energy is transferred out of the spring and deposited in the ball as kinetic energy.
Potential energy is transformed into kinetic, altitude into airspeed.
Potential energy is used to keep track of work done against conservative forces.
Potential energy is what moves a weight from one height to another.
Potential energy means energy that is stored somehow for use in the future.
Potential energy means stored energy.
Potential energy measures in joules.
Potential energy raises temperature.
Potential energy represents the force of the earth's gravitational pull.
Potential energy stores in gravity.
Potential energy takes many different forms.
Most potential energy becomes energy.
Most potential energy becomes kinetic energy.
Most potential energy causes motion.
Most potential energy depends on strength.
Most potential energy equals mass.
Most potential energy raises temperature.
Some potential energy depends on height.
Some potential energy goes into sound.
Some potential energy includes chemicals.
Some potential energy plays roles.
Some potential energy provides energy.
Some potential energy provides kinetic energy.
Potential entrepreneurs can receive assistance in setting up a small business.
Potential environmental factors include presence.
Potential environmental risk factors include presence.
Potential equalization is realized by the bonding of all extended metal objects.
Potential errors are the focal point throughout the book.
Potential errors have a devastating impact downstream.
Potential evaporation exceeds precipitation in the annual water budget.
Potential evaporation is a property of soil that can entirely be predicted from temperature.
Potential evaporation is roughly twice that of precipitation.
Many potential exhibits are too large or far too small and delicate to go on permanent show.
Every potential expense is treated as an opportunity to make money.
Potential experts receive a log-in and password.
Potential explanations use information.
Most potential explanations use information.
Potential exporters can talk to specialists about their individual needs.
Potential farmland exists if a water supply can be secured.
Potential fees are difficult to establish.
Potential feedstock includes wood and agricultural residues.
Potential fish can pick the hook clean without getting snared, experts say.
Potential flooding is also a concern for central Kansas residents.
Potential force is usually more useful for cooperative resolution than applied force.
Potential form is limited and structured by mathematical constraints.
Potential fraud is detected when the same person appears on both records for the same time period.
Potential friends lose heart at the decline of American credibility.
Potential function is derived by the connection of two gates.
Potential functions rely on experimental parameters such as force constants and equilibrium values.
Potential future uses for the technology.
Potential gains are huge for American farmers.
Potential glitches are still possible in the future.
Potential glitches range from the mundane to the terrifying.
Potential goal is for high school graduates to be watershed literate.
Potential grants are available from state and federal governments and foundations.
Potential grantees submit an application, which are acted upon monthly.
Potential growth depends on factors.
Potential growth takes time.
Most potential growth depends on factors.
Most potential growth is in the area of recovering materials from construction sites.
Most potential growth takes time.
Potential guests can get room information and make reservations online.
Potential hazards abound, enough to discourage the casual investor.
Potential hazards are contamination of the handler, others in the area and groundwater.
Potential hazards are far more than in many small towns.
Potential hazards are often associ- ated with feeding drugs continuously.
Potential helpers are also potential consumers.
Potential hints are available from the animal data.
Potential homeowners are prepared for mortgage qualification.
Many potential hosts show innate immunity to infection.
Potential humiliation overrules curiosity.
Some potential ideas are small business consulting service, and information gathering ventures.
Many potential immigrants lose immigration opportunities when they seek advice from UPLs.
Potential impacts are as follows.
Potential impacts can include displacement, reduction, or extinction of native species.
Potential improvement is greatest here.
Potential incentives are considerably less outside of Denver.
Potential income is earned from our shopping mall and qualifying products.
Potential income is excellent and virtually unlimited.
Potential infertility is often a concern for both men and women with a history of cancer.
Potential infinity is a process that never stops .
Potential infinity is a process that never stops.
Potential infraction creates new stink around old coach.
Some potential injuries are caused by burns.
Potential instability refers to a layer that is lifted as a whole.
Potential instructors go through rigorous training prior to leading a class.
Potential interaction has consequences.
Potential interaction involves high dose probenecid decreasing cefepime renal clearance.
Most potential interaction has consequences.
Some potential interventions are of unknown effectiveness and further research is indicated.
Potential investors are unlikely to be amused.
Potential investors can avoid losing money by listening for clues of a phony sales pitch.
Potential investors can even buy into the private stock deal online.
Potential investors consider the fact that there are tax credits for historic re-use.
Potential investors continue to conduct their due diligence at the plant.
Potential investors have to put in competitive bids at the specified times.
Potential investors review business plan summaries online.
Potential investors take note.
Potential jurors communicate.
Potential languages are French, German, Spanish and Japanese.
Potential lawyers have to take the test many times before passing.
Potential leaders are on display every day.
Many potential leaders miss out on the rewards of becoming a leader because they lack vision.
Any potential leak is a safety, fire and emissions control issue.
Potential leakage is pervasive throughout many of the proposed climate remedies.
Potential liability is a major legal concern in selling or purchasing real estate.
Potential liability varies enormously depending on the nature of the staffing arrangement.
Potential licensees can key a DOI number into a Web-based interface to query the master directory.
Potential lifeguards can make more money doing less closer to home.
Potential links are local commercial newspapers.
Potential literature remains thus the most serious thing in the world.
Potential litigation is present when there is failure to provide a viable product.
Potential locations vary among many Northern Ontario and Quebec routes.
Potential longevity is difficult to predict in cattle from an unknown origin.
Potential markets exist around the world in developed as well as developing countries.
Potential markets exist for fathead minnows as bioassay and research animals.
Potential mates communicate before spawning with visual cues.
Many potential medications are available.
Potential members are always welcome.
Potential members are free to decide which meetings and activities to attend without guilt.
Potential members are welcome at our meeting.
Potential members are welcome to attend screenings as guests of the committee.
Potential members are welcome to attend.
Potential members are welcome to come to the meeting and check out our homepage on the net.
Potential members are welcome to visit meetings.
Potential members arrive and receive rooming assignments.
Potential members beware.
Potential members can find information about the benefits of membership.
Potential members come largely from the biomedical community familiar with mammalian model systems.
Potential members figure out where they feel most comfortable, and get to make new friends as well.
Potential members interview with staff and alumni to become better acquainted.
Potential members look elsewhere.
Potential members meet immediately following the final preference event to sign preference card.
Potential members tour each of the houses.
Potential migration creates an electrical field across each of the connections.
Potential minefields Buying stocks that sell for peanuts is tricky.
Potential modalities used to further the evaluation include mammography, ultrasound and biopsy.
Potential movement is enough.
Potential neighbors have concerns about noise and traffic.
Potential nest predators include birds.
Potential nest predators include snake birds.
Potential newcomers are also worried about integration of immigrants and the standard of living.
Potential newcomers are also worried about the integration of immigrants and the standard of living.
Potential nutrition passes by instead of being absorbed.
Potential nutrition passes through instead of being absorbed.
Many potential obstacles exist to ensuring that providers actually follow the new guidelines.
Potential offerors are responsible for accessing the web site.
Potential offerors monitor the site and download solicitations of interest.
All potential offerors are welcome.
Potential officers can nominate themselves, or can be nominated by other members of the chapter.
Potential opponents are keen one day and scared off the next.
Potential outcomes are increased faculty comfort with use of technology.
Potential output growth takes time.
Potential owners have to have the necesary licenses.
Potential parents attend a pre-service orientation.
Potential parents can be single, older, or working full time.
Potential participants are welcome to visit the competition Web site for more details.
Potential participants can click through and register online.
Potential participants can download the announcement and application now.
Potential participants have the option of making their own reservations using the information below.
Potential participants worry about their competitive positions in the marketplace.
Some potential participants discuss issues.
Potential partners are in bountiful supply at the moment.
Potential partners can survey employees or members to find out their interests and preferences.
Potential partners have to be willing to share equally the workload of operating the club.
Potential partners may have misconception.
Some potential partners have distinct smell.
Potential pastors perceive theological education as time-consuming and expensive.
Potential patterns are many and varied.
Potential penalties range from a slap on the wrist to breaking up the company.
Potential penalties range from reprimand to dismissal.
Potential performance is higher.
Potential perks revolve around the team aspect of the sport.
Potential persons are more valuable than actual things.
Potential pests are spider mites, scales and mealybugs.
Potential pitfalls abound.
Potential pitfalls are many.
Potential pitfalls exist for the unwary in the online world.
Many potential pitfalls exist.
Potential poisons are everywhere.
Potential pollinators visit pollen.
Most potential pollinators visit pollen.
Potential pollutants include sediments.
Potential power is the capacity to do so, but kinetic power is the act of doing so.
Potential predators are coyotes, large hawks and owls, eagles, and bobcats.
Potential predators are mountain lions, bobcats, and coyotes.
Potential predators are mountain lions, coyotes, bobcats, and domestic dogs.
Potential predators have difficulty.
Potential predators include birds.
Potential predators include large birds.
Potential predators include lions.
Potential predators include raccoons.
Potential predators include raptors.
Potential predators include snake birds.
Potential predators use sound.
Potential predators use vocal sound.
Most potential predators have difficulty.
Most potential predators use sound.
Most potential predators use vocal sound.
Some potential predators approach hagfishes.
Potential problem is non compliance with taking gluten back into diet.
Potential problems are similarly pre-settled in established human hierarchies.
Potential problems are twofold.
Potential problems arise when engines use stemming.
Potential problems arise when reactive chemicals are stored past the expiration date.
Potential problems can occur when mixing ground material.
Potential problems can range from diseases and pests to structure and equipment failure.
Potential problems exist which affect any linear programming application.
Potential problems extend beyond the advent of unique identifiers.
Potential problems include depressions.
Potential problems occur with the player status.
All potential problems have to be carefully analyzed and respective precautions have to be taken.
Some potential problems are caused by placentas.
Some potential problems deal with legal, social, and ethical issues.
Some potential problems exist when frost-seeding clover into winter grains.
Some potential problems occur in cattle.
Some potential problems occur in wheat pasture cattle.
Some potential problems relate to privacy, information pollution, and alienation.
Some potential producers are concerned about the supply and demand of bison meat.
Potential profits are enormous.
Potential profits are large.
Potential profits are presently very attractive.
Potential profits prevent probing.
Potential projects are then subject to the review protocol.
Potential projects range from visitor centers and ecolodges to collaborative marketing strategies.
More potential projects are pending.
Most potential projects are in mineralogy, geochemistry or materials research.
Potential proposals can include basic science, translational or clinical science investigations.
Many potential prospects get mad when they keep receiving follow up mail.
Potential pupils look for friendly local instructors.
Potential quality is the known maximum possible value added per unit of input.
Potential rabies exposures in a Virginia county.
Potential recruits can pretty much choose their field of activity.
Many potential recruits are afraid of the risks inherent in working with criminals.
Most potential recruits are concerned about deployments.
Any potential redemption is offered by some messianic figure, angels, or demons.
Potential remedies abound.
Many potential renters face the same house house hunting problems.
Potential reservoirs are either geologically or hydrologically pressured.
Potential residents can choose from a number of beautiful developments.
Potential residents pay up front entrance fees to reduce debt for borrowing.
Potential restaurateurs are ready to call in the big guns to get their new business going.
Potential returns are excellent.
Potential reviewers are welcome to come along.
Potential riders try out at a level equivalent to their riding experience.
Potential risk factors associate with hookworm infection.
Potential risk factors associate with infection.
Potential risks are great, but so are potential rewards.
Potential risks are less for males than for women.
Potential risks attributed to angelica include photosensitization, mutagenicity and carcinogenicity.
Potential risks exist for people who eat contaminated fish and wildlife in the vicinity of the site.
Potential risks have to be anticipated and recognized early on.
Potential risks present themselves in many areas on a college campus.
Some potential roles use pesticide.
Potential rot is obvious to forecast in Zinfandel.
Potential runoff is very high, and erosion is active.
Potential salaries are also a big draw.
Potential savings are enormous.
Potential savings are indeterminate.
Potential savings hide in every room.
Potential savings result from coordinated purchasing and shared data lists.
Many potential savings result from relatively simple housekeeping methods.
Potential schedule involves weekend and evening hours on a two-week rotation.
All potential selections are visible.
Potential shippers can contract for capacity on either or both of the expansion projects.
Potential sites become uneconomical if dredged material has to be transported too far.
Many potential sites are ideal for planting grapes on the slopes of canyon walls.
Potential solutions are grass borders, grass waterways, contour planting and reduced tillage.
Potential solutions exist.
Potential sources are urgedto be concise in their submissions.
Potential sources can work for government agencies, multinational companies or consulting firms.
Many potential sources are available for the gleaning of scientific information.
Potential spam goes into a spam box for rapid deletion.
Potential speakers can also consider writing an essay for our e-newsletter .
Potential speakers see below.
Many potential speakers are on holiday and because of such, firm dates have yet to be established.
Potential sponsors can also learn how they can participate.
Potential sponsors can propose a project without the government ever having solicited bids for it.
Many potential sponsors are afraid to step up.
Potential student gains in . . .
Potential students apply through a central clearing house.
Potential students are already relatively accomplished learners.
Potential students can now interact with admissions counselors and apply to the university online.
Potential students can start to apply now.
Potential students have to appear in the written test.
Potential students have to ask themselves if they are cut out for studying online.
Many potential students are place-bound by job, family or other constraints.
Potential subscribers can fill in a Web-based subscription form.
Some potential subscribers are still skeptical.
Potential suitors speak or attempt to speak with the young women.
Potential supervisors can only give provisional offers.
Potential symptoms range from sore throat to sinus irritation to cancer.
Potential targets have to be surveyed.
Potential targets receive a save each time they attempt to take offensive action.
Potential teachers can now apply online for positions in Long Beach.
Potential teachers have access to the information and resources needed to earn a credential.
Potential teams abound in organizations.
Potential technology sharing agreements during the joint venture are one-sided.
Potential tenants can check out the view from different locations within the structure.
Potential text is virtually endless.
Potential themes can range from the purely theoretical to case studies.
Many potential threats exist to information systems and the data they hold.
Potential trainers learn effective techniques for delivering computer applications training.
Potential transformers differ from ordinary step down transformers in two ways.
Potential treatment includes such processes as cementation and neutralization.
Potential treatments depend on causes.
Most potential treatments depend on causes.
Potential tutors are welcome to apply.
Potential umpires encourage if interested.
Potential uses are enormous.
Potential uses being studied include it's use as an insulating material and new types of sensors.
Potential uses are enormous.
Potential uses are in remote health care and training, and in film post production.
Potential uses are residential, office, retail, restaurant or warehouse.
Potential uses being studied include it's use as an insulating material and new types of sensors.
Potential uses depend on the geometry of the system.
Potential uses go far beyond detective work.
Potential uses run the gamut from medical diagnostic tests to microrobotics.
Potential usefulness varies greatly.
Potential users are however, reluctant to adopt it.
Potential users are more widespread than just policy makers.
Potential users can register to obtain a licence to access the information.
Potential users interact with the prototype early and often until the requirements are agreed upon.
Some potential users are concerned about the safety of pressure cookers.
Potential vaccine antigens of the asexual blood-stages of Plasmodium falciparum.
Potential vegetation is needleandthread, big sagebrush, blue grama, Indian ricegrass.
Potential vendors can request submittal through on-line forms.
Potential victims are likely to be children that are poor, neglected, loners, or runaways.
Potential victims remain vulnerable because they don t take appropriate precautions, experts say.
Most potential victims wait at least two hours before seeking help.
Potential viewers have a variety of modems.
Potential visitors provide information.
Potential visitors take note.
Most potential visitors provide information.
Some potential visitors have expertise.
Some potential visitors have relevant expertise.
Potential volunteers access our website and look for volunteer projects they are interested in.
Potential volunteers apply to become leaders, are screened and trained.
Potential volunteers can also fill out a form online or make a donation.
Potential volunteers can select from all of the opportunities.
Potential volunteers can select opportunities that match their personal skills and interests.
Potential volunteers can then click on the listed opportunity to sign-up.
Potential volunteers can view the organization's list of needs and find contact information.
Potential volunteers fill out applications which are reviewed, and often an interview is conducted.
Potential volunteers have an array of assignments from which to choose.
Potential voters have to understand that their one vote can make a tremendous difference.
Potential voters place the environment high on their list of important issues.
Any potential voter can make a motion or second to accept the proposed response.
Many potential voters depend on free transport to political party rallies.
Most potential voters have little incentive to use the Internet to gather candidate information.
Some potential voters concur.
Potential wealth fuels the fight for power.
All potential winners are subject to verification of eligibility.
Many potential witnesses are still in positions in the Indonesian administration in Timor.
Potential workers are in a bind, however.
Potential has effects.
Potential has negative effects.
Potential is possibility
Potential is possibility.
Potential isa being.
Potential isa existence.
Potential leads to transformation.
Potential requires experience.
Potential requires knowledge.
Potentials are fit to lattice parameters and elastic properties.
Potentials are numeric values of goodness or badness associated with an individual room.
Potentials are the qualities that can emerge if encouraged and assisted.
Many potential uses The possible implementations of visual-recognition technology are widespread.
Most potential has effects.
Most potential has negative effects.
Most potentials give too little binding energy.
Some potential depends on ability.
Potentialities are capable of a wide rage of actualization.
Potentialities happen and over a long enough spread of time, they inevitably happen.
Potentiality is possibility
Potentiality is the inherent capacity for coming into being.
Potentiality is, in itself, absolutely incapable of being represented.
Potentiality means ability or capability.
A potentiation is synergism
Potentiation is proportional to fluence ie.
Potentiation occurs when previous exposure to a toxin increases one s sensitivity the next time.
Potentiation occurs with ganglionic or peripheral adrenergic blocking drugs.
Potentiation occurs with nitrous oxide, fentanyl, ketamine, and possibly other opioids.
Potentiations are synergy.
A potentiometer is an instrument
Potentiometer is a radio volume control.
Potentiometers are inside of enclosure, reduces problems with contamination.
Potentiometers are resistors where the resistance can be changed using a knob or a slider .
Potentiometers are resistors where the resistance can be changed using a knob or a slider.
Potentiometers can be carbon film, conductive plastic, cermet, or wire wound.
Potentiometers generally have composition elements.
Potentiometric head is measured using a sounder or similar depth gauge.
Potentiometric titrations are more routine, but can be computerized.
Potentiometric transducers measure the resulting motions of each wheel and axle.
Potentized water is a detoxicant, to be taken in gradually increased quantities.
A pothead is a head
Potheads take feds to court over dope law.
Some potheads say that cannabis is the medicine for what ails western civilization.
Potholder isa artifact.
Potholders have (part) sections.
A pothole is a hole
Potholes abound in the tops of Navajo Sandstone domes and smaller canyons.
Potholes also hold snook.
Potholes appear in our streets.
Potholes are also home to tiny desert animals.
Potholes are an act of nature.
Potholes are an important source of water for larger and smaller lifeforms.
Potholes are back.
Potholes are cavities.
Potholes are depressional wetlands found primarily in the upper Midwest.
Potholes are drier.
Potholes are everywhere.
Potholes are felt too much, however.
Potholes are frequent and deep.
Potholes are generally the responsibility of the county, municipality or jurisdiction where located.
Potholes are holes in the roadway that vary in size and shape.
Potholes are holes.
Potholes are located in streets.
Potholes are more frequent during Texas winters.
Potholes are the direct consequence of vertical erosion and processes of abrasion.
Potholes are the pits.
Potholes are the product of unrepaired cracks.
Potholes are typically deep and numerous.
Potholes begin after snow or rain seeps into the soil below the road surface.
Potholes can result from the continuous freeze-thaw cycle.
Potholes come from a combination of traffic and water.
Potholes come in all shapes and sizes, with an equally varied array of lifespans.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars.
Potholes exist in many parts of the country which have no gophers.
Potholes fill and reflect the sky.
Potholes get down into the road base and are deeper and more destructive.
Potholes go unfilled.
Potholes left by glaciers fill with groundwater forming ponds and marshes.
Potholes make car rides bumpy.
Potholes make driving, especially on back roads, difficult.
Potholes occur when moisture gets under the road material, such as through cracks in the surface.
Potholes occur when tires roll over small imperfections in the pavement, like a small ridge.
Potholes produce traffic.
Many potholes are dry that have never been so before.
Many potholes impede our journey toward a bike-friendly future.
Some potholes are just little cracks.
Potion has effects.
Potion has special effects.
Potion is a drink
Potion is beverages.
Potion is formulated from a UV fluorescent powder mixed in a special white hand lotion.
Potion isa beverage.
Potions are a fascinating subject.
Potions are also back and improved.
Potions are magical liquids usually ingested.
Potions are what makes each spell different from the others in the same spell group.
Potions can be drunk to make space for more powerful artifacts.
Potions determine the last part of the second word in the mantra.
Potions give power, black magic takes it away.
Potions tend to run out quickly.
Most potion has effects.
Most potion has special effects.
Some potion increases chances.
A potlatch is a fiesta
A potlatch is ceremony
Potlatch expects to own a majority interest in the new company.
Potlatch is more reading or book oriented, as opposed to TV, comics, movies or anime.
Potlatch plans to reforest the entire area following the harvest.
Potlatch supports and conducts research in resource management.
Potlatches are formal ceremonies.
Potlatchs are ceremony.
Potlatchs are software.
Potluck dinner begins the evening.
Potluck dinners are awesome.
Potluck dinners are easiest for beginners.
Potluck dinners produce delicious food enough to feed three times the number of diners present.
A potluck is a meal
Potluck follows the rise of meeting.
Potluck follows, so bring some to share.
Potluck get together and discussion session.
Potluck is in.
Potluck is quite a piece of work.
Potluck is suggested.
Potluck preceding dance, call to confirm location and details.
Potlucks are a favorite family activity with regional dishes often shared.
Potlucks are about camaraderie and community spirit.
Potlucks are an opportunity to get to know people.
Potlucks are generally in an RPCVs home.
Potlucks are meals.
Potlucks are never the same.
Potlucks can spell disaster for weight control.
Potlucks precede most evening talks and a fundraising plant raffle is held after the lecture.
Potlucks provide a time for everyone to hang out and get to know one another.
Potlucks provide a warm, sharing tone to meetings.
Potlucks provide an opportunity to recognize the volunteers for their hard work.
Potmetal links have pav rhinestones for a gentle glitter.
Potmetal restoration is a specialty.
A potoroo is a kangaroo rat
Potoroo isa kangaroo.
Potoroos are mainly nocturnal, resting during day in nests made of leaves under dense cover.
Potoroos are nocturnal and they spend their days hiding .
Potoroos are nocturnal and they spend their days hiding.
Potoroos are promiscuous.
Potoroos are small, nocturnal rat kangaroos with dense fur and bear a resemblance to bandicoots.
Potoroos build conical shaped burrows for protection.
Potoroos consume fungi.
Potoroos feed on vegetation, including fungi, tubers, seeds and small insects.
Potoroos have (part) brains.
Potoroos have (part) breasts.
Potoroos have (part) cell membranes.
Potoroos have (part) cells.
Potoroos have (part) chest cavities.
Potoroos have (part) chests.
Potoroos have (part) corpi.
Potoroos have (part) cytoplasm.
Potoroos have (part) ears.
Potoroos have (part) faces.
Potoroos have (part) heads.
Potoroos have (part) nuclei.
Potoroos have (part) pedal extremities.
Potoroos have (part) piluses.
Potoroos have (part) plasma membranes.
Potoroos have (part) rib cages.
Potoroos have (part) sections.
Potoroos have (part) skulls.
Potoroos have (part) sterna.
Potoroos have (part) vacuoles.
Potoroos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Potoroos have claws.
Potoroos live under thick bushes and shrubs .
Potoroos live under thick bushes and shrubs.
Most potoroos have claws.
Some potoroos can have babies.
Some potoroos feed on fungi.
Some potoroos feed on roots.
Some potoroos go into states.
Some potoroos have coats.
Some potoroos have distribution.
Some potoroos have length.
Some potoroos have mm tail length.
Some potoroos have snouts.
Some potoroos obtain food.
Some potoroos reach maturity.
Some potoroos reach reproductive maturity.
Some potoroos rely on fungi.
A pottage is soup
Pottage is a kind of thick stew made from wheat, millet or corn.
Potted bulbs thrive under conditions in which they are slightly rootbound.
Potted cattails keep the rampant rhizomes from extending to unwanted areas.
Potted chrysanthemum is very suitable as a decorative indoor plant.
Potted daffodils provide low-maintenance indoor color.
Potted daylilies transplant without disturbing their growth and blooming.
Potted foliage is net value of sales.
Potted greens decorate the room, but no flowers.
Some potted greenery graces the entranceway, but there is nothing fancy here.
Potted hyacinths are also available at holiday time at florist shops and many nurseries.
Potted hyacinths bring their festive color indoors Move over poinsettias and amaryllis.
Potted landscapes require painstaking efforts to create, taking dozens to hundreds of years.
Potted Liners are an excellent value compared to bare root liners.
Potted mums are more enduring than cut flowers.
Potted orchids tumble from the bows of most boats.
Potted perennials can give that essential permanence that is so necessary to feel real.
Potted plants adorn one corner.
Potted plants are a favorite nesting site.
Potted plants are a valuable tool as they lend life to paved areas, side walks, etc.
Potted plants are an oasis for red imported fire ants during hot and dry Oklahoma summers.
Potted plants are available to our walk-in customers.
Potted plants are bare-root trees and shrubs that have been recently potted into containers.
Potted plants are located in porchs.
Potted plants are located in roofs.
Potted plants are located in shelfs.
Potted plants are located in tables.
Potted plants are located in windowsills.
Potted plants are often the culprits.
Potted plants are ornaments.
Potted plants are particularly susceptible to frosts because the roots are also unprotected.
Potted plants bring nature into house.
Potted plants can add an element of style and sophistication to almost any room.
Potted plants can go out when they're available in the nurseries.
Potted plants line the concrete front patio.
Potted plants require good lighting and only occasional watering.
Potted plants require little pre-planting attention.
Potted plants require much more water than ground plants since they dry out more quickly.
Potted plants require the least Effort to protect.
Potted plants sit on tables, and vines climb the walls.
Potted plants welcome.
Potted roses offer the flexibility of being ready for planting throughout the growing season.
Potted roses require far more frequent watering than do mature plants in the garden.
Potted seedlings require regular and frequent watering.
Potted specimens are found and thrive in global locations such as Canada, Russia, Finland, Chile.
Potted thyme is always among herbs for sale at garden centers.
Potted trees are bare toot trees that have been containerized.
Most potted trees do best if kept inside no longer than one week.
Potted tulips are also abundant now.
Potter County has a lot bigger road department and they also figured in the sheriff's department.
Potter County is down from last year, but it is still fairly high.
Potter County is located in north-central South Dakota, in a rural region of farms and small towns.
A potter wasp is a wasp
Potter wasps are black with white, yellow, orange, or red markings.
Potter wasps are found throughout the northern hemisphere, mainly in temperate regions.
Potter wasps are generally black and yellow and have a thin waist.
Potter wasps are important in the natural control of caterpillars.
Potter wasps have painful sting.
Potter wasps have sting.
Most potter wasps have painful sting.
Some potter wasps live in woodlands.
A potter is an artisan
Potter also points to some of the uncertainties inherent in epidemiological research.
Potter becomes head of the draft board.
Potter continues to improve with several quality outings in the fall.
Potter discovers the truth, then goes on a wild ride.
Potter expects the math average to improve as more students take geometry early in high school.
Potter gives low marks to most national coverage of presidential primaries.
Potter is a frequent performer on an International scale.
Potter is a hit with readers of all ages.
Potter is co-director.
Potter is constantly in demand as an adjudicator for local and regional jazz festivals.
Potter is evil with no goal or reason for being that way.
Potter is forty-seven .
Potter is guilty as charged.
Potter is like a lot of people who want to enjoy the elbow room acreage living allows.
Potter is located in Cheyenne County Nebraska.
Potter is required to witness a birth for a nursing course.
Potter is suited in black with a neon blue dress shirt and matching suede shoes.
Potter is the disgraced agent who had been responsible for the girl's welfare.
Potter is unknown.
Potter is well, ordinary sadly.
Potter isa worker.
Potter looks for birds that are big, tall, fast, and smart.
Potter needs to finish a couple of jobs on the outside.
Potter offers a variety of movies for rent.
Potter promotes curiosity and experimentation with the occult.
Potter provides with the merchandise.
Potter recommends using something sweet to lure carpenter ants from their indoor hiding spots.
Potter sees the betrayal of our own principles as inevitable.
Potter takes another sip of coffee.
Potter takes office amid increasing cries for postal reform.
Potter tells a decent story, but much of it is too simplistic.
Potter tries to suck up the borrowers with a vacuum cleaner.
Potters are craftsmans.
Potters are easy to trailer and set up and fun to sail.
Potters are often untrained in technical areas of production.
Potters donate bowls, then invite guests to a simple meal.
Potters get to play with clay while it spins on a wheel.
Potters have (part) arms.
Potters have (part) body substances.
Potters have (part) cell membranes.
Potters have (part) cells.
Potters have (part) corpi.
Potters have (part) cytoplasm.
Potters have (part) heads.
Potters have (part) human bodies.
Potters have (part) legs.
Potters have (part) material bodies.
Potters have (part) necks.
Potters have (part) nuclei.
Potters have (part) personality.
Potters have (part) plasma membranes.
Potters have (part) sections.
Potters have (part) vacuoles.
Potters is committed to exceptional personal service, offering full-service banking.
Potters make one hundred different shapes.
Potters make, donate bowls.
Potters Sail the Internet and find out all kinds of interesting facts, tidbits, and trivia.
Potters spin their wheels and create a masterpiece.
Potters still use local clay to turn out replicas of the traditional designs.
Potters still use spinning wheels.
Potters Wheel Kits - Offers a kit for home construction.
Potters often make their own glazes.
Potters often make their own tools.
Many potters are also cowboys and farmers.
Many potters are the eighth or ninth generation in the town.
Many potters display their individual wares at Sky City while living in surrounding communities.
Many potters sell from their shops, some on a day to day basis, some when they open a new kiln.
Many potters still use old drying methods that are guaranteed to cause troubles.
Many potters use stones passed down through generations of potters.
Most potters starting out can rent kiln time at some of the more friendly pottery places.
Most potters use natural paints rendered from local vegetation, and paint with yucca brushes.
Most potters work in one clay body.
Some potters add acid directly to an aging clay in the form of vinegar or citric acid.
Some potters come to prominence.
Some potters even assume that any glaze is safe as long as it is fired at high temperature.
Some potters even use a large mallet to beat the air out.
Some potters introduce chemicals into the kiln to influence the effects of the firing.
Some potters produce films.
Some potters use white vinegar on the attachment areas.
Potteries using local clays produce beautiful ware.
Pottery Allows people to craft clay into pottery.
Pottery also provides a very effective means for dating in the Mediterranean.
Pottery appears for the first time, and in quantity.
Pottery becomes more decorative.
Pottery becomes more utilitarian, some of the pottery has cord marks on it but most is very plain.
Pottery can also help archaeologists date sites.
Pottery can have many shapes or colors.
Pottery comprises mainly grog tempered plain and cord marked sherds.
Pottery contains hidden clues about the people who made it.
Pottery features raku pieces, functional stoneware and earthenware pottery.
Pottery forms one of the most common and abundant types of artifacts found at archaeological sites.
Pottery glazes and most enamels contain lead, as do many paints commonly used in printing.
Pottery handles from different periods.
Pottery has many uses in our native culture for storing water seeds, food and also used to eat from.
Pottery is a coarse-textured ware of either earthenware or stoneware.
Pottery is a form of Native American art that exemplifies the personal level of tribal life.
Pottery is a good buy, and many shops stock tiny pottery souvenirs.
Pottery is a historic art which has been passed down through many generations.
Pottery is a popular activity and facilities available include a kiln for firing finished work.
Pottery is a wonderfully tactile art that uses natural substances to create beauty.
Pottery is all in the family with the Kings.
Pottery is also good for cooking and eating out of.
Pottery is always popular for the items are small distinctive and very inexpensive.
Pottery is an art as old as human culture and civilization which shows peaks of human civilization.
Pottery is an example of such a tradition.
Pottery is an important find at such an old site.
Pottery is an utensil
Pottery is another local industry which thrives in the hills behind the town.
Pottery is available for sale.
Pottery is common enough to be found in a continuous series of datable associations.
Pottery is dated by form, colour, and technique.
Pottery is dishwasher proof, generous sizes and durable.
Pottery is easily breakable.
Pottery is great to cook in.
Pottery is hobbies.
Pottery is important to archaeology.
Pottery is like poetry.
Pottery is made by moulding clay into the desired shape and baking it in a kiln.
Pottery is made from clay baked in a kiln.
Pottery is made from clay products, formed, sanded and highly polished.
Pottery is made from clay that is moistened and shaped.
Pottery is made from clay.
Pottery is made from local clays gathered from below the mesas.
Pottery is made throughout Vietnam, with heavy Chinese historical and cultural influence.
Pottery is microwavable, oven, and dishwasher safe.
Pottery is more than a physical creation.
Pottery is nice.
Pottery is no more hazardous than many other careers, but ignorance can be debilitating.
Pottery is offered for sale.
Pottery is one of mankind's oldest art forms.
Pottery is one of the archaeologist's main dating tools.
Pottery is one of the most common artifacts to survive the ravages of time.
Pottery is one of the most important artifacts to an archaeologist.
Pottery is perfect for anywhere in the house, inside or out.
Pottery is pivotal to the economic and social structure of the pueblo.
Pottery is placed on the shelf, and an inverted trash barrel is placed over it.
Pottery is plain or stamped.
Pottery is poured by hand into ceramic molds, then turned and cleaned.
Pottery is sold at the cultural center.
Pottery is sorted for future attempts at vessel reconstruction.
Pottery is suitable for oven or microwave use and is dishwasher safe.
Pottery is the human seed that springs forth from the Earth.
Pottery is the measure of a country's civilization.
Pottery is the single item that allows archeologists to identify the Fremont throughout the region.
Pottery is too heavy for china.
Pottery is trade.
Pottery is treated using natural dyes to produce special appearances on pot surfaces.
Pottery is usable art, rather than just food for the soul.
Pottery is very fragile and light in weight.
Pottery is very important.
Pottery is very therapeutic.
Pottery is when clay used to model shapes and then fired in a kiln .
Pottery is when clay used to model shapes and then fired in a kiln.
Pottery is workshops.
Pottery logically follows agriculture because they used pots and other ceramics to cook grains.
Pottery makes a perfect gift for teachers.
Pottery plays an important role in Martinican history.
Pottery preserves very well.
Pottery remains a mainstay in the Catwba culture and tradition.
Pottery remains the pride of East Liverpool today, however, and the town is on a rebound.
Pottery standing against the wall is for decoration.
Pottery suffers when moving through the rainforest.
Pottery survives well in nearly all environments.
Pottery takes up a day and a half each week, and the computer CD-ROM of family history is growing.
Pottery thus enables the strata of a given site to be easily dated within a local sequence.
Pottery works best.
All pottery is carefully bubble-wrapped and double boxed for shipping.
All pottery is food safe and lead free.
All pottery is food, microwave, cool oven and dishwasher safe.
All pottery is handmade.
All pottery is in mint condition unless stated otherwise.
All pottery is insured and guaranteed fully.
All pottery is made of high-fired stoneware and is dishwasher and microwave safe.
All pottery is microwave, dishwasher and oven safe.
All pottery is oven, dishwasher and microwave proof.
All pottery is oven, dishwasher, and microwave safe.
All pottery is spread in museums worldwide today.
All pottery shown here is made either on the wheel or hand built.
More pottery is for sale at the visitors center.
Most pottery finds are 'sherds' or pieces of broken pots.
Most pottery is handbuilt and wood fired.
Most potting composts contain a combination of peat and vermiculite or perlite .
A potto is a lemur
Potto can mate throughout the whole year.
Potto has opposable thumb which facilitates grasping of the branches.
Potto has slender body, long legs, furry tail and rounded head with small ears.
Potto is a solitary creature.
Potto is equipped with unusual neck vertebrae that are used against predators.
Potto is the largest member of the lorisidae family.
Potto isa mammal.
Pottos appear to be solitary animals in the wild.
Pottos are active at night.
Pottos are cryptic, slow-moving animals who forage alone throughout the night.
Pottos are lemurs.
Pottos are mammals.
Pottos are nocturnal animals, moving around at night and sleeping in the leaves during the day.
Pottos are primates.
Pottos are prone to dental problems.
Pottos are sexually monomorphic.
Pottos are slow moving quadrapeds.
Pottos are small and compact with brown woolly coats.
Pottos communicate with calls and markings from special scent glands and through urine washing.
Pottos have (part) brains.
Pottos have (part) breasts.
Pottos have (part) cell membranes.
Pottos have (part) cells.
Pottos have (part) chest cavities.
Pottos have (part) chests.
Pottos have (part) corpi.
Pottos have (part) cytoplasm.
Pottos have (part) ears.
Pottos have (part) faces.
Pottos have (part) heads.
Pottos have (part) nuclei.
Pottos have (part) pedal extremities.
Pottos have (part) piluses.
Pottos have (part) plasma membranes.
Pottos have (part) rib cages.
Pottos have (part) sections.
Pottos have (part) skulls.
Pottos have (part) sterna.
Pottos have (part) vacuoles.
Pottos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Pottos have a distinct odor that some observers have likened to curry.
Pottos have an additional adaptation against predators.
Pottos have coats.
Pottos have distinct odor.
Pottos have excellent vision in low light in order to navigate and find food at night.
Pottos have long, slender bodies and limbs with forelimbs and hindlimbs of nearly equal length.
Pottos have odor.
Pottos have woolly coats.
Pottos move slowly and carefully, always gripping a branch with at least two limbs.
Pottos occupy elevation habitats.
Pottos occupy habitats.
Pottos occupy low elevation habitats.
Pottos prefer to eat less unpleasant food.
Most pottos have coats.
Most pottos have distinct odor.
Most pottos have odor.
Most pottos occupy elevation habitats.
Most pottos occupy low elevation habitats.
Some pottos avoid predators.
Some pottos curl into balls.
Some pottos have feet.
Some pottos have inflammatory properties.
Some pottos have properties.
Some pottos have shapes.
Some pottos have territory.
Potts family wills.
Potts soils are on alluvial fans, benches, cuestas, and valley-filling sideslopes.
Potty humor is fine when it's funny.
Potty time can be scary or overwhelming.
Potty training can be fun.
Potty training comes to mind.
Potty training is a big part of the daily activities in the classroom.
Potty training is about to begin.
Potty training is an important step in a child's life.
Potty training is complete.
Potty training is easier when the child is ready and potty awareness comes first.
Potty training is included in the schedule.
Potty training is often a major issue with children who have autism .
Potty training is provided, using positive feed back along with patience to encourage good habits.
Potty training starts early and is a community effort.
Potty training teaches children to use the toilet.
A potty is a plumbing fixture
Potties are more child-friendly than sitting on an adult toilet.
Potties have (part) brims.
Potties have (part) sections.
Potties have (part) toilet bowls.
Potties have (part) toilet seats.
Potties have (part) upholstery.
Potty isa fixture.
Potty starts out the size of a briefcase and opens to a full size toilet in seconds.
Some potties are part of bathrooms.
Some potties are part of bungalows.
Some potties are part of castles.
Some potties are part of convents.
Some potties are part of cottages.
Some potties are part of farmhouses.
Some potties are part of houses.
Some potties are part of johns.
Some potties are part of loos.
Some potties are part of manors.
Some potties are part of monasteries.
Some potties are part of palaces.
Pouch failure is analogous to heart failure.
Pouch rats have coats.
Pouch rats have grey coats.
Most pouch rats have coats.
Most pouch rats have grey coats.
A pouch is a bag
Pouch adenomas after ileal pouch-anal anastomosis for familial adenomatous polyposis.
Pouch allows for visibility of product and advertising messages.
Pouch allows paperwork to stay with the case without becoming wet and distorted.
Pouch deodorant if desired.
Pouch fits conveniently in a childs backpack, school locker, or vehicle glovebox.
Pouch isa bag.
Pouch opens to provide a platform type work area.
Pouch seals for added security.
Pouches also take up less space than trays during disposal.
Pouches are available for all of the products shown.
Pouches are available in Red, White or Blue trim.
Pouches are available in several different versions.
Pouches are available separately.
Pouches are available that attach to the belt of the harness.
Pouches are available with or without magnetic stripes.
Pouches are diverticula.
Pouches are extremely strong.
Pouches are no longer available.
Pouches are perfect for coffee breath, garlic breath, beer breath and cigarette breath.
Pouches are safe for storing formaldehyde, alkalis, most acids, greases, oils, and organic solvents.
Pouches are the perfect alternative to cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and chewing gum.
Pouches bulge out from pharyngeal endoderm and enclose adjacent mesoderm.
Pouches carry urine.
Pouches collect beneath the eyes.
Pouches come in a variety of sizes and thickness.
Pouches contain cavities.
Pouches contain load.
Pouches don t stick well to irritated skin.
Pouches fit into pockets, tool boxes, etc. for go-anywhere convenience.
Pouches fold flat when empty, held tight by unique Velcro closure.
Pouches have (part) sections.
Pouches have plenty of pockets and loops to hold tools upright and accessible.
Pouches hold water.
Pouches protect babies.
Pouches provide warmth.
Pouches sewn onto lightweight net backing.
Pouches share many of the same design principles as our premium kits.
Pouchs are bags.
Pouchs are cavities.
Pouchs are located in female kangaroos.
Pouchs are located in jackets.
Pouchs are located in kangaroos.
Pouchs are located in wallets.
Pouchs are sacs.
Pouchs are used for carry.
Pouchs are used for covers.
Pouchs are used for diamonds.
Pouchs are used for holdings.
Pouchs are used for jewels.
Pouchs are used for tobacco.
All pouches work with all waist sizes.
Any pouch can be slotted - call for pricing.
Most pouches carry urine.
Most pouches contain cavities.
Most pouches contain load.
Most pouches hold water.
Most pouches protect babies.
Most pouches provide warmth.
Some pouches act as resonators.
Some pouches carry food.
Some pouches contain grapes.
Some pouches contain materials.
Some pouches contain nipples.
Some pouches contain organs.
Some pouches contain seeds.
Some pouches contain spicules.
Some pouches contain testes.
Some pouches contain waste materials.
Some pouches contain wild grapes.
Some pouches cover gills.
Some pouches cover testes.
Some pouches facilitate food intake.
Some pouches facilitate intake.
Some pouches fill with food.
Some pouches fill with seeds.
Some pouches have a gas release filter built into the pouch.
Some pouches have multiple pockets.
Some pouches have muscles.
Some pouches have nipples.
Some pouches have pockets.
Some pouches have rooms.
Some pouches have strong muscles.
Some pouches have the name of the contractor stamped on the leather cover flap.
Some pouches have zippers.
Some pouches hold babies.
Some pouches hold food.
Some pouches protect testes.
Some pouches protect trees.
Some pouches provide nutrients.
Some pouches provide protection.
Some pouches remove harmful waste.
Some pouches remove waste.
Some pouches weave from fiber.
Some pouches weave from plant fiber.
Some pouches weave from thin fiber.
Pouched mammals are known as marsupials.
A poultice is a covering
Poultice breasts with crushed parsley leaves to prevent caking.
Poultices are best for deep-seated pain or continuous inflammation.
Poultices help reduce leg swelling.
Poultry diseases create great economic losses.
Poultry diseases represent a permanent threat to the poultry production with a public health impact.
Poultry farms have to follow strict regulations.
Poultry farms spread through- out the country.
Many poultry farms give fish meal to chickens, resulting in fishy-tasting chicken and eggs.
Poultry farmers grow their birds on contract with larger companies.
Poultry farmers raise the chickens from chicks.
Poultry farming is a business that can be started out on a low capital investment.
Poultry farming is also a major activity.
Poultry farming is an important enterprise in the north and in some parts of Florida.
Poultry farming is well-developed.
Poultry feed is made primarily from corn and soybean meal.
Poultry litter can also provide an economical source of protein and energy for beef cattle.
Poultry litter can be a substantial source of nutrients and bacteria to water.
Poultry litter can be an economical source of nitrogen for replacement animals.
Poultry litter contains nitrogen and phosphate.
Poultry litter enhances soybean productivity in field infested with soybean cyst nematode.
Poultry litter has a high density of various microorganisms along with many nutrients.
Poultry litter has some residual benefit.
Poultry litter has the added advantage of higher moisture and nitrogen content.
Poultry litter is a combination of the bedding material and the manure.
Poultry litter is a good source of phosphorus as well as organic nitrogen.
Poultry litter is a mix of bedding and manure.
Poultry litter is a mixture of manure and bedding material.
Poultry litter is an excellent fertilizer for forage used to feed cattle.
Poultry litter is comprised of bedding material and bird droppings.
Poultry litter is put out before a crop is planted.
Poultry litter is their fertilizer of choice for pastures.
Poultry processing is also one of the state's most hazardous occupations.
Poultry production exists as an industry, because poultry and eggs are valuable as human food.
Poultry production generates large volumes of litter.
Poultry production involves a lot of labor.
Poultry production is a very important source of animal protein for the entire Asian continent.
Poultry production is also important.
Poultry production is based on a pyramid.
Poultry production is common in the northern watershed.
Poultry production is definitely lower on society's pecking order than milking cows or raising hogs.
Poultry production is the major farm enterprise.
Poultry production requires an outstanding knowledge of marketing, planning and efficiency.
Poultry raising is of considerable importance in the community.
Poultry shears are a great way to cut the chicken into hunks.
A poultry is a bird
Poultries are birds.
Poultries are located in grocery stores.
Poultries are meat.
Poultry are also a means to control locust and grasshopper populations.
Poultry are farmed in great numbers with chickens being the most numerous.
Poultry are given arsenical compounds.
Poultry are ideal, geese and ducks being very good grazers.
Poultry are kept for five main reasons.
Poultry are more effective in destroying weed seed than ruminant and monogastric animals.
Poultry are more resistant to radioactive contamination than other farm animals.
Poultry are most active during the morning and evening hours.
Poultry are primarily susceptible following contact with infected food or water.
Poultry are reservoirs of influenza viruses that transform to human influenza types.
Poultry are sensitive to abrupt diet changes.
Poultry are sensitive to overdoses of certain minerals, but are also sensitive to deficiencies.
Poultry are somewhat more resistant to radiation than other farm animals.
Poultry breeds, and extension publications.
Poultry can a be a positive learning experience for needy children and teenagers.
Poultry can be just as deceiving when trying to judge doneness by color alone.
Poultry can handle cold very well if they are dry.
Poultry consists of broilers, eggs and turkeys.
Poultry constitute a valuable source of protein for human diets in the form of both meat and eggs.
Poultry continues to be one of the primary reservoirs of the organism.
Poultry feed excluding feed additives like nutrients, medicines or supplements.
Poultry has less flexibility in grain feeding rates per animal unit than beef, dairy, and pork.
Poultry have a second chamber after the true stomach.
Poultry have a special digestive system that is only found in birds.
Poultry have a split in the upper hard palate of the beak that allows air into the nasal passages.
Poultry have high vitamin requirements.
Poultry includes roasted stuffed rock cornish hen or half a chicken with rosemary beurre blanc.
Poultry is a major component of processed meat in Mexico.
Poultry is a notorious source of bacteria that cause illness.
Poultry is a popular choice, for weekday supper or holiday picnic.
Poultry is a rapidly expanding industry in Western Kentucky.
Poultry is a source of proteins which have an excellent amino acid profile.
Poultry is also a favorite of the owls because they are easily captured.
Poultry is also suspect.
Poultry is also very popular throughout the country.
Poultry is America's choice.
Poultry is an excellent source of protein, and is much lower in fat than beef.
Poultry is an excellent source of protein.
Poultry is another rapid growth area.
Poultry is completely eviscerated and ready to cook.
Poultry is defined as chicken only.
Poultry is delicious espically when grilled on open fire.
Poultry is divided in to commercial and small specialty flocks.
Poultry is done when juices run clear and fully cooked fish flakes with a fork.
Poultry is done when no longer pink and juices run clear.
Poultry is eaten more often than red meat, and when red meat is eaten it is usually lamb.
Poultry is free-ranging, with full access to the outdoors.
Poultry is graded as A or B, with A being meatier and more attractive.
Poultry is no different.
Poultry is now back on the market.
Poultry is of great historical importance, having provided valuable food and eggs throughout time.
Poultry is often the last thing to go for people switching to a meatless diet.
Poultry is popular, and goose turns up on special occasions.
Poultry is probably the most difficult to pin down.
Poultry is purchased through a single co-op.
Poultry is ready when the juices run clear, and fully cooked fish flakes with a fork.
Poultry is reared, and besides dogs they have tamed parrots, swine, and os- triches.
Poultry is seen as a nutritious, economical, and versatile food choice.
Poultry is the fastest growing sector of Indian agriculture.
Poultry is the food most often contaminated with disease-causing organisms.
Poultry is the largest animal agriculture industry in the state, based on commodity value.
Poultry is the largest livestock industry, followed by dairy and beef cattle.
Poultry is the meat of chicken, turkey, duck, and goose.
Poultry is the most common source of Campylobacter infections.
Poultry is the only real form of currency there.
Poultry is the primary food vehicle for Campylobacter .
Poultry is treated separately.
Poultry is under consideration.
Poultry is very popular food product around the globe.
Poultry lectures series.
Poultry Look for poultry that is plump in shape with firm looking meat.
Poultry makes up the largest single component, followed by beef.
Poultry Mites Several kinds of mites attack poultry.
Poultry Never stuff poultry ahead of time.
Poultry Plants Inedible parts of the bird.
Poultry poorly digest the protein and fiber in grasses and legume hays.
Poultry produces more liquid waste than all of Maryland's human population.
Poultry raising farming also plays a certain role.
Poultry require a dry, draft-free house.
Poultry seem to be more affected with lethal factors than other animals.
Poultry seems to have revolutionized Ozarks agriculture for a second time.
Poultry shears pag.
Poultry shears work well for thinner cardboard.
Poultry sits above drippings and fat.
Poultry Write a newspaper editorial on safe preparation of poultry.
All poultry gets antibacterial additives in their feed.
All poultry has anti and post mortem inspection.
A pounce is a leap
Pounce contains pumice.
Pounce is made of painted and sewn textiles.
Pounce loves sneaking and slinking down the hall.
Pounces are leaps.
A pound cake is a cake
A pound cake is a loaf
Pound cake is a fine substitute for the angel food cake.
Pound cake made with rose scented geranium leaves is a classic.
Pound cake uses a pound of butter.
Pound cakes are cakes.
Pound cakes are food.
Pound cakes are loafs.
Pound cakes made with apple butter have a unique, extra moist taste.
Pound notes are the best religion in the world.
Pound seizure is illegal in England, Denmark, Sweden, and Holland.
Pound seizure is one of the most controversial issues of the animal research debate.
Pound sterling is an unit
Pound sterling is currency.
Pound sterling is the preferred currency.
A pound is a mass unit
Pound almonds with the same water.
Pound breasts flat.
Pound breasts thin and into egg mixture.
Pound bring during no gun before archived halter-top tanks.
Pound chicken out and dredge in flour.
Pound cry Articles below corner under none vitaly potapenko and marry through several hen.
Pound is also available through an affordable subscription .
Pound is also renowned for being one of the most outstanding novelty poets.
Pound isa unit.
Pound nails only with hammers and use a vise to hold small objects.
Pound plantains until smooth.
Pound says a new form is a new idea.
Pound seems to be the perfect man for the job.
Pound steaks to even thickness.
Pound steaks with meat mallet.
Pound strips flat to tenderize and season with salt, chile, or other desired flavors.
Pound uses Japanese spellings of Chinese proper names.
Pound uses the Japanese form of the place name.
Pounds are a unit of measurement in the customary system of units or the imperial unit system.
Pounds are currency.
Pounds are enclosures.
Pounds are notoriously under staffed and under funded.
Pounds are part of quarters.
Pounds are part of stones.
Pounds are software.
Pounds coil with hammer or mallet to shape end windings or remove coil from fixtures.
Pounds drop off quickly and with little effort.
Pounds have (part) half pounds.
Pounds have no inherent moral or ethical agenda.
Pounds is no stranger to running successes.
Pounds measure weight while pints measure liquid.
Pounds return because the diet is boring and unrealistic.
Pounds vary among people.
All pounds priced for carry out.
Every pound counts.
Every pound is important and it has been very touching to read the messages that are coming in.
Every pound is important.
Every pound works harder as there is no wastage.
A poundage is charge
Poundages are only relative when measured against the same modes, rep speeds and equipment.
Pounding are bumps.
Pounding are material handling.
Pounds sterling are preferable but dollar checks are certainly acceptable.
Pour beef shreds into the juice.
Pour bread crumbs into a flat dish.
Pour bread crumbs into a large pot lid and roll each slice to coat.
Pour bread crumbs into pie plate.
Pour bread crumbs into separate bowl.
Most pourable fluids are easy to fill.
POVA members receive a wide array of benefits , depending on their membership level.
POVA volunteers play a major role in the success of the organization.
Poverty alleviation accounts for about a third of the total programme.
Poverty alleviation ameliorates gender pressures.
Poverty alleviation has to be a central tenet of sustainable development.
Poverty alleviation has to be a national priority for all.
Poverty alleviation is a daunting task facing the global economy.
Poverty alleviation is a key to fighting hunger and malnutrition.
Poverty alleviation is important, as is reform of the international financial system.
Poverty alleviation is seen as a key objective of the development plans of the region's governments.
Poverty alleviation is the key to the puzzle.
Poverty alleviation is therefore a priority concern of the government.
Poverty alleviation needs to be underpinned by economic growth pro-poor growth.
Poverty alleviation remains the principal focus of our efforts.
Poverty eradication is in everyone's agenda.
Poverty eradication is likely to be a key theme.
Poverty eradication is really a top priority.
Poverty eradication is thus an overriding theme of sustainable development for the coming years.
Poverty eradication requires energy.
Poverty indicators are all high.
Poverty indicators are generally lower than average.
Poverty indicators are lower than average.
A poverty level is a personal income
Poverty levels are also determined for families of various sizes.
Poverty levels are high and literacy rates low.
Poverty levels are on the rise.
Poverty levels remain stubborrnly high.
A poverty line is a personal income
Poverty line improves .
Poverty line is an abstraction that s essential to measure how poor a country is.
Poverty line is too low to live on.
Poverty lines are only a means to an end, the report says.
Poverty lines are personal incomes.
Poverty Lines are threshold income values.
Poverty lines work best when they are used to measure the incomes of large groups of people.
All poverty lines are arbitrary .
All poverty lines are arbitrary.
All poverty lines are relative .
All poverty lines are relative.
Some poverty lines are better than others at measuring changes in poverty over time.
Some poverty lines are better than others because they focus on disposable income or cash on hand.
Poverty maps based on census data but constructed in an ad-hoc manner can be unreliable.
Poverty maps based on census data, but constructed in an ad-hoc manner, can be quite unreliable.
Poverty of speech refers to a diminishment of thoughts reflected in a decreased amount of speech.
Poverty rates are broadly related to economic trends which also influence population gain or loss.
Poverty rates are consistently higher in nonmetropolitan areas than in metro areas.
Poverty rates are down and the crime rate is lower.
Poverty rates are far higher for families headed by single woman.
Poverty rates are higher overall, except among college graduates.
Poverty rates are lower than in most other nearby counties, as well as the state and nation.
Poverty rates are much higher in the United States than in many other industrialized countries.
Poverty rates are particularly steep for Hawaiian children.
Poverty rates are something most people understand.
Poverty rates are somewhat higher there, and levels of educational attainment are noticeably lower.
Poverty rates are way down.
Poverty rates based on the updated threshold are much lower and substantially below initial levels.
Poverty rates remain high for certain groups of children and families.
Poverty rates remain higher than in most other industrialized countries.
Poverty rates remain inexcusably high, especially for children.
Poverty rates vary greatly among subgroups.
Poverty reduction continues to be a central objective of international policy-making.
Poverty reduction is a twin function of the rate of growth and of changes in income distribution.
Poverty reduction is an important challenge in today's development issues.
Poverty reduction is an important means to secure civil and political human rights.
Poverty reduction is another area of concern.
Poverty reduction is as urgent a priority as capacity building for African countries.
Poverty reduction is difficult and challenging.
Poverty reduction is the absolute priority .
Poverty reduction is the main goal of indebted poor countries.
Poverty reduction is the prime goal of our development co-operation programmes.
Poverty reduction is thus an essential goal and indispensable condition for sustainability.
Poverty reduction remains an urgent priority.
Poverty reduction remains the central challenge in the region.
Poverty reduction requires economic growth.
Poverty thresholds vary by family size and composition.
Poverty weed is a perennial forb native to California and much of the Western United States.
Poverty abounds in our kingdom with the people unable to afford even the necessities of life.
Poverty affects all areas of a child's development.
Poverty affects all aspects of a household, including the ability to find housing.
Poverty affects all communities.
Poverty affects brain development.
Poverty affects children of all races.
Poverty affects development.
Poverty affects environments.
Poverty affects every indicator of child well being.
Poverty affects everyone.
Poverty affects everything in it as well as around it.
Poverty affects how ready a child is to start school.
Poverty affects people severely.
Poverty affects people's health as well as their ability to access and use literacy services.
Poverty affects the mental health of all children.
Poverty affects the quality of housing for families with children.
Poverty affects women and children more than other groups.
Poverty afflicts an intolerably large proportion of the world's population.
Poverty affords a degree of protection, especially in smaller centers.
Poverty alone puts any family at risk.
Poverty also affects the country unevenly, falling harder on areas in the north and west.
Poverty also exists in the urban areas.
Poverty also has a certain attraction.
Poverty also has a stubborn presence in the Caribbean and even in the United States and Canada.
Poverty also heightens gender differences.
Poverty also implies discerning what is necessary for daily living.
Poverty also influences children's post-divorce family life for the worse.
Poverty also lies at the heart of other barriers to inclusion.
Poverty also makes it difficult to purchase some of the commodities conducive to good health.
Poverty also makes recovery from such events even more difficult.
Poverty also plays a crucial role.
Poverty also plays a role in the ineffectiveness of the educational system.
Poverty also plays a role, and nonwhite women are more likely to be poor.
Poverty also plays a role.
Poverty also prevents people from making a meaningful contribution to society.
Poverty also remains widespread, especially among pensioners and in less developed regions.
Poverty also tends to have a disproportionately severe effect on indigenous people.
Poverty anywhere constitutes a danger to prosperity everywhere.
Poverty appears high among the indigenous groups.
Poverty appears to be endemic to the political and economic system inside the United States.
Poverty becomes a state of mind, a fulfilled expectation.
Poverty becomes entrenched.
Poverty becomes the dominant social problem for the host city.
Poverty begins at home.
Poverty begins to look attractive.
Poverty binds people.
Poverty breeds a vicious cycle of low educational attainment and thus poor employment prospects.
Poverty breeds conflict, say Western politicians.
Poverty breeds creativity.
Poverty breeds crime.
Poverty breeds despair and despair breeds extremism, intolerance and aggression.
Poverty breeds desperation and stress and frustration and anger.
Poverty breeds desperation.
Poverty breeds discontent.
Poverty breeds domestic violence, criminal activity, neglect and stress.
Poverty breeds ill-health that is nothing new.
Poverty breeds lack of self-reliance.
Poverty breeds more poverty, and more poverty breeds more hunger.
Poverty breeds poverty.
Poverty breeds violence and hatred.
Poverty breeds violence.
Poverty brings with it all kinds of behaviors that have to be dealt with.
Poverty can also cause low food intake.
Poverty can also force women into situations in which they are vulnerable to sexual exploitation.
Poverty can and often does play a big role in a school's performance.
Poverty can be a disincentive to undertaking improved land management practices and intensification.
Poverty can be a test also.
Poverty can be absolute or relative.
Poverty can be an important predictor of health status within a population.
Poverty can be bad, but it can also be fine.
Poverty can be cyclical.
Poverty can be dangerous.
Poverty can be relative.
Poverty can contribute to social isolation.
Poverty can have a negative effect on married couples and their children.
Poverty can impact adversely on health, can lead to social isolation, crime and drug abuse.
Poverty can lead to crime and violence, political instability, and an overall poor quality of life.
Poverty can lead to crime.
Poverty can make a terrible mockery of the information revolution.
Poverty can only exacerbate the impact of the virus.
Poverty can place a burden on the child at a young age.
Poverty can result in hunger and compromised food quality and nutrition status.
Poverty can take many forms, spiritual as well as material.
Poverty can tear at the fabric of society.
Poverty causes crime is an example of oversimplifying the cause that generates an effect.
Poverty causes crime.
Poverty causes digital impoverishment, which in turn contributes to continued povertization.
Poverty causes high birth rates.
Poverty causes hunger.
Poverty causes single parenthood.
Poverty certainly plays a role.
Poverty clearly affects physical and psychological well-being.
Poverty combined with a lack of education can fuel the fires of ethnic distrust and hatred.
Poverty comes from stupidity and impulse gratification.
Poverty comes home.
Poverty comes in all colors, including white.
Poverty comes in at least four different forms.
Poverty comes in the wake of chronic illness, i.e., chronic illness causes poverty.
Poverty compounds the crisis.
Poverty continues to affect far too many people in the world.
Poverty continues to be a growing concern throughout the world.
Poverty continues to be an ongoing and significant issue confronted by women.
Poverty continues to be concentrated in rural areas.
Poverty continues to be one of the biggest challenges for Latin American countries.
Poverty continues to blight the lives of many in Scotland.
Poverty continues to characterize some population groups more than others.
Poverty continues to exist because it is tolerated.
Poverty continues to fall and is lower than official measures suggest.
Poverty continues to haunt many cities and the countryside.
Poverty continues to oppress individuals and communities.
Poverty continues to plague the developing world.
Poverty continues to rise and average income, after adjusting for inflation, remains stagnant.
Poverty continues to stalk over a vast part of the world among and within countries.
Poverty continues to worsen despite the economic upturn.
Poverty contributes significantly to malnutrition among older people.
Poverty contributes to the harming of nature in two ways.
Poverty creates a lack of exposure.
Poverty creates an environment that ensures the virus is spread.
Poverty creates conditions for disability.
Poverty creates political and social instability.
Poverty creates the conditions for disability and disability reinforces poverty.
Poverty cripples the individual in many ways. . . .
Poverty crosses all racial and ethnic lines.
Poverty declines as the share of income from nonagricultural sources rises.
Poverty defeats many people's desire to express themselves.
Poverty demeans women.
Poverty denies schooling, but exclusion from education in turn perpetuates the cycle of poverty.
Poverty depletes social and human capital.
Poverty deprives people of choice.
Poverty deprives people of the opportunity to live a real life.
Poverty diminishes the ability of many students to come to school ready to learn.
Poverty disables environmental improvements.
Poverty disproportionately victimises children and women.
Poverty does exist.
Poverty drives children into hazardous labour.
Poverty drives many gay men and street children to become prostitutes.
Poverty drives people to desperation.
Poverty drives the trafficking industry.
Poverty encourages people to misuse environment and resources.
Poverty encourages the use of slash and burn agriculture to grow food.
Poverty engenders a series of scourges on the continent.
Poverty ensures that every bit of a resource is reused, recycled, or otherwise utilized.
Poverty exacts an unacceptable toll on children.
Poverty exerts a strong influence on how well a child does in school.
Poverty exists everywhere.
Poverty exists in all regions, most particularly urban ones.
Poverty exists in every region, state, city and community in America.
Poverty exists in Jerusalem.
Poverty exists throughout the state.
Poverty expels children onto the streets.
Poverty experienced by women continues into old age due to the inequalities in pension rights.
Poverty exposes women and girls to be abused and to higher risk behavior.
Poverty ferments conflict, social unrest, and disease.
Poverty forces children to be miniature adults during the early years.
Poverty forces many children to drop out of school in order to help support their families.
Poverty forces nations to misuse resources and mismanage their environments.
Poverty forces people to compromise their health and basic quality of life just to make ends meet.
Poverty forces the kids to venture into the woods to find food.
Poverty generates deprivation.
Poverty gives a man strange bedfellows.
Poverty gives rise to conflict, which in turn further aggravates it.
Poverty goes hand in hand with malnutrition and disease.
Poverty goes with illiteracy.
Poverty greatly affects the environment.
Poverty greatly exacerbates the problem.
Poverty grips the island yet proud kids go to school dressed smartly in uniforms.
Poverty has a bigger impact on neglect than on physical abuse, though.
Poverty has a crippling effect rendering the poor unable to improve their condition.
Poverty has a direct effect on health.
Poverty has a disproportionate effect on children.
Poverty has a severe impact on the future of Lithuania.
Poverty has a way of strangling a person's ambition and potential.
Poverty has a worldwide gender bias.
Poverty has an adverse impact on each of the supporting conditions identified in the model above.
Poverty has clung to some parts of London for at least a hundred years.
Poverty has devastating effects on children and their development.
Poverty has devastating effects on our society and our economy.
Poverty has different meanings.
Poverty has impacts on children that carry far into their futures.
Poverty has many causes, and people differ about which are the most important.
Poverty has many causes.
Poverty has many dimensions.
Poverty has many faces.
Poverty has many roots, but the tap root is ignorance.
Poverty has more.
Poverty has no kin.
Poverty has no natural tendency to engender selfishness, but wealth requires it.
Poverty has no virtue.
Poverty has power, too, a power that holds people where they are.
Poverty has severe and expensive social costs.
Poverty has various causes, including structural ones.
Poverty heightens infant mortality, disease, illiteracy, and unemployment and shortens life itself.
Poverty helps no one.
Poverty helps to ensure that dirty, dangerous, menial and undignified work gets done.
Poverty helps to guarantee the status of the non-poor.
Poverty hits children hardest.
Poverty holds down labor costs, increasing profits.
Poverty hurts Oklahoma children.
Poverty hurts, of course.
Poverty impacts on the environment in two ways.
Poverty impacts the self-esteem of fathers unable to provide for their families.
Poverty increases among the elderly as they get older.
Poverty increases tenfold, forcing workers to migrate in search of living-wage jobs.
Poverty increases the risk of certain cancers, notably cancer of the stomach and liver.
Poverty increases with age, especially among older women of color and older women who live alone.
Poverty increases with age.
Poverty induces migration to the lands of perceived opportunities.
Poverty is a big driver.
Poverty is a big enough problem to allow for personalized plans of action.
Poverty is a blatant form of social injustice.
Poverty is a brutal denial of human rights.
Poverty is a bump in the road for a lot of immigrant families.
Poverty is a chain that binds man to man.
Poverty is a classic American problem that many American citizens encounter everyday.
Poverty is a commodity that fetches a high price on the luxury market.
Poverty is a complex problem requiring changes in both individuals and their social environments.
Poverty is a condition that can subvert piety.
Poverty is a condition whose roots run much deeper than can be seen at first glance.
Poverty is a consequence of exploitation and weakness in the economic system itself.
Poverty is a consideration that impacts disability rates.
Poverty is a contributing factor for the recruitment of indigenous child soldiers.
Poverty is a cruel abuse of human rights.
Poverty is a curse, a sin, a blasphemy and an indictment of the whole spectrum of humankind.
Poverty is a daily reality for most.
Poverty is a debasing word.
Poverty is a difficult and complex problem that is devastating communities all over our country.
Poverty is a disease of the mind, and a disease of the spirit.
Poverty is a disease of the mind.
Poverty is a disgrace for humankind.
Poverty is a fact.
Poverty is a factor in rural education outcomes.
Poverty is a factor in the high dropout rates experienced in Cambodian schools.
Poverty is a factor.
Poverty is a financial condition
Poverty is a form of violence and a primary cause of violent conflict.
Poverty is a function of both the level of income and the degree of inequality of wealth.
Poverty is a fundamental cause of food insecurity in the Horn of Africa.
Poverty is a fundamental obstacle to growth and development.
Poverty is a great hindrance to progress everywhere.
Poverty is a greater evil to society than illiteracy.
Poverty is a gross violation of human rights.
Poverty is a harsh reality throughout the region.
Poverty is a huge thing in the suffering church.
Poverty is a human rights violation.
Poverty is a hurdle in the way of a country's progress.
Poverty is a joke to the wealthy, and wealth is a joke to the poor.
Poverty is a key factor affecting health status, and the expectation and quality of life .
Poverty is a key factor both as a contributing cause and a result of disability.
Poverty is a key reason black health statistics are so bad.
Poverty is a lack of goods and services necessary to maintain a minimal adequate standard of living.
Poverty is a latent function of societal arrangements.
Poverty is a leading cause of environmental degradation.
Poverty is a leading cause of the accelerating increase in the spread of the disease.
Poverty is a major cause and sustaining force for gender inequality.
Poverty is a major consequence of deteriorating or slow economic growth.
Poverty is a major contributor to violence.
Poverty is a major factor in the deforestation of tropical countries.
Poverty is a major factor.
Poverty is a major hindrance.
Poverty is a major problem and has fallen off the radar screen.
Poverty is a major social cause of food insecurity and weight loss.
Poverty is a man-made disease.
Poverty is a matter of politics, as well as of money.
Poverty is a mental disease that stems from low self-esteem.
Poverty is a mental disease.
Poverty is a mentality.
Poverty is a more pressing problem than pollution.
Poverty is a multi- dimensional problem.
Poverty is a multi-dimensional and complex reality.
Poverty is a national problem, requiring improved national organization and support.
Poverty is a pathogen.
Poverty is a pathway to depression.
Poverty is a persistent issue.
Poverty is a pervasive factor in accentuating all aspects of poor health.
Poverty is a primary cause of hunger.
Poverty is a principal factor in causing food insecurity, hunger, malnutrition and undernutrition.
Poverty is a problem confronting most of the world's societies.
Poverty is a problem in Jacksonville, as in many other U.S. cities.
Poverty is a problem spread throughout the country of Mexico.
Poverty is a problem that cuts across racial and ethnic boundaries.
Poverty is a problem that weakens families' abilities to cope.
Poverty is a problem.
Poverty is a product of our history.
Poverty is a real issue in Australia.
Poverty is a real possibility for retirees.
Poverty is a real struggle that s purpose is to merely survive.
Poverty is a reality for too many.
Poverty is a relative concept.
Poverty is a relative term.
Poverty is a result of human sin.
Poverty is a risk factor.
Poverty is a serious issue in Brazil, and elsewhere in Latin America.
Poverty is a serious problem in one of the richest industrialized nations in the world.
Poverty is a serious risk to children s health and the overall cost of child poverty is great.
Poverty is a shared problem that calls for shared action and shared remedies.
Poverty is a significant, persistent problem in the developing world.
Poverty is a sin, because it comes from a lack of faith.
Poverty is a social issue faced by many here.
Poverty is a social status.
Poverty is a societal problem.
Poverty is a state of serious deprivation.
Poverty is a strong term.
Poverty is a third factor which affects political participation.
Poverty is a threat to democracy.
Poverty is a triggering factor for illiteracy, disease, violence and mental suffering.
Poverty is a very big issue.
Poverty is a very real problem in Iowa's school districts.
Poverty is a vivid reality for millions living in Asia.
Poverty is a way of life.
Poverty is a wonderful thing.
Poverty is about dodging bullets.
Poverty is about individual failure.
Poverty is absent - indeed, none of the families is anywhere near the poverty level.
Poverty is accentuated.
Poverty is acknowledged as the greatest determinant of ill health.
Poverty is acute in rural households as a whole.
Poverty is acute in the rural areas.
Poverty is adorned when greatness is born from it.
Poverty is already extreme.
Poverty is already very high and good jobs scarce.
Poverty is also a big factor on who gets executed.
Poverty is also a big hurdle in girls' education.
Poverty is also a form of pressure on the refugees to emigrate.
Poverty is also a major concern for women of childbearing age who have diabetes.
Poverty is also a major problem in Ecuador.
Poverty is also a moral issue.
Poverty is also a problem in developed nations.
Poverty is also a risk factor for cervical cancer.
Poverty is also an affront to human dignity.
Poverty is also at work.
Poverty is also more difficult to deal with today than it was in the sixties.
Poverty is also one of the main causes of vulnerability in most parts of the world.
Poverty is also prevalent in several countries in the North, especially in the largest cities.
Poverty is also the cause of many wars and conflicts in Africa.
Poverty is also the mark of a potential male victim.
Poverty is also violence.
Poverty is an acid that drips on pride until all pride is worn away.
Poverty is an anomaly to rich people.
Poverty is an attack on human rights and human dignity.
Poverty is an economic condition with moral ramifications.
Poverty is an enormous problem in thisarea, and there are huge disparities in standards of living.
Poverty is an even bigger calamity in the developing world.
Poverty is an ever-present daily reality.
Poverty is an expression of the lag between population and technology Malthusian theories.
Poverty is an important and emotional issue.
Poverty is an important theme of the novel.
Poverty is an industry.
Poverty is an insult.
Poverty is an integral piece of the population puzzle.
Poverty is an international issue.
Poverty is an issue in our community.
Poverty is an issue that affects our society incredibly.
Poverty is an obscenity.
Poverty is an overall condition of inadequacy, lacking, and scarcity.
Poverty is an unacceptable human condition.
Poverty is an underlying cause of environmental degradation.
Poverty is an underlying cause of many disabilities.
Poverty is an unknown evil.
Poverty is another big issue in the novel and many of the main characters struggle financially.
Poverty is another form of violence.
Poverty is another major problem in Vancouver.
Poverty is another reason.
Poverty is another.
Poverty is as much a human rights issue as arbitrary arrest.
Poverty is as much about food as it is about money and education.
Poverty is associated with divorce and problem children.
Poverty is associated with many negative outcomes for both adults and children.
Poverty is associated with poorer school outcomes for children.
Poverty is associated with social circumstances that influence health.
Poverty is at an all-time high.
Poverty is at the same time culture bound and universal.
Poverty is back on the agenda.
Poverty is bad business.
Poverty is bad for children and other living things.
Poverty is bad policy .
Poverty is bearable when it is bereft of debt.
Poverty is blamed for crime.
Poverty is both a cause and an effect of environmental destruction.
Poverty is both a consequence of land degradation and one of the causes.
Poverty is both a contributor to, and a major consequence of, environmental degradation.
Poverty is both more prevalent and increasing more rapidly in Missouri's rural counties.
Poverty is brutal.
Poverty is but a state of mind.
Poverty is but the worst form of violence.
Poverty is by far the principal cause of tropical deforestation.
Poverty is caused by low self-esteem.
Poverty is caused by third world elites.
Poverty is central to why parents send their children to work.
Poverty is central.
Poverty is certainly a problem in very poor countries.
Poverty is certainly a regular social institution.
Poverty is common in Nepal.
Poverty is complex, multidimensional.
Poverty is compounded by issues of race, class, gender and locality.
Poverty is concentrated in female-headed families with children.
Poverty is condemned as the result of imperfect faith.
Poverty is considered one of the core problems in the area.
Poverty is costly.
Poverty is created by inherent socio-economic and political structures.
Poverty is curses.
Poverty is cyclic.
Poverty is dealt with as though it had no relationship to capitalism.
Poverty is deep and widespread in a large population base.
Poverty is deep, widespread, and worsening.
Poverty is defined as a family who live on less than half the average income.
Poverty is defined with respect to ownership of assets.
Poverty is deprivation.
Poverty is desperate.
Poverty is different than inequality.
Poverty is dirt.
Poverty is down, growth has almost doubled, and investors are trickling in.
Poverty is down.
Poverty is due to the economic growth model of development.
Poverty is due to weakness in societal institutions.
Poverty is endemic and widespread.
Poverty is endemic in Latin America.
Poverty is endemic in Nigeria.
Poverty is endemic.
Poverty is epidemic in the Palestinian communities.
Poverty is especially prevalent among rural minorities, who number one if four of rural students.
Poverty is even likely to increase slightly.
Poverty is even more strongly associated with births outside marriage.
Poverty is everyone's responsibility.
Poverty is everywhere in Haiti, staring, ridiculing all efforts to alleviate it.
Poverty is everywhere.
Poverty is evident, but less so than on many Carribean islands.
Poverty is extremely feminized and racialized.
Poverty is extremely marketable.
Poverty is financial conditions.
Poverty is for losers, for the lazy, for the stupid.
Poverty is good and contains within itself all the good things in the world.
Poverty is government policy and anybody that is bashed becomes cheaper in the labour market.
Poverty is hard.
Poverty is high and increasing.
Poverty is high.
Poverty is highest among aboriginal seniors.
Poverty is highest among food crop farmers, who also gained the least.
Poverty is horrible.
Poverty is hunger.
Poverty is immoral.
Poverty is in.
Poverty is increasingly a feminine social disease.
Poverty is incredibly rich.
Poverty is indeed the cause of inhuman living and working conditions.
Poverty is indivisible.
Poverty is institutionalized.
Poverty is insufficient to create that pool of women, no matter how hungry women get.
Poverty is inversely proportional to increasing debts in developing nations.
Poverty is lack of income and property.
Poverty is lack of shelter.
Poverty is less present in families with full-time jobs.
Poverty is life's cheapest lesson.
Poverty is like gravity, a condition that affects every aspect of life.
Poverty is linked to poor environmental conditions.
Poverty is lived as deprivation in comparison with the lifestyles of the middle and upper classes.
Poverty is low, and so is the demand for food stamps and unemployment and other assistance.
Poverty is lower.
Poverty is made by people.
Poverty is mainly rural located.
Poverty is material.
Poverty is measured by comparing income from all sources with official poverty thresholds.
Poverty is measured by counting the number of households whose income is half of the average.
Poverty is measured by levels of consumption.
Poverty is measured in schools by using the eligibility for the school lunch program.
Poverty is measured in terms of income.
Poverty is morally, socially and economically unacceptable.
Poverty is more adverse to early marriages than is natural bad temper, or inferiority of intellect.
Poverty is more and more evident.
Poverty is more complex.
Poverty is more likely to be the result of being underemployed than of being underpaid.
Poverty is more of an occasion and provocation of crime than wealth.
Poverty is more pervasive in rural areas but more severe in towns.
Poverty is more than a lack of money and income.
Poverty is more than a material condition, it is also a condition of the spirit.
Poverty is more than just the absence of material wealth.
Poverty is more than lack of income.
Poverty is more widespread in rural areas than in urban areas.
Poverty is much more complex than simply income deprivation.
Poverty is much more widespread in Canada than most people realize.
Poverty is much too complex and deep-seated for that.
Poverty is multi-dimensional and the various 'aspects' which 'constitute' poverty can vary.
Poverty is multi-dimensional.
Poverty is necessary.
Poverty is never a natural disaster.
Poverty is no ally of peace.
Poverty is no crime.
Poverty is no excuse for killing fellow beings.
Poverty is no fun.
Poverty is no longer just an inter-city problem.
Poverty is no mystery.
Poverty is no shame.
Poverty is no sin.
Poverty is no vice, but an inconvenience.
Poverty is normal.
Poverty is now one of the main drivers of the global epidemic.
Poverty is now widespread and workers frequently go unpaid for months.
Poverty is obviously a major issue here.
Poverty is obviously a result of slavery.
Poverty is often a result of a marriage disconnection.
Poverty is often off the beaten track.
Poverty is often the surface excuse for a problem with deeper roots.
Poverty is on the increase.
Poverty is on the rise in Pakistan.
Poverty is on the rise, and income inequality widens.
Poverty is on the rise.
Poverty is one example.
Poverty is one important barrier to good cancer care.
Poverty is one issue that is related to teen pregnancy.
Poverty is one of endless examples.
Poverty is one of the biggest barriers to women's health.
Poverty is one of the greatest problems in Asia.
Poverty is one of the main reasons they end up living on the streets.
Poverty is one of the major causes of family deterioration.
Poverty is one of the major causes of mental and emotional problems.
Poverty is one of the major factors underpinning the practice.
Poverty is one of the major problems facing India.
Poverty is one of the more unfortunate, yet silent, symptoms of mental illness.
Poverty is one of the most common reasons for family breakdown.
Poverty is one of the most important determinants of health status.
Poverty is one of the most serious problems facing the South African population.
Poverty is one of the roots of conflict and destabilizes society.
Poverty is one of the underlying causes to the severe consequences of the hurricane.
Poverty is only a pay cheque away.
Poverty is only one albeit very serious problem that many human beings face.
Poverty is only one factor in a child's development.
Poverty is our common ancestor.
Poverty is our destination.
Poverty is our main bottleneck.
Poverty is part of the problem but the big picture goes further than that.
Poverty is perhaps the greatest barrier to realizing human rights.
Poverty is perhaps the greatest constraint.
Poverty is pleased.
Poverty is political.
Poverty is powerlessness, lack of representation and freedom.
Poverty is present in all cultures and communities.
Poverty is prevalent.
Poverty is produced by an unjust distribution of wealth.
Poverty is profoundly detrimental to all groups of society, including the most privileged.
Poverty is rampant.
Poverty is real, despite a booming economy.
Poverty is really a feminist issue too since there are more poor women and mothers than men.
Poverty is recognized as the single most significant indicator of health status.
Poverty is reflected in rudimentary agricultural techniques.
Poverty is related to violence.
Poverty is Relative.
Poverty is relatively high and income levels are relatively low.
Poverty is relatively rare.
Poverty is relentless.
Poverty is revealed here as a gendered phenomenon.
Poverty is rife along both sides of the border.
Poverty is routine.
Poverty is scary.
Poverty is separatism.
Poverty is severe, drugs and crime are rampant, and the traditional family all but disappears.
Poverty is severe.
Poverty is significantly related to incidence rates in nearly every category of maltreatment.
Poverty is significantly related to poor neonatal health.
Poverty is simply a state of mind.
Poverty is situations.
Poverty is slavery.
Poverty is so widespread that many people only just about scrape by.
Poverty is social exclusion.
Poverty is still a bitter, intractable reality in the black community.
Poverty is still a curse.
Poverty is still a fact of life for hundreds of millions.
Poverty is still a serious problem in many counties of the state.
Poverty is still an important issue.
Poverty is still everywhere.
Poverty is still manifest, structural distortions persist, and income distribution is highly skewed.
Poverty is still paramount.
Poverty is still severe, with more than a quarter of the population considered extremely poor.
Poverty is still significantly higher than in most parts of New York.
Poverty is still the gravest insult to human dignity.
Poverty is still the root of great suffering in today's world even in the developed countries.
Poverty is still very much as relevant today as it was to our ancient ancestors.
Poverty is still widespread in Mississippi.
Poverty is ten times worse.
Poverty is terribly hard to get out of.
Poverty is the background, the foreground and the middle stage from which other themes emerge.
Poverty is the barrier between the developing world and a developed world.
Poverty is the biggest barrier for social inclusion.
Poverty is the biggest cause of deforestation.
Poverty is the cause of child labour, and it is thought that it disappears as incomes rise.
Poverty is the cause of rapid population growth and many other evils.
Poverty is the cause.
Poverty is the denial of all human rights.
Poverty is the denial of various choices and opportunities basic to human development.
Poverty is the enemy of peace, democracy and development.
Poverty is the enemy of the environment - and the enemy of freedom.
Poverty is the factor that puts children most at risk.
Poverty is the failure of the individual.
Poverty is the first prison.
Poverty is the greatest cause of ill health.
Poverty is the greatest challenge to mankind.
Poverty is the greatest pollutant.
Poverty is the greatest risk to the well-being of children.
Poverty is the greatest threat to the child's right to survival and development.
Poverty is the highest.
Poverty is the inventor of all arts.
Poverty is the key factor restricting access to safe, affordable housing.
Poverty is the lack of ability to access power.
Poverty is the lack of options.
Poverty is the lower part of the evolutionary chain of man.
Poverty is the main cause of child labor, and both are widespread in South Asia.
Poverty is the main cause of hunger.
Poverty is the main factor that keeps girls out of school.
Poverty is the main reason children are forced to work.
Poverty is the main reason for child labour.
Poverty is the main reason they are driven to drugs.
Poverty is the main villain due to which people are uneducated.
Poverty is the major cause of food insecurity and offends human dignity.
Poverty is the major cause of hunger throughout the world.
Poverty is the major problem.
Poverty is the major security problem both within and without our country.
Poverty is the medium in which hatred and cold-blooded oppression thrives.
Poverty is the mirror where independence of others is reflected.
Poverty is the most destabilizing social force.
Poverty is the most pernicious environmental and social pollutant.
Poverty is the most persistent cause and the most pernicious effect of human disaster.
Poverty is the most prevalent contributing factor for emaciation.
Poverty is the most prevalent violation of human rights.
Poverty is the mother of all arts.
Poverty is the mother of all the arts.
Poverty is the mother of crime, want of sense is the father.
Poverty is the mother of crime.
Poverty is the mother of health.
Poverty is the mother of invention.
Poverty is the norm.
Poverty is the number one health problem , in developing and developed nations alike .
Poverty is the number one health problem, in developing and developed nations alike.
Poverty is the overriding insult.
Poverty is the primary disease.
Poverty is the primary motivation for sending children outside of the home to work.
Poverty is the product of little or no education.
Poverty is the reality in Mexico, both physical and spiritual poverty.
Poverty is the result of circumstances over which the poor themselves have little or no control.
Poverty is the result of human choices, values and priorities.
Poverty is the root cause of crime.
Poverty is the root cause of environmental degradation.
Poverty is the root cause of food insecurity.
Poverty is the root cause of lack of schooling, insufficient nutrition, and inadequate health care.
Poverty is the root cause of malnutrition.
Poverty is the root cause of many unethical practices.
Poverty is the root cause of the world's ills.
Poverty is the root of all evils.
Poverty is the scar on humanity's face.
Poverty is the severest tormentor of man kind.
Poverty is the single largest barrier to achieving sustainability through the market.
Poverty is the single most devastating reality facing our urban communities.
Poverty is the single most important factor affecting the health status of adolescents.
Poverty is the single most important predictor of student success in school.
Poverty is the solution.
Poverty is the ultimate freedom.
Poverty is the underlying obstacle to human well-being.
Poverty is the underlying problem welfare programs seek to alleviate.
Poverty is the unequivocal condition of our credibility.
Poverty is the world's leading cause of death.
Poverty is the worst form of violence.
Poverty is the worst kind of enemy that destroys.
Poverty is the worst pollutant.
Poverty is the worst violation of human rights.
Poverty is the worst violator of human dignity and human rights.
Poverty is their destiny.
Poverty is their life partner.
Poverty is their result.
Poverty is their reward when they work, starvation when they lose their jobs.
Poverty is therefore an important indicator of the absence of satisfactory economic development.
Poverty is therefore an inevitable product of all systems of social inequality.
Poverty is to have that blanket taken away.
Poverty is tough on families in so many ways.
Poverty is ugly and confronting.
Poverty is understated.
Poverty is understood and defined by people in many ways.
Poverty is understood as simplicity of life.
Poverty is used to control inflation and more.
Poverty is very predatory.
Poverty is very punishing.
Poverty is violence.
Poverty is Violence.
Poverty is visible and seems to be growing.
Poverty is voicelessness.
Poverty is wealth if it is brought about for causes that raise a man in the esteem of the world.
Poverty is wealth.
Poverty is widespread and deep.
Poverty is widespread and highly visible in some areas. .
Poverty is widespread and highly visible.
Poverty is widespread and on the increase.
Poverty is widespread in Africa, with the majority of the poor living in rural areas.
Poverty is widespread in both counties.
Poverty is widespread in the country.
Poverty is widespread in the rural areas of Ethiopia.
Poverty is widespread with no sign of economic improvement.
Poverty is widespread, and foreign aid is all that prevents disaster.
Poverty is widespread, and millions of families struggle to simply survive.
Poverty is widespread.
Poverty is within.
Poverty is, by definition, the inability to consume.
Poverty is, in their view, a matter of inequality.
Poverty is, therefore, the first and greatest cause of human rights violations in the world.
Poverty is, unfortunately, a common result of the high cost of nursing home care.
Poverty isa condition.
Poverty keeps increasing in spite of our efforts.
Poverty keeps people from replacing things until they absolutely wear out.
Poverty kills a child every three seconds.
Poverty knits 'em together.
Poverty knows no boundaries, nor does wildlife, waterways or pollution.
Poverty knows no cultural, racial or religious borderlines.
Poverty leads to crime and drug abuse.
Poverty leads to degradations.
Poverty leads to despair.
Poverty leads to desperation and desperation can lead to crime.
Poverty leads to dysfunctional behavior regardless of race.
Poverty leads to hunger.
Poverty leads to powerlessness, and powerlessness leads to poverty.
Poverty leads to prostitution, begging, and violence.
Poverty leads to situations.
Poverty leads to subhumanoid attrition of human body and spirit.
Poverty leads to the degradation of the environment.
Poverty leads to the exploitation of children as laborers and to sexual exploitation.
Poverty leads to the migration of populations.
Poverty lies at the root of food insecurity.
Poverty looks at using energies, talents, time and resources for the good of other people.
Poverty makes a hog gentle.
Poverty makes an entire family vulnerable.
Poverty makes babies.
Poverty makes children hungry, sick, and less able to learn.
Poverty makes good fellowship.
Poverty makes hundreds of millions of people vulnerable to infectious diseases.
Poverty makes it difficult to resolve social tensions and to establish a resilient civil society.
Poverty makes people malnourished.
Poverty makes promiscuity look normal.
Poverty makes the government more flexible.
Poverty makes the situation even more devistating.
Poverty manifests itself in many ways and affects our people differently.
Poverty marks most of the houses as clearly as paint.
Poverty means losing one s good fortune.
Poverty means more than lack of income.
Poverty means that young men have no stake in staying where they are.
Poverty needs to be to tackled at the micro level.
Poverty negatively affects family functioning and children's school results.
Poverty occurs in both developing countries and developed countries .
Poverty overwhelmingly resides in the city's Black and Hispanic neighborhoods.
Poverty overwhelms many Indian households.
Poverty pays There's profit in poverty.
Poverty perpetuates ill health.
Poverty perpetuates poor excuses for bad examples of underprivileged complainers.
Poverty persists and even worsens despite the decline in welfare rolls.
Poverty persists as the fundamental challenge for a region commit ted to economic reform.
Poverty persists in the midst of plenty.
Poverty persists, but near-elimination of child poverty seems within reach.
Poverty plagues older women for several interrelated reasons.
Poverty plays a big part.
Poverty plays a huge role in crime and violence.
Poverty plays a major part because parents can t afford to raise their families.
Poverty plays a major role in the transmission of the disease as well.
Poverty plays a role in keeping people uninformed because of their illiteracy.
Poverty prevents both women and men from exercising their reproductive and sexual rights.
Poverty prevents the people of the Congo from affording shoes.
Poverty produces ill health, illiteracy and crime.
Poverty puts children at a greater risk of falling behind in school.
Poverty puts many of Ethiopia's children at high risk.
Poverty reduces children s opportunity to learn, both in the family and at school.
Poverty reduces children's opportunity to learn, both in the family and at school.
Poverty reduces human beings to a sub-animal level of existence.
Poverty remains a constant.
Poverty remains a major cause of undernutrition and ill-health.
Poverty remains a major problem in the region.
Poverty remains a scourge, but the war against it has been declared.
Poverty remains a serious problem in Pakistan.
Poverty remains a tremendous problem.
Poverty remains a way of life for roughly one-third of the people in Latin America.
Poverty remains an intractable challenge in many rural areas.
Poverty remains at the root of several environmental problems.
Poverty remains endemic among the majority population and far too many face continued unemployment.
Poverty remains highly concentrated in certain neighborhoods.
Poverty remains intractable despite economic growth in many countries.
Poverty remains severe in pockets of West Virginia, Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama.
Poverty remains stubbornly high.
Poverty remains the most profound threat to children's survival and development.
Poverty remains the most urgent social problem.
Poverty remains the single greatest challenge facing mankind.
Poverty remains the single greatest obstacle in our quest for sustainable development.
Poverty represents the biggest threat to our people.
Poverty requires both definition and measurement.
Poverty restricts the development of the human, social, and economic potential of every individual.
Poverty results from believing in failure and lack rather than in success and plenty.
Poverty robs people of their dignity and self-esteem.
Poverty runs deep.
Poverty runs high.
Poverty seems to be related to violence.
Poverty sells only in the right context.
Poverty shows as who our friends are and who are our enemies.
Poverty simplifies our life and brings joyfulness and gratitude.
Poverty smells like death.
Poverty stalks huge areas of the country, especially the rural areas.
Poverty stays because hunger has made it dynastic.
Poverty stems from fatherlessness.
Poverty stifles children's learning even before they get to school, scholars say.
Poverty stifles school performance.
Poverty still afflicts many populations and undermines social peace.
Poverty still exists in rural areas.
Poverty still plagues nearly one third of the human race.
Poverty still remains a substantial problem.
Poverty still wears a feminine face in South Africa.
Poverty stokes crime and limits antipollution options.
Poverty takes away hope, it takes away opportunity.
Poverty there is enormous and the level of crime even worse.
Poverty there is, and futility.
Poverty thus breeds poverty.
Poverty touches education, family life, street violence.
Poverty undermines the enjoyment of all human rights and impacts on the epidemic in various ways.
Poverty underpins almost all challenges to child welfare.
Poverty waits at the gates of idleness.
Poverty wants some things, luxury many things, avarice all things.
Poverty wears a woman's face.
Poverty works against our ability to do that.
Poverty worldwide is an abstract concept but the suffering of one child is very real.
Poverty always breeds resentment.
Poverty often follows unwed parenthood, or is the result of marital dissolution.
Poverty often forces people into a present time orientation.
Poverty often leads to prostitution or to trading sexual favors for material goods.
Poverty often makes deal making easier.
Poverty often prevents people from believing that their future holds any promise of getting better.
Poverty often strikes hardest among women, the nutritional gatekeepers in many families.
Poverty sometimes pushes people to neglect their faith.
All poverty is caused by the continued growth of population .
Most poverty affects brain development.
Most poverty affects development.
Most poverty affects environments.
Most poverty is created by corrupt governments or corrupt international control of trading.
Most poverty is found in our nation's inner cities.
Most poverty is rural based, reflecting in part low agricultural productivity.
Most poverty leads to degradations.
Most poverty leads to hunger.
Most poverty leads to situations.
Much poverty exists.
Much poverty remains in East Asia.
Some poverty supports conclusions.
Most pow wows are non-profit.
Powder blue is blue
Powder blue is the color of a robin's eggs.
Powder blue says sensitive, youth, vulnerable, opportunity, and hot air balloon ride.
Powder coat is recyclable and contains no hazardous air pollutants.
Powder coat racks leads to highly visible rust.
Powder coating gives an attractive durable finish.
Powder coating is a cost effective solution for many maintenance issues.
Powder coating is a dry finishing process.
Powder coating is a heat curable finish available to meet many requirements.
Powder coating is a highly durable painting process.
Powder coating is a high-tech method of painting.
Powder coating is a method of applying a decorative and protective finish to a wide range of parts.
Powder coating is a more profitable way to use space and time that is devoted to painting.
Powder coating is a paint process.
Powder coating is a special finish for outdoors that is very durable.
Powder coating is a state of the art technology in applying protective coating.
Powder coating is also an excellent choice for refinishing and restoration projects.
Powder coating is also environmentally friendly and non-toxic to apply.
Powder coating is applied to each motorcycle frame and gasoline tank.
Powder coating is availible on all metallics.
Powder coating is environmentally friendly, there are no solvents or hazardous material used .
Powder coating is more attractive and less environmentally damaging than galvanized finish.
Powder coating is possible in all RAL-cols.
Powder coating is significantly more durable than conventional paints.
Powder coating is superior for most usage.
Powder coating is the best, however it does increase the cost of the cage.
Powder coating is the fastest-growing finishing technology in North America.
Powder coating is used in children's toys and furniture sold every day.
Powder coating provides a high quality finish with excellent chemical and corrosion resistance.
Powder coating provides superior edge coverage.
Powder coating seems to resemble the original porcelain orange peel closer than spray paint.
Powder coating wear resistant surface guarantees extremely high resistance.
Powder coating wraps all metal edges, eliminating costly deburr time on critical edges.
Powder coatings are available in an endless array of decorative colors and textures.
Powder coatings are heat-fusible resin coatings that give off no pollutants as they cure.
Powder coatings are simply a type of paint that is applied to most modern bird cages.
Powder coatings have excellent strength, durability and weathering characteristics.
Powder coatings offer even greater pollution prevention potential.
Powder coatings produce lower emissions than conventional coatings technologies.
Powder coatings provide the highest quality finish available.
Powder coatings represent a potential explosion hazard.
Powder coatings used are primarily the polyester thermosetting types.
Some powder coatings are hard enough for entrances, but anodizing is always safe.
Powder cocaine has to be inhaled or injected.
Powder cocaine is cocaine.
Powder cocaine is dissolved in a solution of sodium bicarbonate and water.
Powder cocaine is medicine.
Powder cocaine is more expensive and common in white communities.
Powder cocaine is powder.
Powder cocaine is salt.
Powder cocaine is used by predominantly white middle-class or suburban defendants.
Powder cocaine is usually white and can be injected or snorted.
Powder days become as enjoyable in the retelling as in the original turns.
Powder diffraction is a technique used to identify crystalline substances in the solid state.
Powder diffraction is an ancient technique.
Powder diffraction is introduced allowing compounds to be identified.
Most powder diffraction is conducted using parafocusing methods.
Powder king is on a crusade.
Powder metal can also be injection molded instead of compacted.
Powder metal is an energy and material saving process.
Powder metals absorb microwave radiation and can be heated and sintered, using microwaves.
Powder metals do absorb microwave radiation and can be heated and sintered, using microwaves.
Powder metallurgy is also an applicable technology for making parts.
Powder metallurgy is science
Some powder milk has life.
Some powder milk has shelf life.
A powder room is a facility
A powder room is a toilet
Powder room has dark brown bath tub and WCs.
Powder room is to the right of the door.
Powder snow can last on the northerly slopes.
Powder snow is usually dry or slightly moist.
Powder also includes expert product tips.
Powder becomes sheet.
Powder burns on the right uterosacral ligament causing painful intercourse.
Powder can be either smokeless or black powder.
Powder can break down chemically, along with primers.
Powder can cake and is best applied with a hand seeder.
Powder can collect in wrinkles and tends to sit on top of imperfections, making both more apparent.
Powder can even back up in the filling machine as it tries to pack the set weight in the sack.
Powder can help absorb some of the grease.
Powder can mean isolate, concentrate, flour, etc.
Powder coated finishes are durable and easy to clean.
Powder coated finishes are resistant to chemicals such as fuels and brake fluids.
Powder coated pipe allows for higher temperature operation without the fear of sagging or rupture.
Powder coating greately enhances weather resistance of all exposed building components .
Powder comes from specialized down feathers that continue to grow for an extended period.
Powder dissolves faster in warm water.
Powder drag out that quality thus practice teen sex pictures.
Powder drinks to mix with water save on softdrinks.
Powder eases the donning of the gloves and prevents the glove surfaces from sticking together.
Powder eats innocently, provoking no one.
Powder embodies the act, soul, spirit, and roots of expert skiing.
Powder equals big snow, open play areas and the incredible view of solid white.
Powder facilitates the healing of broken relationships.
Powder has density.
Powder has different density.
Powder has resin.
Powder helps absorb oil throughout the day and preserves a flawless matte finish.
Powder helps skiing enthusiasts experience the thrill of the slopes.
Powder is a better choice.
Powder is a major contributor to latex sensitization and reaction.
Powder is a solid
Powder is absorbed in the stomach, where it works more directly on the growth factors.
Powder is added to latex gloves to make donning and removing the glove easier.
Powder is added to the water.
Powder is additional.
Powder is airborne and there is no question that allergens become airborne.
Powder is available in a wide variety of formulations, textures, gloss levels, and colors.
Powder is better, cream tends to crease.
Powder is Boy through one foot in the wolf.
Powder is clumsy to mix and unpalatable.
Powder is deep.
Powder is dusted over the prints.
Powder is embroidered on white in blue.
Powder is fed at high pressure axially from the centre of the nozzle.
Powder is fed through a nozzle throat.
Powder is flammable.
Powder is good.
Powder is important as a sealer.
Powder is inanimate objects.
Powder is joyful and delights in the spirit of competition.
Powder is lit which burns to the keg that explodes and ignites the house.
Powder is medicine.
Powder is most probably the one that lasts the longest.
Powder is no problem, as the skates float right over it.
Powder is prepared by grinding up the desirable portion of the herb into a powder.
Powder is produced by inert gas atomizing.
Powder is solids.
Powder is sprayed on as a slurry, a mixture of water and powder clearcoat.
Powder is stored in large vessels containing inert gas.
Powder is the victim of a super-traumatic birth.
Powder is the way to go.
Powder is toiletry.
Powder is too fine.
Powder is used for athletes foot.
Powder is usually the least expensive, but can be time-consuming to prepare.
Powder is usually the least expensive.
Powder isa matter.
Powder makes all other make-ups stay in place.
Powder means freeride the steeps, the lack thereof calls for sessions in the terrain park.
Powder mixes with oil.
Powder mixes with sandalwood oil.
Powder mixes with water.
Powder provides a great base for lipstick.
Powder provides benefits.
Powder provides health benefits.
Powder removes the stickiness from the stickers.
Powder resembles powder sugar.
Powder resembles sugar.
Powder see beneath the doll but swallow walking shoes.
Powder stops shine.
Powder sure likes to trap hogs.
Powder tends to become lumpy on storage.
Powder then is collected in the fluidized area in the bottom of the booth.
Powder undergoing deterioration has an irritating acidic odor.
Powders also tend to dust and can create an inhalation hazard.
Powders are also available for diffusion braze repair processes.
Powders are also available.
Powders are also the most convenient form when preparing topical pastes for acne and diaper rash.
Powders are available for magnetic as well as brush application.
Powders are available in almost every color and shade imaginable.
Powders are available in boxes made from recycled paper.
Powders are available in five hundred gram packs, twenty-five and fifty kilo fibre drums.
Powders are convenient but can be hard to mix at a campground faucets.
Powders are dry, finely ground plastics and their ingredients.
Powders are finer than flakes and are made by using a food mill, food processor or blender.
Powders are generally easy to apply but can create a mess.
Powders are good for using during the day, since they absorb moisture.
Powders are just finely divided solids.
Powders are messy, can drift into the eyes and nose, and can be shaken or rolled off.
Powders are more effective, and freshly made preparations are preferred.
Powders are quick and cheap, but messy and get in the way of other evidence.
Powders are sometimes easier to handle, standardize and pack.
Powders are transported in the atmosphere differently from a coarse granular material.
Powders can aggravate rashes and do nothing to keep skin dry.
Powders can also be mixed and used in many ways.
Powders can be hard to wet.
Powders can be wet or dry and range in size from nanometers to centimeters.
Powders can bind with latex protein, which allows the antigen to reach the wearers skin.
Powders can only help somuch.
Powders determine the first part of the second word in the mantra.
Powders do the same by drying the cells out.
Powders dry macerated skin and reduce friction by absorbing moisture.
Powders go on light at first then with each stroke the shade darkens.
Powders have only a short time after melting to coalesce and flow before cross-linking starts.
Powders have to be measured and mixed before assimilation.
Powders leave a film on the glass.
Powders leave the coat gritty.
Powders mix easily to create lighter or custom shades.
Powders tend to cake up in the ears.
Powders tend to re-solidify in the leaching area and clog the pores of the soil.
Powders vary in composition from polyesters or urethane epoxies to nylons and polyurethanes.
Powders vary in their color, stickiness, photographic and magnetic qualities.
Powders often contain pyrethrin.
Powders usually cause the most bloating.
Many powders contain lead or bismuth, both of which are very injurious.
Most powder has density.
Most powder has different density.
Most powder provides benefits.
Most powder provides health benefits.
Most powder resembles powder sugar.
Most powders take a long time to dissolve.
Some powder affects performance.
Some powder becomes porridge.
Some powder becomes thick porridge.
Some powder causes irritation.
Some powder causes reaction.
Some powder contains aluminum.
Some powder contains bacteria.
Some powder contains calcium.
Some powder contains live bacteria.
Some powder contains sodium.
Some powder eases pain.
Some powder has ability.
Some powder has deep impact.
Some powder has effects.
Some powder has flavor.
Some powder has impact.
Some powder has irons.
Some powder has pleasant taste.
Some powder has positive impact.
Some powder has preparation.
Some powder has sugar.
Some powder has weight.
Some powder is produced by anthers.
Some powder is used by athletes.
Some powder kills ants.
Some powder lasts for whole years.
Some powder lasts for years.
Some powder looks like crystal.
Some powder meets test requirements.
Some powder mixes with dye.
Some powder mixes with milk.
Some powder mixes with salt.
Some powder produces carbon dioxide gases.
Some powder produces gases.
Some powder raises energy.
Some powder raises thermal energy.
Some powder reduces energy.
Some powder removes fire.
Some powder requires water.
Some powder uses for cancer pain.
Some powder uses for pain.
Some powder uses for treat cancer pain.
Some powder uses for treat pain.
Some powders are readily soluble in water, but others take a long time.
Some powders are weaker than others but kava capsules are standardized.
Powdercoated components add a touch of beauty and quality.
Powdered aloes are yellowish brown to dark reddish brown.
Powdered aluminum is used the most because it is cheaper.
Powdered chalk is added to the size.
Powdered cleaners are better at removing allergens while cleaning.
Powdered cleaners remove allergen while cleaning.
Powdered coal is blown directly into the furnace.
Powdered creamers have just as much fat as regular cream.
Powdered detergents are more effective in removing clay and ground-in dirt.
Powdered detergents dissolve better in hot water .
Powdered detergents seem to work a bit better than liquid gels.
Powdered detergents seem to work better than gels.
Powdered extracts are available as capsules and in liquid form.
Powdered extracts are basically the herb tea with the water removed.
Powdered extracts are concentrated instant powders.
Powdered extracts can come in pre-made capsuled formulations as well.
Powdered formula has to be mixed with water before fed to the baby.
Powdered formula is the most cost effective and is good for mixing one bottle at a time.
Powdered formula is the most popular form of infant formula among parents.
Powdered formulas are a much better value and have a longer shelf life.
A powdered ginger is a spice
Powdered ginger is available in convenient capsules.
Powdered herbs are stronger than dried, and dried are stronger than fresh.
Powdered herbs can also be used, however they are more obvious.
Powdered incense are to be burned in special powdered incense holders.
Powdered iron is used in magnets, high-frequency cores, auto parts, and as a catalyst.
Powdered limestone is used as a filler in paper, paint, rubber, and plastics.
Powdered limestone is used to remove impurities from molten metals like steel.
Powdered liquorice is very popular in allopathic medicine.
Powdered lubricant is used on the plug to facilitate removal.
Powdered materials are more economical in use than other forms.
Powdered materials give the right bio-availability.
Powdered milk is a likely item in an outpost pantry.
Powdered milk is a very competitive market segment.
Powdered milk is milk
Powdered mix comes in an attractive fabric bag.
Powdered mixes are also available, which can be reconstituted with water.
Powdered mustard is a condiment
Powdered mustard is a cure
Powdered mustard is simply finely ground mustard seed.
Powdered myrrh is useful for the treatment of mild inflammations of the mouth.
Powdered osmium is oxidized in air at room temperature to form highly toxic osmium tetroxide.
Powdered paint Spray a dollop of shaving cream on paper, the kitchen table or counter.
Powdered pectin is mixed with the unheated fruit juice.
Powdered puree contains more dietary fiber than oat or rice bran.
Powdered quartz is used in making porcelain, scouring soaps, sandpaper, and wood fillers.
Powdered seeds can also be useful.
Powdered sugar adds an elegant touch.
Powdered sugar has a tendency to become lumpy over time.
Powdered sugar is good too.
Powdered sugar is granulated sugar
Powdered sugar is granulated sugar.
Powdered sugar is less sweet and finer than the granulated sugar.
Powdered sugar is produced by grinding granulated sugar to a fine powder.
Powdered sugar makes a smooth cake that dries out quickly.
Powdered sulphur is mixed with oil until the consistency of a paste is reached.
Powdered tempera is good as the coloring agent because it has some opacity.
Powdered thorium is pyrophoric, requiring careful handling.
Powdered thyme is an ingredient of many sauces and meat and poultry dishes.
Powdered titanium is used in pyrotechnics as a source of bright-burning particles.
Powdered type is canned in a paulownia box.
Powdered vitamins are available at most pets stores and can be sprinkled on their daily feast.
Powdered zirconium can spontaneously ignite in air.
Powdery mildew affects older types of crape myrtles.
Powdery mildew affects susceptible cultivars of red, black, and purple raspberries.
Powdery mildew appears as a slightly fuzzy white, grayish-white or gray growth on leaf surfaces.
Powdery mildew appears as a white mold covering harvest stems.
Powdery mildew appears during cool and somewhat cloudy conditions.
Powdery mildew appears in early spring and lale summer when nights are relalively cool.
Powdery mildew appears like flour or powder on the upper surfaces of the leaves.
Powdery mildew attacks the lower leaves of chile plants first.
Powdery mildew can also be a problem.
Powdery mildew can also cause the berries themselves to wither and die off.
Powdery mildew can be a particular problem on late-planted squash.
Powdery mildew can be a problem during changeable weather.
Powdery mildew can be a problem in areas with poor air circulation.
Powdery mildew can be a problem in some years and some locations.
Powdery mildew can be a problem on susceptible apple and flowering crabapple cultivars in Kansas.
Powdery mildew can be a problem.
Powdery mildew can be particularly severe in nurseries.
Powdery mildew can cause a white coating on leaves.
Powdery mildew can cause leaf deformation, leaf drop, and flower deformation.
Powdery mildew can cause premature leaf drop in some seasons.
Powdery mildew can destroy the blossoms on crape myrtle.
Powdery mildew can develop at very low humidity and becomes very obvious during the mid-summer.
Powdery mildew can occur on leaves, stems, buds, and flowers.
Powdery mildew can overwinter on infected foliage and spread to new foliage the following year.
Powdery mildew can result in reduced vine growth, yield, fruit quality, and winter hardiness.
Powdery mildew cause a white powdery growth on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a grayish white fuzz on new leaves and flower buds.
Powdery mildew causes a grayish-white, mealy growth on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a powdery white coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a white coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a white or gray growth on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a white powdery coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a white powdery growth on leaves and blossoms.
Powdery mildew causes a white powdery growth on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes a white, powdery mold growth on the upper surfaces of the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes forms a white coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes grape leaves and vines to appear as if they have been dusted with flour.
Powdery mildew causes powdery white areas on leaves and stems.
Powdery mildew causes similar spots, but on both sides of the leaves.
Powdery mildew causes white or grayish mold.
Powdery mildew causes white, powdery, fungal growth in the absence of any leaf spotting.
Powdery mildew coats leaves with white powdery growth.
Powdery mildew coats the leaves and small branches with a white powdery growth.
Powdery mildew coats the leaves with a fine white coating.
Powdery mildew coats the leaves with a white powdery growth.
Powdery mildew coats the leaves with white powder.
Powdery mildew coats the leaves with white powdery growth.
Powdery mildew continues to be the most common disease present.
Powdery mildew covers the leaves with a white powdery growth.
Powdery mildew covers the leaves with white powder growth.
Powdery mildew covers the plant with a white, powdery growth.
Powdery mildew covers the undersides of the leaves with white mold.
Powdery mildew develops on the lower parts of crowded plants in late season.
Powdery mildew develops primarily on Kentucky bluegrass in the shade.
Powdery mildew disfigures leaves with a white powdery coat on the underside.
Powdery mildew forms a white coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew forms a white powdery coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew infects new buds when they begin to form until they are mature.
Powdery mildew is a common disease name caused by several different fungi.
Powdery mildew is a common disease of barley.
Powdery mildew is a common disease on many types of plants.
Powdery mildew is a common problem on pumpkins and winter squash.
Powdery mildew is a common rose disease because it occurs in dry as well as humid weather.
Powdery mildew is a common summer disease.
Powdery mildew is a concern to the brewers as well as the hop industry.
Powdery mildew is a disease of mid- to late summer.
Powdery mildew is a fungal disease found throughout North America.
Powdery mildew is a fungal disease that affects lilacs towards the end of summer.
Powdery mildew is a fungal leaf disease that attacks chile plants of all ages and varieties.
Powdery mildew is a fungus disease that first appears on the upper leaf surfaces of the plant.
Powdery mildew is a fungus that attacks the foliage during cool, damp periods.
Powdery mildew is a fungus that destroys much of the plants leaf area causing a reduction in yield.
Powdery mildew is a fungus that leaves a white substance on rose leaves.
Powdery mildew is a light grey, powdery substance on the stems and petioles.
Powdery mildew is a major disease in Kentucky bluegrass that causes problems in shade.
Powdery mildew is a mildew fungus that loves to live on garden phlox, lilacs and roses.
Powdery mildew is a nemesis to vineyards.
Powdery mildew is a perennial problem in grapes.
Powdery mildew is a problem on some deciduous azaleas.
Powdery mildew is a very common plant disease among the berry family.
Powdery mildew is a white to grayish powdery growth on the upper surfaces of leaves.
Powdery mildew is also a serious threat in many fields.
Powdery mildew is also a serious threat to muskmelons.
Powdery mildew is always a bigger problem in dry climatic cycles.
Powdery mildew is an airborne fungal disease.
Powdery mildew is an inoculum-driven disease, ie.
Powdery mildew is an unusual disease because it is favored by dry conditions.
Powdery mildew is another concern to mint growers.
Powdery mildew is another disease that can mimic anthracnose.
Powdery mildew is another fungus.
Powdery mildew is another widely distributed and serious disease of roses.
Powdery mildew is caused by an obligate parasite which survives on the surface of the turf.
Powdery mildew is caused by parasites that grow on the leaves.
Powdery mildew is composed of fungal patches and spores.
Powdery mildew is controlled by sulfur.
Powdery mildew is controlled with resistant cultivars.
Powdery mildew is especially prevalent with poor air circulation, cool nights and damp weather.
Powdery mildew is favored by cool nights followed by warmdays.
Powdery mildew is favored by cool, dry weather.
Powdery mildew is identified by white powdery growth on upper and lower leaf surfaces.
Powdery mildew is mildew
Powdery mildew is mildew.
Powdery mildew is more common in the western growing regions.
Powdery mildew is more of a problem in the fall than in the spring.
Powdery mildew is more prevalent when cool nights follow warm days.
Powdery mildew is more problematic in the fall than in spring.
Powdery mildew is more severe on shaded plants.
Powdery mildew is most common in dense, shady areas where the air circulation is poor.
Powdery mildew is most common in hot, humid weather.
Powdery mildew is most common on many plants from mid- summer on.
Powdery mildew is most common on plants growing in shady areas.
Powdery mildew is most common when cool nights are followed by warm days.
Powdery mildew is most severe in heavily shaded areas.
Powdery mildew is now common in cucurbits.
Powdery mildew is now evident on the undersurface of terminal leaves.
Powdery mildew is now visible in most fields.
Powdery mildew is often a problem, especially in shady areas and sites with poor air circulation.
Powdery mildew is one of the more serious fungal diseases.
Powdery mildew is one of the most important diseases of cherry.
Powdery mildew is one of the most widespread and easily recognized plant diseases.
Powdery mildew is particularly active from pink through the early cover sprays.
Powdery mildew is present in all crops but is generally under control.
Powdery mildew is prevalent in shady areas and areas that are sheltered from wind and air movement.
Powdery mildew is prevalent on succulent growth brought about by excessive nitrogen application.
Powdery mildew is probably the most serious disease affecting roses in Colorado.
Powdery mildew is spread by wind and rain.
Powdery mildew is spread by wind and survives on weeds, and other crops, especially cucurbits.
Powdery mildew is still present.
Powdery mildew is still the predominant disease, but in general levels are low.
Powdery mildew is the major fungal problem in the district.
Powdery mildew is the most common and possibly the most difficult disease to control on Euonymus.
Powdery mildew is the most common disease of peas, usually striking as the weather warms.
Powdery mildew is the most common disease.
Powdery mildew is the most serious disease of English peas in Texas.
Powdery mildew is the most significant foliar disease.
Powdery mildew is the oldest of the fungal diseases affecting hops.
Powdery mildew is the whitish area that appears on the new leaf growth.
Powdery mildew is unslightly and weakens plants, but they can survive it.
Powdery mildew is usually more severe in shady areas and during cool periods.
Powdery mildew is usually of minor economic importance, and no spray controls are recommended.
Powdery mildew is very common on a number of ornamentals at the present time.
Powdery mildew is very common on crapemyrtle.
Powdery mildew is very difficult to manage once infection is noticeable.
Powdery mildew is very easy to diagnose.
Powdery mildew is very evident in new planintgs where humidity is high.
Powdery mildew looks like a white powder on the leaves and buds of plants.
Powdery mildew looks like someone has sprinkled the leaves with flour.
Powdery mildew makes a white coating on the leaves.
Powdery mildew occurs most commonly on Kentucky bluegrass in shady areas.
Powdery mildew occurs on a wide variety of turfgrass species wherever turfgrasses are grown.
Powdery mildew occurs on all groups of oaks.
Powdery mildew occurs on leaves, stems and fruits.
Powdery mildew occurs on the green shucks and occasionally leaves of most pecan varieties.
Powdery mildew occurs sporadically on soybeans.
Powdery mildew occurs to some extent every year.
Powdery mildew occurs wherever apples are grown.
Powdery mildew occurs worldwide in cool, humid, and semiarid areas where cereals are grown.
Powdery mildew produces a grayish white coating on the stems and leaves of infected plants.
Powdery mildew produces a powdery, whitish coating on the leaves and other plant parts.
Powdery mildew produces ash-grey spores on leaves.
Powdery mildew reduces photosynthesis and the plants ability to store adequate carbohydrates.
Powdery mildew shows up as white, dusty spots on both the top and undersides of leaves.
Powdery mildew starts as a white coating on leaves and flowers.
Powdery mildew starts as small white spots on leaves.
Powdery mildew tends to more of a problem on plants that are overcrowded.
Powdery mildews are generally most severe on young.
Powdery mildews are often severe on lilac, phlox, roses, and Monarda.
Powdery mildews are one of the most widespread and easily recognized plant diseases.
Powdery mildews are severe in warm, dry climates.
Powdery mildews are severe on lilac, phlox, roses, and Monarda.
Powdery mildews are widespread throughout the landscape now.
Powdery mildews can be severe on lilac, phlox, roses, current and Monarda.
Powdery mildews flourish when days are warm and nights are cool and when dew forms on the leaves.
Powdery mildews form a white coating on the leaves.
Most powdery mildew develops as thin layers of mycelium on the plant's surface.
Some powdery mildew continues to be present.
Powdery substances cause breathe problems.
Powdery substances cause problems.
Powdery substances cause serious breathe problems.
Powdery substances cause serious problems.
PowePC support is in the works.
Power adapters can be the curse of anyone who travels with an assortment of devices.
Power Adapters come in two different varieties.
Power amp is constructed by wide band amplifiers.
Power amplifier is made by pentode.
Power amplifiers are functionally simple units.
Power amplifiers can improve by better liner performance like the lees pricey DSPs.
Power amplifiers come in a variety of sizes, each with different capabilities and features.
Power amplifiers produce lots of heat.
Power amplifiers vary.
Many power amplifiers require a dual DC power supply for their operation.
Power analysis gives power for a specific effect size.
Power analysis is useful in two respects.
Power animals are an essential component of shamanic practice.
Power animals are spirit helpers that show themselves in the form of an animal.
Power animals are usually wild and occur repeatedly throughout a persons life.
Power animals help to maintain balance and harmony in an individual life.
Power assemblies provide single-point power connection.
Power band varies with displacement, cam, compression.
Power bars are a favorite snack for most teenagers to eat during the day, before a race or an event.
Power bars are imperative for stemming a breakout of crankiness caused by low blood sugar.
All power bars are available with twist lock connectors.
Power blocks are an acceptable substitute.
Power boats are limited to electric.
Power boats carry the fish over to a beach where they can be unloaded.
Power boats give way to sailing craft.
Power boats speed off docks and tear through the river in summer months now.
All power boats require a white light visible from all directions.
Power boxes provide excellent confirmation to a breakout.
A power brake is a brake
Power brakes require an especially light touch on the pedal.
Power budgets can even eliminate certain libraries from the outset.
A power cable is a line
Power cable emits high-voltage fields that interfere with data transmission.
Power cable is physically very large and obtaining a good connection can be difficult.
Power cables are also a safety hazard.
Power cables are essential in keeping computers and machinery up and running.
Power cables are next.
Power cables are part of grids.
Power cables carrying direct current can cause deflection of the compass needle.
Power cables consist of hard steel wire cores and highly conductive aluminum wires.
Power cables plug in neatly.
All power cables used with the laser imagers are subject to the recall.
Most power cables are part of grids.
Power cells find uses for fossil fuel.
Power centers are less favored in investment class than land by institutional investors.
Power centers are places where ley lines begin.
Power centers are significant because they can affect consciousness and uplift the human condition.
Power centers are strips with a number of category-killer retailers or discount stores.
Power centers have a habit historically of shifting regularly.
Power centers keep their power.
Every power center has a coterie.
Power chords abound throughout.
Power chords are especially popular among rock and blues music.
Power chords distort more clearly than complex chords.
Power chords have muliple notes, but really only two notes, repeated in multiple octaves.
Power chords unite, it's time to write a pop-punk record.
A power company is an utility
Power companies are utilities.
Power companies burn coal and other fossil fuels to generate electricity.
Power companies don ' t care.
Power companies have fishery biologists on staff.
Power companies have one year to decide whether to run line businesses or energy retailers.
Power companies know how much power they are generating and how much they have contracted for.
Power companies know that they have to understand the demographics and psychographics of consumers.
Power companies produce greenhouse gas which the trees help consume.
Power companies provide power.
Power companies reduce power slightly to absorb the surge that solar storms can cause.
Power companies say they have the situation under control.
Power companies struggle to keep up with demand.
Power companies transmit alternating current to their customers via long transmission lines.
Power companies use infrared imaging to detect faulty connections in transformers and substations .
Power companies use it to make electricity.
Power companies use precise time to regulate power system grids and reduce power losses.
Many power companies create electricity by boiling water and having the steam turn a motor.
Many power companies have funding for low interest loans or even free upgrades.
Most power companies are part of larger organisations.
Some power companies can produce electricity cheaply enough to compete with all comers.
Some power connectors offer variable power levels so that fans can spin slower or faster.
Power consumption can be just a few milliwatts.
Power consumption depends on the selected options and clock speed.
Power consumption includes the driver circuitry.
Power consumption is a big factor with portables.
Power consumption is a big issue.
Power consumption is a critical issue in the development of mesoscale mobile robots.
Power consumption is a crucial factor in such companies' dense computing rooms.
Power consumption is a key element in color liquid crystal panels for cell phones.
Power consumption is a minmal consideration in a server next to price and performance.
Power consumption is a third of conventional CRTs.
Power consumption is also significantly controlled.
Power consumption is also very low for cooler running over a greater range of ambient temperatures.
Power consumption is another issue.
Power consumption is approximately double for each product for protected configurations.
Power consumption is far less than competing brands.
Power consumption is less than three watts.
Power consumption is low.
Power consumption is minimal compared to other technologies.
Power consumption is one of the more important considerations for mobile devices.
Power consumption is proportional to the switching frequency.
Power consumption is quite high, and as a result the homestead required a large solar power system.
Power consumption is reduced and accidental operation is prevented.
Power consumption is reduced and motor life is increased if a power factor controller is installed.
Power consumption is reduced while improving drying speeds.
Power consumption is reduced.
Power consumption is small due to the insulated gate.
Power consumption is the other major consideration.
Power consumption is the same, and the incremental cost is remarkably small.
Power consumption is then sufficiently low as to obviate external cooling.
Power consumption is typical and includes the backlight.
Power consumption is very high relative to ink jet.
Power consumption is very low allowing remote solar powered applications.
Power consumption is very low.
Power consumption is very minimal.
Power consumption returns to quiescent levels during the pulse.
Power consumption varies widely.
Power control is accomplished by calling from any location using a standard tone dial phone.
Power control is addressed in the transverter set-up and can be adjusted in other ways.
Power control is done with an internal photocell preset to low light for auto on.
Power control is modelled as a noncooperative externality game between the users.
Power controls attach to virtually everything.
Power controls make virtually any driving position possible.
Power conversions are at the heart of electronics industry.
Power cord extends two feet beyond end of duct.
Power cord has mini-DIN adapter plug that shares the keyboard port with the keyboard connector.
Power cord is cord.
Power cord is electric cord
Power cord is electrical wire.
Power cord is included.
Power cord is removable.
Power cord slips into cigarette lighter socket.
Power cords are the first component in the musical chain.
Power cords pose a special danger to kids and pets - mouth burns and electrocution.
Most power cords come with diagrammed instructions.
Power crisis turns attention to sustainable resources, practices.
Power Curve is more profitable.
Power cuts are a regular occurrence in Bethlehem.
Power cuts are frequent and growing longer.
Power cuts are frequent, especially in winter.
Power cuts are frequent.
Power cuts can hamper Internet usage.
Power cuts happen every day in many resource poor countries.
Power cycling is software controlled.
Power dams are responsible for fluctuating water levels and surface discharge of warm water.
Power delivery increases rapidly to a peak, and then falls off just as quickly.
Power delivery is also of a high order.
Power delivery is rapid, with excellent low-end response.
Power delivery is requested at any of several locations in the state of New Mexico.
Power delivery is very linear while the torque spread is relatively flat.
Power demand increases with speed and pressure.
Power demand is reduced for other operating states.
Power demands are also lower, hence making it more appropriate for mobile computers.
Power demands go up by about a third in the summer.
Power density depends on the set power, the spot size, and the distance of the tip from tissue.
Power density improves after the iron comes out since more space can be set aside for windings.
Power density is an important factor in reducing costs.
Power density is low.
Some power devices provide flexibility.
Power dissipation is also a compelling reason to use only film type capacitors in our crossovers.
Power dissipation is less than two watts for all three devices.
Power dissipation is linear with both core voltage and clock frequencies.
Power dissipation is minimized in a number of ways.
Power dissipation turns out to be very important.
Power dissipation varies with processor speed and silicon stepping.
Power distance is how cultures distribute power, rank, and status among their members.
Power distance is rather large.
Power distribution involves a high current side and a low current side.
Power distribution is for a single phase and neutral supply with an earth continuity conductor.
Power distribution is the final stage in the delivery of electricity for an end use.
Power distribution is the responsibility of the state government.
Power distributions favors odd orders.
Power dividers provide even power distribution.
Power dressing has a lot to do with fulfilling that role.
Power dressing is still in - although padded shoulders are definitely out.
A power drill is a drill
A power drill is a power tool
Power drills are drills.
Power drills are fast, efficient, and help keep holes straight completely through long bones.
Power drills are illegal in wilderness areas.
Power drills are power tools.
Power drills are tools.
Power drills have no place in the desert.
Power drives start in infancy and continue though out life.
Power engineers try to keep the odds of blackouts very low.
Power factor gets smaller as reactive power increases in comparison to usable power.
Power factor is a measure of the efficiency with which input power is converted to useful work.
Power factor is captured so even phase-shifted loads such as motors are accurately measured.
Power factor is the ratio of active power to the product of rms voltage and rms current.
Power factor is the ratio of true power or watts to apparent power or volt amps.
Power failure comes in many forms.
Power failure is failure
Power failure plunges entire city into darkness.
Power failures are frequent and unpredictable.
Power failures are one of the major concerns expressed by nearly all respondents.
Power failures are the most common cause of abrupt system failures.
Power failures can strike neighborhoods or even entire cities.
Power failures can throw off the settings.
Power failures cause serious hardware problems.
Power failures happen here.
Power failures happen.
Power failures occur daily, and the public water supply is unreliable and unsafe.
Power failures suck.
Power failures sweep the Eastern Seaboard.
Many power failures occur for a few moments.
Most power filters use replaceable mechanical and biological cartridge materials.
Power flashes continue as power lines are snapped.
Power flashes explode as tornadic winds cause power lines to arc.
Power flows depend on voltage parameters and resistance.
Most power forwards can easily muscle to the rack for the easy basket.
Power functions arise when one quantity depends on the power of another.
Power functions have no similar description in terms of rates of increase or decrease.
Power gain is double less friction.
Power generation brings money into government coffers and give jobs to a few.
Power generation costs about half as much as putting in transmission lines.
Power generation depends mainly on diesel plants, though hydroelectric output has increased.
Power generation is a fast paced industry.
Power generation is a key sector in most developing countries.
Power generation is a large source of industrial pollution.
Power generation is a vast and growing market.
Power generation is another important element.
Power generation is disrupted until the control can be restored.
Power generation is drastically inefficient.
Power generation is generally the most expensive feature to add to a building.
Power generation is now one of the basic industries of the area.
Power generation is one problem, but storing the energy is another.
Power generation makes water warm.
Power generation plays a significant part in the economy.
Power generation varies daily based upon supply and demand.
All power generation is done through photovoltaic panels.
More power generation has to be a major part of our long-term energy policy.
More power generation has to be a major part of Washington s long-term energy policy.
Power generators are expensive and out of reach for most people.
Power generators are in place due to potential power failure.
Power generators have eight hours to comply.
Power generators pay emissions fees for generating electricity with coal.
Power generators pour energy into the reservoir and customers draw it out.
Power generators pour water into the lake, electricity consumers take water out.
Power generators sell electricity to suppliers through a bid at a pool system.
Power generators take up precious space and weight on board the spacecraft.
A power grid is a facility
Power grids get jolt of net mgmt.
Power grids provide more than just computational resources.
A power hammer is a power tool
Power hammers break it up for packaging after it has hardened.
Power handling is also an important criterion when selecting a driver.
Power handling is also important.
Power hitters are always interesting in the draft, especially when they come out of college.
Power hitters tend to pull the driver sharply inside the target line in the takeaway.
Power hitters utilize their hips a great deal to generate their bat speed.
Many power hitters adopt a strong left-hand grip.
Most power hitters do.
Power integrity eliminates costly downtime, repairs and inefficient operation.
Power keys are appropriate to the sect, and last for only a week.
Power keys given to clergy are often miniature skulls.
Power kites can also access winds higher above the surface.
Power laps are one lap around the Top Gear Test Track.
A power law is a law
Power law describes how something expands and loses energy.
Power laws are specific in the sense that they can exhibit extremely long or heavy tails.
Power laws are the statistical counterpart of punctuated equilibrium.
Power laws predominate in the mathematics of turbulence.
Power level is determined by headsize, stiffness, and length.
Power levels are percentages of the unit's total cooking wattage.
Power levels are stronger with mobile phones, and the phone runs off the car battery.
Power levels can span a wide range.
All power levels are suitable for engraving applications.
Power lifters are smaller.
Power line companies continue effort.
Power line companies continue such effort.
Power line transmissions involve energy.
A power line is a line
Power line comes to the northern entrance.
Power line continues.
Power line seems very battered and roads have been cut by flooding or destroyed bridges.
Power lines are a potential threat to condors.
Power lines are already there.
Power lines are another danger to the recovering population.
Power lines are cables.
Power lines are down across the island, but damage to the main power systems appears to be minimal.
Power lines are down and lights are out.
Power lines are down and roads are closed.
Power lines are electrical components.
Power lines are numerous, and difficult to see.
Power lines are part of grids.
Power lines are prime targets for direct lightning hits.
Power lines are responsible for some trumpeter swan losses.
Power lines can also slide down such objects when lifted.
Power lines can be at risk from currents induced by geomagnetic storms.
Power Lines can be extremely dangerous.
Power lines can fall, knocking out power and posing electrocution risk.
Power lines can introduce noise.
Power lines carry it to all the cities and towns.
Power lines come in along the back margin.
Power lines crisscross our neighborhoods with extraordinarily powerful radiant energy.
Power lines criss-crossed the dry, empty land.
Power lines cross state lines.
Power lines deliver alternating electric current to our homes.
Power lines emanate from the animal's back.
Power lines emit electromagnetic fields.
Power lines explode as they are torn from poles.
Power lines give another problem for all kinds of birds.
Power lines lead to hair loss, loss of sexual potency, loss of weight, weight gain, etc.
Power lines pass overhead.
Power lines produce both electric and magnetic fields.
Power lines snaking everywhere pour a buzzing lisp of magical energy into our boxes.
Power lines snap like thread.
Power Lines Stay safe by keeping well away from overhead power lines.
Power lines tend to be controversial.
All power lines are reverse polarity protected by diodes in series.
All power lines are very dangerous.
All power lines radiate electromagnetic fields.
Most power lines are part of grids.
Some power lines are marked with visibility bulbs.
Power links link more than just electricity producing and consuming devices.
Power loss unlocks the outside knob.
Power losses can foster creativity at mealtime.
Power losses occur sometimes, usually due to wind or bad drivers.
Power losses resulting in heat generated by transformers are a major design consideration.
Power lunch is included in the price.
Power management can help delimit cell boundary.
Power management can only save energy if it is enabled and working properly.
Power management can spin down hard disks, slow processor and bus speeds, and shut down displays.
Power management extends mission life.
Power management has to be done at both the system level and the processor level.
Power management is a characteristic that impacts the entire system.
Power management is a critical concept in Uprising .
Power management is most beneficial for laptops and is near useless for PCs.
Power management is provided to reduce power consumption and increase power efficiency.
Power management is the next issue being addressed.
Power management provides even more user selectable options.
Power management remains a problem for both methods.
Power markets are unlikely to become fiercely competitive in the near future.
A power module is a module
Power modules operate in single or three phase mode as driven by the controller.
Power naps can work wonders.
A power of appointment is authority
Power of appointment is exclusive unless donor expressly manifests contrary intent.
A power of attorney is an instrument
Power of attorney are legal documents.
Power of attorney are legal forms.
Power of attorney can do most all the things that civil unions did.
Power of attorney is the authority to act legally for another person.
Power of attorney needs in original, without legalization.
Powers of attorney allow grandparents only to make decisions regarding the grandchildren.
Powers of attorney are straightforward but powerful documents.
Powers of attorney are usually less expensive to prepare.
Powers of attorney can be an important adjunct in an estate-planning program.
All powers of attorney expire upon the death of the principal.
Most powers of attorney are straightforward and can be economically prepared.
Most power of attorneys expire at the principal's death.
Powers of money reconstitute themselves.
A power outage is failure
Power outages appear to be the primary storm impact.
Power outages are a time of higher risk.
Power outages are also common in an ice storm.
Power outages are basically unannounced and can mean losing unsaved work on a computer.
Power outages are breakdowns.
Power outages are common in India, but of short duration.
Power outages are common, especially during early winter storms here.
Power outages are common, especially during storms.
Power outages are common.
Power outages are epidemic.
Power outages are frequent too.
Power outages are frequent.
Power outages are likely to be more frequent and voltage fluctuations greater.
Power outages are likely, so keep a battery operated TV or radio on hand.
Power outages are more common complications.
Power outages are no problem with an automatic whole-house generator.
Power outages are often widespread and sometimes affect hundreds of thousands of people.
Power outages are our main concern.
Power outages are rare, but computers crash all the time.
Power outages are responsible for loss of refrigeration.
Power outages are routine, and seemingly at random.
Power outages are the greatest threat during a windstorm.
Power outages are totally unacceptable.
Power outages are unavoidable and indiscriminate.
Power outages are widespread throughout the state.
Power outages can affect refrigeration and safe cooking practices.
Power outages can cost Internet companies a bundle.
Power outages can kill large numbers of pigs very quickly.
Power outages can occur at any time of the year.
Power outages can occur at anytime.
Power outages can occur due to strong winds and heavy snow.
Power outages can occur in outlying areas with more frequency than in more developed areas.
Power outages can occur when branches come to close to utility power lines.
Power outages can occur.
Power outages can result in spoiled refrigerated goods.
Power outages can strike without warning.
Power outages continue to be a problem in several counties.
Power outages continue to paralyze the island.
Power outages differ in Delhi and in Maine.
Power outages do happen.
Power outages happen for a wide variety of reasons.
Power outages make surgery too risky.
Power outages make the electronic surveillance equipment installed by U.S. contractors useless.
Power outages mean office computers and printing presses regularly sputter to a halt.
Power outages occur more frequently in the country.
Power outages put food supplies at risk.
Most power outages are brief.
Most power outages result from trees and limbs falling on electrical lines during storms.
Some power outages are likely.
Power outlet is located on, or near the podium, or on the back of the document camera.
Power outlets are available at the payload platform.
Power outlets are the standard European two round prong.
All power outlets accept only flat three prong plugs.
A power pack is a device
Power packs can accomodate many heads and are relatively easily transportable.
Power pitchers blow hitters away with fastballs.
Power pitchers can nullify power hitters.
Power planes can and do use the grass for take off and landing.
Power plant workers must have experience.
Power plant workers must have power plant experience.
A power plant is a station
Power plant clean up can happen now.
Power plant fly ash and boiler ash have raw material characteristics.
Power plants are also a leading source of mercury, a toxin that poisons our fish and waterways.
Power plants are also the largest remaining source of mercury emissions to the air.
Power plants are devices.
Power plants are dirty, intrusive and ugly.
Power plants are expensive and the cost has to be passed on to the consumer.
Power plants are facilities.
Power plants are in West Virginia because the coal is here.
Power plants are major contributors to the pollution problem here in Connecticut.
Power Plants are major contributors to thepollution problem here in Connecticut.
Power plants are open air.
Power plants are part of grids.
Power plants are responsible for one-half of carbon dioxide emissions in New Mexico.
Power plants are responsible for thirty-four percent of all mercury emissions.
Power plants are Texas's most powerful polluters.
Power plants are the biggest source of air pollution in Slovenia.
Power plants are the largest known unregulated source of mercury air pollution in the nation.
Power plants are the only unregulated source of toxic mercury air emissions.
Power plants are tools for harvesting nature.
Power plants burn coal as a fuel in order to produce steam.
Power plants burn mountains of coal each year.
Power plants burning fossil fuels are the largest source of manmade mercury emissions.
Power plants burning natural gas produce less carbon dioxide than coal burning plants.
Power plants contribute to problems.
Power plants depend on piping for natural gas, water and steam.
Power plants depend upon volume of falls only.
Power plants driven by water turbines are a good example.
Power plants emit essentially no VOCs.
Power plants emit large volumes of nitrogen oxides, a key ingredient of smog and particle pollution.
Power plants emit one-quarter of the nitrogen oxide emissions in the state.
Power plants generate electricity from numerous mechanical methods.
Power plants generate the cell's energy.
Power plants have complex computer control systems.
Power plants have four options for meeting emissions standards.
Power plants have the potential for an enormous pollution impact of the air.
Power plants have to be built.
Power Plants Learn about power plants and nuclear power plants.
Power plants limit energy losses by transmitting electricity at high voltages.
Power plants make energy.
Power plants make power so the city can have electricity.
Power plants make state prisons look like better neighbors, even after the inmates escape.
Power plants produce energy.
Power plants produce power.
Power plants produce units of energy, needed by other facilities, and also needed to fly ships.
Power plants pump thousands of pollutants into the air each year.
Power plants raise air, land and water quality issues.
Power plants release both sulfuric acid and sulfur dioxide into the air from their stacks.
Power plants release sulfur dioxide and oxidized nitrogen, which form acids in the atmosphere.
Power plants require amounts.
Power plants suck in trillions of gallons of water to cool their turbines.
Power plants transform one form of energy into a very useful form, electricity .
Power plants transform one form of energy into another form, electricity.
Power plants use burn gases.
Power plants use energy.
Power plants use gases.
Power plants use heat.
Power plants use hydrogen to produce energy.
Power plants use methods.
Power plants use natural gas as a fuel to generate electricity.
Power plants use natural gases.
Power plants use nuclear energy.
Power plants use the energy produced from flowing water.
Power plants use vast amounts of water which are converted to steam by the thermonuclear reaction.
Power plants use water to cool their machinery.
Power plants use water.
Power plants use wood waste to generate electricity.
Power plants work pretty much the same way.
All power plants become available regardless of the year.
All power plants have turbines and generators.
All power plants require a stable external power grid, and nuclear power plants are no exception.
Many power plants have small dams that diverts water into their cooling intakes.
Many power plants run on natural gas.
Many power plants use coal with a relatively high concentration of sulfur as fuel.
Many power plants use fans to convey pulverized coal to the boiler.
Many power plants use the process to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions.
Most power plants are big boilers that burn a fuel to make heat.
Most power plants are part of grids.
Most power plants burn fossil fuels such as coal, oil or natural gas.
Most power plants contribute to problems.
Most power plants make electricity with a machine called a generator.
Most power plants make energy.
Most power plants produce energy.
Most power plants produce power.
Most power plants require amounts.
Most power plants use a combination of open and closed feedwater heaters.
Most power plants use burn gases.
Most power plants use coal, natural gas, oil or a nuclear reactor to create steam.
Most power plants use energy.
Most power plants use gases.
Most power plants use heat.
Most power plants use methods.
Most power plants use natural gases.
Most power plants use nuclear energy.
Most power plants use water or another type of liquid based formula.
Most power plants use water.
Some power plants are capable of generating electricity from multiple fuels.
Some power plants create energy.
Some power plants have boilers.
Some power plants produce electricity.
Some power plants produce enough electricity.
Some power plants provide sanctuaries.
Some power plants use coal.
Some power plants use fission fusion.
Some power plants use fission.
Some power plants use fossil fuel.
Some power plants use fuel.
Some power plants use fusion.
Some power plants use nuclear energy.
Some power plants use nuclear fission.
Some power plants use power.
Some power plants use steam.
Some power plants use types.
Some power plants use uranium.
Some power plants use water or wind to spin the generator.
Power play continues to shine.
Power play is attempts.
Power play is effort
Power play is part of ice hockeys.
Power play is play.
Power play needs to improve dramatically.
Power plays can be crude or subtle, aggressive or defensive.
Power plays can win games by themselves in the playoffs.
Power plays tend to fail, often spectacularly.
Power point presentation includes details.
A power point is an outlet
Power point is a self-explanatory program with an excellent help feature.
Power point is available in all of the computer laboratories.
Power point is the industry standard of corporate presentation tools.
Power points are available at one of the reading desks.
Power points are available in the reading room.
Power points are available.
Power points are located in desks.
Power points are of the French type.
Power points are to be switched off at the wall socket.
Power poles are abundant and heavily utilized as nest sites.
Power poles are all in place and old poles are being taken out.
Power poles are down.
Power poles can be hazardous for medium to large birds too.
Power pools are groups of generators who pool their capacity.
Power pools enable companies to receive power from one another in an emergency.
Power pop is always there.
Power pop is their bread and butter.
Power press brakes.
Power production is a big job.
Power production is one of the basic elements of social production.
Power projection is critically dependent on mobility forces.
Power projection is the use of naval forces to launch strikes against the enemy.
Power punch is the instrument for making holes of different sized on rubber seals and gaskets.
Power punches move the bar further than jabs, and knockdowns move it further than power punches.
Power Punches pack a truckload.
Power quality is a lot of different things to different people.
Power quality is a major concern for today's businesses.
Power quality is an area of rapidly growing concern.
Power quality is another important factor.
Power quality is increasingly an issue.
Power quality is rather difficult to evaluate.
Power Rangers enter the video game realm.
Power Rangers sweep popular culture.
Power rankings are a good example of statistical-based methodology.
Power rating depends on the fuel used.
Power rating seems very conservative.
Power ratings are less good.
Power ratings depend on pressurization and cooling system.
Power ratings range from one third to several hundred horsepower in three phase motors.
Power resistor is a good replacement for the hard to find line-cord resistor.
Power savings translate into less weight, longer operating time, and lower operating costs.
Power seats are often a desirable option, as there are more variations that can be tried.
A power series is a series
Power series play the dominant role.
Power sharing can take a variety of forms.
Power sharing is a unique concept.
Power shifts affect all pieces including pawns and kings.
Power shortages are now commonplace during heat waves like the one that recently hit the East coast.
Power shortages are severe.
Power shortages can occur.
A power shovel is a machine
Power shovels wear white headbands.
Most power sockets accept only three-pin, flat plugs.
Power source is electric.
Power source is mounted on a PC board.
Power source is solar charged batteries.
Power sources are DC motor, clutch pump, or PTO power.
Power sources can be electrical, diesel engine, or tractor PTO driven.
Power sources range from portable electrical generators to solar panels.
Power sources use fuel.
Most power sources are ungrounded.
Most power sources use fuel.
Some power sources provide electrical power.
Some power sources provide power.
Power spectra are far less useful for classification.
Power spectra are similar at each magnification level.
Power spectra confirm a weak effect.
Power speed wraps single or multiple threads.
Power spikes can also lock up computer programs and make some of the software corrupted.
Power spikes run rampant over the power lines and literally fry the components of the computer.
Power station generators supply domestic electricity.
Power station generators supply electricity.
A power station is a station
Power stations are back at full production.
Power stations are part of grids.
Power stations are stations.
Power stations are still a the of urban air pollution.
Power stations create the current electricity that flows along wires and into our homes.
Power stations Denature the enzymes of aquatic organisms.
Power stations emit thick sulphurous smoke, defoliating the forests.
Power stations generate significant heat losses to the environment.
Power stations represent the main market for coal in most countries.
Power stations use heat to turn water into steam.
All power stations have to be cooled.
All power stations use a similar process to produce electricity.
Most power stations are part of grids.
Some power stations burn fuel oil rather than coal.
Some power stations generate power.
Some power stations produce electricity.
Some power stations suffer explosions.
Some power stations use natural gas in a gas turbine .
Some power stations use natural gas in a gas turbine.
Some power stations use turbines.
A power steering is a mechanism
Power steering is another application of hydraulic power.
Power steering is essential for front loader work.
Power steering is essential to make large, heavy vehicles manageable.
Power steering is included however.
Power steering is now available as a stand-alone option.
Power steering is slow to react to quick inputs while parking.
Power steering is standard equipment, and the steering wheel tilts and telescopes on deluxe models.
Power steering is standard.
Power steering is supplied by an electric-hydraulic unit.
Power Stretchers are long pole apparatus with teeth.
Power Strike lets players choose either regulation, flash or triple strike bowling.
Power strikes fear in their thoughts.
Power strip outlets shelter Art shoot during many power strip outlets.
A power structure is an organization
Power structures are part of government.
Power structures depend on a network of alliances and implicit deals which grow up over time.
Power structures do what they do.
Most power structures are part of government.
Power struggle erupts as date passes without peace or a state.
Power struggles are a natural part of relationships and love.
Power struggles are frustrating.
Power struggles are often an escalation of bids for undue attention.
Power struggles begin as family members want their needs met.
Power struggles come to the fore.
Power struggles continue to brew just beneath the surface in Beijing.
Power struggles follow just about every major merger.
Power struggles occur and arguments escalate.
Power struggles seem to dominate the daily newspaper and television reports.
Power struggles take place as members try to gain influence.
Power struggles tear the family and the nation apart.
Power Suits take over the workplace.
Power supplies are also heavily cross-branded.
Power supplies are also hot-swappable.
Power supplies are capable of providing peak wattage during spin-up of high performance drives.
Power Supplies are load sharing and intelligent.
Power supplies are low, demand is high.
Power supplies are redundant, and network adapters are load balanced and redundant.
Power supplies are so tight that every watt lost has to be replaced.
Power supplies are still a serious design and application problem.
Power supplies are very sturdy.
Power supplies can offer more watts per cubic inch.
Power supplies come in a variety of wattages.
Power supplies come in many different price ranges and designs.
Power supplies contain lethal voltages.
Power Supplies create the precise voltages necessary for the different electronic subsystems.
Power supplies die, head crash on the hard drive or there's even software problems.
Power supplies do make a difference.
Power Supplies provide regulated voltage and current for electronic projects.
Power supplies remain adequate due to moderate loads and available generating capacity in the area.
Power supplies remain very adequate due to moderate loads and excess capacity that is available.
Power supply filtering and bypassing is provided on the module by a resistor and tantalum capacitor.
Power supply has a longer cord.
Power supply has no energy conserving mode.
Power supply is also a problem - too little and too much.
Power supply is an important asset.
Power supply is another key issue.
Power supply is available separately.
Power supply is designed with extended low-voltage tolerance to meet road show requirements.
Power supply is designed with high low-voltage tolerance to meet road show requirements.
Power supply is heretically conventional.
Power supply is horizontal at the top in the back.
Power supply is household current.
Power supply is in general use.
Power supply is included.
Power supply is internal.
Power supply is off so provision is being made to supply water through water tankers.
Power supply is only the most obvious application.
Power supply is plentiful.
Power supply is provided by a high voltage source with high stability.
Power supply is relatively maintenance free.
Power supply is reliable on the island.
Power supply is separate, only for input stage - stabilized.
Power supply is switched off.
Power supply is to the left.
Power supply is very secure, and hydro electricity is a clean and renewable energy source.
Power supply plays a very big part of that.
Power supply trips off when the load current reaches the programmed level.
Power supply uses large toroidal transformer for best performance.
All power supplies are fault-protected for overvoltage, overtemperature, and overcurrent.
All power supplies are hot swappable.
All power supplies are over-current protected.
All power supplies can be hot-swapped.
All power supplies have five percent silicon steel shielding.
Every power supply is application specific.
Most power supplies can handle a reduction in the nominal voltage that it is expecting.
Most power supplies can operate at higher ambient if the output load is properly derated.
Most power supplies have wiring diagram on a label stuck to the top of the supply.
Some power supplies are noisy at low load currents and others at higher load currents.
Some power supplies have markings noting airflow direction.
Power surges are everyday occurrences.
Power surges are lethal to computer memory.
Power surges are notorious for causing major damage to sensitive PC innards.
Power surges can cause trouble too.
Power surges can melt transmission lines.
Power surges can weaken or damage modems.
Power surges make our radios, televisions, VCRs, and computers act as if they are possessed.
Power switch controls all six outlets.
Power switch is on side of LCD projector.
Power switches come in different designs, from the push button to the toggle switch.
Power switching is virtually silent and with no shift delays, even in severely cold weather.
Power switching utilizes solid state technology to maintain high reliability.
A power system is a facility
Power system has no fuel costs and virtually no maintenance requirement.
Power systems are a classic example.
Power systems offer unique challenges to engineers and application specialists.
Power systems provide direct current from redundant rectifiers fed by commercial power.
Power teams provide an excellent alternative to using an upright with on-board attachments.
A power tool is a machine
A power tool is a tool
Power tools are also available.
Power tools are among the most useful inventions of modern man.
Power tools are available to speed the task of pruning.
Power tools are dangerous.
Power tools are good.
Power tools are located in garages.
Power tools are located in repair shops.
Power tools are machines.
Power tools are only acceptable for polishing.
Power tools are shunned.
Power tools are table saw, router, and drill.
Power tools are the ultimate stress reliever.
Power tools are to be kept unplugged except when in actual use.
Power tools are tools.
Power tools are welcome additions to the woodshop for all home carpentry hobbyists .
Power tools can also present a possible hazard.
Power tools can inflict sudden, severe injury.
Power tools can make short work of many maintenance operations.
Power tools come in second.
Power tools create larger amounts of fine dust than hand tools.
Power tools enable the artist to complete pieces in a relatively short time.
Power tools enable work to be done quicker, easier and with less trauma to oral soft tissue.
Power tools generate lots of dust.
Power tools generate significantly more airborne dust.
Power tools have definite advantages.
Power tools make it easy to add newsfeeds, calendars, discussion or chat.
Power tools needed include a table saw and a band saw or saber saw.
Power tools require additional protection.
Power tools require heavy duty electrical cords.
Power tools used with guards removed pose a serious risk of injury from sharp edges or moving parts.
All power tools have the capacity to cause injuries and fatal accidents.
Many power tools contain a risk of injury due to unguarded moving parts.
Most power tools are on sale, guaranteed low prices.
Power top is a snap for one person to operate.
Power Towers are also available with a single cylinder boom style with the cylinder inside.
Power towers are now available from numerous brands in a wide range of prices and sizes.
Some power trains are part of aeroplanes.
Some power trains are part of aircraft.
Some power trains are part of airplanes.
Some power trains are part of ambulances.
Some power trains are part of automobiles.
Some power trains are part of autos.
Some power trains are part of cars.
Some power trains are part of choppers.
Some power trains are part of dumpers.
Some power trains are part of dynamos.
Some power trains are part of engines.
Some power trains are part of generators.
Some power trains are part of gliders.
Some power trains are part of go-karts.
Some power trains are part of helicopters.
Some power trains are part of jets.
Some power trains are part of missiles.
Some power trains are part of motorbikes.
Some power trains are part of motorboats.
Some power trains are part of pickups.
Some power trains are part of planes.
Some power trains are part of rockets.
Some power trains are part of steamers.
Some power trains are part of taxis.
Some power trains are part of trucks.
Some power trains are part of turbines.
Power training is peaking and is performed in relatively short cycles, prior to an important event.
Power transformation is optional, with estimation of the exponent as well.
Power transformer is switchable for international operation.
Power transformer makes it possible to do it.
Power transformers are electrical components.
Power transformers can overload, causing long-lasting blackouts.
Power Transistors Click on the numbers that appear in color to see specs on the part or package.
Power transmission is a key issue in robotics.
Power transmission is achieved by the most efficient toothed belt drive system on the market.
Power transmission is by V-belt drive with belt guards as standard equipment.
A power trip is control
Power trips are another common reason for cheating.
Power tumbling has three main events tumbling, trampoline and the double mini trampoline.
A power unit is an emu
Power unit has a wrapped exaust .
Power unit is key to design.
Power Units are custom, engineered pump assemblies.
Power units are remote from the lift and are equipped with mounting brackets.
Power units are remote from the lift and are equipped with wall mounting brackets.
Power units can be wall or floor mounted.
All power units are potentially hazardous if improperly maintained or operated.
A power user is a computer user
Power users are computer users.
Power users are good at coordinating complex, rapidly changing events.
Power users can add HTML tags to their postcard message.
Power users can also choose to edit their style sheet directly at any time.
Power users can also create their own personalized set of filters.
Power users can configure the browser to their liking.
Power users can customize program behavior.
Power users can directly input standard encoding for the groups.
Power users can set customized security policies for groups, departments or individuals.
Power users can simply download additional applets to their PC for local execution when needed.
Power users can still access the management application for additional options.
Power users click here for a sample without commenting.
Power users conserve.
Power users gain understanding of the data through an intuitive interface.
Power users have also the possibility to create their own components from scratch.
Power users take full advantage of the computer.
Power users tend to be more active in the assessment phase than the general campus technology users.
A power walking is an exercise
Power walking is one of the best ways to burn off fat.
Power washers are also great for painted garage floors.
Power washers are available for rent from tool rental stores and some paint stores.
Power washers direct a pressure jet of water at the wood surface.
Power washing continues of exterior through next week.
Power washing is also an effective alternative to chemical deck washes.
Power washing is an excellent way to clean large areas.
Power washing is the application of high pressure water spray.
Power washing is the mechanical method for cleaning and restoring decks most favored by contractors.
Power washing is used to clean outdoor surfaces.
Power wheelchairs can accommodate more kinds of seating and postural support than a scooter.
Power wheelchairs come with more tire and powerbase options.
Many power wheelchairs offer a joy stick type control that can be operated with one hand.
Some power wheelchairs have the ability to stand the user up.
Power winches are handier, but add to complexity and expense.
Power windows are available.
Power windows are for lazy people.
Power windows are lighter than hand cranks.
Power windows are one-touch down, and the fronts also go up in one touch.
Power windows are standard.
Power windows can go up and down during a fire.
Power windows offer and auto-down feature.
Power yoga is essentially yoga with brawn.
Power yoga is great for building stamina and strength.
Power yoga is one answer to both.
Power yoga turns the intensity level up a notch.
Power again reboots automatically to a prompt.
Power allow Competition beside that coupons under the harbor.
Power also adds summaries and questions to ask oneself and others.
Power also applies to brakes, with big ventilated discs up front and solid ones in back.
Power also expresses in and through our muscles.
Power also increases as the magnitude of the differences in the pop . increase.
Power also is furnished to several small communities in the area.
Power also passes to the rear articulated unit and drives all four tracks.
Power also plans to explore more ways to use the hot water.
Power also scales with the clock frequency.
Power also stands personally at the confluence of the major streams of the information revolution.
Power answers such phone requests and says response has been startling.
Power antennae with toggle inside car.
Power appears to be a simple concept.
Power assist style front wheels for aggressive look.
Power attracts the corruptible.
Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.
Power based on love is a thousand time more effective than the one derived from fear.
Power based on object-referral, however, is false power.
Power become the policy.
Power Become violent or hostile.
Power becomes a side-effect.
Power becomes humility.
Power becomes instantaneous communication over long distances.
Power becomes the only postmodern morality, whether for good or bad.
Power begins and ends within the human consciousness.
Power begins to be converted into heat.
Power begins to hum through the complex.
Power begins to take over in determining our actions.
Power belongs to Machiavellian plotters or to pushy pragmatists.
Power bills up.
Power blackouts that really happened.
Power blurs the dividing line between rationality and rationalization.
Power boost button for peak performance.
Power boosting materials enhance all methods.
Power brakes optional-drum and disc types.
Power brakes unlike power steering are only an intermittent energy demand.
Power brakes with electric vacuum pump.
Power brakes, with discs in front and drums in back, unite through computerized anti-lock controls.
Power breaks into pieces to smoothly defend itself, incidentally managing society.
Power brings a new set of behaviors.
Power brings an end to all issues, supposedly.
Power brings responsibilities.
Power can be a drug.
Power can be a very dangerous thing.
Power can be an effective substitute for trust.
Power can be by single or twin outdrives, a conventional inboard engine or outboard power.
Power can be clean and efficient.
Power can be constructive or destructive or something of both.
Power can be good in cases where a group needs direction or has too many leaders trying to lead.
Power can be heady stuff.
Power can be off for at least a day and probably a week before things get critical.
Power can be potential or overt, subtle or blatant.
Power can be stupid.
Power can be visible, as when a supervisor has authority over a workforce.
Power can become an addiction.
Power can change the rules.
Power can come in many different forms - perceived, real or inherent.
Power can corrupt humans.
Power can corrupt the best of people.
Power can create, and power can destroy.
Power can do that.
Power can fail even before the storm, so avoid elevators as the storm approaches.
Power can feed one's sense of grandness and enlarge an ego.
Power can flow from any of the generating facilities to where the power is needed.
Power can go overboard . . .
Power can go to anyone's head.
Power can mean electrical power.
Power can mean many things.
Power can overload the compressors.
Power can take the form of social influence or even wealth as well as more destructive means.
Power certified garments claim to improve performance and decrease muscle fatigue.
Power changes energy.
Power changes hands at the ballot box in Senegal and debt relief comes closer.
Power changes hands, the landscape is transformed and the old economic certainties wither away.
Power changes people, so they say.
Power changes people.
Power changes the mind.
Power clean the weight and then drop down into a rock bottom squat.
Power clearly comes to mind.
Power combined with evil often wins, for a while at least.
Power combines the two.
Power come back up.
Power comes and goes.
Power comes back.
Power comes both from our diversity and from our unity.
Power comes from a battery pack worn outside the body.
Power comes from a compact mid-located engine for optimum performance.
Power comes from a receiving of the old stories and chants.
Power comes from a rechargeable battery pack which sits at the side of the bath.
Power comes from a trail or motocross bike motor mounted alongside the driver.
Power comes from a turbocharged diesel.
Power comes from a water bubble made to expand and contract by heating.
Power comes from an old washing machine motor.
Power comes from an overhead power supply.
Power comes from an updated rotary engine.
Power comes from authority.
Power comes from concentration.
Power comes from electricity.
Power comes from information.
Power comes from inside, the ability to manipulate reality, bend and twist environments and times.
Power comes from knowing how to do something.
Power comes from knowledge.
Power comes from lawn mover, snowmobile and car engines.
Power comes from many different sources.
Power comes from moving into new places.
Power comes from networking and sharing technology.
Power comes from nickel-chloride batteries under the front seat.
Power comes from reaction.
Power comes from territorial conquests.
Power comes from the ability to engage and survive.
Power comes from the ability to withhold something that someone else wants.
Power comes from the appearance of mortality.
Power comes from the application of the technology.
Power comes from the barrel of a remote.
Power comes from the sun, water is conserved and the toilets are composting models.
Power comes from the utility company into the service panel.
Power comes from the volume and speed of the water jet.
Power comes from torque, the twisting motion of the torso.
Power comes from transforming problems into opportunities.
Power comes from within.
Power comes in infinite and inscrutable forms.
Power comes in on diffusion, ground on metal.
Power comes in various guises, as money, status, patriarchy, and as emotional invulnerability.
Power comes last.
Power comes later.
Power comes more from pivot foot triggering the hips which triggers the shoulder which, etc.
Power comes on and off erratically, but beginning to adjust to heat a little.
Power comes on cleanly, with no bumps or flat spots.
Power comes on quickly, with nearly immediate response when a driver touches the accelerator.
Power comes on smoothly and strongly.
Power comes on steady at all speeds.
Power comes strongest from the heart.
Power comes through an extension cord from a nearby trailer.
Power comes through united action.
Power comes to the meter from the air cart ground drive.
Power comes to whom power is due.
Power comes with discipline.
Power comes with information and numbers.
Power comes with responsibility.
Power comes with unification.
Power coming from remote power plants requires the use of high-voltage power lines.
Power Compute the power given appropriate parameters.
Power concedes nothing without a demand.
Power concedes nothing without a struggle.
Power concedes nothing without demand. . . .
Power concedes nothing without demand.
Power confers the ability of gratifying our desire without the consent of others.
Power connects via a barrel-type plug at the top of the case.
Power constitutes three-fourths of the cost of a smelting plant.
Power continues to be consolidated in the hands of a small ruling class.
Power continues to move downwards.
Power continues to shift to state and local government.
Power controlling devices come in a wide variety of voltage and amperage ratings.
Power controls the law.
Power converts energy.
Power converts mechanical energy.
Power corrupts both the powerful and the powerless.
Power corrupts the few, but weakness corrupts the many.
Power corrupts the few, while weakness corrupts the many.
Power courses through giant skyscrapers like blood.
Power creates it, being the positive reinforcement of sin.
Power creates special moral obligations.
Power creates unsafe driving conditions in bad weather.
Power cuts in and out all across town.
Power cuts off suddenly during operation.
Power cycling the firewall seems to have gotten it back on track for now.
Power definitely helps too.
Power delivered by a third rail is, in some ways, the simpler of the two external power sources.
Power delivers more storm-penetrating distance and better data.
Power depends more on group size than on number of groups.
Power depends on the theft of industrial secrets.
Power depends upon the axle of a big cart.
Power derives from coal.
Power descends from knowledge.
Power describes the potential for the field to interact with the medium in which it is propagating.
Power designs for leading manufacturers in the welding, metal forming and fabricating industry.
Power determines how successfully a group's interests can be forwarded.
Power determines purchases.
Power dictates whether proof of rapes exists .
Power dips on the supply.
Power discloses only the brands and models that score above the industry average.
Power does corrupt but in class society power is inevitable.
Power does exist.
Power does strange things to people.
Power draws a line between literature and commercial fiction.
Power dressing now has a new weapon.
Power driven e.g., slicers, mixers, can cause serious cuts and can result in the loss of fingers.
Power driven machinery makes it possible to support great populations in plenty.
Power drives through a standard six-speed manual transmission.
Power drums back excrutiating vocals.
Power dwells at the circle s center.
Power dwells at the circle's center.
Power earns respect.
Power educates the potentate.
Power effects every relationship in a person's life.
Power emits gases.
Power emits greenhouse gases.
Power emphasizes muscle conditioning.
Power emphatically develops a total or global vision.
Power enhances ability.
Power Ensure the financial viability of the power sector.
Power enters from overhead at the northeast corner of the building.
Power enters homes.
Power equals energy.
Power equals force times distance per time .
Power equals force times velocity.
Power equals force x velocity.
Power equals responsibility.
Power equals voltage.
Power exceeds nothing without a demand.
Power exists above or below the surface in any relationship.
Power exists in all social systems and in all human relationships.
Power exists in many forms and on many levels.
Power exists only because man, being a social animal, naturally gathers into groups.
Power explains that younger kids seem to show more appreciation for their experience.
Power explains why emigrants chose mules or oxen to pull their wagons.
Power exudes energy and tenacity.
Power fail and crash recovery.
Power fail light, short circuit warning devices and protection.
Power fails to explain.
Power fails too often.
Power features abound for the experienced user.
Power feeds on itself.
Power feeds on power.
Power fills a vacuum.
Power flashes forth from newly shed blood, instead of slowly exuding as by our method.
Power flowing into a resistor is dissipated as heat.
Power flows downward making it democratic theory in reverse.
Power flows from governments, corporations, and organizations to the extremeties.
Power flows from individuals to communities to societies to civilizations.
Power flows from the top downwards.
Power flows from the top to bottom.
Power flows from vision.
Power flows through a thick cable connecting it to the home.
Power flows through people.
Power flows through the transfer switch to the designated circuits in the house.
Power flows through wire.
Power flows to all four wheels.
Power flows to the focus of attention.
Power flows upward, rather than top-down as in a business or military organization.
Power flows when prayer goes.
Power fluctuates without warning.
Power follows Unity.
Power forces it.
Power generated by wind depends on the cube of the wind speed.
Power generated in Texas stays in Texas.
Power generated is used for a waste treatment plant.
Power generates components.
Power generates energy.
Power geometrically expands it.
Power Get Some.
Power gets into the groove Much has changed in the ensuing decade or so.
Power gets to the ground through a four-speed automatic gearbox.
Power gets to the wheel via shaft drive, so leave the chain lube at home.
Power Gives the power status.
Power gives way to sail and manual powered boats.
Power go off.
Power goes hand in hand with love.
Power goes into the inlet.
Power goes off.
Power goes out and everyone waits for what they feel is certain death.
Power goes with the job.
Power goes with the office and can be a competing influence.
Power gravitates to the special and the organized as against the general interest.
Power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
Power handle option provides more leverage, allowing easier punching.
Power has a combination of ambulance and quick responder teams.
Power has a name for our brain, our imagination, our dreams, our aspirations.
Power has a price.
Power has a sell-by date, but influence lasts forever.
Power has a way of destroying the fiber of even the most well-intentioned resisters.
Power has an important place in the Chinese scheme of things.
Power has an intoxicating effect on a person's ego.
Power has applications.
Power has effects.
Power has environmental impact.
Power has good reasons.
Power has impact.
Power has incredible things that come with it.
Power has limits.
Power has many meanings.
Power has methods.
Power has no authority to carry mobile traffic in the first place.
Power has no desire to be disturbed by clap-trap from our lowly rank.
Power has no limitations.
Power has no single beginning or ending or source.
Power has nothing to do with it.
Power has performance.
Power has side effects.
Power has strange effects.
Power has strange side effects.
Power has the world title and the top ranking spot.
Power has thus a significant affect on ethnicity and in recognising ethnic groups as nations.
Power has to be challenged with power.
Power has to be given.
Power has to be insecure to be responsive.
Power has to be put at the most local level possible for the job to get done.
Power has to pass to a younger generation.
Power hook up available.
Power illustrates tendencies.
Power implies war.
Power improve around either lion either swelled boomerang.
Power includes mental strength.
Power includes relation.
Power increases as sample size increases.
Power increases as the distance between the null and sample means increases.
Power increases as the variability in the population decreases.
Power increases automatically with sample size.
Power increases energy.
Power increases in respect to the number of crowns one has.
Power increases mechanical energy.
Power increases proportionally with the cube of wind speed.
Power increases when it is shared and when it is part of a group practice.
Power increases with sensory attention.
Power increases with the numbers of employees or subordinates the power-holder commands.
Power indicates temperature.
Power indicates the number of photons that are present at one time.
Power inevitably gravitates to the source of the money.
Power inevitably subsides.
Power invariably means both responsibility and danger.
Power investing Power investing at it's best.
Power invokes right and justifies itself.
Power involves electrical energy.
Power involves the generation and transmission of electrical energy.
Power is a book with a mission the revamping of the labor movement from the bottom up.
Power is a central term used in political science.
Power is a circular thing.
Power is a coercive force, whereas submission is influence and persuasiveness.
Power is a combination of strength and speed.
Power is a commodity of the same kind as bread or drugs, but much more scarce and expensive.
Power is a complicated dimension of hospitality.
Power is a confusing mix of armies and arsenals along with economics and ethnic traditions.
Power is a consideration.
Power is a critical, limited, and shared system resource.
Power is a drug.
Power is a finite quantity.
Power is a first actuality when compared to action.
Power is a frequent contributor to the New Republic.
Power is a function of battery type, blade and deck design, and power transfer.
Power is a function of sample size, alpha level, and effect size.
Power is a function of the number of sibling pairs available.
Power is a great aphrodisiac.
Power is a great idea as long as it is productive.
Power is a heady potion that inebriates dictators, be they civilian or military.
Power is a heady thing.
Power is a highly regarded attribute in our society, sometimes even considered a virtue.
Power is a key to understanding forgiveness.
Power is a limitation because AUVs are battery operated systems.
Power is a little less than most racquets targeted at beginners.
Power is a loose cannon in the world.
Power is a means of influencing future policies.
Power is a means to an end.
Power is a means, just like money.
Power is a measure of how much energy is transferred each second.
Power is a measure of how much work can be done in a certain period of time.
Power is a measure of the rate of doing work.
Power is a measure of the rate of the work being done by an ultrasonic field.
Power is a much headier potion than co-operation.
Power is a plurality.
Power is a practice.
Power is a premium, especially in notebook computers, PDAs, and small desktop PCs.
Power is a rate of delivery of energy, just as velocity is a rate of delivery of distance.
Power is a real hot topic with customers.
Power is a reality while control is an illusion.
Power is a resource to guarantee the protection and expansion of national interest.
Power is a scalar quantity, it has no direction.
Power is a scalar.
Power is a show-stopper.
Power is a strange narcotic, the accompanying sibling of evil.
Power is a strong magnet.
Power is a strong motivator, but has little application in most classrooms.
Power is a symbol.
Power is a taboo topic for most people.
Power is a terrible trap for the ego.
Power is a very sexy thing.
Power is a weapon, a sword whose hilt and handle are razor sharp.
Power is a well-understood concept in technology circles.
Power is a woman and power talks.
Power is a word that's used too carelessly with software, and freedom almost never is.
Power is ability.
Power is about interaction among actors in terms of their interests and resources.
Power is about position in the hierarchy.
Power is about position.
Power is about to change hands and the older generation gives way to the younger generation.
Power is absorbed through the turbulent motion developed inside the device.
Power is absorbed using gas-gap calorimeters.
Power is abundant and just cruising around town produces a purr that is music to the ears.
Power is adequate enough to get a big smile going, but the very best thing is the brake system.
Power is adequate.
Power is adjustable and three fans are provided for continous duty operation.
Power is all that matters, and the only way to achieve power is to take it from someone else.
Power is all they understand.
Power is almost a necessity here due to the working time of the epoxy, especially in mid-summer.
Power is along the front of the property.
Power is already available near the carrels along the walls.
Power is also a big factor.
Power is also a consideration.
Power is also a part of economic struggles.
Power is also a plus.
Power is also at the property line.
Power is also available if needed.
Power is also related to resource requirements.
Power is also the power to heal.
Power is also the tool of the strong and nothing is stronger than a group.
Power is also typically absent from agency models, but always present in political systems.
Power is also unavailable to the crew of the ship to operate electrically powered mechanisms.
Power is always a problem.
Power is always a relative term.
Power is always dangerous.
Power is always in physical units of energy per unit time.
Power is always interpersonal.
Power is ambitious, domineering and often heartless.
Power is ample for everyday driving and fuel economy is above average for comparable vehicles.
Power is an aphrodisiac that men have used to take advantage of women for years.
Power is an aspect of social reality that many have tried desperately to remove from organizations.
Power is an aspect that generates horrendous trauma for humankind when abused.
Power is an awesome thing.
Power is an effect caused by one substance penetrating another substance of different density.
Power is an embarrassment to most indie musicians.
Power is an emergent property of knowledge.
Power is an even more important contributor to vertical jump development than strength.
Power is an ever present issue.
Power is an important currency in today's workplace.
Power is an important element of life.
Power is an important tool, both in hands of participants and attorneys.
Power is an issue in the Kingdom of God.
Power is analyzed as coming from the bottom up.
Power is another consideration.
Power is another key issue in mobile robotics.
Power is another noun.
Power is another plus.
Power is another positive note.
Power is another strong possibility.
Power is applied again and no more cutting out.
Power is applied to both sides, and farther out, so correction is easier.
Power is applied to the inside wheel only.
Power is applied to the motor and the LED lights up.
Power is approximately linear with temperature.
Power is arguably the largest single driver for spacecraft cost.
Power is at least as big a concern.
Power is at once visible and invisible, present and hidden, ubiquitous.
Power is at stake, and the ends justify the means.
Power is at the property.
Power is at the root of the human experience.
Power is at the top.
Power is attractive and aphrodisiac.
Power is available as shown on the maps provided.
Power is available at the docks and several marinas are located nearby.
Power is available at the property.
Power is available for a small fee, as is a licence to sell merchandise.
Power is available for an additional fee.
Power is available for anyone running computers or CCD cameras.
Power is available for lighting and the soda cooler as well.
Power is available for up to four busses.
Power is available on site.
Power is available on the access road.
Power is available through out the ranch.
Power is available to the highest bidder when it is needed most.
Power is available via batteries.
Power is available while the client is plugged into an electrical outlet that is receiving power.
Power is available, but there is no phone jack in the room.
Power is available, if requested, at both sites.
Power is available.
Power is bad.
Power is based on perception.
Power is based on the reaction of the hips and shoulders.
Power is based on the relation of the hips and shoulders.
Power is based on traditional headship.
Power is basically self-sufficient.
Power is basically the energy from each of the measured frequencies all added up.
Power is blessed.
Power is both reflexive, then, and impersonal.
Power is bought and sold between power plants in the pool.
Power is buildable from expertise, numbers, creativity, even humor.
Power is by a six cylinder petrol engine.
Power is by generator to a battery system.
Power is by the individual Rom.
Power is centralised in London, in the central government.
Power is centralized and requires obedience.
Power is certainly a different design.
Power is charged separately.
Power is cheap thanks to numerous hydro-electric power projects.
Power is city slick.
Power is close and phones are a possibility.
Power is close by.
Power is coextensive with the human condition.
Power is collected by solar panels, although most illumination is by candlelight.
Power is collective.
Power is compulsory influence.
Power is computed as the square of the magnitude of the complex transform.
Power is concentrated and the necessity of accountability is questioned.
Power is concentrated in the leadership.
Power is concentrated on the president.
Power is connected according to specifications.
Power is conserved as compressed air is used only to strike blows.
Power is consumed by devices.
Power is consumed in the form of voltage and CPU current.
Power is consumed only by resistive elements of a circuit.
Power is consumed only during change of state.
Power is contingent.
Power is control and they exhert physical power on their own Arab brothers.
Power is control.
Power is controlled at the cart.
Power is controlled at the front podium.
Power is controlled by adjusting the length of the cylinders.
Power is controlled by six shim blades and an automatic regulating rod.
Power is controlled with a lighted rocker switch installed on front panel.
Power is convenient, and a variety of amperage can accommodate different needs.
Power is cool.
Power is coupled from input to output by magnetic fields in a transformer.
Power is coupled into and out of the resonant circuit by a coupling loop.
Power is coupled to the shortest zig-zag section via an impedance matching transformer.
Power is coupled to tiny bulbs through a simple single turn coil.
Power is created by bat speed and arm extension using the batting sleeve.
Power is created for a purpose altogether different from that of serving as matter of reward.
Power is crucial, but make sure the ball hits the other side of the table.
Power is cut off automatically when top cover is opened.
Power is dangerous.
Power is defined and then related to the current capacity of traces.
Power is defined as a position of control, authority, or influence over others.
Power is defined as control of the resources.
Power is defined as force times distance per time .
Power is defined as force times velocity.
Power is defined as the amount of work done per unit time.
Power is defined as the degree to which a person has control over meaningful outcomes of another.
Power is defined as the flow of energy over time.
Power is defined as the rate at which energy is produced or consumed.
Power is defined as the rate at which energy is used over a period of time.
Power is defined as the rate at which work is done upon an object.
Power is defined as the time rate of doing work, or the rate of using energy.
Power is defined as the work done divided by the time it takes to do that work.
Power is defined by whose smart mouth gets punished.
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time.
Power is delivered instantly with no hesitation or gathering of itself to get underway.
Power is delivered nationwide on a cable system known as the national grid.
Power is delivered through a front wheel transaxle.
Power is delivered through the slit marked by the arrows.
Power is delivered to the front wheels by a four-speed automatic.
Power is delivered to the implant transcutaneously, via inductive coupling.
Power is dependent upon the TV Screen size.
Power is derived from a lightweight, sealed rechargeable battery.
Power is derived from applying brakes to the kite instead of from forward speed like a foil.
Power is derived from suction and pressure.
Power is derived from two sources, money and people.
Power is derived from two wings of panels, each with dual-junction gallium arsenide solar cells.
Power is determined by measuring time and processor cycles.
Power is determined by the star of strategy.
Power is developed by kicking heavy bags and learning to perform every technique properly.
Power is devolved.
Power is different than authority or dominance.
Power is diffuse.
Power is diffused.
Power is dimensionless since it is normalized to the fiducial.
Power is discovered in submission.
Power is displayed in false color.
Power is disrupted and hotel is dark.
Power is distinct from doing.
Power is distributed and combined through free space propagation.
Power is distributed much more evenly.
Power is distributed to and from all four-wheels, maximizing available traction.
Power is distributed to the system via two separate paths.
Power is distributed via power lines mounted on wood poles.
Power is divided in prisons-inmates, custodial staff, treatment staff, education, etc.
Power is divided yet again between the national government and the states.
Power is domain over men.
Power is drained.
Power is drawn from the battery pack with a heavier power demand.
Power is drawn from the computer.
Power is drawn from the mains via a two-pin lead.
Power is dynamic, relational, and interactive.
Power is dynamite.
Power is easy to calculate in DC circuits.
Power is effortless and comes on strong from low in the rev range.
Power is ego.
Power is employed and exercised through a net-like organization.
Power is energy per unit of time.
Power is energy per unit time .
Power is energy per unit time.
Power is energy transfer per unit of time .
Power is enough .
Power is enough for the daily average, but is insufficient for peak time demand.
Power is enough.
Power is equal to the product of the voltage and the current.
Power is equal toward all things.
Power is essential for today's frequent business travelers.
Power is essential.
Power is estimated by module and category as well as overall.
Power is excited about the future of Native American literature.
Power is excitement to language, to talking, to taking action by drawing words and symbols.
Power is exercised by wicked rulers in high places.
Power is exercised here with greater subtlety and grace.
Power is exercised in a network by participating and contributing.
Power is exercised through the legislative, executive and judicial organs of the country.
Power is expensive and modern stainless mills operate close to the theoretical minimum.
Power is expensive, so it's important to minimize loss when moving it around.
Power is expressed in watts.
Power is extracted from combustion products before heat is supplied for end use.
Power is extremely smooth due to the absence of explosions and reciprocating parts.
Power is fed by cable to the single electric motor, and the machine takes off vertically.
Power is fed through a standard five-speed manual transmission.
Power is fed to both ends of the array as well as to intermediate points where necessary.
Power is fed up to the camera via the cable.
Power is filtered to eliminate electrical noise radiation.
Power is finite.
Power is fit to be optimistic.
Power is focused around two poles.
Power is for doing good.
Power is for the harmless and knowledge for the idiot.
Power is for witness, and witness is for the whole world.
Power is for witness.
Power is force multiplied by speed.
Power is forms of energy.
Power is found by dividing work by time.
Power is fragile, especially when in the hands of just one person.
Power is fraudulent, beauty is fraudulent, and wealth is fraudulent, as is pride of ancestry.
Power is freedom.
Power is from a ni cad pack.
Power is full of noise, smoke and shaking.
Power is fundamental to conflict in diverse ways.
Power is furnished by an engine of forty-horse power.
Power is furnished by an engine of twenty horse-power.
Power is furnished by an engine of twenty-five horse power.
Power is gained through a strong party.
Power is gained through animation and enslavement of the dead, both followers as well as nobles.
Power is gender specific.
Power is generally constant, and rate of descent is controlled by pitch.
Power is generally unrelated to truth or peace of mind.
Power is generated at a steady rate and stored in a battery bank for later use.
Power is generated at a steady rate and stored in a battery bank.
Power is generated at the company's hydroelectric, coal, oil, and nuclear facilities.
Power is generated at the pole from the excess fuel brought in the plane.
Power is generated by dams that are located on the Colorado River and along the All American Canal.
Power is generated by energy.
Power is generated by fission.
Power is generated by flying inside of the wind window.
Power is generated by forces.
Power is generated by fuel.
Power is generated by motors.
Power is generated by the spring driving a generator through an internal gear train.
Power is generated by the spring driving the generator through an internal gear train.
Power is generated by turning a turbine with air pushed by the undulating motion of waves.
Power is generated in a direct drive, low speed, permanent magnet alternator.
Power is generated in the higher-demand daytime periods by depleting water reservoirs.
Power is generated on site.
Power is generated thru plant of front foot, wrists and follow thru.
Power is generated using the forces of low and high tide.
Power is generated within card from radio signals.
Power is give to death and hell to over one fourth of the earth.
Power is given to specific bodies for specific functions.
Power is given to whoever has the most intimate stakeholder contact.
Power is gleaned from the sun or wind.
Power is good, and often starts with good intentions, but so did the hydrogen bomb.
Power is good, and responsive, around town.
Power is good.
Power is goodness.
Power is governed by knowledge.
Power is granted in the Constitution, and thus limited by virtue of that delegation and enumeration.
Power is greater than control.
Power is half a mile away.
Power is heard, felt, seen.
Power is heavily concentrated in the executive branch of government.
Power is held by a small number of people at the top.
Power is held only in destruction, because the seeds of the spirit can again be reborn.
Power is higher in areas with heavy rain.
Power is highly attractive.
Power is highly personalized and often money is the currency of political power.
Power is huge.
Power is immensely attractive to the governmental mindset.
Power is in back.
Power is in balance and parental teamwork strengthens the couples' relationship.
Power is in critically short supply, making conservation of paramount importance.
Power is in fact redistributed through negotiation between citizens and power holders.
Power is in inflicting pain and humiliation.
Power is in joules per second.
Power is in knowing what information means.
Power is in numbers and unified action.
Power is in numbers.
Power is in part a function of equality and authority.
Power is in proportion to engine speed.
Power is in quality tone rather than quantity of guitar tracks.
Power is in short supply and prices are soaring.
Power is in the balance.
Power is in the hands of the military.
Power is in the process.
Power is in turn threatened.
Power is in unity.
Power is in Watts.
Power is in, and subtlety's out.
Power is in.
Power is increased if work is done faster or energy is transferred in less time.
Power is increased through exalted ideas.
Power is increased througout the first stroke up to three-quarter pressure at the finish.
Power is indeed a dangerous thing.
Power is indicated both by color and surface height.
Power is indicated by a green LED on faceplate.
Power is indicated by the green light.
Power is infinitely variable and responds instantly and precisely.
Power is influence.
Power is inherent in the role of the minister and in the role of supervisor.
Power is instantaneous and effortless at any speed.
Power is instantaneous.
Power is invariably the goal.
Power is involved in the way people produce, access, and use knowledge.
Power is it .
Power is just as corrupting as cash.
Power is kept in different ways.
Power is kept on through the turn to final course as the plane climbs to it's cruising altitude.
Power is kind of like water.
Power is knowledge aplied with wisdom.
Power is knowledge that leads to understanding which leads to freedom.
Power is largely a function of socio-economics, and the value of the currency of choice.
Power is largely in the eyes of the victim.
Power is largely what externalities are about.
Power is less of an issue.
Power is liberating.
Power is like anything else.
Power is likely to be a stampable document.
Power is limited only to the size and number of components that the computer can handle.
Power is local, and there are political factors involved.
Power is located on the stage wall.
Power is located thru out the ranch.
Power is lost after the exposure.
Power is lost before it does so.
Power is lost no matter which direction the current flows.
Power is lost only by ignoring requirements or deadlines.
Power is love.
Power is maintained to the load regardless of the condition of the commercial power source.
Power is manifest and applied differently with external styles than with internal styles.
Power is manifest and applied differently with internal styles than with external styles.
Power is meaningless.
Power is measure in Watts, and Joules.
Power is measured directly thru current and voltage, therefore, no calibration is needed.
Power is measured in megawatts, in megabytes, in chip speed, and in bank balances.
Power is measured in millions of tons of steel, coal or oil Birth of a diversity of materials.
Power is measured in Watts .
Power is measured in watts, and intensity is therefore measured in watts per square meter.
Power is measured in Watts, and is the product of voltage times current.
Power is measured in watts, kilowatts and horsepower.
Power is measured in watts.
Power is measured in Watts.
Power is merely force unless it is wielded for the good of the people.
Power is metered separately.
Power is mixed with milk or made into pills to use as a medication.
Power is more and more in the hands of the few.
Power is more diffuse.
Power is more expensive.
Power is more important.
Power is more likely the idea of exousia here.
Power is more than adequate.
Power is most important to understanding and changing the inequalities between women and men.
Power is moved onto the grid by generators or power producers and pulled off it to serve customers.
Power is much more attractive.
Power is much more diffuse and complex in today's society.
Power is much more easily manifested in destroying than in creating.
Power is much more than financial wealth and richness.
Power is multiple and ubiquitous.
Power is music.
Power is nearby.
Power is necessary to do the work of heating.
Power is necessary.
Power is needed of course.
Power is needed to keep the magnets cold, at liquid helium temperature.
Power is needed to overcome that resistance.
Power is neither positive nor negative, it simply is.
Power is neutral.
Power is nice, but it's a distant second in priority.
Power is nice, but pitching is the key.
Power is no absolute gauge of effectiveness.
Power is no blessing in itself, except when it is used to protect the innocent.
Power is no good without control, or so the saying goes.
Power is no longer in vogue.
Power is no longer most vulnerable when visible, but when it stops moving.
Power is no longer the measure of moral worth.
Power is no longer what power used to be.
Power is no substitute for vision.
Power is nothing without control.
Power is nothing without having someone to give it to.
Power is nothing without justice.
Power is nothing without manners.
Power is nothing without support from the grassroots.
Power is nothing, they say, without control.
Power is now abundant.
Power is now available on a temporary basis.
Power is now in the hands of the pros, and all is supposed to be right in the world.
Power is nurtured by a rich respect for each individual's independence.
Power is obtained from current loop.
Power is obtained from the signal cable that runs back to the timer in the announcer's booth.
Power is obvious.
Power is of little, if any, value when no only respects it or remembers it.
Power is of two kinds.
Power is off for some buildings.
Power is off to the controller.
Power is often the last tool to develop.
Power is on site.
Power is on the property.
Power is on the rise, but unfortunately, so is complexity.
Power is ON to the box.
Power is on, boot is in progress.
Power is on, phone available.
Power is on.
Power is one of our core businesses and the U.S. northeast is one of our core markets.
Power is one of the major causes of data centre failure.
Power is one of the most difficult areas within man's possession to relinquish.
Power is one of the themes that connects The Promise of Diversity to servant-leadership.
Power is only available to participants in the paddock on a first come basis.
Power is only available when the sun is out.
Power is only available when the wind blows.
Power is only dissipated, in case the circuit actually switches.
Power is only of real value when it is shared and used wisely.
Power is opportunity for service.
Power is our business, our only business.
Power is our business.
Power is out and an emergency crew is replacing the damaged electrical equipment.
Power is out in town.
Power is out throughout the islands.
Power is out.
Power is passed from the motor to the drive shaft in proportion to the engine's speed and load.
Power is peaky, yet adequate for zipping around town.
Power is people.
Power is perfected in weakness.
Power is personal in Burma.
Power is physical phenomenons.
Power is plentiful for passing, and steep mountain highways are easy to climb.
Power is plentiful.
Power is plotted on the vertical axis and sample size is on the horizontal axis.
Power is poison.
Power is possessed and exercised mainly by the big numbers toward the foot.
Power is possessed and exercised mainly by the big numbers towards the foot.
Power is potency.
Power is potential that can harm or help.
Power is power, even when a jerk has it.
Power is power.
Power is present means, whencesoever derived, to attain some future apparent good.
Power is presumed to contaminate all workplace relationships.
Power is process of work per unit of time.
Power is produced across a wide rpm band for easy to control operation.
Power is produced across a wide rpm for maximum rideability.
Power is produced and is sent to homes and businesses.
Power is produced at Black Canyon Dam.
Power is produced by generators which use coal, gas, water or nuclear fission to create it.
Power is produced by nuclear, coal-fired, and hydroelectric means.
Power is produced on ebb tide.
Power is produced only a few hours each weekday when the demand for electricity is greatest.
Power is produced when sunlight strikes the semiconductor material and creates an electric current.
Power is produced while the gases in the cylinder expand and cool.
Power is proportional to torque and rpm and is measured in horsepower.
Power is proposed to be put in within the next five years.
Power is provided by a compact electric motor positioned inside a driving sheave.
Power is provided by a cord that plugs into the wall or by batteries furnished by the user.
Power is provided by a deck engine.
Power is provided by a generator with charger and batteries, which remains with the property.
Power is provided by a variable power supply on the floor to the right of the door.
Power is provided by AA batteries.
Power is provided by an in-built solar panel.
Power is provided by an in-line desktop power supply or by the rack.
Power is provided by an internal spring-driven generator.
Power is provided by gasoline engine shown at middle right.
Power is provided by internal batteries in the notebook computer and data acquisition system.
Power is provided by long cables that are reeled in and out as the roof slides open and shut.
Power is provided by other utility corporations.
Power is provided by propane powered generators.
Power is provided by solar cells that charge an internal battery.
Power is provided by the combination of the orbiter's three main engines and the twin SRBs.
Power is provided by two engines connected to the rotor drive system by multiple vee belts.
Power is provided by two power units.
Power is provided by two solar panels.
Power is provided continuously.
Power is provided from four deployed panels of gallium arsenide solar cells.
Power is provided through five substations.
Power is provided through the USB port.
Power is provided to the fan unit from the power backplane.
Power is provided via the coaxial cable.
Power is provided with a heavy duty toroidal power transformer.
Power is pulled from a spare connector in the computer.
Power is purchased from the local rural electric association.
Power is put to the pavement via two transmissions.
Power is quality
Power is quality.
Power is quite good, as is bump absorption.
Power is rapid and obvious acceleration, achieved by forceful stroking.
Power is rare and can really hurt.
Power is rate of energy addition.
Power is rated in watts PEP output.
Power is rates.
Power is rationed and the phones sulk at whim.
Power is readily available.
Power is real, but strike zone judgment is questionable.
Power is realized through the control of professional resources.
Power is really a cementing force.
Power is really important to some elected officials.
Power is reapplied as the slip is arrested.
Power is recovered automatically when the temperature is reduced below the safe limit.
Power is rectified and filtered to supply transmitter and sensor circuitry.
Power is redefined.
Power is reduced and the output becomes a high impedance when disabled.
Power is referred to as the combination of strength and speed.
Power is regulated by a voltage dial located on the power box itself.
Power is regulated through a three speed gearbox and automatic centrifugal clutch.
Power is related to current as .
Power is related to how fast a job is done.
Power is relational and interpersonal.
Power is removed.
Power is represented by the one who has control and who can effect change.
Power is required for an object to travel at any speed.
Power is required to move collimators, activate field lights, align system, etc.
Power is required to sprint, the greater the leg power the greater the stride length.
Power is respect.
Power is responsibility.
Power is restored at some point between four hours and seven hours later.
Power is restored five hours later.
Power is restored, but all their data is gone.
Power is roughly equal to the current times the voltage.
Power is routed through an electronically controlled four-speed overdrive automatic.
Power is routed to the front wheels and a competent chassis.
Power is run to pool equipment location.
Power is safe only in the hands of the humble.
Power is saved anytime pump speed can be slowed down during low demand periods.
Power is seen as a finite commodity.
Power is selectable via an internal slide switch.
Power is sent from the transformer to the amplifier via coaxial cable.
Power is sent remotely via the coax connection using the provided power injector and power supply.
Power is set by the length of the backswing.
Power is sexy.
Power is shared between a directly elected president, a prime minister, and a bicameral legislature.
Power is shared between national and provincial governments.
Power is shared, regardless of where it's generated.
Power is shared.
Power is shut down across the city.
Power is simply a more useful product made from various raw materials.
Power is simply too diffuse.
Power is simply voltage times current.
Power is smooth and controlable for off-roading.
Power is smooth and readily available throughout the torque band in both engine configurations.
Power is so characteristically calm, that calmness in itself has the aspect of strength.
Power is so thrilling that people want to get close to it.
Power is sold at auction through a computerized system.
Power is something else.
Power is something humans both seek and fear.
Power is something that ought to require a bit of thinking before flicking the switch.
Power is sought for the good of others and for the strengthening of the collective political body.
Power is spiced with mustard greens and curry powder.
Power is still in the hands of the only party.
Power is still off.
Power is still there.
Power is still very centralized in Japan, unfortunately.
Power is stored in batteries inside the car.
Power is stored in twelve deep cycle batteries.
Power is strength.
Power is strong and smooth even in the base wagon.
Power is sufficient for continuous applications.
Power is suppled from an electronics package located on the surface.
Power is supplied by a an internal transformer that is mounted inside the cabinet.
Power is supplied by a generator.
Power is supplied by a modular wall plug-in power supply.
Power is supplied by a panel switch or foot switch for ease of use.
Power is supplied by a rechargeable battery in the handle of the scanner.
Power is supplied by a rechargeable lithium-ion battery pack.
Power is supplied by a standard shop air compressor.
Power is supplied by a variety of industrial class gasoline engines.
Power is supplied by an external microwave source.
Power is supplied by an international de sk-top power supply.
Power is supplied by an on-site power plant.
Power is supplied by an ordinary power cable, and the cabinet is activated by a switch on the back.
Power is supplied by bottled gas that serves the cookers, heater, lighs and new stove.
Power is supplied by contact rail to the vehicles through outrigger-mounted contact shoes.
Power is supplied by four AA batteries.
Power is supplied by frequency controlled inverters or if needed, a roof mounted generator.
Power is supplied by generators.
Power is supplied by the computer to operate reader.
Power is supplied by the D cell battery pack in the housing.
Power is supplied by the DO meter.
Power is supplied by the laptop and automatic cable switch and termination handling is provided.
Power is supplied by the main power drop back at the base.
Power is supplied by the mainland and fiber-optic telephone equipment is available.
Power is supplied by the on-board battery system of the sailplane.
Power is supplied by the USB cable, so it can be used with both desktop and notebook PCs.
Power is supplied by three large generators.
Power is supplied by two AA batteries and an LED indicates battery status.
Power is supplied continuosly to two thermostat controlled heating pads.
Power is supplied directly from the USB port.
Power is supplied directly to the camera through the USB cable.
Power is supplied directly via the keyboard port.
Power is supplied for enterprises with double circuits.
Power is supplied from a metal water wheel with the water source coming from a mill pond.
Power is supplied from a small wall mounted transformer.
Power is supplied from a wall transformer.
Power is supplied from proprietary dry batteries.
Power is supplied from remote transformers.
Power is supplied from the industrial power network with alternating current.
Power is supplied from the serial port or externally.
Power is supplied immediately.
Power is supplied through a cord which passes through the front left leg.
Power is supplied through small ribbon-like conductors which are moulded into the hose.
Power is supplied through the backplane of the rack.
Power is supplied to all but the ignition and starter circuit.
Power is supplied to the camera with many extension cords.
Power is supplied to the city by two distribution substations.
Power is supplied to the city by two-way feed.
Power is supplied to the ignition circuit and the starter motor only.
Power is supplied to the receiver by a cigarette-lighter adaptor.
Power is supplied to the remote panels through the control cable.
Power is supplied to the shelf, when needed.
Power is supplied via a door bell electrical box in the wall to the cabinets left.
Power is supplied via four double A batteries, either alkaline or lithium.
Power is supplied via output connecter.
Power is supplied via the phone line.
Power is supplied via the USB interface.
Power is supplied with reliable generators.
Power is taken as an end in itself. .
Power is taken as an end in itself.
Power is taken directly from the port.
Power is taken from a voltage source, delivered to a load, or vice versa.
Power is taken from a voltage source, delivered to a load.
Power is taken from it.
Power is taken from the port.
Power is taken, and it is taken from someone.
Power is temporary and always invites a backlash.
Power is temporary.
Power is tested in struggle.
Power is the ability of a group of muscles to create force.
Power is the ability of a monitoring program to detect a trend if one is really going on.
Power is the ability of the lens to increase the visual size of an object.
Power is the ability or capacity to act or perform effectively.
Power is the ability to act and make a difference.
Power is the ability to act, do and accomplish good.
Power is the ability to act.
Power is the ability to appropriate money to friends and family.
Power is the ability to ascend over others.
Power is the ability to be able to coerce a direction in a certain way.
Power is the ability to direct or change the product design.
Power is the ability to do or act.
Power is the ability to exert force quickly through a vertical distance.
Power is the ability to exert force quickly.
Power is the ability to get something done.
Power is the ability to influence decisions and actions.
Power is the ability to influence others.
Power is the ability to make people be obedient or become so.
Power is the ability to negotiate and influence outcomes in a particular environment.
Power is the ability to produce maximum force in the shortest period of time.
Power is the ability to use power to empower.
Power is the active element in the process.
Power is the amount of force that an object can generate in space and time.
Power is the amount of work done in a certain amount of time.
Power is the amount of work done in a given length of time.
Power is the application of maximum force in the minimum time.
Power is the backbone of a functional society.
Power is the basis of societal institutions.
Power is the biggest concern, fortunately all of the systems have some kind of backup.
Power is the capacity to achieve purpose.
Power is the capacity to decide the objective.
Power is the capacity to influence decisions and leadership is about the process of influence.
Power is the capacity to influence.
Power is the capacity to translate intention into reality and sustain it.
Power is the central issue - who holds it, how it is exercised and for whose benefit.
Power is the combination of speed times mass.
Power is the combination of strength and flexibility.
Power is the condition and limit of politics, culture and authority.
Power is the control of man over man.
Power is the default setting it exists by itself and is the universe.
Power is the description of potential or actual influence .
Power is the dominant issue of our time.
Power is the dynamic which keeps the social world in motion.
Power is the emergence of energy which is used to achieve a goal.
Power is the end result of perfect execution and precise control.
Power is the extremely important to elite athletes.
Power is the force or the strength needed to command, act, or rule.
Power is the form taken by knowledge.
Power is the foundation of diplomacy in a conflictual world.
Power is the foundation of modern society.
Power is the freedom for people to be all that they can be.
Power is the gift of water.
Power is the goal, Of many girls and boys.
Power is the great aphrodesiac.
Power is the great motivator.
Power is the great seducer that has throughout history fed the lie of denial.
Power is the greatest source.
Power is the greatest town-planner.
Power is the horse ridden by evil.
Power is the 'influence potential' for leaders.
Power is the influence to control.
Power is the intangible currency of any profession.
Power is the intentional influence over the beliefs, emotions, and behaviors of people.
Power is the issue in the politics of literature, as it is in the politics of anything else.
Power is the key for long-range hunting uses.
Power is the key to success.
Power is the key.
Power is the lifeline for industrial development of any State.
Power is the maximum force that can be generated in the least amount of time.
Power is the measure of how fast work is done.
Power is the measure of the amount of work done over time.
Power is the most coveted reward- the power to run a project, a department, or an entire company.
Power is the most critical element in today's networked economy.
Power is the most dangerous and addictive drugs known to man.
Power is the most skewed specification in home theater.
Power is the multiplicity of relationships of strength.
Power is the name of the game.
Power is the only defining limit.
Power is the only imperative.
Power is the operative word.
Power is the other key word.
Power is the perception of power.
Power is the positive reinforcement which creates corruption.
Power is the potential to affect the course of events in communities.
Power is the power over other people.
Power is the prerequisite to earth and soil.
Power is the principle issue.
Power is the probability of a statistical test to detect a meaningful effect.
Power is the probability of correctly rejecting a false null hypothesis .
Power is the probability of correctly rejecting the null.
Power is the probability of detecting a true difference.
Power is the probability of finding a statistically significant difference.
Power is the probability of rejecting a false null.
Power is the probability of rejecting the null hypothesis when it is false.
Power is the problem.
Power is the process of work per unit of time.
Power is the product of force times velocity.
Power is the product of speed and torque.
Power is the product of torque times rpm.
Power is the product of volts and amps.
Power is the quantity of work done in a determined amount of time.
Power is the rate at which electrical energy is supplied to a circuit or consumed by a load.
Power is the rate at which energy is added to or removed from a circuit by a battery or a load.
Power is the rate at which energy is delivered or consumed.
Power is the rate at which energy is delivered, or the rate at which work is done.
Power is the rate at which energy is generated or used.
Power is the rate at which energy is produced.
Power is the rate at which energy is transferred.
Power is the rate at which energy is used up and is measured in watts.
Power is the rate at which work is done and the rate at which energy is used.
Power is the rate at which work is done or energy is transferred in a unit of time.
Power is the rate at which work is done or the rate at which energy is being used up or radiated.
Power is the rate at which work is done, or the rate at which energy is changed.
Power is the rate at which work is done.
Power is the rate of delivery or consumption of energy.
Power is the rate of doing work and involves force, distance, and time.
Power is the rate of doing work or the rate of using energy, which are numerically the same.
Power is the rate of doing work.
Power is the rate of energy release at a given instant in time.
Power is the rate of energy use or production.
Power is the rate of spending energy or energy per unit time.
Power is the rate of transfer of energy or the rate of doing work.
Power is the rate of using energy to do work.
Power is the rate of working.
Power is the rate or how fast energy is given off or absorbed.
Power is the rate or speed at which work is done.
Power is the result.
Power is the reward of sadness.
Power is the right, ability, or faculty of doing something.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few homeowners think much about it.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few homeowners think much about.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few homeowners think much.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few homeowners think.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few homeowners.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet few.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households, yet.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most households.
Power is the second most expensive cost for most.
Power is the second most expensive cost for.
Power is the second most expensive cost.
Power is the second.
Power is the source for so many of our comforts.
Power is the speed of the serve.
Power is the steering mechanism of the state.
Power is the strength, or force, a muscle can generate when contracting at a rapid rate.
Power is the substitute which satan promotes.
Power is the term that is used to describe energy flow.
Power is the time rate at which work is done or energy is transferred.
Power is the time rate of doing work.
Power is the transmit capability of each radio.
Power is the transmitter power in dBm.
Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.
Power is the ultimate consumption good.
Power is the very essence, the dynamo of life.
Power is the word that comes to mind.
Power is the work input.
Power is the work performed by a current.
Power is the work required per unit of time to overcome the net forces acting on the rider and bike.
Power is the. com.
Power is the. deregulation of energy .
Power is the. electric company .
Power is the.
Power is their goal.
Power is their pagan god.
Power is there to be grasped and is continually open to challenge.
Power is there too.
Power is there.
Power is therefore among the most important resources in Iceland.
Power is to an astonishing degree independent of material factors, either of numbers or means.
Power is to be provided by full beverage cans.
Power is to be retained by the states and people.
Power is to be supplied by a disconnect switch.
Power is to the lot line.
Power is to the property line.
Power is too dangerous to all be in one set of hands, whether judicial, executive or legislative.
Power is too expensive.
Power is transferred along the bridge through submarine cables.
Power is transferred as necessary when traction becomes less secure.
Power is transferred by belts to machinery and additional line-shafts.
Power is transferred from the deck unit to the remote unit via a two-conductor test cable.
Power is transferred through a battery clip which connects the battery to the remote master.
Power is transferred to it via a flat belt to the shaft on the lower left.
Power is transferred to the belt drive via a five speed transmission.
Power is transferred to the wheels through a five-speed manual gearbox.
Power is transient and no human being can be the repository of absolute power.
Power is transmitted down the coaxial cable to operate the underwater lights, camera and sonar.
Power is transmitted from the axle to the wheel via drop gears in each wheel hub.
Power is transmitted from the engine to the rear axle by way of a chain.
Power is transmitted from the motor to the balance cages using a variable speed belt.
Power is transmitted to rear wheels that can smoke the tires with little provocation.
Power is transmitted to the axle shafts through the differential pinions and the side gears.
Power is transmitted to the front wheels via a close ratio six-speed manual transmission.
Power is transmitted to the rear wheel by a cog belt.
Power is transmitted to the wheels that can best use it.
Power is transmitted to towns and industries down the valley over transmission lines.
Power is transported to land via a conventional submarine cable.
Power is trust.
Power is turned off automatically to prevent battery consumption.
Power is turned up by advancing the switch-on time within each half cycle.
Power is understood as the capacity to make decisions.
Power is unprotected from surges and brownouts.
Power is up about ten percent and distortion is down by almost a an order of magnitude.
Power is up throughout the rev range, and emissions are kept to a minimum.
Power is up.
Power is used best when never used.
Power is used by appliances.
Power is used by devices.
Power is used for service, and work is integrated with managing.
Power is used selfishly and as a shield.
Power is used to fight.
Power is used to take some action.
Power is useless unless directed in the proper channel.
Power is usually a diesel engine, marine transmission to belt, jack shaft, and chain final drive.
Power is very comparable to the desert eagles.
Power is very strong, yet refined, with a linear feel to the torque curve.
Power is via a pair of screw terminals to connect to the supplied wall wart.
Power is vital in the winter when temperatures plunge far below zero.
Power is vital to survival.
Power is voltage times current, so the higher the voltage, the lower the current for the same power.
Power is what a picture is all about.
Power is what matters.
Power is what no athlete can do without.
Power is what people look for.
Power is what they seek, and power is what they get.
Power is what transforms every society, every individual's quality of living.
Power is where the the money is. . . .
Power is who controls the purse strings.
Power is wielded through fear mongering, and leadership comes from the crack of the whip.
Power is with the companies.
Power is with the environment.
Power is with the people.
Power is work divided by time.
Power is work done in a given period of time.
Power is work done over time.
Power is work per time.
Power is Work per time.
Power is, like before, seriously adequate.
Power is, therefore, vested in government solely through a legal conveyance from the people.
Power isa phenomenon.
Power Keep it Free.
Power keeps going off in various sections at a time.
Power kills, absolute power kills absolutely.
Power kites , on the other hand, serve a very different form of entertainment.
Power leads pass from the motor through the hollow shaft to the terminal box.
Power leads to control.
Power leads to negotiations, which leads to resolution.
Power Leave the power set to zero in the first step.
Power leaving a portable substation goes through two boxes to a drill.
Power lies at the centre.
Power lies at the top.
Power lies in numbers, but only if used properly.
Power lies in numbers.
Power lies in the body.
Power lies in the interstices.
Power lies in the street, waiting to be seized.
Power lies in the union of things similar and the division of things dissimilar.
Power lies with politicians.
Power lies with the poor.
Power lies with the system, and users struggle for understanding, let alone control.
Power lift the condemnation.
Power lines down and trees uprooted.
Power lines down blocking roads.
Power lines down.
Power lock down in center section.
Power lunches with the stars.
Power Make significance level bigger.
Power makes for prolific producers and demanding consumers with a wide reach.
Power makes no demands.
Power makes our witnessing assured and compelling.
Power makes right.
Power marketer a nongenerating company that buys and sells power.
Power means ability to achieve ends.
Power means being in control.
Power means control of the thought through control of language.
Power means focusing on how to be effective.
Power means many things to many people.
Power means shifting body weight.
Power means strength and pointing people in the right direction.
Power means the ability to accomplish one s purposes.
Power means the ability to get things done.
Power means the ability to move, to construct, and to achieve.
Power measures in watts.
Power measures the rate at which work is done.
Power meets l hour per day.
Power mix both portions first to obtain a smooth, homogeneous condition.
Power mix the base portion first to obtain a smooth, homogeneous condition.
Power mix thoroughly for a minimum of five minutes.
Power multiplied by duration equals strength.
Power naturally grows.
Power needs moral support or it shrivels.
Power needs the body, and the body needs power.
Power needs to be controlled to power the motor at the desired speed.
Power needs to be democratized.
Power needs to be directed, guided and shaped by love.
Power needs to be equivalent for creating peace.
Power needs to be monitored.
Power needs to be restored to local government and placed in the hands of local people.
Power needs to be switched on at the control panel and at the projectors.
Power needs to stay with the witch the wizard and the coven.
Power never concedes anything without a demand.
Power never gives up without a fight.
Power now flows from the center to the edges.
Power now operates more by lure and surveillance than by pushing and shoving.
Power nurtures the idolatry of self.
Power only changes hands if opposed by stronger power.
Power only reaches the load when the user is ready.
Power only seeks self-interest.
Power operates within a network of cultural, social and institutional contexts.
Power outlet for a regular workstation.
Power passes through some.
Power Pigs Out.
Power play in a pure culture.
Power play on agenda.
Power play One successful director shows that empowerment is the key to an effective workforce.
Power Play reach national viewership via satellite and tape delivery systems.
Power plays a huge part in how successful a person can be in Hollywood.
Power plays and mudslinging fill the column-inches and news spots.
Power plays with plastic.
Power pouches The decrees seem to have died down recently.
Power presents a respectable face as reasonable conservatism.
Power proceeds from the people.
Power produced by the engine is transmitted via the crankshaft.
Power produced by the inboard engine is transferred to the propeller by a drive shaft.
Power produces results.
Power provides electricity.
Power provides low voltage.
Power provides voltage.
Power pursues the paths of maximal effective communication.
Power pyramides of the national states seem to stand on their bottoms.
Power raises x to the nth power.
Power rakes or de-thatching machines can be rented to eliminate thatch layers.
Power rakes or other mechanically driven de thatching machines are usually superior to hand rakes.
Power rakes, or dethatchers, use power driven tines to tear the thatch out of the lawn.
Power raking or dethatching can help remove thatch in a lawn.
Power raking removes excessive layers of thatch that build up and can suffocate the grass.
Power ranges from ultralight through medium on up to ultraheavy.
Power reaches the pavement through a five-speed manual transmission.
Power reaches the rear wheels through a five-speed automatic transmission.
Power reaches the wheels through a four-speed automatic gearbox.
Power really matters, Consumers they can see.
Power refers to how much larger an object is made to look through a magnifying lens.
Power refers to inner energy, the source and energy behind the ability to transform.
Power refers to issues such as governance, dominance and patriarchy, as well as women and violence.
Power refers to the rate at which an electrical device uses energy.
Power refers to the rate at which electrical energy is converted to thermal energy.
Power refers to the rate at which energy is supplied or converted by the appliance or circuit.
Power refers to the strength of the features and ease of use addresses their implemention.
Power relies on consent .
Power remains concentrated in the hands of the president.
Power remains in the grip of an oligarchy dominated by civil and military officers.
Power remains in the hands of an ethnic minority.
Power remains the least expensive and most efficient form of energy.
Power repeatedly goes on and off in hotel.
Power requires conditions.
Power requires consent.
Power requires generosity to maintain.
Power requires huge investment in India to meet our energy needs.
Power requires more and more materialistic expression.
Power requires numbers, domination followers.
Power requires weather conditions.
Power resides in every individual and agency.
Power resides in the hands of a single individual or just a few people.
Power rests on authority.
Power rests on equality of social function.
Power rests on the kind of knowledge that one holds.
Power rests on the point of a bayonet.
Power rests with the people, who exercise it through elections and referendum.
Power rests with the store.
Power rests, as ever, in the hands of a few families in Khartoum.
Power run underground to barn.
Power runs between the two.
Power s out.
Power says that product is important.
Power says the agreement guarantees even more hydro jobs for the area.
Power scrub the floor to remove tire marks and oil stains.
Power search our educational catalog.
Power search our online catalog and enjoy our seven day approval period.
Power searches using connectors.
Power seeking children defy the parent's attempts to correct the child's behavior.
Power seems to be the hallmark of the role .illness itself uncover hidden reserves of strength.
Power seems to be the necessary evil.
Power seems to disperse like smoke.
Power seems to imply struggle and inequality.
Power seems unassailable, invulnerable when faced with challenge. . . .
Power sees sparring with officials as part of the game.
Power shift away from Europe.
Power shifts forward or back as necessary to cope with diminishing traction.
Power shows the capability of an experiment to detect a difference of a certain magnitude.
Power shows what member control really looks like, and why it is crucial to labor's future.
Power sliding doors are standard on both sides of LXi and Limited models.
Power sliding doors come to mind.
Power spikes over telephone lines are more common than electrical power surges.
Power spraying equipment is used for each service treatment.
Power springs up between men when they act together and vanishes the moment they disperse.
Power stands at the heart of leadership.
Power starts flowing through Europe's single market.
Power starts returning.
Power stay off for a bit.
Power stays off.
Power Stays solid until there is a loss of power.
Power still comes from the barrel of a gun.
Power still matters in the Big Ten.
Power still needs to decide whether mitochondrial evidence can be admitted at trial at all.
Power stops at that division.
Power strips with surge protection are safer than extension cords.
Power strips with surge protection typically contain four to seven electrical outlets.
Power strips with surge protectors.
Power strives to monopolize.
Power struggles and conflicts are at an all time high.
Power struggles between Kings of France and Habsburg rulers of Holy Roman Empire and Spain.
Power struggles between parents and children.
Power struggles counter our natural motive to cooperate.
Power struggles everywhere.
Power struggles in a war camp.
Power struggles in marriage.
Power struggles in the cabinet as well as more controls in taxation and lending.
Power struggles over food and eating often plague families where someone has an eating disorder.
Power struggles over money are about power and control.
Power suits notwithstanding, red is a great color.
Power supplies to drive motors.
Power supplies to electric drive motors.
Power supplies to electric motors.
Power supplies to motors.
Power suppose off no development but measure tampa bay buccaneers caps.
Power surges cause lots of trouble.
Power surges damage equipment outright, but power outages can also cause damage.
Power surges from lightening can come through the cords and be dangerous.
Power surges from lightening can overload the compressors.
Power surges from lighting can overload the compressor resulting in a costly repair job.
Power surges from lighting can overload the compressors.
Power surges from lightning can cause serious damage.
Power surges from lightning can overload compressors.
Power surges from lightning can overload the compressor, resulting in a costly repair job.
Power surges from lightning can overload the compressors.
Power surges through the phone or power lines is the responsibility of the user.
Power surges to the transwarp gateway systems unchecked.
Power surges, often caused by lightning strikes can cause a modem to stop functioning properly.
Power surges, or moderate voltage changes, occur regularly.
Power swings back and forth in Washington.
Power switch light and temperature blinking light.
Power Switch On the back panel.
Power switch Soft power controlled from keyboard and infrared remote control.
Power take off is possible only from fly wheel end.
Power Take Off system uses the vehicle s engine to power the equipment.
Power Take Off.
Power take-off accidents still are fairly common.
Power take-off shafts generally vary with the size of the tractor.
Power take-off systems are an important part of any wave energy conversion system.
Power takes many forms, however.
Power tastes good.
Power tell agent.
Power tends to be corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tends to become concentrated.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power tends to corrupt absolutely' .
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power tends to corrupt absolutely.
Power tends to corrupt, and information power is no exception.
Power tends to corrupt, moreover, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tends to corrupt.
Power then becomes the means of deciding what is true.
Power then works through the creation of shared meanings.
Power thereby varies with velocity.
Power Think .
Power thinks the environmentalist's claims are overblown.
Power thus considered is two-fold, viz.
Power truly is in the eye of the beholder.
Power ultimately emanates from below.
Power understands power.
Power updates on today s situation have been distributed and are available outside.
Power uses energy.
Power uses internal monologues continually.
Power venting is the safest method of side wall venting.
Power walk at the mall.
Power walk for three minutes.
Power walk through the crowds as a warmup for tomorrow.
Power wash the sidewalks twice a year.
Power Wash the surface to be painted to remove all oil film, dirt and debris on surface.
Power wash the treated areas to remove the neutralised material.
Power weakens river banks one at a time.
Power When starting to swing, great acceleration takes place and momentum is also being increased.
Power wishes to dominate ideas, opinions and directions.
Power withdraws due to injury.
Power works from the outside in, but authority works from the inside out.
Power worries about the market sector imposing constraints on artistic activity.
Power write below all knife because understand animals.
Power write below all knife because understand boys life.
Power write below all knife because understand burn.
Power write below all knife because understand celebrity skin.
Power write below all knife because understand supergirl.
Power writes of Sioux culture using such poetic language that it reads like a dream world.
Power's a basic point of everyone's life.
Powers acknowledges that there is no strict definition of bohemia.
Powers already exist for young offenders to be dealt with in the usual way.
Powers also has a business background.
Powers also has a daughter who lives in New Mexico.
Powers also is well-versed on education and income level issues as they relate to the census.
Powers also looks for people with the personality to represent an advertiser.
Powers also uses a time machine return to the time of the theft and trace the missing mojo.
Powers also works as a free-lance graphic designer.
Powers appeals the court's findings and conclusions.
Powers are additional to others.
Powers are also dyadic .
Powers are also dyadic.
Powers are exclusively advisory, supplying rules and regulations to landlords and tenants.
Powers are here brought into play which are the last to be matured.
Powers are moral, mechanical, material.
Powers are progenitors of human consciousness.
Powers are same as incorporated lake assoc.
Powers are same as qualified lake assoc.
Powers are warrior angels against evil, who defend the world and people.
Powers believes people tend to move to where they want to live.
Powers believes that everyone has strange stories that are often hidden in the closet.
Powers belong to people.
Powers can get through.
Powers certainly makes it easy to see the attraction.
Powers chooses the lesser of the two.
Powers concurs that all is well now and that the matter has been cleared up.
Powers considers the segue from engineering to dance a natural one.
Powers continues to teach by speaking to thousands of teachers every year.
Powers converge as a spirit being materializes at the portal by the pyramid.
Powers cover version.
Powers examines the behaviors associated with being an exemplary trainer.
Powers follow patterns or rules, too.
Powers gets weirder yet in the last chapter.
Powers has additional information on ways pork producers can reduce odors.
Powers has several convictions for drug possession, court records indicate.
Powers have they, mighty and potent.
Powers hopes that a shot of technology can change the fortune of rural Colorado.
Powers is a firm believer in biological pest control.
Powers is a genuine original.
Powers is a masterful stylist, and the alternating stories tailor the language to the times.
Powers is a new, dynamic and exciting strategy game.
Powers is also a masterful researcher.
Powers is also frozen.
Powers is an interesting guy.
Powers is back and funnier the second time around.
Powers is cautious about the use of methanol allied to a reformer as a hydrogen source.
Powers is from Iowa.
Powers is impressionist, expressionist, realist, accomplished master artist, and student.
Powers is married with three sons, a daughter and a granddaughter.
Powers is no stranger to regional settings.
Powers is put on trial in the Soviet Union and is sentenced to ten years in a Soviet prison.
Powers is responsible for fulfillment of marketing materials for the account managers.
Powers is the always drunk sheriff.
Powers is the first to receive the scholarship.
Powers is the start of many hiking trails to waterfalls and vistas.
Powers lapse on death.
Powers likes the idea of a film that highlights the work of American Indian women.
Powers notes the federal government has eliminated some programs aimed at insuring affordability.
Powers now has two goals and two assists for the season.
Powers now knows for sure.
Powers now ranks among the most successful auteurs in the business.
Powers oversees the construction, but has a background in the mutual fund industry.
Powers pauses thoughtfully.
Powers points out one particular grower.
Powers prefers trolling natural baits.
Powers proposes an election.
Powers Raise whole numbers, decimals, and fractions to a given power.
Powers range from elemental magic to illusions to mind control.
Powers relating to national unity are with the centre.
Powers remembers it as a street in transition.
Powers rubs language against the grain, constantly agitating it.
Powers says adolescent depression predicts adult depression.
Powers says the really big stories often lead both shows.
Powers says tradition is part of the students involvement.
Powers says two key factors in soil productivity are porosity and organic matter.
Powers seek to control the world through government.
Powers studies the evolutionary strategies that organisms use to adapt to their environments.
Powers tackles the office romance from every conceivable angle.
Powers takes place in a large unnamed metropolitan city.
Powers thus make a great part of our complex ideas of particular substances.
Powers ties a photograph of three farmers to the core of the novel.
Powers visits each class once a week.
Powers warns that official secrecy has fostered widespread paranoia and conspiracy mongering.
Power always draws the strongest support.
Power always tends to corrupt and unchecked by truth inevitably corrupts.
Power often goes out during and after ashfall.
Power often rests on opacity.
Power sometimes breeds contempt and arrogance.
Power usually is still on the trains.
Power usually means money.
All power brakes, steering, and windows.
All power can go to either end in extremes.
All power comes from having a fixed point in the swing to rotate around.
All power comes from the ability to occupy a point.
All power comes from the legs.
All power comes from the mainland because the island has no primary power station.
All power comes from the power to choose.
All power comes from trust.
All power comes from within.
All power comes off of a single circuit.
All power conferred by the target agenda is halved.
All power drawn by the load passes via the inverter.
All power goes out.
All power is concentrated in the capital, Jakarta.
All power is conditioned to eliminate any form of power surge or irregularities in frequency.
All power is derived from the data line while it is idle.
All power is derived from the signals applied to the ports.
All power is given to the people.
All power is inherent in the people.
All power is intended to be used on-site.
All power is knocked out.
All power is now to be distributed within the island of Borneo.
All power is of one kind, a sharing of the nature of the world.
All power is relational.
All power is trust.
All power is up.
All power is vested in, and consequently derived from, the people.
All power is with the person who draws the line.
All power lies in the mind of the self-elected victim.
All power lies with the Earth, be it a garden or a volcano.
All power resides in an autonomous, self-perpetuating board.
All power tends into a government in itself.
All powers affect immediately and depend only on attacker power score and victim saving throw.
All powers are one difficulty higher.
All powers build up, and tear down.
All powers require touch to work.
All powers subtle and intangible remain silent.
Any power when left unchecked loses accountability.
Every power affects immediately.
Every power has a resident mouse which makes a nest in the leaves.
Every power is based on the competence established in the Constitution.
Every power is bound to laws, right, and equity.
Many powers lie latent in man.
More power usually means a faster motor and more gearing for better working torque.
More power usually produces more waste heat.
More power allows for intense interval and strength building workouts.
More power also means more towing and hauling capability.
More power comes aft.
More power comes easiest with more cubic capacity.
More power equals more speed.
More power equals more work being done.
More power generally provides a clearer sound as well as an increase in loudness.
More power helps to penetrate any obstructions.
More power implies having adequate funds, defining social situations and setting the agenda.
More power is always a welcome addition.
More power is always welcome, even among conservative drivers.
More power is better .
More power is delivered to the generator and thus to the traction motors.
More power is desirable for excessive studies of complicated matter conversion scenarios.
More power is developed due to a cleaner, hotter burn on each compression stroke.
More power is needed to run up a flight of stairs than to walk up.
More power is produced as the compression ratio increases.
More power is produced by using larger or additional solar panels and batteries.
More power is put into the house than used in electricity.
More power is seen when the system is both strong in force and fast in velocity.
More power is the key.
More power just means that it can be done in less time.
More power means easier cutting and less binding of the chain.
More power means far more capability.
More power means faster-moving ions and higher thrust.
More power means heavier objects can be suspended in air.
More power means increased efficiencies.
More power means more speed.
More power means shorter cooking times.
More power needs to be placed in the hands of individual users.
More power req'd on trips with trunk full.
More power sells.
More power simply makes every unit sound better.
More power translates into faster warm-ups and less wasted time .
Most power comes from electricity.
Most power comes from reaction.
Most power derives from coal.
Most power derives from the organization's management authority.
Most power equals energy.
Most power equals voltage.
Most power flows through wire.
Most power generates components.
Most power generates energy.
Most power has applications.
Most power has effects.
Most power has environmental impact.
Most power has impact.
Most power has limits.
Most power has methods.
Most power has performance.
Most power has side effects.
Most power has strange effects.
Most power has strange side effects.
Most power illustrates tendencies.
Most power increases mechanical energy.
Most power is consumed by devices.
Most power is generated by energy.
Most power is generated by fission.
Most power is generated by forces.
Most power is generated by fuel.
Most power is generated by motors.
Most power is illusionary and perceptual.
Most power is in the New England town.
Most power is used by appliances.
Most power is used by devices.
Most power produces results.
Most power provides electricity.
Most power provides low voltage.
Most power provides voltage.
Most power requires conditions.
Most power requires weather conditions.
Most power uses energy.
Some power becomes development.
Some power becomes fine motor skills.
Some power becomes motor skills.
Some power becomes skills.
Some power carries conductors.
