Hair falls out spontaneously, during combing, or breaks at the bulb.
Hair falls out.
Hair falls, wrinkles frown, inverted triangular body shapes become pear like sigh.
Hair feels and looks softer, vibrant and healthier.
Hair feels fuller, thicker and healthier.
Hair feels silkier, softer, and healthier.
Hair fixing for hairdressing is made.
Hair follicles Tiny organs in the skin, each one of which grows a single hair.
Hair generally grows back in the affected areas.
Hair gets a delicate structure.
Hair gets bushier.
Hair gets into everything, and it has suffused the Web.
Hair gets oily, and showering is completely out for a while.
Hair gives a history of chronic drug use rather than documenting recent usage.
Hair glows softly, touched by the slender fingers of light fading through guarded shades.
Hair go bloop- gone.
Hair Goes is a unique new product that inhibits regrowth after hair removal.
Hair goes through a life cycle which includes growth, transition, and a resting phase.
Hair goes through cycles.
Hair goes through other phases as well.
Hair greatly expands the time window for the detection of an illicit drug.
Hair growing cycles vary in different cultures and parts of the world.
Hair grows about half an inch a month and some one-hundred new hairs are added daily.
Hair grows about six inches per year.
Hair grows and dies.
Hair grows at a faster rate in the spring and summer than in autumn and winter.
Hair grows at different rates.
Hair grows at different speeds and different lengths.
Hair grows at the rate of about a half-inch per month.
Hair grows at the rate of one hundredth of an inch each day.
Hair grows back and can be dyed back to it's original, more natural-looking color.
Hair grows back but friendships only grow once.
Hair grows back like soft threads.
Hair grows back thinner and finer.
Hair grows back, so just go ahead.
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal .
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal.
Hair grows by forming new cells at the base of the root.
Hair grows faster in summer than in winter.
Hair grows faster on the crown than on the sides of the head.
Hair grows fastest when it is short.
Hair grows for about three months averaging one.
Hair grows from a follicle.
Hair grows from a hair bulb under the skin.
Hair grows from follicles that contain the lower shaft and root of the hair.
Hair grows from follicles which are very small pouches located in the skin.
Hair grows from hair follicles within the skin.
Hair grows from hair follicles, which are in the scalp and contain the root of the hair.
Hair grows from indentations in the outer skin layer called hair follicles.
Hair grows from the dermal papillae, which lie in the base of the hair follicle.
Hair grows from the follicle imbedded in the dermis.
Hair grows from the follicle, or root, underneath the skin.
Hair grows from the head, the seat of thought.
Hair grows in a cyclical nature.
Hair grows in a narrow line forming a beard at the back of the lower jaw.
Hair grows in cycles.
Hair grows in phases.
Hair grows in response to hormones and individual biochemistry.
Hair grows in three cycles.
Hair grows in white and can be visible from a distance.
Hair grows like a blade of grass with a very fine tip on it.
Hair grows on human skin in various textures, colors, and density.
Hair grows on the head and body.
Hair grows out of a follicle, or a tiny pit in the skin.
Hair grows quickly and therefore is very sensitive to the effects of radiation.
Hair grows so thin and brittle that it breaks off easily.
Hair grows through three distinct growth phases.
Hair grows up through follicles from papillae in the lower epidermis.
Hair grows very slowly, about half an inch a month.
Hair grows, and is contained in, narrow tube-like structures with bulbous bottoms called follicles.
Hair grows, but at too slow a rate to change the hairstyle over night.
Hair has (part) corpi.
Hair has (part) sections.
Hair has (part) widow's peaks.
Hair has a limited life span.
Hair has a tendency to float up, and it is hard to be certain that each strand of hair was covered.
Hair has a very practical purpose.
Hair has an enemy lurking in schools.
Hair has great social significance for human beings .
Hair has great social significance for human beings, and acts as an important indicator.
Hair has more lasting support and substance.
Hair has more luster.
Hair has more volume, is shinier and in better condition.
Hair has other symbolic meanings as well.
Hair has powerful mojo.
Hair has red highlights.
Hair has reddish highlights.
Hair has roots.
Hair has several different parts that start at the root and go to the shaft.
Hair has three distinct roles.
Hair has three main parts.
Hair has to be worn down.
Hair having poor porosity takes longer to absorb solutions.
Hair helps control body temperature and is made of keratin protein.
Hair helps to keep the body warm.
Hair here falls out faster than rain.
Hair impedes air flow into the canal that tends to keep the canal dry.
Hair insulates the body against heat loss.
Hair interferes with the sweating process, which works more efficiently through naked skin.
Hair Invest in a good haircut by a technical cutting expert.
Hair is a barometer of overall physical health.
Hair is a bit frizzy, otherwise in great shape.
Hair is a complex structure that is epidermal in origin.
Hair is a considered a fashion item just like clothes.
Hair is a cover
Hair is a curious symbol in dreams.
Hair is a defining characteristic of mammals.
Hair is a derived feature that separates mammals from other tetrapods.
Hair is a form of scales and indicates a shared ancestry with reptiles.
Hair is a genetic thing, many guys have very little and some have a whole bunch.
Hair is a good accessory.
Hair is a good way to disperse pheromones into the air.
Hair is a large component of beauty.
Hair is a liability.
Hair is a little out of regulation but no barbers at the South Pole.
Hair is a little thin in one spot.
Hair is a natural fact, but hairstyles are social facts.
Hair is a natural insulator whether the it is warm or cool.
Hair is a natural thing.
Hair is a new Human hair wig.
Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis , or skin.
Hair is a protein.
Hair is a purchased, bru wig.
Hair is a season extra and is currently on sale only to subscribers.
Hair is a transparent braid woven from a composition.
Hair is a very durable series of protein chains.
Hair is a very important component of our bodies.
Hair is absent on calves and feet.
Hair is accomplished by means of a wig, or by applying clay to represent hair.
Hair is acquired by shearing small pieces of yarn or wool and applying to glued surface of head.
Hair is added with yarn.
Hair is all one length with no bangs.
Hair is also a sensory structure, as the whiskers of cats and dogs are sensitive to touch.
Hair is also a symbol of physicality.
Hair is also subject to shampoos, rinses, dyes, and other products that can contain mercury.
Hair is also well preserved in tar pits and ice, as well as fossil impressions.
Hair is an additional protection for the head as a sponge and it also adds beauty to the individual.
Hair is an epidermal appendage that lies within the dermis.
Hair is an essential part of a person's appearance.
Hair is an excellent noncon- ferences in different races.
Hair is an important part of our appearance and plays a significant role in human culture.
Hair is an insulator against heat loss.
Hair is another area that is as varied as the weather.
Hair is another feature separating mammals from other animals.
Hair is another important sculptural medium in Africa.
Hair is as personal and as political as many things in life.
Hair is basically superficial to the essential verities in life.
Hair is big.
Hair is biopsy material and harsh washing chemicals damage it.
Hair is black to brown, and there is no underfur present.
Hair is black with a streak of either white, red or blue in it.
Hair is blonde when eumelanin is only present in small amounts.
Hair is blow-dried with edges slightly curled for volume and lift.
Hair is body parts.
Hair is braided and comes in brown or blonde.
Hair is braided and comes in choice of blonde or brown.
Hair is braided softly in the back.
Hair is brown, but is bleached blond with reddish highlights.
Hair is brown, pulled back in pony tail.
Hair is brushed back with a greasy appearance.
Hair is built by the hair follicle from dead proteins produced by skin cells called keratin.
Hair is buttons and rags and they have embroidered eyes, nose and mouth.
Hair is capable of composteds.
Hair is chopped and cropped, twined with duct tape or dyed various colors.
Hair is clean and free of dandruff.
Hair is coarse, rough and oily.
Hair is coloureds.
Hair is composed mainly of a hard chemical substance called keratin.
Hair is composed of keratin, the same protein that makes up nails and the outer layer of our skin.
Hair is composed of the protein keratin.
Hair is confined in back but somewhat loosely.
Hair is consecrated and offered to respective family deities and temples.
Hair is curly and voluminous, almost frizzy.
Hair is curly because the single hair varies in thickness.
Hair is cut medium-short on top, tapered at the back, and it is cut only with scissors.
Hair is cut short and shaggy for the hot summer.
Hair is dark brown with a definite curl to it - an unruly curl, at times.
Hair is dark, high above the forehead, and worn in a very long ponytail.
Hair is dead tissue.
Hair is dead.
Hair is definitely strawberry blonde-unlike any other dolls.
Hair is densest on juveniles and becomes less dense with age.
Hair is developed using yellow ochre, burnt sienna, ivory black, and bright yellow.
Hair is disarranged.
Hair is distributed on nearly all parts of the body.
Hair is distributed sparsely over the body.
Hair is disturbed, clothing flaps.
Hair is dyed dark red with white roots.
Hair is easy to do with hair loom.
Hair is easy to style and humidity-resistant.
Hair is either smooth, or very curly, with sophisticated upswept styles still the most popular.
Hair is energized, thickened and sealed with silk proteins and nutrients that troubled hair needs.
Hair is enriched with vigorously active nutrients for noticeably healthier hair.
Hair is especially important in making a silhouette look like the poser.
Hair is expanded, moveable, comfortable.
Hair is extremely curly when wet.
Hair is far more complex than it appears on the surface.
Hair is filament.
Hair is flammable.
Hair is formed by epithelial cells of a papilla at the base of the follicle.
Hair is formed in very small tiny pockets in the skin, called follicles .
Hair is found in the food.
Hair is found in the skin.
Hair is full and thick, but just slightly receding.
Hair is fun.
Hair is glossy, fine and silky in texture.
Hair is glued lambswool.
Hair is hair and requires daily washing, just like every other part of the body.
Hair is hair have fun with it.
Hair is hair.
Hair is high in nitrogen and a good insulator for the fibrous surface roots.
Hair is important for our looks.
Hair is important in Hanging Up.
Hair is important on a cold day.
Hair is important.
Hair is in an army cap with curls hanging shoulder length.
Hair is in braid, great bangs.
Hair is in braids and comes only in brown.
Hair is in perfect set.
Hair is in place.
Hair is inserted strand by strand into the scalp and each tooth is individually inserted.
Hair is involved, in many ways.
Hair is is found in the comb, on fingers during hair wash, on shoulders, on pillows etc.
Hair is just as important as costumes.
Hair is kept in good condition by the secretions of the sebaceous glands.
Hair is kinky and wiry.
Hair is knitted separately in fur stitch.
Hair is left clean, shiny and soft to the touch.
Hair is left feeling and looking healthy, smooth, full of shine and in excellent condition.
Hair is left looking resilient and full.
Hair is left soft and full of bounce.
Hair is left static-free and easy to comb.
Hair is left with a renewed richness and high gloss sheen.
Hair is lightweights.
Hair is located in arms.
Hair is located in beds.
Hair is located in brushs.
Hair is located in combs.
Hair is located in drains.
Hair is located in ears.
Hair is located in fingers.
Hair is located in food.
Hair is located in heads.
Hair is located in mammals.
Hair is located in rugs.
Hair is located in scalps.
Hair is located in sinks.
Hair is located in skin.
Hair is located in soup.
Hair is located in wigs.
Hair is located on the ears and at the end of the tail.
Hair is long and thick and grizzlies commonly have conspicuous silver-tipped guard hairs.
Hair is long hair goat.
Hair is longer on the chest, ruff, shoulders, back of legs, and tail.
Hair is longest on the tail.
Hair is loose, but still glows in the dark.
Hair is lost all over - scalp, groin, even lateral eyebrows.
Hair is lost due to damage to hair-root cells.
Hair is lost first from the front and top of the scalp.
Hair is lost in a well-defined pattern, beginning above both temples.
Hair is lubricated by oil from sebaceous glands in the follicle.
Hair is lubricated by sebaceous glands that are located in the hair follicle.
Hair is made alive with body.
Hair is made from a feather boa.
Hair is made of cotton warp in various colors and styles and can be washed.
Hair is made of keratin, a protein that is a product of epithelial cells.
Hair is made of keratin, the same substance that forms nails and the barrier at the top of the skin.
Hair is made of keratin.
Hair is made of keratin.
Hair is made of protein and adequate protein is necessary for luxuriant hair.
Hair is made of protein.
Hair is made of proteins that are later keratinized.
Hair is made up of a protein called keratin.
Hair is made up of dead cells filled with proteins, most of which are known as keratins.
Hair is made up of keratin, a form of protein that is mainly in our skin and even fingernails.
Hair is made up of proteins called keratins.
Hair is manageable and shinier.
Hair is merely the metaphor.
Hair is mint, one small rub on chin.
Hair is mohair from local and regional suppliers.
Hair is mohair.
Hair is more abundant at the ruff, back of the legs and on the underside of the tail.
Hair is more difficult as it is prone to break and crack off.
Hair is more like a glorious decoration given to woman.
Hair is more likely to be worn in curls for evening styles.
Hair is more luminous and shiny with noticeable life and bounce.
Hair is mostly dead tissue.
Hair is mostly protein .
Hair is much like feathers.
Hair is much more elastic than is usually realized.
Hair is much more silky and manageable.
Hair is much too big a matter to set aside.
Hair is natural.
Hair is naturals.
Hair is nature's greatest beauty enhancer.
Hair is nothing more than a non-living tissue which is made up of fibrous protein called keratin.
Hair is now slick, smooth, and shiny.
Hair is of medium texture, straight to wavy, weather resistant and of medium length.
Hair is of minimal functional benefit to humans.
Hair is often also an issue to consider.
Hair is oilier near the roots and gets drier towards the ends.
Hair is omitted in smaller sizes.
Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals .
Hair is our most versatile feature and kids everywhere have created their own unique styles.
Hair is out.
Hair is part of heads.
Hair is part of humans.
Hair is part of mammals.
Hair is perfumed with a blend of walnut or sesame oil and ambergris or jasmine.
Hair is present on all parts of the body except the palms, soles and the red portion of the lips.
Hair is present on the lower surface and between plates.
Hair is pretty decent.
Hair is primarily decorative in humans.
Hair is probably one of the most easily affected.
Hair is processes.
Hair is produced by cells at the base of structures called hair follicles.
Hair is produced by living cells in the hair follicles at the base of each hair.
Hair is protein.
Hair is pulled down.
Hair is ratted.
Hair is real, human, long and blond.
Hair is really an extension of the skin.
Hair is relatively inert, easy to handle, and requires no special storage facilities or conditions.
Hair is removed from the skin surface by shaving the day before treatment.
Hair is removed to make paint brushes.
Hair is retained in clip, remove basal underfur.
Hair is revitalized and healthy looking.
Hair is ripped from the scalps of people who get to the butter before they do.
Hair is rooted.
Hair is second.
Hair is shiny, straight, curly, long, short, and comes in colors.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, ears, front of forelegs and below the hockjoints.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, ears, front of forelegs and below the hocks.
Hair is short and smooth on the head, outside of ears, front of forelegs and below the hocks.
Hair is short and thin.
Hair is short in length, glossy and fine, lying close to the body.
Hair is short on the head and front of the legs.
Hair is short, slightly curled, tied, and looks like a cap.
Hair is short.
Hair is shoulder leghth.
Hair is similar to the outer layer of the skin and has no blood supply.
Hair is slightly faded pink, but very curly.
Hair is smooth and sleek.
Hair is smooths.
Hair is so funny.
Hair is soft, clean, and easier to manage.
Hair is soft, shiny and controlled even under high humidity.
Hair is softer, healthier, more manageable.
Hair is solid objects.
Hair is somewhat blond and eyes are rather brown.
Hair is sparse on the upper chest, especially on older males.
Hair is sparse.
Hair is still full and curly.
Hair is strands.
Hair is strong as a wire of iron.
Hair is styled with a blower, molding mud, and spraynet for a smooth surface and better control.
Hair is such a central issue for most women.
Hair is surprisingly flammable.
Hair is synthetic tied together with fancy gold wire.
Hair is textured with wax and hairgloss.
Hair is the fastest growing tissue in the body, second only to bone marrow.
Hair is the first thing.
Hair is the longest on the tail.
Hair is the only human substance that retains long term drug retention data.
Hair is the perfect way for women of color to express their creativity, mood and lifestyle.
Hair is the same way.
Hair is the single strand of DNA linking the movie and the TV show.
Hair IS the sixties.
Hair is then selected, the doll is assembled and the women make or buy clothes.
Hair is thick and often curly.
Hair is thicker and has great volume.
Hair is thicker, manageable, and tangle-free.
Hair is thin, sparse, brittle, easily pulled out, and turns a dull brown or reddish color.
Hair is thins.
Hair is thought to contain the mana or power and so the cutting of hair is a risky business.
Hair is tied in traditional top knot.
Hair is to be made into industrial felt or spun into yarn.
Hair is to be neat and well groomed.
Hair is to be neatly styled and off the collar.
Hair is to be pulled off the face and pinned securely into a bun, French twist, or French braids.
Hair is to be worn off the face and long hair is to be tied back.
Hair is too silky when it's clean and much harder to style.
Hair is tossed and eyelashes are batted.
Hair is tough stuff and can withstand harsh detergents.
Hair is tough to get out.
Hair is trimmed.
Hair is twisted up and pinned.
Hair is two-layered, made of parallel cylinders.
Hair is uncut but needs to be restored.
Hair is used for artist's brushes, insulation, upholstery.
Hair is used for braiding.
Hair is used for brushing.
Hair is used for combing.
Hair is used for cuttings.
Hair is used for decoration.
Hair is used for fur.
Hair is used for shampooings.
Hair is used for warmth.
Hair is used for washings.
Hair is used for wigs.
Hair is used in plaster as a binding medium, and gives tenacity to the material.
Hair is used to insulate and keep the body warm in a large variety of climates.
Hair is usually blonde or gold.
Hair is very important psychologically.
Hair is very important.
Hair is weakest when it is wet and brushing can easily damage it.
Hair is what makes or breaks a person's facial features.
Hair is wiry, tightly curled or absent while wrinkled skin gives the appearance of advanced aging.
Hair is worn in pigtails or shorn and dyed.
Hair is worn long, either braided or flowing.
Hair is woven into the skull cap to give a natural appearance.
Hair is, in fact, one of the most vulnerable parts of the body.
Hair is, one minute, beautiful, soft and luscious, and the next minute, gross, disgusting and limp.
Hair isa covering.
Hair keeps growing, so do fingernails, toenails and various other odd spots, bumps and blemishes.
Hair lives and grows only at the follicle, where the hair is fed by the blood stream.
Hair looks and feels clean, healthy and conditioned.
Hair looks and feels fuller and thicker.
Hair looks and feels thicker, more luxurious.
Hair looks completely natural.
Hair looks dull and feels rough, cuticle appears turned upward and damaged.
Hair looks excellent and appears to have more body.
Hair looks fuller and thicker because no cosmetic residues are left to weigh down hair.
Hair looks great though, great.
Hair looks natural, never greasy.
Hair looks thicker, fuller and alive with incredible light.
Hair looks very good.
Hair made of jute is glued and then the idol is dressed and then ornamented.
Hair maintains a permanent and unalterable record of all drugs an individual ingests.
Hair meets paint slabbed on like cold marge.
Hair missing, dull eyes and listlessness can be signs that one or more problems exist.
Hair naturally lightens in the summer sun and darkens in the winter.
Hair needs improvement.
Hair needs silica to grow and as a protection for the skin and cell walls.
Hair needs styled.
Hair needs to be appropriate for the sex of the child.
Hair needs to be clean and neat.
Hair needs to be clean, dry and placed in a plastic bag.
Hair needs to be neat and business-like.
Hair needs to be treated more gently during the summer.
Hair normally falls out before healing starts.
Hair normally grows back without medication.
Hair normally has a tapered tip.
Hair normally receives natural oil from the scalp and neck.
Hair offers up to six recommendations each for dry, permed, color-treated, fine and normal hair.
Hair picks up dry grass and browning leaves.
Hair plays an imporant part in forming a person's image .
Hair pops naturally.
Hair poses particular challenges.
Hair pour beside several bell because presented relocation companies.
Hair protects the surface of the skin and conserves body heat.
Hair provides input when objects brush against it or it sways in moving air.
Hair provides insulation .
Hair pulling can occur in both children and adults.
Hair pulling is called trichotilomania, and can be treated with a number of medications.
Hair pulling is sometimes due to scalp irritation caused by eczema, ringworm, or lice.
Hair pulling that leads to noticeable hair loss is called trichotillomania.
Hair push beyond one philosophy because recognize steelers apparel.
Hair ranges from white to black, with shades of beige, brown, red and roan in between.
Hair regrows slower, is finer and softer, and eventually stops growing at all.
Hair Relive the musical that defined a decade.
Hair remains shiny, manageable and luxuriously clean.
Hair represents sensuality.
Hair represents vitality.
Hair responds with smooth, healthy-looking body while the scalp feels fresh and revitalized.
Hair responds with youthful vitality.
Hair restricts blood flow to the brain.
Hair retains better condition, color shines andlasts longer, regrowth is less noticeable.
Hair returns to normal after the course of interferon is discontinued.
Hair says the process begins in the morning meeting, during story selection.
Hair scales that are open and roughened lose a lot of keratin, due to the reasons described above.
Hair seems erect.
Hair seems on end.
Hair seems strange for college pranks and age of person on right in rear seem little older.
Hair seems to be an important indicator of one's sexuality and state.
Hair shedding often stops within one month.
Hair shedding usually occurs in the transition phase, but can also occur in the resting phase.
Hair spins , best described as paper clips for the hair, are new too.
Hair spray some family members use to keep their hair in place.
Hair spreads oil and bacteria.
Hair stand on End.
Hair standing on end also makes an animal look larger and more dangerous.
Hair standing on end indicates a cold calf.
Hair standing up on a cold winter day is another example of static electricity.
Hair stands up because it acquires charges of like sign which tend to repel one another.
Hair starts to appear on the head.
Hair starts to recede when fewer number of new hair is in the re-growth stage.
Hair starts to turn gray.
Hair stays resistant to any kind of decay.
Hair stick to hold hair up in bun.
Hair still clogs every drain, and soap still drips down the wall.
Hair still glows in the dark.
Hair still silky, shiny and full.
Hair stops in resting phase.
Hair stops turning gray, that is.
Hair straightening products are closely related to waving products.
Hair suggest Spain from one cellar behind lots clothes.
Hair sweeps downward toward face.
Hair takes brunt of boredom.
Hair takes on different properties depending on humidity and chemicals it has been exposed to.
Hair takes the longest to digest.
Hair tends to be dry and lifeless.
Hair tends to run in bundles, in varying directions.
Hair then becomes lifeless and falls out more easily.
Hair thinning on top, eyeglasses just a tad down the nose, tie more or less knotted.
Hair thinning or slight hair loss is bad enough but total baldness can be completely heartbreaking.
Hair tops the list of body obsessions.
Hair transplants Halfway house - adjustment to mental hospital.
Hair tries to grow as normal but due to hair follicle hardening, it can only grow a few millimeters.
Hair turns gray when the body stops producing the pigment.
Hair turns gray.
Hair turns grey with age.
Hair turns to ash.
Hair twirling is known to result in bald spots.
Hair up is the most formal and elegant way to go.
Hair varies greatly in strength, length, texture and usability.
Hair vitamins supplements for faster growing healthier hair for all hair types.
Hair wear for any activity.
Hairs also differ in cross-sectional shape.
Hairs also play a role in temperature regulation.
Hairs -Anime hairs come in many styles, shades and colors.
Hairs are arranged in definite patterns Glands.
Hairs are biological specimens and subject to variation.
Hairs are common,both gladular and non-glandular.
Hairs are epidermal in origin.
Hairs are even sparser on the flanks, belly and groin.
Hairs are long, flimsy and whispy.
Hairs are long, flimsy and wispy.
Hairs are more common beneath the leaves.
Hairs are soft ad short.
Hairs are the most common outgrowths of the epidermal cells.
Hairs are the smokebush's most distinctive feature, creating a smoke-like effect.
Hairs are, of course, a factor now in systematic work.
Hairs become thin and break off as they exit the scalp.
Hairs can provide investigators with valuable information for potential leads.
Hairs cover both surfaces of the leaves and are most dense along the veins.
Hairs cover the white-silvery stems and leaves.
Hairs fall out after several years and are replaced by new ones.
Hairs form indistinct crest over midline, which is often lighter in color.
Hairs grow from a structure that looks like a long thin vase.
Hairs grow from hair follicles, which are miniature organs in the skin.
Hairs grow out of pits in the skin called follicles .
Hairs grow out of pits in the skin called follicles.
Hairs have a life cycle from start through growth to falling out.
Hairs help disperse pheromones that are detected by the vomeronasal organ in the human nose.
Hairs keep the sand and dust away from their ears.
Hairs line the edges of the wings.
Hairs normally grow straight out of a tube in the center of a hair follicle.
Hairs normally lie nearly parallel to the skin or at an acute angle to it.
Hairs occur at the base of the leaf blade.
Hairs occur on both surfaces.
Hairs occur on the margins and only occasionally on the leaf surfaces.
Hairs occur on the upper leaf surfaces and along the veins of the lower surface.
Hairs peltate, glandular.
Hairs pointing inward and downward prevent the escape of the prey.
Hairs present on the legs are also useful in climbing upright or slippery surfaces.
Hairs protect ears from blowing sand.
Hairs represent hard keratin .
Hairs stand on end, the heart races and fight or flight hormones flood the body.
Hairs start life as a hair bulb, produced in small sac in the skin called a follicle.
Hairs vary in diameter.
Hair always grows again, about three months after the chemotherapy courses have finished.
Hair always has 'highlights' even if the hair is black.
Hair always looks windblown.
Hair often begins to grow back during chemotherapy treatment.
Hair often fluffs out a bit from the head.
Hair often grows faster, thicker and darker in color along with an overall improved quality.
Hair often shows it age by going gray or white.
Hair sometimes projects from under the side plates.
Hair usually begins growing back within one month after the treatment ends.
Hair usually begins to gray at the temples first.
Hair usually begins to grow about six weeks after completion of treatment.
Hair usually breaks off rather than sheds.
Hair usually contains pigmentation making the hair appear black, or brown or red, or blonde.
Hair usually grows back following the end of treatment.
Hair usually grows back when treatments are over or even before.
Hair usually grows back within a day or several days after shaving.
Hair usually grows back, and medicine is available to help relieve nausea and vomiting.
All hair dries out sometimes and loses that edge.
All hair has a growth phase, termed anagen, and a resting phase, telogen.
All hair is donated, and about half of it comes from other children.
All hair is made of keratin protein and requires moisture to stay healthy.
All hair is real.
All hair is to be under the hat.
All hairs are gray at the base.
All hairs grow at roughly the same rate.
All hairs have a life expectancy of three to six years.
Any hair falling out of the head is an indicator of hereditary hair loss.
Every hair is an individual stroke to keep it from looking like a pattern.
Every hair is at a different stage of the growth cycle.
Every hair is in place, shoes and socks are immaculate.
Every hair is treated individually.
Many hair dressing and grooming products are clear emulsions.
Many hairs become loose and are easily removed with a forceps.
More hair is better.
Most hair comes back when the disease goes away or is adequately treated.
Most hair is shed periodically in a process called molt .
Most hairs have a grey base.
Most hairs point downward when the animal is hanging beneath a branch.
Much hair eventually is gone permanently.
Some hair bows, some hats.
Some hair can take several weeks to come in, other hair can take a month or more.
Some hair is cottony and is extremely difficult to keep tangle-free.
Some hair is curly.
Some hair is dark, Some hair is light, Some hair is curly, Some hair is white.
Some hair is darker, more of a dishwater color, instead of light blond super fine.
Some hair is plaited, some is in ponytails.
Some hair is styled.
Some hair is there for a very good health reason.
Some hair reacts more strongly than others.
Some hairs are still present on fertile fronds at maturity.
Some hairs contain temperature or smell receptors.
Some hairs have occasional large pigment clumps.
Some hairs remain attached to the scalp although they died possibly months ago.
A hairball is a tangle
Hairballs are a common cause of death in rabbits.
Hairballs are a problem, too.
Hairballs are also more common in long-haired rabbits.
Hairballs are tangles.
Hairballs are the most common causes of occasional gagging or vomiting in an apparently healthy cat.
Hairballs can also cause blockages, that if left untreated, can be fatal.
Hairballs can be a serious problem, and are most common in longhaired cats.
Hairballs can cause serious digestive problems in an older cat.
Hairballs gather matter as they sail through space, and productivity falls as the company expands.
Hairballs happen when cats regurgitate an indigestible collection of hair and food debris.
Hairballs seem to be a fact of life for most cat owners.
Hairbrush isa implement.
Hairbrushs have (part) bristles.
Hairbrushs have (part) handles.
Hairbrushs have (part) sections.
A haircloth is cloth
Haircloth catches on to the hair and hair nets.
A haircut is hair
Haircut isa hair.
Haircuts are a good example.
Haircuts are a luxury.
Haircuts are cuts.
Haircuts are fun to give because it's like being creative, but to the customer's satisfaction.
Haircuts are grooming.
Haircuts are sometimes an afterthought.
Haircuts are such a royal pain.
Haircuts happen when tunnel vision sets in.
Haircuts have (part) corpi.
Haircuts have (part) sections.
Haircuts have (part) widow's peaks.
A hairdresser is an artisan
Hairdresser do Sin onto saw into whatever golf swing plane too upright once argue off no adventure.
Hairdresser is a very large program for girls.
Hairdresser isa worker.
Hairdresser rises Opportunity up none mount toward all frame.
Hairdresser say around an mice neither influence dolphins football.
Hairdresser say around an mice neither influence los angeles clippers collectibles.
Hairdresser say around an mice neither influence michigan wolverines jacket.
Hairdresser think into an cake still sawed discount international airfare.
Hairdresser think into an cake still sawed paintball.
Hairdressers are also available daily for both our male and female residents.
Hairdressers are craftsmans.
Hairdressers are licensed, so are real estate agents, electricians, and plumbers.
Hairdressers are located in malls.
Hairdressers are located in salons.
Hairdressers comment on the rock tunes spewing out of the stereo while teasing and trimming hair.
Hairdressers give the best blow jobs.
Hairdressers have (part) arms.
Hairdressers have (part) body substances.
Hairdressers have (part) cell membranes.
Hairdressers have (part) cells.
Hairdressers have (part) corpi.
Hairdressers have (part) cytoplasm.
Hairdressers have (part) heads.
Hairdressers have (part) human bodies.
Hairdressers have (part) legs.
Hairdressers have (part) material bodies.
Hairdressers have (part) necks.
Hairdressers have (part) nuclei.
Hairdressers have (part) personality.
Hairdressers have (part) plasma membranes.
Hairdressers have (part) sections.
Hairdressers have (part) vacuoles.
Hairdressers know everything that's going on.
Hairdressers know how to listen with empathy, without judging, without taking a position.
Hairdressers provide hair styling and beauty services.
Hairdressers receive products.
Hairdressers tease it 'till it stands up, do it with style, then blow it dry.
Hairdressers use chemical products.
Hairdressers use dye.
Hairdressers use hair dye.
Hairdressers use permanent dye.
Hairdressers use permanent hair dye.
Hairdressers use products.
Hairdressers often wash and color hair.
All hairdressers are in the employment of the government.
Most hairdressers nowadays are sympathetic about hair loss.
Most hairdressers receive products.
Most hairdressers use chemical products.
Most hairdressers use dye.
Most hairdressers use hair dye.
Most hairdressers use permanent dye.
Most hairdressers use permanent hair dye.
Most hairdressers use products.
Some hairdressers come from the village to cut the children's hair once each month.
Some hairdressers consider the term derogatory.
Hairless apes are so malleable.
Hairless dogs can have skin problems such as acne, and their thin skin is easily wounded.
Hairless dogs have teeth.
Most hairless dogs have teeth.
Some hairless faces have muzzles.
Hairless hands are recessive and homozygous.
Hairless rats are a coat type defined by having little to no hair.
Hairless rats are a coat variety characterized by varying levels of hair loss.
Hairlike cilia are present at some stage in their life.
Hairlike structures are flagella of new rat sperm.
Some hairlike structures cover cell surfaces.
Some hairlike structures cover surfaces.
Hairline cracks are common in concrete.
A hairline fracture is a break
Hairline fractures appear everywhere.
A hairline is a line
Hairline crack down the bottom part of the front.
Hairline isa line.
Hairlines appear as one pixel wide on whatever device is used to display or print the line.
Hairlines are boundaries.
Hairlines are lines.
Hairlines are part of hair.
Hairlines now recognize background objects and trap accordingly.
Hairlines often look acceptable when proofed on a typical laser printer.
A hairnet is a network
Hairnet is in excellent condition.
Hairnets keep a rider looking tidy.
A hairpiece is a dress
Hairpieces are a hassle.
Hairpieces are an effective treatment for covering hair loss.
Hairpieces are attire.
Hairpieces are just like a natural head of hair.
Hairpieces are the mainstay of the fashion hair world.
Hairpieces are to be either solid metallic or a solid in the school colors.
Hairpieces make balding men look much better.
Hairpieces always come from the factory uncut and unstyled.
A hairpin bend is a bend
Every hairpin bend reveals another crystal clear stream or astonishing view.
Hairpin gutters require no energy inputs or large dilution volumes to operate properly.
A hairpin is a pin
Hairpins are located in bathrooms.
Hairpins are located in hair salons.
Hairpins are now tiltable by dragging the handles in a vertical direction.
Hairpins are open kinda in a horseshoe shape.
Hairpins are pins.
Hairpins can be very bothersome.
Hairpins now respond better to respacing.
All hairpins are thin and light and, when used properly, have no danger of falling out.
Hairspray fires are particularly dangerous to the user because the product is used around the head.
A hairstreak butterfly is a butterfly
Hairstreak butterflies have a false head on their hind wings.
Hairstreak butterflies have false antennae and spots on the rear of their wings.
A hairstreak is a butterfly
Hairstreaks live in both temperate and tropical regions.
Hairstreaks often have delicate hairlike extensions on their hind wings.
Hairstreaks usually have a pattern of lines or stripes on the underside wings.
A hairstyle is hair
Hairstyle is the same way.
Hairstyle speaks volumes about each and every character.
Hairstyles are a major part of American fashion and are always changing.
Hairstyles are style.
Hairstyles are used to make a statement, baldness is abhorred.
Hairstyles can often hide the thinning effectively.
Hairstyles change and grow, just like people.
Hairstyles get a lot of attention on males and females.
Hairstyles tend to be on the long side, either smoothed back or tussled and boyish.
Hairstyles vary greatly and require comment when useful to distinguish various issues.
All hairstyles are to be moderate, avoiding extreme fashions.
Some hairstyles take hours to do.
A hairstylist is an artisan
Hairstylists are on the front lines.
Hairstylists are workers.
Hairstylists keep their work area clean by sweeping up hair and soaking their combs.
Hairstylists talk to customers of about how they want their hair styled.
Hairy armadillos reach maturity.
Hairy armadillos reach sexual maturity.
Most hairy armadillos reach maturity.
Most hairy armadillos reach sexual maturity.
Some hairy armadillos kill snakes.
Some hairy caterpillars feed on seeds.
Hairy woodpeckers eat larvae.
Hairy woodpeckers have wings.
Hairy woodpeckers inhabit forest woodlands.
Hairy woodpeckers inhabit woodlands.
Hairy woodpeckers nest in trees.
Most hairy woodpeckers eat larvae.
Most hairy woodpeckers have wings.
Most hairy woodpeckers inhabit forest woodlands.
Most hairy woodpeckers inhabit woodlands.
Most hairy woodpeckers nest in trees.
Haisla people see the interconnectedness of everything.
Haiti has (part) Haitian capital.
Haiti isa thing.
Haitian artisans use all the materials at hand to create both practical and fanciful crafts.
Haitian artists use a range of techniques to obtain the results that characterize their work.
Haitian capital is part of Haiti.
Most Haitian capital is part of Haiti.
Haitian citizens lack confidence in their leaders and the process of democracy.
Haitian cooking is a unique blend of many cultural influences.
Haitian cuisine consists of cooking traditions and practices from Haiti .
Haitian culture reflects a profound reverence for one's ancestors.
Haitian families spend their leisure time within their own family and friendship groups.
Some Haitian families try to dream the very best for their children in terms of profession.
Haitian food is mostly of African origin , including the names of the food .
Haitian food is mostly of African origin, including the names of the food.
Haitian immigrants are employed in all types of fields.
Haitian interdictions can vary greatly depending upon the size of the vessel used in transportation.
Haitian law prohibits cultivation, production, distribution, sale, and possession of narcotics.
Haitian law provides penalties for infringement, fraud and unfair competition.
Haitian law requires a passport to enter the country.
Haitian law requires a passport to enter.
Haitian law requires travelers to have a passport to enter Haiti.
Many Haitian lawyers are fluent in English and many law firms are familiar with U.S. law.
Haitian music is an original blend of African drum rhythms and European dance music.
Haitian musicians have to be careful to avoid political reprisals and censorship.
Haitian names are meaningful.
Most Haitian rum is exported to France.
Haitian schools are thus a reflection of society.
Haitian sites link directory.
Many Haitian values are traditional and conservative.
Haitian voodoo is no more effective than Japanese secondary education in producing the living dead.
Haitian women come six days each week to wash the child's clothing and sheets.
Haitian Women Walk to market.
Haitian women work in the kitchen to provide healthy meals for the students.
Haitian workers are mainly in low-wage sectors, particularly health care and nursing homes.
Haitian workers prepare for the roofing.
Haitian has (part) arms.
Haitian has (part) body substances.
Haitian has (part) cell membranes.
Haitian has (part) cells.
Haitian has (part) corpi.
Haitian has (part) cytoplasm.
Haitian has (part) heads.
Haitian has (part) human bodies.
Haitian has (part) legs.
Haitian has (part) material bodies.
Haitian has (part) necks.
Haitian has (part) nuclei.
Haitian has (part) personality.
Haitian has (part) plasma membranes.
Haitian has (part) sections.
Haitian has (part) vacuoles.
Haitian isa dweller.
Haitian isa inhabitant.
Haiyen city is between Shanghai and Hangchow, and by the sea.
Hakalau bridge is probably the most notable example.
Hake fillets become increasingly tough and rubbbery during frozen storage.
A hake is a bony fish
Hake are abundant continental slope fish and common foragers at seep communities.
Hake is easy to prepare, as it has few bones.
Hake is quite a mild fish, having a more subtle flavour than cod.
Hakes are fish.
Hakes are swift, carnivorous fishes and, though rather soft-fleshed, are used as food.
Hakes feed on shrimp, squid, and even other hakes.
Hakes live in most coastal areas of the Atlantic Ocean and the eastern Pacific Ocean.
A hakim is a ruler
Hakim cautions against a fight in the first place because of the stakes.
Hakka culture is part of the rich culture of greater China.
Hakka women are well-known for being independent, strong and sacrificial.
Hakusan sake contains no preservatives or sulfites.
Most halachic authorities advise a stringent approach in accordance with the second opinion.
Halakanian customs are quite different from Thorgelfaynese customs.
Halakhic enjoyment lacks overintensity, overstimulation and drunkenness of the senses.
Halal certificates are available on request.
Halal certification is needed for beef and poultry products.
Halal food is also available in some shops.
Halal food is an extra attraction.
Halal food is available on campus.
Halal food is easily available in the local area.
Halal laws prohibit all pork-derived ingredients, including gelatin.
Halal meat is purchased through an approved meat wholesaler.
Halal meat is that which has been slaughtered according to Islamic law.
Halal products are foods that have been prepared according to Muslim dietary laws.
Halal versions substitute wild boar for other game meats like deer.
Halcyon days can also describe any time of tranquillity.
Halcyon years are golden years.
Hale telescope is dedicated.
Hale alleges that they had improved.
Hale applauds the Web's effectiveness.
Hale assesses the situation.
Hale begins with some general information about comets especially for the recreational astronomer.
Hale cites nobody.
Hale claims that it is a natural lie to tell, and to stop before another person is condemned.
Hale enjoys old movies.
Hale too denies receiving money.
Hales attributes most of the anxiety to fear of change.
Haleiwa town is a funky mixture of surf shops, old family cafes and art galleries.
Half bath has toilet and sink.
Half bath offers laundry closet with washer and dryer.
Half board includes a traditional full English breakfast, candle-lit dinner and accommodation.
Half board includes buffet breakfast and buffet dinner.
Half board includes twelve meals per week with the American host family.
Half board is breakfast and lunch or dinner.
Half board is possible with a Swedish table for breakfast and barbecue on the grill for dinner.
Half board is required in summer.
Half breeds are part human and part snake.
A half brother is a brother
Half brother has ROM in pleasure.
Half brother seeks contact after many years.
Some half brothers die of cancer.
Half cent makes sense' campaign starts.
Half cents are scarce.
Half circles have equal radii.
Half circles have radii.
Half circles remain standing.
Most half circles have equal radii.
Most half circles have radii.
Half courts are another possibility.
Some half cups contain nutrients.
Half day choose biking or kayaking.
Half day is a two hour lesson with snacks and lunch.
Half day is spent in further investigation of Lakota culture.
Half day seems to be about at much as they can tolerate for optimum performance.
Half day starts at noon.
Half day walks in the morning or afternoon or full day walks are available.
Half days alternate between hiking in the forest and kayaking.
Half days are generally four hours with a leisurely lunch stop in the middle.
A half door is an outside door
Half door fits over pig roller.
Half dress covers everything in between.
Half duplex allows only one side to have access.
Half duplex can only transmit or receive.
Half duplex is bi-directional communication while taking turns.
Half duplex means that data can flow in both directions but only one direction at a time.
Half duplex means that signals can go only in one direction at a time.
Half duplex works just fine.
Half duplexs are duplexs.
Half elves can be bards , druids , rangers , rogues or warriors .
Half head pump - a two stage pump with both impellers in parallel.
A half hitch is a knot
Half hitches are simple, strong, and easy to tie.
Half hour walk to top of Hook Mt. to view migrating hawks.
Half hours are part of hours.
Half hours are time units.
Every half hour go to a windoe and look at one thing far away and focus on it.
Every half hour is a different themed show.
Every half hour sit down and write.
Half life has other twists on the genre as well.
Half life is a period
Half life is a simple function of Z and is the time required for half of the population to decay.
Half Life is an extremely well stage managed experience.
Half Life is an eye-opener in more ways than one.
Half life is increased resulting in drug accumulation and increased toxicity.
Half Life is much more realistic.
Half life is short.
Half life is the amount of time it takes for half of a sample of a certain substance to break down.
Half life is time periods.
Half life is video games.
Half lives differ from element to element.
Half lining provides stiff upper shaft but comfort at ankle.
Half marathon begins in Cambria.
Half marathon is flat and fast.
Half marathon is through the country side with scenic undulating hills.
Half measures are never enough.
Half measures leave problems unsolved to be addressed by further half measures.
Half miles are part of miles.
Half money is better than no money.
Half moon cracking at column base is unacceptable.
A half note is a note
Half notes are also extremely helpful.
Half oxidation is a term used to describe partial oxidation of hematoxylin to hematein.
Half payment is due in advance.
Half payment is due upon registration.
Half payment is no longer an option.
Half pipe has adjacent lift.
Half price is charged for federal facilities and services within the park.
Half reactions are either an oxidation or a reduction.
Half recipe makes about a hundred.
Half recipe makes sm.
Half ropes are great for ice climbing and alpine rock.
Half saddles are available in metal or can be made by adapting a wooden saddle.
Half salads are available upon request.
Half seat covers.
Half shade is better.
Half shafts carry the drive along live axles to open-style steering knuckles.
Half shafts run down the tube to drive the wheel hubs and thus the wheels.
Half siblings are children of the individual's mother or father with a different spouse.
Half siblings share either the same mother or the same father.
Half Sovereigns are scarcer, more expensive, and more difficult to get in high grades.
Half space refers to loading of the low frequencies as occurs when there are rear or side walls.
Half time is a little different animal.
Half time is five minutes long.
Half time is five minutes.
Half time is the perfect time for serving the food and re-filling beverages.
Half time is the short break in between the two halves.
Half time promises as well to be the venue for viewing all local and international sporting events.
Half time working hours are negotiable.
A half track is a military vehicle
A half track is a tracked vehicle
Half Tracks can even mount a cannon.
Half truths are hard to debate.
A half volley is a return
Half volleys require timing and finesse.
Half way is obviously close enough to attach the same stigmas to it.
Half Wits talk much but say little.
A half is a fraction
Half accept reservations year-round.
Half also lack high school diplomas.
Half also receive six months of long-distance intercessory prayer.
Half also say they expect to get more of their news online two years from now.
Half appear on the head and neck, prompting parents to seek active therapy.
Half are a mix of urban, suburban and exurban populations.
Half are above the median, half are below.
Half are absent.
Half are acquisition and half are produced or co-produced.
Half are already on the air, and new ones begin broadcasting almost every week.
Half are American owned.
Half are American students and half are International students.
Half are asleep while the others trade foreboding with pessimism.
Half are boys and half are girls.
Half are boys and half girls.
Half are boys.
Half are children.
Half are church members, and the others have been chosen by the city council.
Half are college graduates, while one in seven remodelers hold graduate degrees.
Half are colorless, some heterotrophic, sparophitic, phagocytic, parasitic and some photosynthetic.
Half are counterfeit.
Half are custom built to our customer's measurements.
Half are dead ends though.
Half are due at mid-term and the remainder are due at the end of the semester.
Half are due at midterm, the other half on the last day of class.
Half are dumb and the other half are dumber.
Half are either sole proprietorships or partnerships.
Half are endemic to single islands and half are found on two or three islands.
Half are English words and half are Indonesian words.
Half are female.
Half are from California and six other states and half come from thirty-three different countries.
Half are from several African countries, and many are still from Central America.
Half are full-time workers.
Half are genre collections and half are author collections.
Half are high school students, and half are middle school students.
Half are in color.
Half are in drug limbo, while Elavil survived to do battle with SSRIs.
Half are in the woods.
Half are in their third or fourth years, when patient care predominates.
Half are legal.
Half are M.D.s, and nearly all others have other advanced degrees.
Half are men, half are women.
Half are men, the other half are women, and they all look butt-ugly or mismatched with the game.
Half are Mexican companies.
Half are more interested in their schoolwork.
Half are new construction, and half are existing housing stock.
Half are non-Equity, others use some form of Equity contract.
Half are out one week and the other half are put away.
Half are paper trains and half are ore trains.
Half are preserved in alcohol and half are collected alive.
Half are rather formal metallic textures and half are very light and a little bit country.
Half are real and half are fake.
Half are returning customers, half are new.
Half are Russian.
Half are single family homes and half are townhomes, apartments, or condominiums.
Half are still unopened.
Half are straight news, half are soft features.
Half are suicides.
Half are sun breaths and half are moon breaths.
Half are to be fluent in English, half in Spanish.
Half are transitional.
Half are unaware they have the disease, which is also a risk factor for heart disease and stroke.
Half are unaware.
Half are under the age of fifteen, which is the legal age of marriage for girls.
Half are unemployed.
Half are usually first-time PMD volunteers.
Half are very small, with one to four employees.
Half are women.
Half attend with their families and another third attend with their friends.
Half believe that no government mandate is appropriate.
Half believe that they have their own personal guardian angel.
Half believe Washington interferes too much in local matters.
Half blame it on their computers, but most also say they offer packages instead.
Half block up on left.
Half boil some rice.
Half can patch across channels.
Half causing against little shell yet improve subaru electrical system.
Half choose to vote.
Half collect onto many hospital but copy Cleveland golf club.
Half concealed are masks for the carnevale.
Half cover and bring to the boil.
Half depressing the shutter release can also lock the exposure settings as well.
Half describe the state s attitude toward business as very friendly or somewhat friendly .
Half die from starvation during their first winter alone.
Half die of either heart disease or cancer.
Half ensures against many walking benefits.
Half face The optimization process is the bottleneck in running time.
Half fill a clear plastic jar with hot water.
Half fill a deep fat fryer or saucepan with oil.
Half fill a deep fryer or large, deep, heavy pot with oil.
Half fill a deep-fat fryer or saucepan with oil.
Half fill a flowerpot with crumpled paper or straw.
Half fill a large bowl with ice cubes and cold water.
Half fill a large earthenware gratin dish with beans.
Half fill a large jar with the salty water and put the egg into the water.
Half fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.
Half fill a mason jar with peanuts in the shell.
Half fill a pitcher with ice.
Half fill a plastic wash basin with warm water, pour in soap, and stir.
Half fill a saucepan with water and add the pistachios.
Half fill a shaker glass with ice.
Half fill a shiny can with room temperature water.
Half fill a sink or large basin with water.
Half fill a wok or deep fryer with oil.
Half fill each with water.
Half fill it with dough.
Half fill one bottle with water.
Half fill the beaker with vinegar.
Half fill the beakers with water.
Half fill the bowl with warm water.
Half fill the box with torn strips of newspaper.
Half fill the bucket with water.
Half fill the can, leaving room for some air.
Half fill the container with gasoline.
Half fill the cup with water.
Half fill the fish bowl with water.
Half fill the glass with grape juice.
Half fill the glass with ice and add three fingers of whiskey.
Half fill the hole with soil.
Half fill the hole with water and tip in fast setting concrete.
Half fill the jar with water.
Half fill the pail with water and ice.
Half fill the pan with measured salted water and bring to the boil.
Half fill the pitchers with rice, add one tablespoon of the fried sambal mixture.
Half fill the plant pots with peat, cocofibre, vermiculite, or perlite.
Half fill the plastic jug with water.
Half fill the pot with soil, place the bulbs, then fill the pot with soil.
Half fill the pressure cooker with cold water.
Half fill the remaining cups with water.
Half fill the saucepan with hot pan water.
Half fill the test tube with the lead nitrate solution.
Half fill the thimbles with alcohol, and light.
Half fill with a growing mix of equal parts peat and vermiculite.
Half fill with coffee mixture.
Half fill with cracked ice.
Half fill with crushed ice.
Half fill with hot soapsuds, to which is added one teaspoon washing soda.
Half fill with peanut or olive oil.
Half get into one van heading to their chateau.
Half get no treatment.
Half go back to their hometown, the other half go to another boarding school.
Half go deosil, half go widdershins.
Half go home and a new group comes in to watch the movie.
Half go toward paying the winners.
Half goes to the people, half goes in a basket.
Half goes to the pickers by way of payment.
Half goes to the state and half goes back to the county of origin.
Half goes to the state and the other half is retained locally.
Half goes to the state organization and half to the national organization.
Half goes to the Vermont field office and half to scholarships.
Half goose down jacket.
Half halt or check.
Half have a high-school education or even less.
Half have electric hook-ups.
Half have electric hookups.
Half have joint academic appointments at Chicago-area universities.
Half have moderate or greater contrast sensitivity impairment.
Half have no insurance.
Half have no qualifications at all.
Half have spina bifida and half have anencephaly.
Half have telephone hook-ups.
Half Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Half hidden by foliage are other stone critters like turtles.
Half illuminate a face before they disappear.
Half inflate a soccer ball.
Half inflate a white round balloon tear off the nozzle bit.
Half is an ebay company.
Half is based on the literature review paper and presentation.
Half is better than none.
Half is buried.
Half is cut away to show the inside.
Half is deducted from their paycheck and half is paid in by the county government, their employer.
Half is desk reference for estimating general values of turboprop airliners.
Half is double.
Half is enough.
Half is for damage from smog and the rest for damage to the environment.
Half is for hand harvesting.
Half is for soccer and half is for track.
Half is from the person's mother and half is from the person's father.
Half is from the United States, served in a bag.
Half is given in the spring a month before flowering.
Half is huge, by the way.
Half is in the Czech Republic and half is in Poland.
Half is in the form of a grant, and half is a low-interest loan.
Half is invisible.
Half is older home and half is newer addition.
Half is paid by current workers on their earnings, which is matched by employers.
Half is paid by the employer and half by the employee through payroll deduction.
Half is payable upon the bitches arrival.
Half is plain and the other with bacon, black olives and mushrooms.
Half is rechannelled mono for lack of stereo mixes.
Half is reflected to a stationary mirror and then back to the splitter.
Half is rented to other tenants.
Half is salt marsh and half is wooded uplands.
Half is simply open, with room for kids to run.
Half is taken from the buyer and half from the seller .
Half is the exception.
Half is used as fertiliser to maintain the soil.
Half is used for sawlogs and the other half for pulpwood and composition board.
Half is used for the school, half becomes a park also open to the public.
Half is useless because of bombing.
Half isa definite quantity.
Half keep pictures of their pet in a wallet or on display.
Half leave in a huff and probably get the price they want from somebody else.
Half leave school by dropping out.
Half lengthwise and remove the yolks.
Half live in a household headed by a married couple.
Half live in Detroit, the other half in the suburbs.
Half live in father-absent households.
Half live in New York, seven in California.
Half live in single-parent families for at least part of their childhoods.
Half live in the suburbs.
Half live with algae in symbiotic associations called lichens.
Half log with insulated framed walls on the inside.
Half make it to the top.
Half mask Fits over the nose, mouth, and under the chin.
Half mean Gentlemen alongside several horse thru little handle.
Half means only one side can talk at a time.
Half note A note with an open head.
Half now prefer electronic photos and camera-ready art.
Half occur in unlighted conditions.
Half occur within the same year.
Half pass three.
Half pay personal leave is to be used for the purposes of absences due to illness only.
Half play from home, half from work.
Half priced tuition is available for spouses.
Half prose half plates of fine examples.
Half rack One half rack of colocation space.
Half recital the senior year.
Half remains on the plate, half is hidden for the dessert.
Half rounds to match our stock casings are a specialty.
Half routinely skip lunch.
Half say different bands have a serious impact on ability to interoperate.
Half say each has honesty and integrity.
Half say that the new rules have reduced the amount of company information available to investors.
Half say the county government does a fair job and one in five give it a poor rating.
Half say their business failed, closing while still owing money to creditors.
Half say they are all right, are saving a little and are able to provide for their needs.
Half say they frequently play the role of friend or companion for a grandchild.
Half say they're collaborating on designs over the Internet.
Half serve urban areas, with the rest serving suburban and rural areas.
Half Set in Harlem has a mix of Irish music with American styles, such as gospel and klezmer music.
HALF sets the default scroll amount to half the window width.
Half signal the anxiety's disagreeable.
Half signal the anxiety's neither agreeable or disagreeable.
Half still lies.
Half suffer from depression.
Half suffer from malnutrition and others are affected by silicosis, early arthritis and eye strain.
Half tend to be the child's natural parent.
Half think about leaving.
Half think that a gay couple can raise a child just as well as a heterosexual couple can.
Half turn low block.
Half turn on the forehand and or haunches.
Half turn right with a spring onto the right foot.
Half view the millionaire publisher favorably, and half unfavorably.
Half view the workplace as their primary purchase channel for mutual funds.
Half wear tennis shoes.
Half wishes to be a beneficiary and the other half a benefactor.
Half work outside capital cities, frequently in remote towns and villages.
Half worry about themselves dying.
Halfs are part of basketball.
Halfs are part of footballs.
Halfs are part of wholes.
Halfs are parts.
Halves bake under any wolves since jam ben's rally page.
Halves directs except an trouble yet swum billiards supplies.
Halves explain Wives to fan out most medicinal neither dug above one fish.
Halves listen Smoke on most enemy from most crime.
Halves pay or receive debts to the penny, and never round up or down.
Halves persuade beyond the army or born lenny the lumberjack.
Halves produces off no bit yet sawed caves.
Halves remain separate.
Halves treat within the satisfaction both load gas fireplace evaluations.
Halves treat within the satisfaction both load gas fireplace stoves.
Halves treat within the satisfaction both load gas log sets.
Halves wear with any fish but sat teenager organization.
More half is very good quality.
A halfbeak is a bony fish
Halfbeaks are relatives of the needlefish also called the garfish or longtom.
Half-brother isa brother.
Half-brothers have (part) arms.
Half-brothers have (part) body substances.
Half-brothers have (part) cell membranes.
Half-brothers have (part) cells.
Half-brothers have (part) corpi.
Half-brothers have (part) cytoplasm.
Half-brothers have (part) heads.
Half-brothers have (part) human bodies.
Half-brothers have (part) legs.
Half-brothers have (part) material bodies.
Half-brothers have (part) necks.
Half-brothers have (part) nuclei.
Half-brothers have (part) personality.
Half-brothers have (part) plasma membranes.
Half-brothers have (part) sections.
Half-brothers have (part) vacuoles.
Halfhearted representation is a setup for frustration and failure.
A halfpenny is coin
Halfpenny reports to the director.
A halftime is a pause
Halftime comes around and the two teams exit through two doors on the opposite side of the gym.
Halftime ends when everyone agrees for it to end.
Halftime is five minutes .
Halftime is show time.
Halftime is ten minutes long.
Halftime lasts five minutes.
Halftime show band members brave the cold, and they're proud of it.
Halftime shows at football games and fall field competitions take up their summers and falls.
Halftimes are pauses.
A halftone is an engraving
Halftone is a mechanical process for printing continuous tone images in ink.
Halftone is used to optimize the quality of scanned photos when printed on desktop printers.
Halftones are also acceptable.
Halftones are engravings.
Halftones are necessary for photographs.
Halftones are photographs that have been converted to millions of black dots.
Halftones are pictures constructed with dot patterns.
Halftones are reproductions of images that give the illusion of gray.
Halftones are shaded or gray tones generally found in photographs.
Halftones look nearly photographic, with only faint banding evident in some dark gray tones.
Halftones only apply to gray or color areas.
Halftones stay clean and open.
Most halftones are one color, printed with black ink on white paper.
Most halftones are one-color halftones, printed with black ink on white paper.
Halfway house equates to work release.
Halfway houses are a mid-point between total confinement and total liberty.
Halfway houses are a small safety net.
Halfway rock bares at half tide between the beacon and the lighthouse at the tip of Great Island.
A halide is salt
Halides are reactive elements that include iodine and bromine.
Halides tend to have rather simply ordered structures and therefore a high degree of symmetry.
Halifax charge continues .
Halifax hospital looks for govt.
Halifax officials say the numbers are growing, period, as the human population grows.
Haliplid larvae suck the contents of single cells of algae with their highly specialized mandibles.
A halite is a mineral
A halite is common salt
Halite allows one to go deep within to find ancient solutions to problems of today.
Halite can be any color like white red, yellow, orange, pink, green, blue, violet, and gray.
Halite forms isometric crystals .
Halite is a salt crystal, similar to table salt.
Halite is about the simplest mineral there is.
Halite is salt.
Halite isa compound.
Halite isa mineral.
Halite precipitates out after even more evaporation.
Halites are minerals.
Halites are sodium chloride.
Some halite is processed for use as a seasoning for food.
A halitosis is exhalation
Halitosis comes from the lungs.
Halitosis is a defective but valid form of extrasensory perception .
Halitosis is a hereditary problem.
Halitosis is an oral health condition characterized by consistently odorous breath.
Halitosis is an unpleasant odor in the breath.
Halitosis is caused by foods.
Halitosis is caused by sulfur compounds in the mouth.
Halitosis is caused by too much sulfur in the mouth.
Halitosis is caused by volatile sulfur compounds.
Halitosis is halitosis.
Halitosis is the medical term for bad breath.
Halitosis knows no boundaries when it comes to age, sex, race, or socioeconomic levels.
Hall Auditorium is wheel chair accessible.
Hall Beach is a very proud community.
Hall Beach is small, quiet and laid back.
Most hall councils meet weekly.
Hall County has attractive incentives for manufacturers starting or expanding their operations.
Hall County is like other areas across the state.
Hall County is more than an ideal location to do business in Georgia.
Hall County upgrades equipment as necessary, and an inventory is kept of all equipment purchased.
A hall of residence is a hall
Halls of residence are available for single students.
Halls of residence are dormitories.
Halls of residence are in the Trent Park campus, a five minute ride in the inter-campus bus service.
All halls of residence are within easy walking distance of the centre of campus.
All halls of residence contain computer rooms.
Most halls of residence have lockable sheds for the safe overnight storage of bikes.
A hall is a corridor
Hall isa passageway.
Halls are a great way to meet people.
Halls are buildings.
Halls are closed and staffs are in orientation training sessions until just prior to opening.
Halls are expensive and getting more costly.
Halls are good value for money.
Halls are largely self-governing.
Halls are limited to one loan at a time.
Halls are located in buildings.
Halls are located in conferences.
Halls are located in dormitories.
Halls are located in homes.
Halls are located in insides.
Halls are located in large buildings.
Halls are located in libraries.
Halls are located in schools.
Halls are on campus with self-catering flats a short distance away.
Halls are on, or within a short distance of the campus.
Halls are open however, no meal service is provided.
Halls are open however, no meal service.
Halls are rooms.
Halls are used for air flow.
Halls are used for concerts.
Halls are used for dancing.
Halls are used for functions.
Halls are used for meetings.
Halls are used for playing sports.
Halls are used for wedding reception.
Halls are very strong.
Halls are wide to reduce stress.
Halls Has it all.
Halls have (part) bases.
Halls have (part) ceilings.
Halls have (part) doorways.
Halls have (part) floors.
Halls have (part) readsides.
Halls have (part) sections.
Halls have (part) walls.
Halls have at least one fire drill per semester.
Halls have bike racks available for student use during the academic year.
Halls have policies pertaining to the utilization of their labs.
Halls have television and recreation rooms, study areas, computer labs, kitchenettes, and lounges.
Halls have tiles.
Halls offer common rooms and social facilities.
Halls offer various choices for all meals, and students can eat where they please, when they please.
Halls provide blankets or duvets, pillows and bed linen, which is regularly laundered.
Halls provide other subsidiary facilities rooms, and television and common rooms.
Halls remain open and meals are served.
Halls remain open.
Halls takes a thematic approach and generally follows a chronological pattern.
Halls vary greatly in size, appearance, age and atmosphere.
Halls vary in architecture, size, room arrangement, atmosphere, and tradition.
All halls also have open labs for residents' use.
All halls are air-conditioned and equipped with lounges, laundry facilities, and TV rooms.
All halls are air-conditioned.
All halls are at least four feet wide.
All halls are centrally air conditioned and several feature carpeted rooms and corridors.
All halls are close to classes and campus resources.
All halls are coed , housing both men and women on alternating floors or wings.
All halls are coed and house men on one floor, wing, or suite and women on another.
All halls are coed.
All halls are co-ed.
All halls are coeducational by floor.
All halls are coeducational, but specific wings and floors house occupants of the same gender.
All halls are fully accessible to patrons with disabilities.
All halls are mixed but some have single sex blocks.
All halls are mixed.
All halls are on one of the university's campuses or within walking distance of the university.
All halls are single sex, and housing is guaranteed for four years.
All halls are unlocked during the day and locked at dusk for the safety of our students.
All halls are welcome.
All halls are wheelchair accessible.
All halls are within minutes from academic classrooms, cultural, sporting and social activities.
All halls feature stackable furniture.
All halls have a front reception desk located on the main level of each building.
All halls have a reception desk located in the main lobby.
All halls have areas set aside for study, activities, typing and laundry.
All halls have coin-operated laundry rooms, vending machines, and ice machines.
All halls have common lounge space and laundry facilities.
All halls have computer facilities centrally located in their building.
All halls have Internet access and phone and television hookups.
All halls have internet connections in each room.
All halls have laundry facilities.
All halls have lobby areas with vending and ice machines.
All halls have local area network accessibility in student rooms.
All halls have quiet hours that are set by the residents and therefore vary yearly.
All halls have quiet hours.
All halls have quiet study areas and smoke-free areas.
All halls have single as well as mixed sex residences.
All halls have stair-stepper machines.
All halls have study rooms, TV rooms, vending areas, laundry rooms and corridor carpet.
All halls have telephones and there are two television lounges on site.
All halls have television rooms, bars, pantries, laundries and there are hand-basins in every room.
All halls have the same type of living units.
All halls have TV lounges.
All halls have twenty-four hour security guards.
All halls offer lounges, laundry facilities, vending machines and microwave ovens.
All halls offer non-smoking options.
All halls offer study space, lounges, and kitchenettes.
All halls provide self-catering accommodation, mainly in single study bedrooms.
All halls remain open for all other holidays or closings.
All halls utilize a key card access system.
Every hall brims with discussion.
Every hall has a desk.
Every hall has a different storage area.
Every hall has a hall director, responsible for day to day operation.
Every hall has a living room and other common space with a piano and a grandfather clock.
Every hall has a piano and a small collection of books donated by students and alumnae.
Every hall has a resident director residing in the building.
Every hall has a tutor suite which is occupied by a graduate student whom the hall selects.
Every hall has laundry areas for use by the residents of that hall.
Every hall has laundry facilities for resident student use.
Every hall has lounges and a kitchen.
Every hall has three levels with two wings per level.
Every hall has washers and dryers that are available for residents.
Every hall is equipped with a security swipe card system.
Every hall provides a wealth of services to it's residents.
Many halls also have weightlifting or fitness and exercise rooms.
Many halls are within easy walking distance of the main campus.
Many halls do have cooper supply pipes.
Many halls have additional multipurpose rooms which lots of students use as study areas.
Many halls have kitchenettes.
Many halls present a variety of programs designed to explore and celebrate cultural diversity.
Most halls also have a TV room.
Most halls are accessible to students with disabilities.
Most halls are available for rental.
Most halls are co-ed and offer dining facilities, recreational and social programs, and study rooms.
Most halls are double occupancy.
Most Halls are single study bedrooms, fully furnished, some with private bathrooms.
Most halls are within easy walking distance of the main campus.
Most halls charge a small fee to play.
Most halls have a few formals.
Most halls have a microwave, vacuum and VCR for student use.
Most halls have a study room.
Most halls have direct illumination which creates optimal conditions for work.
Most halls have food vending machines, kitchen facilities, and coin-operated laundry facilities.
Most halls have kitchen facilities.
Most halls have lounges, laundry facilities, and a kitchen.
Most halls have study rooms, kitchen facilities and social areas.
Most halls have vacuums which are available for checkout.
Some halls also have kitchen facilities.
Some halls are for men or women only.
Some halls are self catering, while others have meal plans.
Some halls are single sex and some house both men and women on alternate floors.
Some halls are single-gender halls.
Some halls are single-sexed.
Some halls are worse than others.
Some halls draw attention.
Some halls even hire tutors.
Some halls fill with smoke.
Some halls have a high rate of returning residents.
Some halls have a higher rate of returning residents.
Some halls have bike racks, pool tables and other recreational facilities.
Some halls have common area kitchens.
Some halls have fitness rooms.
Some halls have limited spaces for freshmen due to the number of current students who reassign.
Some halls have portraits.
Some halls have rooms where there is network access.
Some halls have sports facilities, all have launderettes and many have shops and bars.
Some halls have tables.
Some halls have volleyball nets, grills, board games, frisbees, vacuum cleaners, and irons.
Some halls offer fitness equipment and tutoring labs.
Some halls provide handicap access.
Some halls provide meals and others provide kitchens.
Some halls serve two meals a day, some three.
Some halls utilize Western style toilets, showers and hand basins in their communal facilities.
A hallmark is a characteristic
Hallmark has gifts,e-cards and flowers on their site.
Hallmark has much to answer for.
Hallmark has some beautiful ones.
Hallmark isa quality.
Hallmark now appeals the denial of attorney's fees.
Hallmark now appeals.
Hallmarks are characteristics.
Hallmarks are many.
Hallmarks are on the exterior of the shank.
Hallof residence are great for social life but bad for noise.
Halloran software gives a numeric rating to each aspect to show the strength of each influence.
Halloran software offers calculations, graphic charts and atlas support.
Hallowed eyes burn through the line to the fifth in colonies of old.
Hallowe'en arson is big in some cities, thus the fantasy scariness spills over into reality.
Hallowe'en night come along, darker than pitch.
Hallowe'en spirit kicks in.
Hallucination can be auditory, olfactory, visual, or tactile.
Hallucination is a mental condition
Hallucination is delusion.
Hallucination is diseases.
Hallucination is objects.
Hallucination is pathological.
Hallucination is symptoms.
Hallucination is the truth our graves are dug with.
Hallucination isa condition.
Hallucinations are a prominent and disabling symptom of schizophrenia.
Hallucinations are also common.
Hallucinations are also different from illusions .
Hallucinations are also different from illusions.
Hallucinations are common with schizophrenics.
Hallucinations are common.
Hallucinations are different from dreams .
Hallucinations are different from dreams.
Hallucinations are distortions of the senses.
Hallucinations are false perceptions or unreal apparition.
Hallucinations are false perceptions that occur in the absence of an appropriate stimulus.
Hallucinations are false perceptions.
Hallucinations are false visual, auditory, olfactory, or tactile perceptions.
Hallucinations are internal impulses projected onto images in the real world.
Hallucinations are mainly auditory.
Hallucinations are more common at higher doses.
Hallucinations are most commonly auditory or visual, but can occur in any sensory modality.
Hallucinations are perceptions that occur without connection to an appropriate source.
Hallucinations are perceptual experiences that occur without sensory input.
Hallucinations are rare and are only seen at high doses.
Hallucinations are subjective and individual.
Hallucinations are typical.
Hallucinations are visual and auditory.
Hallucinations are what the doctors call it.
Hallucinations are when someone sees, hears, smells or feels something that isn t really there.
Hallucinations arise from over stimulation, or over-excitation, of certain regions of the brain.
Hallucinations associated with bromocriptine appear to be dose-dependent.
Hallucinations associated with ropinirole appears to be dose-dependent.
Hallucinations can affect all of a person 's senses .
Hallucinations can affect all of a person's senses.
Hallucinations can also be frightening.
Hallucinations can also occur.
Hallucinations can be frightening to the person and the caregiver.
Hallucinations can be in any of the senses, but hearing voices is the most common hallucination.
Hallucinations can be powerful, but can be distinguished from reality.
Hallucinations can occur at any time during the course of treatment.
Hallucinations can occur in all sensory modalities, but visual hallucinations are most common.
Hallucinations come to life.
Hallucinations emerge from an imbalance of self-monitoring and reality modelling.
Hallucinations generally have no objective reality.
Hallucinations generally occur to people who are imaginative and of a nervous make up.
Hallucinations increase the chaos.
Hallucinations indicate an unwanted influence on the brain.
Hallucinations occur either in wakefulness or in the transition between sleep and wakefulness.
Hallucinations occur in isolation with no other symptomatology.
Hallucinations occur involving the senses of sight, sound, and touch.
Hallucinations occur less frequently in the elderly than in middle-aged persons.
Hallucinations occur only at particular times and places and are associated with the events.
Hallucinations refer to internal stimuli that have no basis in external reality.
Hallucinations respond to a lessening of stress and an increase of antipsychotic medication.
Hallucinations Seek emergency treatment.
Hallucinations frequently occur with dementia.
Hallucinations usually result from drugs or mental disorders.
Most hallucinations involve the total person physical, mental, and spiritual.
Some hallucination is caused by lack.
A hallucinogen is a psychoactive drug
Hallucinogens are a group of drugs that affect the central nervous system.
Hallucinogens are alkaloids, which means that they are derived from plants.
Hallucinogens are drugs that distort the perception of reality and feelings.
Hallucinogens are illegal to buy, sell, or possess.
Hallucinogens are illegal.
Hallucinogens are man made, or grown naturally.
Hallucinogens are particularly dangerous because the effects are so unpredictable.
Hallucinogens are psychoactive chemicals that change perception.
Hallucinogens are psychoactive drugs known for altering time and space perception.
Hallucinogens are psychoactive drugs.
Hallucinogens cause cross-tolerance.
Hallucinogens change the way a person feels time, making it seem to slow down.
Hallucinogens change the way people see, hear, feel or think.
Hallucinogens have a profound effect on the mind by altering sensations and emotions.
Hallucinogens have no prescribed medical use and are made and sold illegally.
Hallucinogens have powerful mind-altering effects.
Hallucinogens impair the users' visual perceptions as well as perception of time and space.
Hallucinogens interrupt the brain messages that control the intellect and keep instincts in check.
Hallucinogens interrupt the brain's messages that control the intellect and keep instincts in check.
Hallucinogens occur naturally in primarily two forms, peyote cactus and psilocybin mushrooms .
Hallucinogens stimulate a shift in the perception of reality.
All hallucinogens are chemically related to serotonin.
All hallucinogens produce unpredictable, negative effects.
Many hallucinogens are alkaloids, which means that they synthesized using metallic salts.
Many hallucinogens are in the form of a white powder.
Most hallucinogens inhibit serotonin neurons in the brain stem.
Some hallucinogens also produce rapid, intense emotional swings.
Some hallucinogens come from natural sources such as mescaline from the peyote cactus.
Some hallucinogens come from natural sources, such as mescaline from the peyote cactus.
Hallucinogenic agents are a form of intoxicant.
A hallucinogenic drug is a psychoactive drug
Hallucinogenic drug stirs up trouble.
Hallucinogenic drugs affect it.
Hallucinogenic drugs continue to appear in area reports involving primarily younger users.
Hallucinogenic drugs have delusions and modifications of perception as their dominant effect.
Hallucinogenic mushrooms are the second most common form of hallucinogen used in the United States.
Hallway pages are pages which contain links to different doorway pages.
A hallway is a corridor
Hallway isa passageway.
Hallways are also a minimum of five feet wide and have been eliminated where possible.
Hallways are ample in size and the exhibit sections are color-coded for easy reference.
Hallways are at least four feet wide to allow for easy wheelchair maneuverability.
Hallways are corridors.
Hallways are flats.
Hallways are free of clutter and have good lighting.
Hallways are free of clutter and well lighted.
Hallways are free of clutter and well-lighted.
Hallways are halls.
Hallways are indoor space.
Hallways are located in buildings.
Hallways are located in houses.
Hallways are located in office buildings.
Hallways are of gray Tennessee marble.
Hallways are often the least cluttered and are therefore the safest places to seek shelter.
Hallways are other instances of positive and negative space.
Hallways are overcrowded, particularly at breaks and dismissal.
Hallways are quick to make and ugly to look at.
Hallways are quiet.
Hallways are rooms.
Hallways are space.
Hallways are spaces where energy is condensed and moving very quickly.
Hallways are terrazzo.
Hallways are to be kept clear of all items.
Hallways are used for entrances.
Hallways are used for passage.
Hallways are usually one of the safest places to be.
Hallways are usually safer, especially if they're free of furnishings and hanging objects.
Hallways are way tight, leaving little room for error.
Hallways are well lighted.
Hallways become nodes and airlocks, doors become hatches.
Hallways can be complex.
Hallways connect stairs and extend teaching beyond the laboratory.
Hallways glow with Victorian-era corals and teals, gold leaf and delicately decorated plaster.
Hallways have (part) bases.
Hallways have (part) ceilings.
Hallways have (part) doorways.
Hallways have (part) floors.
Hallways have (part) readsides.
Hallways have (part) sections.
Hallways have (part) walls.
Hallways have convenient exits and are well lit.
Hallways lead down two wings, each with two bedrooms and a shared bathroom.
Hallways lead north, west, and east, and a door lies south.
Hallways lead nowhere.
Hallways lead past a seemingly endless profusion of doorways.
Hallways lead to one set of rooms one moment, and a completely different set of rooms the next.
Hallways lose their effectiveness if they are used as storage areas.
Hallways now become the sleeping quarters because the bed was taking up too much valuable space.
Hallways offer their own kinds of distractions and are difficult to supervise.
Hallways take shape as drywall is errected.
All hallways are level and provide adequate maneuvering room.
All hallways provide adequate maneuvering room.
Every hallway is monitored by security guards.
Some hallways have plenty.
HALNet accounts are for personal, non-commercial use only.
Halo blight is blight
Halo blight occurs primarily when temperatures are cool.
Many halo stars are in globular clusters.
A halo is light
Halo has a beefy section, but be forewarned, only the first three zips contain new shots.
Halo is a child's toy to be stepped on.
Halo is a clever game concept.
Halo is a game currently under development.
Halo is a nontechnical term to denote either a disk behind the head or a circle surrounding it.
Halo is a ring of light encircling and extending outward from the sun or moon.
Halo is blended with objects behind haloed object.
Halo is definitely a new and exciting product to celebrate the next millenium.
Halo is definitely one of the most highly anticipate games of the year.
Halo is impressive, and is going to be released sometime in the Spring.
Halo is produced by refraction through ice crystals.
Halo is self-explanatory.
Halo is set far in the future where humans have started to leave Earth to colonise other planets.
Halo is, perhaps a few times larger than disk.
Halo isa property.
HALO provides individuals with learning differences the opportunity to achieve their full potential.
Halo seems to be looking pretty nifty.
Haloes are white or faintly colored rings encircling the sun or moon .
Haloes radiate from both their heads.
Halos appear around lights at night.
Halos are light waves.
Halos are more brilliant and complex near the poles than in other parts of the world.
Halos are perfect for concealing an uneven glaze application.
Halos are produced by refraction of light.
Halos are religious symbols.
Halos are rings around lights due to optical imperfections in or in front of the eye.
Halos are rings around lights.
Halos are subjective experiences that often decrease with time.
Halos are the biggest symptom of pixel rot.
Halos are weather.
Halos occur more frequently than rainbows.
Halos result from the refraction of light by the cloud's ice crystals.
Halos surround the street lamps, and a siren wails from a few miles distant.
Halos symbolize holiness, innocence, and sometimes spiritual power.
Some halos are so large and their colours so dispersed that they are inherently faint.
A halobacteria is a microorganism
Halobacteria have diphytanyl ether membranes.
A halocarbon is an organic compound
Halocarbons are carbon compounds that contain fluorine, chlorine, bromine, and iodine.
Halocarbons are more efficient suppressants, and can be dispensed at lower pressures.
Halocarbons are organic compounds.
Halocarbons have an indirect effect because they destroy stratospheric ozone.
Any halocarbon breaks that molecule up into non ozone particles.
Many halocarbons have the disadvantage of cost or of being environmentally unfriendly.
Halogen arc lamps generate heat.
Halogen lamps generate heat.
Most halogen lamps generate heat.
Some halogen light uses energy.
Some halogen lights emit enormous quantities of ultraviolet radiation.
A halogen is a group
Halogen is considered very good at simulating natural light.
Halogen is midway between florescent and incandescent.
Halogen isa group.
Halogens also chemisorb in a dissociative fashion to give adsorbed halogen atoms.
Halogens also make up many of the commonly used anaesthetics used in surgery.
Halogens are a class of chemicals that includes chlorine, bromine, fluorine, and iodine.
Halogens are a group of chemical elements.
Halogens are among the most reactive elements known.
Halogens are elements.
Halogens are groups.
Halogens are in general good leaving groups.
Halogens are toxic.
Halogens are usually terminal.
Halogens can also pose a fire hazard.
Halogens can attack all forms of carbon.
Halogens can be harmful or lethal to biological organisms in sufficient quantities.
Halogens can gain an electron by reacting with atoms of other elements.
Halogens have an unpleasant taste, especially at higher concentrations.
Halogens have lower melting points than the alkali metals.
Halogens have the disadvantage of being inactivated by organic materials.
Halogens react directly to form tetrahalides.
Halogenated agents cause progressive electroencephalographic changes.
Halogenated compounds are more likely to be toxic.
Halogenated ethers are an important class of inhalation anesthetic.
Halon is a pollutant
Halon is an organic compound
Halon is organic compounds.
Halon is pollutants.
Halons are another group of chemicals which are just as important.
Halons are another powerful ozone depleter used in fire extinguishers.
Halons are fluorocarbons that contain bromine.
Halons are man-made brominated hydrocarbons that act as very effective fire extinguishants.
Halons are man-made chemicals.
Halons are one of the most ozone-damaging substances in use today.
Halons are organic compounds that are similar to CFCs.
Halons incorporate bromine instead of chlorine.
Halons release bromine atoms which are even more potent ozone destroyers.
Halons stop the chemical reaction necessary for a fire to continue.
A haloperidol is a neuroleptic
Haloperidol acts selectively on dopamine receptors.
Haloperidol appears to have strong central antidopaminergic properties.
Haloperidol causes a dose-related increase in ad lib smoking.
Haloperidol has prominent analgesic properties.
Haloperidol increases pain behavior following peripheral tissue injury.
Haloperidol is a drug that blocks dopamine synapses.
Haloperidol is also an excellent antiemetic if that is required.
Haloperidol is an antipsychotic agent.
Haloperidol is excreted in breast milk.
Haloperidol is the drug of choice for delirium.
Haloperidol is the first of the butyrophenone series of major antipsychotics.
Haloperidol is usually effective in targeting agitation, paranoia and fear.
Haloperidol passes into breast milk.
Haloperidols are drugs.
A halophile is a microorganism
Halophiles accumulate great amounts of potassium in order to stay hypertonic to their environment.
Halophiles also ferment salted fish .
Halophiles also ferment salted fish.
Halophiles are archaeans that can survive in extremely salty conditions.
Halophiles are bacteria that are adapted to live in high salt environments.
Halophiles are categorized by the levels of salt at which they grow best .
Halophiles are categorized by the levels of salt at which they grow best.
Halophiles are directly responsible for decomposition of salted meats.
Halophiles are mesophilic facultative aerobes.
Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments .
Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments.
Halophiles live in evaporation ponds or salt lakes such as Great Salt Lake, Owens Lake, or Dead Sea.
Halophiles live in intensely salty lakes and pools.
Halophiles live in water with a very high concentration of salt.
Halophiles love salt live in the dead sea and the great salt lakes.
Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems .
Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems.
Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods .
Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods.
Most halophiles are aerobes.
Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology .
Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology.
A halophyte is a tracheophyte
Halophytes are plants that tolerate salty environments.
Halophytes are vascular plants.
Halophytes develop in waterlogged area which is salty and calcareous.
Halophytes do have several adaptations to the saline substrat.
Halophytes have two ways of achieving their salt tolerance.
Most halophytes are undomesticated plants, having only modest agronomic potential at present.
Some halophytes absorb humidity by leave.
Some halophytes store salt solution in special cells.
Many halophytic plants are rich sources of the enzyme.
A halothane is a drug
Halothane activates catecholaminergic afferents to the periaqueductal grey.
Halothane administered by inhalation is the anesthetic of choice.
Halothane blocks low-voltage activated calcium current in rat sensory neurons.
Halothane can cause hepatic damage following repeated exposures.
Halothane can cause hypotension, decreased cardiac output, and respiratory depression.
Halothane is a good anaesthetic, but a poor analgesic.
Halothane is a potent trigger of malignant hyperthermia in susceptible animals or people.
Halothane is a potent vasodilator.
Halothane is considered high risk for guinea pigs as they hold their breath and then gasp.
Halothane is fine if the vet is experienced at using it.
Halothane is in between and has a near-perfect profile of physical properties.
Halothane is readily available with only minimal amounts of isoflurane in the larger hospitals.
Halothane is transformed in the liver into a molecule that binds to liver proteins.
Halothane produces disinhibition by depressing inhibitory interneurons in rat hippocampal slices.
Halothane produces plasma bromides in proportion to dose and length of exposure.
Halothane selectively inhibits bradykinin-induced synovial plasma extravasation.
Halothane sensitises the heart to adrenaline and predisposes the patient to developing arrhythmias.
Halothane sensitizes myocardium to catecholamines.
Halothane sensitizes the myocardium to epinephrine.
Halothanes are drugs.
Halovac fluids have a vapor pressure suitable for many applications.
A halt is inaction
Halt play if a stray ball rolls on the court.
Halt stops all scripts, whereas Exit only stops the script it's in.
Halt work altogether under extreme conditions.
Halted mode is the right mode to switch off power.
Halter classes are where a horse is shown in hand.
Halter fit is so very important with the llama.
All halter horses are to be judged as sound of limb, eye, wind, mouth and reproductive organs.
More halter horses suffer from heat stress episodes then do race horses.
Halter top has keyhole opening in back.
Halter tops are also inappropriate in the same places.
A halter is a tack
Halter advocates the proper use of styles to improve efficiency and consistency.
Halteres are sense organs which are essential for stable flight.
Halteres help balancing and improve flight .
Halteres help balancing and improve flight.
Halteres vibrate at high speeds during flight.
Halters are available in a rainbow of colors .
Halters are designed to catch, hold, lead and tie animals, and nothing else.
Halters are often plain in design, used as working equipment on a daily basis.
Halters are part of harnesses.
Halters are sleeveless shirts.
Halters are tops.
Halters are wings.
Halters can be a problem during transportation.
Halters can be custom made to fit any horse or pony.
Halters come in many styles and in many materials of varying quality.
Halters is also a member of the undergraduate alumni council and a student ambassador.
Halters make it easier for thieves to catch horses.
Halters make it easy to stop barking dogs by closing their mouths.
Many halters have a buckled cavesson or noseband.
Many halters have another short strap connecting the noseband and the throatlatch.
Halting demand is just as important as halting supply, according to the activists.
Halting fragmentation is always worthwhile if it is feasible.
Halting pollution is yet another challenge.
Halting production is the ultimate strength of workers over management.
Halting publication is an unacceptable exercise in prior restraint.
Halve eggplants lengthwise, leaving stem intact.
Halve leeks lengthwise and thinly slice crosswise.
Halve onions lengthwise and slice thinly.
Halve peppers lengthwise and core.
Halve peppers lengthwise, removing seeds and membranes.
Halve zucchini lengthwise and diagonally cut both zucchini and scallions into thin slices.
Halved grapefruit is eaten with a teaspoon or a pointed grapefruit spoon.
A halyard is a rope
Halyards are ropes.
Halyards are the lines used to pull the sails up the mast.
Halyards go to cleats on the mast, and the original reefing system was a rolling boom.
Halyards go to winches on the mast where they are less likely to become fouled or end up overboard.
Halyards lead aft under a cover, exiting along side the companionway.
Halyards lead aft under a cover, exiting alongside the companionway.
Halyards still whip slightly.
All halyards are internal, and a wire conduit is fitted inside for electrical wires.
All halyards are readily available because of the centre cockpit design.
All halyards lead aft through individual stoppers to self-tailing winches on the coach roof.
All halyards lead aft to convenient line bags flanking the companionway.
Ham Lake is dedicated to the health and wellness of our community.
Ham operators attach radios to their computers and operate from just about anywhere.
Ham operators come in all sorts of flavors.
Ham operators have a fraternal bond.
Ham operators use radio transmitters and receivers to talk to other hams all over the globe.
Most ham operators begin with a simple station.
Ham radio can be a starting place for new ideas.
Ham radio can play a very important part in search and rescue activities.
HAM radio is a co-operative effort.
Ham radio is a hobby dating back to the early part of the century.
Ham radio is a hobby with a lot of unwritten rules as far as operating practices go.
Ham radio is a hobby with lots of interesting things to do.
Ham radio is a long-time hobby.
Ham radio is a myriad of people with varied interests.
Ham radio is a wonderful communications hobby and service.
Ham radio is an exciting hobby that is as old as radio itself.
Ham radio is for anyone who likes to communicate with others via wireless technology.
Ham radio is for anyone who likes to communicate with others.
Ham radio is fun, challenging, and absolutely necessary at times.
Ham radio is just as exciting to young people as it has always been.
Ham radio is less an end unto itself and more an adjunct to other activities.
Ham radio is like a diamond with a seemingly endless number of facets.
Ham radio is many different things to many different people.
Ham radio is more than just a useful tool for travelers.
Ham radio is no longer the only means of recreational communications to Antarctica.
Ham radio is no stranger to computer technology.
Ham radio is on the move.
HAM radio is on the move.
HAM radio is purely a hobby.
Ham radio is still the only means of communication with the outside world.
Ham radio is strange.
Ham radio is the greatest hobby ever invented.
Ham radio is the perfect blend of technology, adventure and toys.
Ham radio is, by law, a hobby occupation.
HAM radio provides support, as needed, to disaster teams.
Ham radio spices up geography lessons when students speak with other hams.
Ham radio works when all other services fail.
Ham radios are radio broadcasting.
A ham sandwich is a sandwich
Ham sandwiches are good.
Ham sandwiches are yummy.
Ham comes from pigs.
Ham is actors.
Ham is artifacts.
Ham is cut of pork
Ham is food.
Ham is located in fridges.
Ham is located in pizzas.
Ham is located in refrigerators.
Ham is people.
Ham is pork.
Ham is radio operators.
Ham isa meat.
Ham works very well, too.
Hams are always willing to help out beginners.
Hams are incredibly far behind in the experimentation and deployment of digital voice technology.
Hams are most likely to be active after disasters that damage regular lines of communication,i.e.
Hams are multiple packed.
Hams are no different.
Hams are no exception.
Hams are patriotic, independent people and they are volunteers.
HAMs are the ones who drove the technological advances and research when no one else was doing it.
Hams are welcome to check in.
Hams are well known for their role in providing communications during emergency situations.
Hams ask for more rules instead of fewer.
Hams call each other by their first names.
Hams come from nearly all walks of life.
Hams develop their message-handling skills through practice and discipline.
Hams enjoy demonstrating their radios to anyone, but especially to youth.
Hams enjoy satellite communication on a daily basis.
Hams enjoy the fun of experimenting with various types of antennas.
Hams have satellites of our own.
Hams have the capability to be mobile.
Hams have the expertise to develop a lot of information.
Hams have their own channels, different from the police.
Hams keep better with the skin on.
Hams love a good mystery - especially a radio mystery.
Hams operate on emergency power when commercial power is lost so reports can still be received.
Hams operating on the amateur shortwave bands have the ability to talk all over the world.
Hams send and receive live television.
Hams send and receive messages by linking their radios to computers.
Hams share fascination with communicating.
Hams sponsor and provide radio support for various activities in their community.
Hams talk through something called repeaters.
Hams tend to give their first name and callsign.
Hams there are often surprised to talk to someone who actually knows where they are located.
Hams use a variety of frequencies for communications.
Hams use a variety of frequencies For communications.
Hams use larger radios to talk all around the country, even around the world.
Hams use several methods to communicate with each other.
Hams vary in size by several pounds.
Hams often do a lot more listening than transmitting.
All hams are available whole or sliced by the pound.
All hams are top quality and are always fresh.
All hams are welcome to attend one or both of the following meetings.
All hams are welcome to check in.
All hams are welcome.
Many hams are active as communications volunteers with local public safety organizations.
Many hams are members of both groups.
Many hams can be on the same frequency, but it depends on the propagation factors.
Many hams combine ham radio with their other hobbies, such as sailing.
Many hams do.
Many hams enjoy amateur radio clubs.
Many hams enjoy building their own equipment.
Many hams enjoy operating late at night.
Many hams have calls which in no way relate to their home address.
Many hams have emergency generators and back-up batteries to keep the radios powered up.
Many hams have no technical knowledge beyond what they learned to get their licenses.
Many hams like to build and experiment.
Many hams like to build their own radios and antennas.
Many hams own portable, handheld equipment.
Many hams prefer to have a callsign on the back of the card.
Many hams still use a mish-mash of made up phonetics and it only causes more confusion.
Many hams still use older equipment which is prone to drift.
Many hams use HTs that have built into ruggedized boxes, with an appropriate controller.
Most ham comes from pigs.
Most hams are on the air.
Most hams are told to memorize all the characters, then start building their speed.
Most hams belong to what is known as a Net.
Most hams find the sensitivity, selectivity and stability quite acceptable for communications today.
Most hams have their own personal cards printed by professional printers.
Most hams maintain a log book which includes information about frequency used, time, and remarks.
Most hams never bother with a noise bridge.
Some hams compete in contests or try to win award certificates.
Some hams enter their birthdate through our Internet updater.
Some hams make spacers out of acrylic plastic to prevent tangles.
Some hams successfully leave their battery on the automatic charger all the time.
Some hams take the easy way out and pay for the one filter needed to help one neighbor.
Hamadrayas baboons have the largest day range of any primate.
Hamadryas baboons are common in irrigated agricultural areas and can be terrible crop pests.
Hamadryas baboons are diurnal and spend most of their time on the ground.
Hamadryas baboons are quadrupedal, mainly terrestrial primates.
Hamadryas baboons are socially and structurally distinct from other species of baboon.
Hamadryas baboons breed aseasonally.
Hamadryas baboons form harems with one male aggressively guarding multiple females.
Hamadryas baboons have a fluffy coat.
Hamadryas baboons live in harems composed of one male and several females and their young.
Hamadryas baboons live in the semidesert hills along the African and Arabian coasts of the Red Sea .
Hamadryas baboons rely on assembling into large groups for protection.
Hamadryas baboons utilize visual signals and gestures, vocalizations, and tactile communication.
Hamadryas males have both relatively and absolutely smaller testicles than do anubis males.
Hamarckian strategies can solve at least the question of assignation of rights.
A hamartoma is growth
Hamartoma is the most common benign neoplasm to occur in the lung.
Hamburger disease can go on to cause internal bleeding, bloody diarrhea and even kidney failure.
Hamburger disease is a type of food poisoning caused by bacteria.
Hamburger meat is ground beef.
Hamburger meat used in the USA frequently comes from cleared rainforest areas in Central America.
Most hamburger meat comes from dairy cows, the most heavily medicated farm animals.
Hamburger patties are a common ground meat food.
Hamburger patties are prime targets for the barrage.
A hamburger is a sandwich
Hamburger beefs up cancer protection.
Hamburger costs a dollar and a half a pound, and night crawlers are six dollars.
Hamburger costs a dollar and a half a pound, and night crawlers six dollars.
Hamburger isa sandwich.
Hamburger patties char broil over the open-flame oven and topples onto the bottom half of a bun.
Hamburgers are a good example.
Hamburgers are also available.
Hamburgers are among the most popular dishes.
Hamburgers are an American tradition and favorite.
Hamburgers are burgers.
Hamburgers are deceptively simple.
Hamburgers are food.
Hamburgers are ground meat.
Hamburgers are high in fat too.
Hamburgers are junk food.
Hamburgers are located in mouths.
Hamburgers are located in pizzas.
Hamburgers are made of wheat.
Hamburgers are main courses.
Hamburgers are meat.
Hamburgers are named for a city in Germany called Hamburg .
Hamburgers are named for a city in Germany called Hamburg.
Hamburgers are nineteen cents each.
Hamburgers are only a buck.
Hamburgers are pretty good, fries are the best.
Hamburgers are sandwichs.
Hamburgers are slightly sweet, ground with soy sauce and garlic.
Hamburgers are the biggest draw here.
Hamburgers are wonderful.
Hamburgers can go directly from the freezer to the grill without being thawed first.
Hamburgers come from animals.
Hamburgers come from cattle.
Hamburgers come from dairy cattle.
Hamburgers come from meat.
Hamburgers come from the beef cow.
Hamburgers contain beef.
Hamburgers contain grind beef.
Hamburgers dominate the menu.
Hamburgers have (part) bread.
Hamburgers have (part) ground beef.
Hamburgers have (part) sauces.
Hamburgers have (part) sections.
Hamburgers have no ham and pineapples have neither apple or pine.
Hamburgers have to be one of America s favorite foods.
Hamburgers rank among the top contenders as the most frequently ordered menu item.
Hamburgers taste good.
Hamburgers top the list.
Hamburgers turn into pork chops, so the appetite naturally advances to yearning for chateaubriand.
Every hamburger is more than the flesh of a dead cow.
More hamburger is contaminated with disease causing bacteria than previously thought.
Most hamburgers come from animals.
Most hamburgers come from cattle.
Most hamburgers come from dairy cattle.
Most hamburgers come from meat.
Most hamburgers contain beef.
Most hamburgers contain grind beef.
A hame is a tack
Hames are a vital part of a horse's harness, transferring the load from the traces to the collar.
Hamerly soils are on level and nearly level till plains.
Hamiltonian cycles Let consider connected graphs with at least two vertices.
Hamiltonian matrices belong to the Lie algebra of the Lie group of unitary transformations.
Most Hamiltonian systems are chaotic.
Hamiltonian theory encompasses both classical mechanics and modern dynamical systems.
A hamlet is a community
Hamlet isa community.
Hamlets can be a valuable resource to tourists.
Hammer drills look like an ordinary drill, but most have an extra handle and a guide rod attached.
Hammer equipment is considered to be top of the line for leverage movement.
Hammer forging produces a type of rifling called polygonal rifling .
Hammer mills are usually strong enough to contain a dust explosion.
Hammer mills have an advantage in flexi-bility of use.
Hammer razor blades between core and base of frame.
Hammer refining gives the finished piece a fine strong grain.
Hammer shaft lies parallel to long-axis of tubes.
Hammer spur is broken.
Hammer testing indicates slack between the teak and plywood under deck.
Hammer toe can affect any toe, but most commonly occurs in the second toe.
Hammer toes affect the four lesser toes usually and can also be hereditary.
Hammer toes are a condition in which any of the toes are bent in a claw-like position.
Hammer toes are also hereditary.
Hammer toes are bent down at the middle joint and up at the joint closest to the foot.
Hammer toes are toes that bend at the middle joint and can cause the toe to rub against the shoe.
A hammer is a striker
Hammer consists of a metal ball that is affixed to a handle usually made of rattan.
Hammer continues to be active in both soundtracks and solo recordings.
Hammer isa tool.
Hammer live puts on a fine show as far as dancing, sound, light effects, production, and such.
Hammer moves anvil moves stirrup and so sounds amplify at the oval window.
Hammer nails all around the edge of the wheel.
Hammer nails into the plywood to join the boards together.
Hammer nails into the tube covering it top to bottom in random patterning.
Hammer nails into the wall or into the studs for tools and other articles.
Hammer nails into the wood to create a flower head pattern.
Hammer now appeals.
Hammer offers smoother and safer negative and positive muscle movements.
Hammer refers to the industrial background of municipality.
Hammer reiterates that all change is loss.
Hammer remains as designated.
Hammer resides in Eureka Springs .
Hammer sets fire to the jungle with dynamite.
Hammer shows toad initial position and orientation.
Hammer start Suggestion through an branch above the duty.
Hammers  builds.
Hammers are basic tools in many trades .
Hammers are blows.
Hammers are capable of break glass.
Hammers are capable of breaking glass.
Hammers are capable of hits.
Hammers are declasse, but anything else is good.
Hammers are field events.
Hammers are hand tools.
Hammers are ideal for work on gaskets.
Hammers are industrial equipment.
Hammers are located in cabinets.
Hammers are located in garages.
Hammers are located in hardware stores.
Hammers are located in pianos.
Hammers are located in repair shops.
Hammers are located in stores.
Hammers are motivated by the goal of builds.
Hammers are motivated by the goal of demos.
Hammers are power tools.
Hammers are sports equipment.
Hammers are strikers.
Hammers are the heaviest, and swing the slowest.
Hammers are tools.
Hammers are used for break glass.
Hammers are used for buildings.
Hammers are used for construction work.
Hammers are used for hammers.
Hammers are used for hits.
Hammers are used for pounds.
Hammers are used for strikes.
Hammers are used to attack and for other things, like flicking switches and solving puzzles.
Hammers build houses.
Hammers can be useful in smashing through doors and furniture.
Hammers cause nailings.
Hammers dents, kinks, and twists from blank or band stock.
Hammers have (part) handles.
Hammers have (part) sections.
Hammers have a small real body with a long lower shadow with a small or no upper shadow.
Hammers nuts open.
Hammers start breaking rock.
Hammers start with swings.
Hammers tacks along edges to protect model from wear on copy lathes.
Hammers tend to make poor saws, too.
Hammers Use a machinist's hammer for machine work and a claw hammer for carpentry work.
Hammers use limewood cores and are covered with the finest selected antelope hide.
Hammers vary in shape, size, and structure, depending on their purposes.
Hammers wedges and drift pins, and turns turnbuckles, using lever.
All hammers are marked indicating weight, production number and makers stamp.
More hammer blows.
Most hammers are hand tools used to drive nails , fit parts, forge metal, and break apart objects.
Most hammers come with a shoulder sling.
Most hammers consist of thin handles with knobs on one end.
Some hammers are one-piece designs made primarily of a single material.
Some hammers come out of a day's fossil hunting rather worse for wear.
Some hammers have other names, such as sledgehammer , mallet and gavel .
Hammercraft ships are huge structures made of iron and wood.
Hammered disks serve as armor and decoration.
Hammered dulcimer appears on about half of the cuts.
Hammered tent pegs into the baked earth of Watchman Campground.
Hammerhead fins are considered a delicacy in many countries.
Hammerhead shark teeth have cut edges.
Hammerhead shark teeth have edges.
Hammerhead shark teeth have smooth cut edges.
Hammerhead shark teeth have smooth edges.
A hammerhead shark is a shark
Hammerhead shark is probably the weirdest type of sharks.
Hammerhead sharks appear here regularly.
Hammerhead sharks are found in warm coastal tropical and temperate waters across the globe.
Hammerhead sharks are the most commonly caught sharks for finning .
Hammerhead sharks are the most commonly caught sharks for finning.
Hammerhead sharks are viviparous animals.
Hammerhead sharks eat fish.
Hammerhead sharks feed on fish.
Hammerhead sharks feed on squids.
Hammerhead sharks get their name after specific shape of the head that looks like a flat hammer.
Hammerhead sharks have an unmistakable scalloped-shaped head, or a cephalofoil.
Hammerhead sharks have heads.
Hammerhead sharks have thick heads.
Hammerhead sharks have white bellies and olive green or grey-brownish back.
Hammerhead sharks inhabit all along the tepid waters and other coastlines and continental shelves.
Hammerhead sharks live in groups called schools.
Hammerhead sharks seem to adapt well to their surroundings.
Hammerhead sharks tend to form schools of fifty to two hundred.
Most hammerhead sharks eat fish.
Most hammerhead sharks feed on fish.
Most hammerhead sharks feed on squids.
Most hammerhead sharks have heads.
Most hammerhead sharks have thick heads.
Some hammerhead sharks belong to families.
Some hammerhead sharks eat stingrays.
Some hammerhead sharks have advantage.
Some hammerhead sharks have greenish tints.
Some hammerhead sharks have tints.
Some hammerhead sharks range in size.
Hammerhead soccer is a wonderful addition to the community.
Most hammerhead species are fairly small and are considered harmless to humans.
Most hammerhead species are small and are considered harmless to humans.
A hammerhead is a head
Hammerhead isa shark.
Hammerheads also chamber with difficulty.
Hammerheads also retreat back to warmer waters in the winter.
Hammerheads are also among the most recent.
Hammerheads are also to be seen in group ceremonies, usually near a nest.
Hammerheads are among the most commonly caught sharks for finning.
Hammerheads are among the species that can be found along the Georgia coast today.
Hammerheads are considered potentially dangerous sharks.
Hammerheads are distinctive sharks whose heads have evolved to look like hammers.
Hammerheads are especially good swimmers because of the hydrodynamic function of their head.
Hammerheads are found worldwide in warmer waters along coastlines and continental shelves .
Hammerheads are heads.
Hammerheads are long, ugly killing machines.
Hammerheads are nocturnal, meaning they are most active during the evening.
Hammerheads are one of the most highly evolved types of shark.
Hammerheads are part of hammers.
Hammerheads are sharks.
Hammerheads are the easiest to identify, with their peculiar hammer-shaped snout.
Hammerheads eat bony fishes, other sharks, crustaceans and lots of stingrays.
Hammerheads eat bony fishes, squid, shrimps, and lobsters.
Hammerheads eat fish.
Hammerheads eat small fish.
Hammerheads feed on fish.
Hammerheads feed on other fishes, cephalopods, crustaceans, and turtles.
Hammerheads feed on southern stingrays.
Hammerheads feed on stingrays.
Hammerheads gather in large schools for hunting, migration and social purposes.
Hammerheads gather in schools and live near the pinnacles and ridges of the Sea Mountain.
Hammerheads get their common names from the large hammer-shaped head.
Hammerheads have (part) brains.
Hammerheads have (part) breasts.
Hammerheads have (part) cell membranes.
Hammerheads have (part) chest cavities.
Hammerheads have (part) chests.
Hammerheads have (part) corpi.
Hammerheads have (part) cytoplasm.
Hammerheads have (part) ears.
Hammerheads have (part) faces.
Hammerheads have (part) fish scales.
Hammerheads have (part) fishbones.
Hammerheads have (part) flippers.
Hammerheads have (part) heads.
Hammerheads have (part) nuclei.
Hammerheads have (part) pedal extremities.
Hammerheads have (part) plasma membranes.
Hammerheads have (part) rib cages.
Hammerheads have (part) sections.
Hammerheads have (part) skulls.
Hammerheads have (part) sperm.
Hammerheads have (part) sterna.
Hammerheads have (part) tail fins.
Hammerheads have (part) vacuoles.
Hammerheads have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hammerheads have (part) yolks.
Hammerheads have ability.
Hammerheads have characteristics.
Hammerheads have definite food preferences.
Hammerheads have disproportionately small mouths and seem to do a lot of bottom-hunting.
Hammerheads have eyes.
Hammerheads have flat heads.
Hammerheads have heads.
Hammerheads have quite a range in size depending on the species.
Hammerheads have relatively small teeth with smooth cutting edges.
Hammerheads have senses.
Hammerheads have sweet teeth.
Hammerheads have teeth.
Hammerheads live in shallow tropical and warm temperate waters and have attacked people.
Hammerheads move in from the open ocean to the reef, feeding on fishes, squid and crustaceans.
Hammerheads sometimes congregate in great numbers.
All hammerheads have white tufts of hair at the base of the ears.
Most hammerheads eat fish.
Most hammerheads eat small fish.
Most hammerheads feed on fish.
Most hammerheads feed on southern stingrays.
Most hammerheads feed on stingrays.
Most hammerheads have ability.
Most hammerheads have characteristics.
Most hammerheads have eyes.
Most hammerheads have flat heads.
Most hammerheads have heads.
Most hammerheads have senses.
Most hammerheads have sweet teeth.
Most hammerheads have teeth.
Some hammerheads are caught by fishermen.
Some hammerheads are caught by sport fishermen.
Some hammerheads give birth to fish.
Some hammerheads have capability.
Some hammerheads have edges.
Some hammerheads have fins.
Some hammerheads have maneuver capability.
Some hammerheads have placentas.
Some hammerheads have posterior edges.
Hammerings are hitting.
A hammertoe is a toe
Hammertoes affect the small joints of the toes.
Hammertoes are a common condition.
Hammertoes are toes.
Hammertoes can be flexible or rigid.
Hammertoes can become painful and cause everything from calluses and skin ulcerations to infections.
Hammertoes can cause problems with walking and finding shoes that fit well.
Hammertoes can run in the family.
Hammertoes have a permanent sideways bend in the middle toe joint.
Hammertoes result when the toes contract into a claw-like position.
Hammertoes vary in severity and in the number of joints involved.
Hammertoes often accompany a bunion, although they occur on their own, as well.
Hammings is acting.
All hammock fabric is solution dyed making it fade resistant.
A hammock is a bed
Hammock isa bed.
Hammocks are a Florida phenomenon.
Hammocks are a great place to relax, and they're scattered all about the resort.
Hammocks are another example of how quality can vary considerable.
Hammocks are available for relaxing while cruising on the river.
Hammocks are available for visitors in excess of cabin capacity.
Hammocks are beds.
Hammocks are everywhere.
Hammocks are fun and functional.
Hammocks are furniture.
Hammocks are hot property.
Hammocks are located in porchs.
Hammocks are open air.
Hammocks are outdoor furniture.
Hammocks are patches of elevated dry land enclosed by the swamp.
Hammocks are ready for afternoon naps.
Hammocks are therefore much easier to handle, transport and store.
Hammocks dot the grounds along with trimmed shrubbery, palmetto trees and immaculate lawns.
Hammocks hang from the trees out front, adding to the relaxed atmosphere.
Hammocks hang under thatched roofs for reading and napping in the shade.
Hammocks have (part) mattresses.
Hammocks have (part) sections.
Hammocks interrupt the flat sawgrass expanse.
Hammocks occur commonly in north central Florida and sparingly elsewhere in Florida.
Hammocks occur on rolling terrain.
Hammocks provide a great place for a nap and make the cage more spacious.
Hammocks stow sleeping gear and other items.
Many hammocks are part of marshland owned by the state.
Most hammocks are all about the same length, approximately twelve or thirteen feet long.
Hamo fish is steamed with rice in the clay pot.
A hamper is a constraint
Hampers are baskets.
Hampers can be custom made to suit individual needs and budgets.
All hampers featured are available for delivery to the United Kingdom.
Hampshire isa thing.
Hamster cages are also ideal for rats.
Hamster cages make a comfortable home for hamsters.
Hamster food contains proteins.
Hamster food includes proteins.
Hamster shows feature an exhibition of the hamsters participating in the judging.
Hamster tumors occur in organs.
A hamster is a mammal
Hamster does the connecting to the Internet.
Hamster has lots of configuration doo-dad thingeys.
Hamster has several features.
Hamster has to fetch the article bodies.
Hamster is a freeware program which does so.
Hamster isa rodent.
Hamster maintains a striking positive face first observed in mouse.
Hamsters also enjoy playing in tunnels and caves.
Hamsters also like grass, clover and dandelions.
Hamsters also make a good pets.
Hamsters appear to be highly susceptible to infection, with high morbidity and mortality.
Hamsters are a favorite among pet owners.
Hamsters are a good beginner pet because they are fairly easy to care for.
Hamsters are active at night.
Hamsters are adapted for living in deserts and fertile lowland steppic grasslands.
Hamsters are aggressive species and they only meet at the time of mating.
Hamsters are also cool.
Hamsters are also often prone to cheek abscesses.
Hamsters are also useful for decorating packages.
Hamsters are animals.
Hamsters are born to run.
Hamsters are capable of burrows.
Hamsters are capable of having multiple litters.
Hamsters are characterized by their short tails, furry ears, stocky legs, and wide feet.
Hamsters are clever and curious companion animals that make great pets for just about any household.
Hamsters are crepuscular or nocturnal.
Hamsters are delicate, skittish and very squirmy when touched.
Hamsters are descended from female hamsters.
Hamsters are descended from golden hamsters.
Hamsters are descended from hamsters.
Hamsters are descended from single female wild golden hamsters.
Hamsters are difficult to catch once they get away and hide.
Hamsters are docile animals if they are treated kindly and given a comfortable cage.
Hamsters are easy to care for and enjoy attention.
Hamsters are excellent escape artists and can get out of most cages.
Hamsters are fairly intelligent, very active and friendly.
Hamsters are fairly neat in their bathroom habits if their enclosure is regularly cleaned.
Hamsters are fat and fuzzy.
Hamsters are favorites with children - but they can bite and their bites can draw blood.
Hamsters are friendly and easily tamed.
Hamsters are friendly by nature, and curious.
Hamsters are friendly.
Hamsters are fun, too.
Hamsters are good.
Hamsters are great little creatures to have as pets.
Hamsters are great pets and can easily become good friends over time.
Hamsters are hardy pets requiring few visits to the vet.
Hamsters are like squirrels in that they store their food.
Hamsters are mammals.
Hamsters are native to the Middle East.
Hamsters are natural hoarders and are notorious for stockpiling their food.
Hamsters are natural hoarders.
Hamsters are naturally nocturnal.
Hamsters are nocturnal animals, so it's best to start in the early evening.
Hamsters are nocturnal animals, which means they are active at night.
Hamsters are nocturnal animals.
Hamsters are nocturnal but do have short periods of activity in the day.
Hamsters are nocturnal by nature.
Hamsters are nocturnal creatures, which means that they like to sleep all day.
Hamsters are nocturnal so think carefully before placing their cages.
Hamsters are Nocturnal.
Hamsters are omnivores .
Hamsters are omnivores but lean more to a vegetarian diet.
Hamsters are omnivores, meaning they can eat and digest a wide variety of food types.
Hamsters are omnivorous, which means they eat both vegetables and meat.
Hamsters are popular pets both at home and in school classrooms because they are easy to care for.
Hamsters are popular pets for children .
Hamsters are primarily herbivorous and they feed on vegetable and plants matter.
Hamsters are primarily nocturnal species.
Hamsters are quite shy creatures - sleeping mostly during the day.
Hamsters are really cool.
Hamsters are relatively cheap to purchase.
Hamsters are rodents and resemble tiny bears.
Hamsters are rodents.
Hamsters are seasonal breeders.
Hamsters are slothful and live by the labor of others.
Hamsters are small animals which are kept as pets .
Hamsters are small animals which are kept as pets.
Hamsters are small rodents.
Hamsters are small, soft animals with a fair temperament.
Hamsters are small, they are tailless, rodents with big cheeks .
Hamsters are solitary animals.
Hamsters are solitary but tend to be nocturnal.
Hamsters are territorial animals.
Hamsters are tough, robust animals.
Hamsters are unaffected by a dose of dioxin that is lethal to a guinea pig.
Hamsters are unusual in the caged pet group in that they can catch colds from people.
Hamsters are very active.
Hamsters are very flexible, but their bones are somewhat fragile.
Hamsters are very fond of eating crickets.
Hamsters are very fond of eating fruits and vegetables and other plants matter.
Hamsters are very healthy animals.
Hamsters are very much smaller than the smallest humans are.
Hamsters are very noctural and spend most of the day in a very deep sleep.
Hamsters are very small animals.
Hamsters are vulnerable to an unusually large number and variety of benign cancers.
Hamsters attract attention.
Hamsters avoid broken legs and strangulations.
Hamsters become fertile at different ages depending on their species.
Hamsters bite only when they are frightened.
Hamsters bite people either because they are scared or because their owner's hand smells like food.
Hamsters can also catch a cold if the cage is exposed to draughts or are bathed.
Hamsters can be great pets.
Hamsters can bite.
Hamsters can chew out of the cardboard box.
Hamsters can chew through cardboard quickly.
Hamsters can cry.
Hamsters can develop diabetes.
Hamsters can eat small slices of lettuce.
Hamsters can get respiratory infections that can lead to pneumonia.
Hamsters can have small bits of lettuce, carrots, apples, broccoli, and tomatoes.
Hamsters can live to be three to four years old.
Hamsters can make quite messy pets.
Hamsters can multiply.
Hamsters can start breeding as early as two months of age.
Hamsters can t see very well, and they aren t the most agile or sure-footed creatures.
Hamsters carry babies.
Hamsters carry protozoans.
Hamsters clean themselves.
Hamsters conserve energy during winter by hibernating and reducing their body temperatures.
Hamsters depend on diets.
Hamsters develop growth.
Hamsters do have a propensity to escape.
Hamsters do have scent glands on their flanks which can be dark and sometimes alarm owners.
Hamsters do have tails but it is extremely short.
Hamsters do very well in solid bottom cages with deep bedding and ample nesting material.
Hamsters drink water through bottles with a metal dispenser.
Hamsters eat food.
Hamsters eat grains, seeds, grasses, fruit, roots, stems, and small animals like worms and insects .
Hamsters eat lots of things.
Hamsters enjoy having fun.
Hamsters enjoy treats such as fresh fruits and vegetables.
Hamsters everywhere rejoice as proclamation is read.
Hamsters exhibit a great variability of response to administration of parenteral anesthesics.
Hamsters feel touch.
Hamsters fill their cheek pouches with air before taking the plunge.
Hamsters find places.
Hamsters give birth to hamsters.
Hamsters going everywhere, They are both near and far.
Hamsters has-part backs.
Hamsters has-part eyes.
Hamsters has-part skin.
Hamsters has-part teeth.
Hamsters have (part) brains.
Hamsters have (part) breasts.
Hamsters have (part) cell membranes.
Hamsters have (part) cells.
Hamsters have (part) chest cavities.
Hamsters have (part) chests.
Hamsters have (part) corpi.
Hamsters have (part) cytoplasm.
Hamsters have (part) ears.
Hamsters have (part) faces.
Hamsters have (part) heads.
Hamsters have (part) nuclei.
Hamsters have (part) pedal extremities.
Hamsters have (part) piluses.
Hamsters have (part) plasma membranes.
Hamsters have (part) rib cages.
Hamsters have (part) sections.
Hamsters have (part) skulls.
Hamsters have (part) sterna.
Hamsters have (part) vacuoles.
Hamsters have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hamsters have a loose skin and can easily slip out of inexperienced hands.
Hamsters have a low zoonotic potential.
Hamsters have a pretty short life span, so they mature very quickly.
Hamsters have a relatively short life span.
Hamsters have babies also.
Hamsters have cases.
Hamsters have cheek pouchs.
Hamsters have cheekpouches which they use to collect food.
Hamsters have diets.
Hamsters have discharge.
Hamsters have feet.
Hamsters have front feet.
Hamsters have glands.
Hamsters have growth.
Hamsters have healthy diets.
Hamsters have life.
Hamsters have long tails, gerbils have short ones.
Hamsters have metabolism.
Hamsters have nasal discharge.
Hamsters have noses.
Hamsters have one of the quickest reproductive rates in the animal kingdom.
Hamsters have plenty.
Hamsters have problems.
Hamsters have runny noses.
Hamsters have scent glands.
Hamsters have serious cases.
Hamsters have serious problems.
Hamsters have short life spans.
Hamsters have tails.
Hamsters have teeth and they can bite.
Hamsters have vegetarian diets.
Hamsters have very poor eyesight .
Hamsters have wet tails.
Hamsters hide in burrows.
Hamsters hump people.
Hamsters like to amass treasure chests of tidbits, so check for stockpiles of perishable food.
Hamsters like to chew.
Hamsters like to eat seeds, grains, nuts, cracked corn, fruits and vegetables.
Hamsters like to eat, sleep, and run their wheel.
Hamsters like to hoard or store food in their cheek pouches.
Hamsters like to run on their wheels at night.
Hamsters live for years.
Hamsters live in burrows.
Hamsters live in cages.
Hamsters live life much quicker than humans.
Hamsters lose energy.
Hamsters love attention.
Hamsters love the cardboard tubes found inside rolls of toilet paper and paper towels.
Hamsters love to chew.
Hamsters love to curl up in a coconut shell.
Hamsters love to dig, burrow, and chew.
Hamsters love to eat crickets.
Hamsters love to shred and hide in cardboard tubes from toilet paper or paper towel rolls.
Hamsters love wheels.
Hamsters make excellent pets for young and old alike.
Hamsters make urine.
Hamsters move food.
Hamsters need diets.
Hamsters need fluid.
Hamsters need pain.
Hamsters need proteins.
Hamsters need special diets.
Hamsters possess chromosomes.
Hamsters possess hair.
Hamsters possess offspring.
Hamsters pull the cotton apart, often stuffing it into their cheeks.
Hamsters reach adulthood.
Hamsters really hate cold, draughts and damp.
Hamsters receive water.
Hamsters relish a variety of different treats in their diet.
Hamsters reproduce very quickly.
Hamsters require a quiet place during the day, and a place where they can be noisy in the evening.
Hamsters require a weekly cage cleaning or sometimes twice a week and no grooming.
Hamsters require food.
Hamsters require only minimal care.
Hamsters require veterinary care to ensure they stay healthy and live as long as possible.
Hamsters require water.
Hamsters run on their wheels at the same time every day.
Hamsters seem to especially enjoy exercise wheels and other activities.
Hamsters sell as pets.
Hamsters should have diets.
Hamsters should have low sugar diets.
Hamsters should have sugar diets.
Hamsters sleep all day long, and are up all night chewing and running in their wheel.
Hamsters stand on paws.
Hamsters store food in the sides of their mouths.
Hamsters store food.
Hamsters suffer from their own prion disease, called scrapie, to which mice are completely immune.
Hamsters survive in habitats.
Hamsters teach students about parental care.
Hamsters tend to be active at night and sleep during the day.
Hamsters tend to have relatively short life spans when compared with other species.
Hamsters tend to have relatively short lifespans when compared to other species.
Hamsters thrive in cages.
Hamsters thrive in solid-bottom cages with deep bedding and ample nesting material.
Hamsters typically live one to two years, but can live up to three years in captivity.
Hamsters use feet.
Hamsters use front feet.
Hamsters use their whiskers ,or vibrissae, to aid detection of objects to explore their environment.
Hamsters walk on paws.
Hamster usually continues as normal, eating but probably drinking more to avoid dehydration.
All hamsters are alert, active, and eating and drinking normally.
All hamsters are creatures who like to eat carrots.
All hamsters have short legs .
All hamsters have short legs.
All hamsters have short tails for their small body.
ALL hamsters reproduce very quickly.
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time.
Most hamsters also have a wheel to run on for exercise.
Most hamsters are active during the early to late evening and throughout the night.
Most hamsters are descended from female hamsters.
Most hamsters are descended from golden hamsters.
Most hamsters are descended from hamsters.
Most hamsters are descended from single female wild golden hamsters.
Most hamsters are strictly solitary.
Most hamsters attract attention.
Most hamsters blink one eye at a time.
Most hamsters carry babies.
Most hamsters carry protozoans.
Most hamsters depend on diets.
Most hamsters develop growth.
Most hamsters dont live long.
Most hamsters eat food.
Most hamsters feel touch.
Most hamsters find places.
Most hamsters give birth to hamsters.
Most hamsters has-part backs.
Most hamsters has-part eyes.
Most hamsters has-part skin.
Most hamsters has-part teeth.
Most hamsters have cases.
Most hamsters have diets.
Most hamsters have discharge.
Most hamsters have feet.
Most hamsters have front feet.
Most hamsters have glands.
Most hamsters have growth.
Most hamsters have healthy diets.
Most hamsters have life.
Most hamsters have metabolism.
Most hamsters have nasal discharge.
Most hamsters have noses.
Most hamsters have plenty.
Most hamsters have problems.
Most hamsters have runny noses.
Most hamsters have scent glands.
Most hamsters have serious cases.
Most hamsters have serious problems.
Most hamsters have tails.
Most hamsters have vegetarian diets.
Most hamsters have wet tails.
Most hamsters hide in burrows.
Most hamsters like to eat mealworms.
Most hamsters live for years.
Most hamsters live in burrows.
Most hamsters live in cages.
Most hamsters lose energy.
Most hamsters make urine.
Most hamsters move food.
Most hamsters only blink one eye at a time.
Most hamsters possess chromosomes.
Most hamsters possess hair.
Most hamsters possess offspring.
Most hamsters reach adulthood.
Most hamsters receive water.
Most hamsters require food.
Most hamsters require water.
Most hamsters sell as pets.
Most hamsters sleep all day.
Most hamsters stand on paws.
Most hamsters survive in habitats.
Most hamsters thrive in cages.
Most hamsters use feet.
Most hamsters use front feet.
Most hamsters walk on paws.
Some hamsters are allergic to certain types of bedding.
Some hamsters are member of families.
Some hamsters are more friendly then others.
Some hamsters are sure to relish finely chewed pieces of curtain to line their nests.
Some hamsters are very social, while others are loners.
Some hamsters can have disorder.
Some hamsters can have muscle disorder.
Some hamsters come from steppes.
Some hamsters come into contact.
Some hamsters develop conditions.
Some hamsters develop cysts.
Some hamsters develop infection.
Some hamsters develop intestinal infection.
Some hamsters develop pockets.
Some hamsters drink regular water, and some drink water to which a medicine has been added.
Some hamsters eat grain.
Some hamsters eat insects.
Some hamsters eat meat.
Some hamsters eat several different meat.
Some hamsters escape from cages.
Some hamsters feed cholesterol diets.
Some hamsters feed diets.
Some hamsters feed fat diets.
Some hamsters feed high fat diets.
Some hamsters have allergies.
Some hamsters have bacterial infection.
Some hamsters have breeds.
Some hamsters have characteristics.
Some hamsters have evidence.
Some hamsters have head injuries.
Some hamsters have infection.
Some hamsters have injuries.
Some hamsters have serious allergies.
Some hamsters have viruses.
Some hamsters infect animals.
Some hamsters infect with equine viruses.
Some hamsters infect with viruses.
Some hamsters kill hamsters.
Some hamsters lose appetite.
Some hamsters love vegetables.
Some hamsters only have teeth.
Some hamsters possess diets.
Some hamsters possess food.
Some hamsters produce offspring.
Some hamsters reach maturity.
Some hamsters reach puberty.
Some hamsters reach sexual maturity.
Some hamsters respond to sugar.
Some hamsters suffer damage.
Some hamsters suffer heart problems.
Some hamsters suffer liver damage.
Some hamsters suffer problems.
A hamstring is a tendon
Hamstrings are a frequently injured area for many athletes.
Hamstrings are a group of four muscles at the back of the thigh that attach to the hip and the knee.
Hamstrings are long muscles on the back of the thigh that are attached to the pelvis and the leg.
Hamstrings are muscles.
Hamstrings are nothing to mess around with.
Hamstrings are skeletal muscles.
Hamstrings are tendons.
Hamstrings are things that kind of linger.
Hamstrings are tricky.
Hamstrings are well developed.
Hamstrings take a long time to heal.
Hamstrings tend to take their own course.
Hamstrings traditionally take a long time to heal.
Hamstringings are cripplings.
Hand acupuncture is without any risk of damaging internal organs through needles.
Hand analysis becomes a complete system of understanding human potential.
Hand axes are more abundant in Kenya than anywhere else in the world.
Hand axes are usually termed bifaces because both faces are fashioned in the same way.
A hand brake is a brake
Hand brake is applied by turning hand wheel clockwise.
Hand brake is two pieces of brass rod, one bent at a slight angle to simulate the release lever.
Hand brakes allow quick braking and the ability to move the tricycle backward by peddling backward.
Hand brakes are alot of trouble.
Hand brakes are brakes.
Hand brakes are part of motor vehicles.
Some hand brakes are part of ambulances.
Some hand brakes are part of automobiles.
Some hand brakes are part of autos.
Some hand brakes are part of cars.
Some hand brakes are part of dumpers.
Some hand brakes are part of go-karts.
Some hand brakes are part of motorbikes.
Some hand brakes are part of pickups.
Some hand brakes are part of taxis.
Some hand brakes are part of trucks.
Hand braking are braking.
Hand braking are human activities.
Hand carts are available and used for moving gas cylinders.
Hand carts are available for rental.
Hand clapping is commendation
Hand clapping is common in Bonairean folk music, in contrast to most of the rest of the Caribbean.
Hand coding has several advantages such as compatibility.
Hand colors vary.
All hand colouring is undertaken using high quality artist's water colours.
Hand crank rings the other phone.
Hand crank saves time and effort.
Hand cranks provide greater portability at the cost of greater exertion.
Hand cream helps protect bare skin, but wears off.
Hand cream is cream.
Hand cream is emollient
Hand cream is great at unsticking stiff locks, hinges etc.
Hand cream is used as protection.
Hand dance is a form of swing, and a close cousin of the jitterbug.
Hand dermatitis is caused by skin irritants such as detergents or chemicals.
Hand eczema is a common rash.
Hand eczema is caused by irritation from substances like detergents and household cleansers.
Hand eczema is common among hairdressers.
Hand fans made here from thin slivers of sandalwood spread aroma in the room.
Hand formula are available for all the computations, but who cares.
HAND games are a bit more difficult in counting.
Hand geometry is another biometric credential.
Hand geometry is the granddaddy of biometrics.
Hand gestures are also good.
Hand gestures are graceful, walks are purposeful, banter is poised.
Hand gestures are notoriously different from culture to culture.
Hand gestures are occasionally appropriate.
Hand gestures are often combined with head movements to make a point.
Hand gestures are tricky to pull off.
Hand gestures are what are most often identified as nonverbal communication.
Hand gestures can also help illustrate concepts like big , small , hot , cold , goodbye , etc.
Hand gestures can be a delicate topic when translated to visual symbols.
Hand gestures control the motion of the player in the scene.
A hand grenade is a grenade
Hand grenades are also extremely effective.
Hand grenades are also illegal.
Hand grenades are bombs.
Hand grenades are grenades.
Hand grenades are in abundance.
Hand grenades are like a mortar, but they are thrown at close range.
Hand grenades are small arms.
Hand grenades are used by the infantry.
Hand grenades blow up a helicopter and the man inside.
Hand guard is a dual pair of crescent moons in pewtertoned metal.
Hand guard is of a stylized eagle with opened wings.
Hand guards help deflect the elements.
Hand guns are part of the american heritage.
Hand guns are the number one killer of boys, and drug overdose is the number one killer of girls.
Hand guns can fire at two targets, or twice at one target.
Hand harvesting allows four seed crops per year.
Hand harvesting is active with a light volume available.
Hand harvesting is active with good quality and color available.
Hand harvesting is active.
Hand harvesting is essential when attempting to separately collect individual species.
Hand hold is strickly a function of speed.
Hand holding is considered part of the job.
Hand hygiene includes both hand disinfection with an alcohol-based hand rinse and handwashing.
Hand hygiene is the most effective method of prevention.
Hand injuries are notoriously slow healers.
Many hand injuries are a result of inexperience with machinery.
Hand lenses are used in scientific research, police work and everyday life.
Hand lenses are useful in both private and professional life.
Most hand lens have two different magnifications.
Hand lotion is confined to use of approved products.
Hand lotion is lotion
Hand luggage is cared for by the attendant, in the coach with the passengers.
Hand luggage is luggage
Hand phones are usually more expensive than fixed line telephones.
Hand phones use either analog or digital technology.
Hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
Hand planes are ancient, originating thousands of years ago.
Hand pollination is carried out three times each season to ensure pollination of late flowers.
Hand pollination is fast and simple.
Hand pollination is generally preferred.
Hand pollination is necessary when the plant flowers in order to get fruit.
Hand pollination is sometimes necessary to get a proper fruit set.
Hand pollination is very successful.
Hand position is key to powerful poling.
Hand position is the same as for sit ups.
Hand position is very importent.
Hand position Use the flute as a lever between hands and head.
Hand positions are different, but the man's right elbow is in the same position as in closed hold.
Hand preference is a rough index of the pattern of brain organization.
Hand preference strengthens, a sign of greater brain lateralization.
Hand pruners are best for most pruning jobs of wood less than a half-inch in diameter.
Hand pruners are useful for branches less than one-half an inch thick.
Hand pruners are useful for removing a few stray branches.
Hand pruners work fine for cutting small twigs.
A hand pump is a pump
Hand pump is operational.
Hand pumps are glorious, but they are bulky and very expensive.
Hand pumps are pumps.
Most hand pumps are robust.
A hand puppet is a puppet
Hand puppets are available.
Hand puppets are powerful tools for bringing a children's book to life.
Hand rails are located in subways.
Hand rails are secure and the step light is working, if equipped.
Hand rails are simple rounded members.
Most hand rails have a support function along stairways.
Hand rankings are similar.
Hand regard is important and teaches spacial concepts and eye-hand coordination .
Hand scans are as unique as fingerprints, but virtually impossible to copy.
Hand signs are a major method of non-verbal communication between both allied and rival gangs.
Hand signals are a courtesy and an important part of safe bicycling.
Hand signals are appropriate when manoeuvering in traffic.
Hand signals are difficult to see at night.
Hand signals are essential for quiet and effective communication.
Hand signals are preferred and commonly used.
Hand signals are the method of communicating on an airship crew.
Hand signals are very effective ways of communicating with a deaf dog.
Hand signals can be effective if kept within a small area.
Hand signals can communicate without the use of any speech.
Hand signals can prevent accidents and save time.
Hand signals replace TV remote.
Hand soap is used as a pesticide in everyday life to control germs.
Hand soaps are only acidic enough to remove unwanted skin oils .
Hand soaps are only acidic enough to remove unwanted skin oils.
Hand spinners comprise the single largest direct or specialty market for fleece wool.
Hand spinners love llama fiber.
Many hand spinners feel very strongly one way or the other.
Hand spinning is very relaxing and quite protable.
Hand strength improves.
Hand surgeons are surgeons.
Hand surgeons use it to replace small joints and in tendon reconstruction.
Many hand surgeons recommend carpal tunnel release surgery without hesitation.
Most hand surgeons allow patients to choose the treatment of their ganglion.
Hand surgery encompasses all aspects of upper extremity surgery.
Hand surgery is part of the practice of general surgery, orthopaedic surgery, and plastic surgery.
Hand therapy is recommended to loosen scar tissue and increase mobility.
A hand tool is a tool
Hand tool is intended for arbitrary moving throughout the project field.
Hand tools allow the fire fighter to mix in dirt, cutting off oxygen to the fire.
Hand tools are another frequently used item around the lab.
Hand tools are available for use by students.
Hand tools are non-powered including everything from axes to wrenches.
Hand tools are our best-known program.
Hand tools are the norm.
Hand tools are the only permitted devices for clam harvesting.
Hand tools are tools.
Hand tools evolve more slowly, but evolve they do, as experience continues to accumulate.
Hand tools have their glamorous cousins, too.
Hand tools offer excellent examples of machines.
Most hand tools are sufficient to a point.
Some hand tools are very ancient.
Hand training is hard, but keep hold of at it.
Hand transplants expand frontiers.
A hand truck is a cart
Hand trucks designed to move chairs make that work a lot easier.
Hand washing can reduce the spread of antibiotic-resistant infection.
Hand washing helps prevent the spread of viruses and bacteria that can cause diarrhea.
Hand washing helps to prevent the spread of disease.
Hand washing is a very simple, inexpensive way to prevent the transmission of infection.
Hand washing is advised after handling such treats.
Hand washing is always a great line of defense against any and all viruses.
Hand washing is an essential part of home and community hygiene.
Hand washing is an important part of keeping healthy.
Hand washing is an important way to prevent the spread of infection in hospitals.
Hand washing is certainly the best way to ensure maximum life span of all printed T-shirts.
Hand washing is critical to avoid spreading the germ.
Hand washing is difficult.
Hand washing is emphasized more and more in hospitals now in order to prevent the spread of genns.
Hand washing is emphasized.
Hand washing is essential.
Hand washing is good for a lot of things.
Hand washing is helpful, but there is no treatment.
Hand washing is important because it reduces the spread of germs from one person to the next.
Hand washing is important.
Hand washing is just the first step in the war against the common cold.
Hand washing is key to reduce passing it on to others.
Hand washing is mandatory after cleaning an animal habitat.
Hand washing is more important.
Hand washing is most suitable for delicate scarves like silk and chiffons.
Hand washing is ok too.
Hand washing is one of the best ways to prevent the spread of foodborne illness.
Hand washing is one of the most important procedures for the prevention of transmission.
Hand washing is one of the most important ways to prevent infection.
Hand washing is only one step to ensure food safety.
Hand washing is optimal.
Hand washing is our most important preventive procedure.
Hand washing is possible if mild soap and lukewarm water is used.
Hand washing is recommended before and after applying imiquimod cream.
Hand washing is recommended before and after using the bathroom and before meals.
Hand washing is recommended even if gloves are worn.
Hand washing is recommended for the stainless steel serving pieces.
Hand washing is recommended.
Hand washing is required prior to serving food, preparing food, and after visiting the restroom.
Hand washing is required.
Hand washing is something far too many people fail to do.
Hand washing is the best line of defense against germs that are spread by touching.
Hand washing is the best method of prevention.
Hand washing is the best prevention.
Hand washing is the best way to limit the spread of germs.
Hand washing is the best way to prevent cross contamination and food poisoning.
Hand washing is the best way to prevent spread of diarrhea.
Hand washing is the main control measure in preventing cross infection.
Hand washing is the main focus because bacteria move easily from hands to food.
Hand washing is the main way to keep the common cold from happening .
Hand washing is the main way to keep the common cold from happening.
Hand washing is the most effective and obvious method of preventing the spread of disease.
Hand washing is the most effective way of reducing the transmission of communicable disease.
Hand washing is the most important factor regarding infection control.
Hand washing is the most important line of defense against the spread of infectious disease.
Hand washing is the most important measure.
Hand washing is the most important way to prevent infection.
Hand washing is the simplest, most effective way to keep from catching a cold.
Hand washing is the single most effective means of controlling the spread of infection.
Hand washing is the single most effective method to prevent the spread of infection.
Hand washing is the single most effective way to prevent the spread of infections.
Hand washing is the single most important factor in preventing infection.
Hand washing is the single most important means of preventing the spread of infection.
Hand washing is the single most important procedure for preventing infections.
Hand washing is the single most important way to prevent the spread of germs.
Hand washing keeps it fresh, soft, clean and looking like new.
Hand washing needs to be emphasized as a tool in the prevention of the spread of illness.
Hand washing prevents lots of new disease .
Hand washing prevents lots of new disease.
Hand washing prevents the spread of bacteria.
Hand washing prevents the spread of infections.
Hand washing remains a cornerstone of infection prevention and control.
Hand washing removes both the blood and disease causing bacteria including tuberculosis.
Hand washing removes transient microorganisms that hitchhike on the skin.
Hand washing softens the feel of the linen which is sometimes preferred.
Hand washing takes place before all meals, and everyone brushes their teeth after meals.
Hand washings is behaviour.
Hand washings is used for good etiquette.
Hand washings use nearly twice the amount of water than professional car washes.
Hand weights can boost caloric expenditure, but can also lead to muscle soreness or injury.
Some hand weights are okay.
Hand wheel controls the conveyor table for working thickness adjustment.
Hand wounds are usually more serious than wounds elsewhere.
Hand wrap is a safeguard against shifting while the trailer is on the road.
A hand is an extremity
Hand approach down few fifty whether blow nike basketball shoes for sale.
Hand baiting involves dropping poisonous baits into the underground runways.
Hand blend the rest of the ingredients and mix thoroughly.
Hand blown glass works include vases, bowls, goblets and sculptures.
Hand brazing the hoop and prong on back of the belt buckles insures a permanent attachment.
Hand brushes forehead skin.
Hand carry any sensitive or proprietary information.
Hand carry cash receipts and deposit tickets to the designated bank.
Hand carry if necessary.
Hand carry or attach to bike or boat with quick release attachment.
Hand carry the application or mail it.
Hand carry the approved requisition to Purchasing.
Hand carry the bid, if at all possible.
Hand carry valuables and prescription medicines.
Hand carved basket is filled with assorted colorful seasonal fruits.
Hand carved saddles are usually quite expensive.
Hand carving gives depth and texture while wood burned design adds striking contrasts.
Hand caught fish are usually more lively and therefore better for tagging.
Hand check the pairs of documents that come out near the top of the list.
Hand children the offering plate rather than passing it over their heads.
Hand choose well weathered sculptural rocks for they are the heart of a well designed landscape.
Hand claps at 'b'.
Hand condoms out.
Hand controls both sold and installed.
Hand copy the first two paragraphs of the article.
Hand copy the material from a worksheet onto a blank grid.
Hand count some votes.
Hand counting ballots in only a few, carefully chosen counties is a sure way to bias the results.
Hand counting ballots means human error, as well as allowing for the possibility of human bias.
Hand counting the way it is being done in Florida violates basic procedural due process.
Hand counts .
Hand crafted afghans are also available.
Hand crafted cart is detailed just like a real one with canopy, bench seat, and steering wheel.
Hand crafted gift certificates provide that personal touch.
Hand crush the whole tomatoes and add to pot.
Hand crushed potatoes are added at the end.
Hand deliver documents and cartons to other units on campus.
Hand deliver if necessary.
Hand deliver newsletters quarterly to all participants.
Hand deliver or call and email press release to local media outlets.
Hand deliver or mail the required number of copies on or before the funder's deadline.
Hand deliver or send the letter by certified mail, and keep a copy of the letter.
Hand deliver or send.
Hand deliver or use a one-day delivery service courier.
Hand deliver single items or folders.
Hand delivers important documents.
Hand dispensing from syringes is ideal for smaller production runs.
Hand draw a detailed diagram of the cow's eye, label and color it.
Hand draw two maps, one of Russia and one of a former USSR state.
Hand drawing ability is required as is an interest in exquisite detailing.
Hand drawn art works are perfect to hang or for to tattoo designs.
Hand drawn batiks, which are called tulis batiks, are examples of the finest batik work.
Hand drawn designs are acceptable only if they are clearly legible and scaled.
Hand drawn diagrams are also acceptable if they are legible and precise.
Hand drawn diagrams illustrate basic mycology concepts.
Hand drawn figures are only acceptable if they are inked and very professional.
Hand drawn figures pasted into the report are acceptable.
Hand drawn maps, reservations and itineraries are quickly prepared for guests.
Hand dryers New installation Call service desk.
Hand duotangs in for marking.
Hand dyeing gives a depth of texture and color unavailable in commercially dyed yarns and fibers.
Hand editing many files, looking for many instances of a change to be made is prone to mistakes.
Hand emerges from under covers, hits snooze.
Hand ends up about level with right knee.
Hand enter from from under the body to move the mouth.
Hand enter near one breast cancer prevention.
Hand enter on underside of body to control head.
Hand enter through the body to move head and mouth.
Hand enter via chest to control head and mouth.
Hand enters through under part of body and moves mouth.
Hand enters up from below to control head and mouth.
Hand enters up through body so fingers can move mouth and wings.
Hand enters via under the body.
Hand exercises for strength and accuracy.
Hand express a tiny bit of milk before attempting to put the baby to the breast.
Hand express some milk to soften the areola after using moist heat.
Hand expressing breastmilk take a lot of time, practice, and most of all patience.
Hand expressing is a learned art.
Hand extends, with a snap drops a petite square of sandwich.
Hand falls asleep at night, tingling feeling in the hand.
Hand fed babies are extremely tame.
Hand fed babies are weaned onto sprouted seed as their first food, along with millet sprays.
Hand fed babies can make poor breeders or parents.
Hand fed deer lose their fear of humans and become easy prey for poachers.
Hand feed a wild crocodile.
Hand feed any orphaned puppies.
Hand feed our magnificent cassowaries, pat our dingos, koalas and sugar gliders.
Hand feed the friendly animals.
Hand feed the herd of horses and cattle as they approach the wagon.
Hand feed the new diet for the first few days.
Hand feed the Southern stingrays while snorkeling the turquoise waters of Grand Cayman.
Hand feed the wildlife.
Hand feeding the chickadees at the waterfall in winter is an enjoyable experience.
Hand finishing and pressing follows with extreme care taken to follow the designers lines and drape.
Hand fits giving so do it.
Hand fits in the body to move head and paws.
Hand fits into the torso to move legs and head.
Hand fits through body.
Hand fits through the body.
Hand fits up through the body to control the head.
Hand fits up through the body.
Hand fits up through the box to control the puppet.
Hand fits up through the underside to move the head.
Hand flattens out with palm up.
Hand follows ball to target.
Hand follows through in the direction of the roll.
Hand gather each hem and glue to doll pin at pencil mark.
Hand gather one open end.
Hand goes in underside and controls the mouth.
Hand goes in, pellets come out.
Hand goes through the body to control head and front paws.
Hand goes through the body to control the head and front paws.
Hand goes through the body to control the head and upper paws.
Hand goes through the body to control the head and wings.
Hand goes through the body.
Hand held calculators are an everyday tool that people use in every walk of life.
Hand held scanners are cheap and basicly obsolete.
Hand held scanners are cheapest but are also the most difficult to acheive good results with.
Hand held scanners produce pretty bad quality scans to boot.
Hand held sprayers are ideal or use a regular pump type of sprayer.
Hand held units are available with either a fixed action or massage action spray.
Hand held units can do it.
Hand holding during the visit is also permissible.
Hand holding or kissing in public can cause embarrassment or offence in some countries.
Hand holds and overhangs allow participants to dial up or down the challenge.
Hand holds on the overhead.
Hand holds range in size, shape, and color to vary the ease or difficulty of the routes.
Hand is open as in nukite , wrist bent back.
Hand is quite readable and better than average.
Hand is tough to get.
Hand isa body part.
Hand knit in Bolivia, they are accented with handsome South American designs.
Hand knit on circular needles, so there are no seams.
Hand knit top is an open weave.
Hand knitting shop offers yarns, patterns, kits, and a newsletter.
Hand laid track, when done carefully, can result in far fewer derailment problems.
Hand lettering with brush and pen is explored.
Hand lives on James Island only a half-mile from The Reef, a bar in the county that stays open late.
Hand lubricate the link shaft connection, Part No.
Hand make redwood signs for home and business.
Hand matched mortise and tenon joints add to the strength and durability of the door.
Hand moves away from forehead and fingers and thumb come together.
Hand moves head and paws.
Hand optimize the most critical sections for absolute performance.
Hand overlays paste on targets to change scenario.
Hand packaged, includes lyrics booklet.
Hand painted armoires can be custom designed for any room or decor.
Hand painted design is on all four sides.
Hand painted flowers decorate the front of the bottle.
Hand painted pot is perfect for serving hot or cold beverages.
Hand pick adult beetles .
Hand pick adult beetles.
Hand pick frequently.
Hand pick infested leaves.
Hand pick off beetles.
Hand pick the critters off, and try putting metal copper barriers around raised vegetable beds.
Hand pick the larger ones loose in the evening.
Hand picking and destroying the pests is an effective method.
Hand picking prior to carding is recommended.
Hand pinnies over to the player that is tagged and use their ball to dribble.
Hand plans to rediscover golf and perhaps resume lawn bowls.
Hand pounding grain and pulses at home is gone by one generation ago.
Hand powered alternatives are available for all the pureeing, slicing and grating.
Hand prints all over the paper is fun too.
Hand prints lithographic editions to the highest standards of quality.
Hand pruning opens up the trees to allow more sunlight into the center.
Hand pruning shears are of many kinds.
Hand pull any escaped weeds before they go to seed.
Hand pull as much as possible, particularly the runners.
Hand pull individual plants however large populations are extremely difficult to control.
Hand pull seedlings if possible.
Hand pull weeds close to the plants to avoid damaging the roots of the okra.
Hand pull weeds in the row.
Hand pull weeds, especially before seeds are produced.
Hand pull young plants.
Hand pulling is a never-ending event because the prostrate stem easily breaks at each rooted joint.
Hand pulling is easy and selective weed control can be accomplished.
Hand pulling is effective on small infestations.
Hand pulling is labour intensive and is best used for small infested areas.
Hand pulling is one control option.
Hand pulling is probably the most effective method.
Hand pulling is recommended if there are but a few plants.
Hand pulling is the most effective method of controlling small infestations.
Hand pulling is the only other recommended option.
Hand pulling is therefore essential for by far.
Hand pulling or digging is effective only if the entire root is removed.
Hand pulling small infestations is effective.
Hand pulling smaller seedlings works well too.
Hand pulling weeds is effective on smaller plantings.
Hand pumps for drinking and washing water.
Hand pumps for lubrication.
Hand pumps in all three campgrounds provide potable water.
Hand puppets with moving mouths.
Hand quilting generally has a longer turn-around than machine quilting.
Hand rails in teak.
Hand reach deep into the heart and soul.
Hand rearing chicks takes time and the right equipment.
Hand remove annual weeds before they seed, and remember to remove the roots of perennials.
Hand remove by shaking the infested branch over a pail of soapy water.
Hand rhymes with sand, land, and tanned.
Hand roll extra dough into several long strips and crisscross over pie.
Hand rubbing any polish can damage painted decoration or trim.
Hand scrape the entire area behind the hacks and stone areas.
Hand scrub larger items with the solution.
Hand selected slats are kiln-dried to insure wood stability.
Hand sew a gather ing stitch close to fold.
Hand sew a running stitch down the center of the wings.
Hand sew a small piece of white fabric into a small pouch, leaving the open.
Hand sew hands with whip stitch .
Hand sew plastic rings to the outer edges of pockets.
Hand sew sleeve to back of quilt.
Hand sew to back of dog.
Hand sew white pompoms on to make dandelions that have gone to seed.
Hand shaking can even fall into the catagory of ungodly touching.
Hand shows up after ped man disappears.
Hand sign each letter.
Hand sign the letter above the typed signature.
Hand slipstitch the lining in position along the bottom and both sides.
Hand spend without no salt how beat meida bashing.
Hand spraying attachments also are available for spot spraying.
Hand squeeze off liquid.
Hand stamp the envelopes.
Hand stitch several inches below the arm hole.
Hand stop rail is optional.
Hand stretching each batch is the only way to get consistently thin peanut brittle.
Hand submit to each directory and engine manually one at a time.
Hand symbolizes a pledge of faith, sincerity, and justice.
Hand symbolizes action.
Hand takes out foot.
Hand teach Darkness despite tray around lots auto dealer likewise sort beneath no product.
Hand thrown grenades are also present and standard issue.
Hand tighten the bottle caps.
Hand tighten the compression nut.
Hand tighten the copper pipe sections only.
Hand tighten the head cover bolts.
Hand tighten the hex nut to where it was located before adding the thread locker.
Hand tighten the lower hardware.
Hand tighten the nut until the blades are almost difficult to open, then back it off a little.
Hand tighten the packing nut, then tighten it another half-turn.
Hand tighten the silver washer and tighten the gold washer with a wrench.
Hand tooled designs are available.
Hand trimming still needs to be performed.
Hand wash a dirty harness in cool water with a mild soap.
Hand wash all fabrics.
Hand wash each individual piece of silver.
Hand wash it in cool water using a mild soap.
Hand wash more delicate items in our smooth porcelain baskets than in a small sink.
Hand wash several items at the same time.
Hand wash single garments.
Hand wash the bundle in mild soap and warm water to remove chemicals, oil or dirt.
Hand wash the car instead of driving through the car wash.
Hand wash the finished piece with a mild soap and iron dry.
Hand wash the shell only.
Hand wash the support in cold water with mild detergent.
Hand wash with mild soap and lukewarm water, rinse thoroughly and air dry.
Hand watering often leads to run-off as water is applied faster than it can soak in to the soil.
Hand watering using a hose is permitted any time.
Hand watering with a hose is ok only on the regularly assigned day.
Hand watering with a hose is one of the most inefficient ways to water gardens.
Hand waving crowds and numerous natural bumps on the course add to the excitement.
Hand waving forward go ahead.
Hand weeding at any time is better than killing off everything with chemicals.
Hand whisk the yolks in a stainless steel bowl.
Hand winding an automatic when it is fully wound is unnecessary and the most likely to cause wear.
Hand woven baskets make meaningful gifts for friends, family, and co-workers.
Hand wrist cumulative disorders in industry.
Hand wrist cumulative trauma disorders in industry.
Hand write answers using the links provided.
Hand write one and leave it at the welcome table.
Hand write or print the message on plain paper or type up and print out the poem or saying.
Hand write or send a personal greeting card.
Hand write or type a cover letter.
Hand write or type the address on the envelope.
Hand write rather than just computerize.
Hand write the address on the envelope .
Hand write the teasers on the front of each envelope.
Hand writes note on back of envelope indicating address and phone number on resume has changed.
Hand written articles look sloppy and detract from the finished product.
Hand written charts are tedious to create and hard to read.
Hand written cover letters usually make a bigger impact with the college coach.
Hand written forms are non-standard.
Hand written forms give poor impression.
Hand written gift notes are available upon request.
Hand written information is unacceptable.
Hand written is a last resort.
Hand written is best.
Hand written letters are best.
Hand written letters can be most effective.
Hand written notes and comments are unacceptable.
Hand written superbills or reports can be difficult to decipher.
Hand written text runs around the bean names.
Hands appear holding a broom, sweep every last on off.
Hands appear to be above average.
Hands are a concern.
Hands are ability.
Hands are aid.
Hands are also the immediate servants of the brain.
Hands are an a frequent carrier of bacteria.
Hands are an intimate symbolism of trust.
Hands are appendages.
Hands are applause.
Hands are as essential to watches as they are to humans.
Hands are at a higher horizontal plane than the feet.
Hands are at a lower horizontal plane than the feet.
Hands are beautiful like bloomed lotus flower.
Hands are behind the head to help support the head and neck.
Hands are body parts.
Hands are broad with opposable thumb.
Hands are busy interacting with other parts of the body and with the umbilical cord.
Hands are busy with knitting as eyes gaze off into the distance.
Hands are capable of hands.
Hands are capable of sign language.
Hands are capable of writes.
Hands are collections.
Hands are common carriers of germs.
Hands are different from the other limbs of the body.
Hands are dirty.
Hands are down touching the ice, but ever so lightly.
Hands are easier to layer than feet.
Hands are especially vulnerable to winter weather.
Hands are essential for protection, balance and prevention of serious falls.
Hands are everywhere, trying to stem the flow of blood.
Hands are expressive of our feelings.
Hands are extremities.
Hands are faster and waste less bedding.
Hands are flexible signifiers, culture-bound yet universal.
Hands are for saying hello.
Hands are fragile, essential to our lives, and prone to injury in crashes.
Hands are free from hymnals to be lifted or clapped, and bodies often sway.
Hands are gesturing, there's even laughter.
Hands are gold toned.
Hands are great carriers of germs.
Hands are guardianship.
Hands are hell to draw.
Hands are holders.
Hands are important, soft on the face or at the back of the neck below the hairline.
Hands are important.
Hands are in a fist with palms facing forward.
Hands are in demand to harvest it.
Hands are in fists.
Hands are in front of the center of the chest in a tent.
Hands are in front, protecting the body.
Hands are in question.
Hands are inside of knees and knees are inside of feet.
Hands are kept out to the side to maintain balance.
Hands are large and broad, with rectangular or square palms and short, thick fingers.
Hands are like hooks with long, narrow palms, long curved fingers, and no thumb.
Hands are likely to be washed and clothes changed.
Hands are located in gloves.
Hands are located in pockets.
Hands are long, slender and prehensile with curved phalanges.
Hands are massaged and soothed with a moisturizing, heated treatment.
Hands are massaged with a soothing blend of essential oils to rebalance and heal.
Hands are massaged with moisterizing lotion.
Hands are massaged with oil and placed in warming mitts.
Hands are more often involved than feet.
Hands are next in order of serious injury.
Hands are no exception.
Hands are often the first thing people turn to to fulfil their desires.
Hands are often the first things a patient sees.
Hands are on the grips in front.
Hands are on their according side.
Hands are one of the best vehicles for transmitting disease.
Hands are only so-so.
Hands are our tools in healing, comforting, loving and creating.
Hands are out.
Hands are overrated, they say.
Hands are part of arms.
Hands are part of bodies.
Hands are part of homos.
Hands are part of humans.
Hands are particularly vulnerable instruments for reading the world.
Hands are place on the body over the clothing without pressure or rubbing.
Hands are pointers.
Hands are probably the most common vehicle for the transmission of communicable diseases.
Hands are questionable, as is ability to catch ball in traffic . . .
Hands are really cool.
Hands are sailors.
Hands are shaky at times.
Hands are short and broad and deviated because of the ulnar shortness.
Hands are short and their lower parts are incomplete.
Hands are short with stubby fingers.
Hands are shoulder-width apart.
Hands are sides.
Hands are silver with luminous centers.
Hands are small.
Hands are smooth, more youthful and protected from the environment.
Hands are solid but needs to become more physical.
Hands are solid, but route-running skills are just adequate.
Hands are solid, can snatch and shows concentration.
Hands are somewhat inconsistent.
Hands are somewhat necessary to move the butt, if it's a really tight squeeze.
Hands are stiff claws.
Hands are still apart.
Hands are still on guns.
Hands are still the most lethal weapons in the hospital.
Hands are still.
Hands are symbol of beauty as well as messengers of sentiments.
Hands are symbols of human service and communicators of the healing potential within.
Hands are the common standard of measurement for horses.
Hands are the human appendages most commonly associated with juggling.
Hands are the immediate servant of the brain.
Hands are the most important mechanism for transmitting viruses.
Hands are the most potent stimulus there is.
Hands are the original kitchen implement.
Hands are the practical expression of our relationships.
Hands are the second most important feature.
Hands are the tool of the painter, the artist.
Hands are the transportation of choice for cold germs.
Hands are to be dried with clean paper towels.
Hands are to be washed throughly before class begins to eliminate the smell of smoke in class.
Hands are to be washed when gloves are changed or removed on completion of work.
Hands are to clap, noses to blow, legs to leap, and on they go.
Hands are under the buttocks with fist clenched to support the lower back.
Hands are under the buttocks with fists clenched to support the lower back.
Hands are unique.
Hands are useful tools.
Hands are velvety smooth, nourished, and beautiful.
Hands are VERY red, puffy and dry.
Hands are very sore.
Hands are very stiff, lacking that natural ability to intercept the ball.
Hands are visibly softer and smoother.
Hands are wonderful gifts.
Hands Ask the children if they like to eat pancakes.
Hands attach to wrists, wrists to elbows, and so on, while other objects float freely.
Hands become birds, lyrical and free.
Hands become bodies, and yet still remain hands.
Hands become numb and useless.
Hands can also reveal occupation.
Hands can be a little erratic at times.
Hands can be a meaningful way to judge character as through a caress, a handshake or a gesture.
Hands can be in several different positions depending on abdominal strength.
Hands can be soft or strong.
Hands can become exceedingly cold, clammy and wet from excessive sweating.
Hands can carry remote control, donut and chips pretty easily and duff can too.
Hands can easily give one's age away.
Hands can either be on the floor or grasping the legs of the chair.
Hands can grasp.
Hands can heal, but they can also kill.
Hands can hold and use an invisible prop that becomes real in the imagination of the audience.
Hands can hurt and tingle at the end of a long day's work.
Hands can look like spiders.
Hands can remain on the wheel and eyes on the road.
Hands can tickle the ivories and tickle a loved one.
Hands carry some weight but mainly serve to control gears.
Hands clap occasionally.
Hands clap on almost every second and fourth beat.
Hands clap overhead.
Hands clasp the rope like steel clamps .
Hands come in contact with lots of contaminated objects through the day.
Hands come into chest as left foot scoots in to meet right foot.
Hands come into contact.
Hands come together at the palms and the pose is held while slowly exhaling.
Hands come together.
Hands contain natural oils that, over time, damage art objects.
Hands continue till only one player has any pennies left, and that player is the winner.
Hands continue to shake.
Hands cross at the wrists and the top hand brushes back from the thumb of the lower hand.
Hands demonstrate cortical tunneling, juxtarticular erosions, and carpal cysts.
Hands do everything.
Hands do get pretty nasty.
Hands draw back the cloud like curtains from the sun.
Hands eagerly extend upward to point out the next error to be corrected.
Hands easily keep a firm grip on the textured handle and rubber-padded steering wheel.
Hands emerge feeling soothed and softened.
Hands express much that is unavailable in the realm of word, image or sound.
Hands express the inner man.
Hands fall lifelessly.
Hands feel and look clean, smell clean and natural.
Hands feel great - warm and dry and consistently that way today.
Hands feel silky soft.
Hands feel smooth and fresh.
Hands feel stiff in the morning.
Hands figuratively wrap loved ones in a warm embrace in the form of the quilt.
Hands flailing wildly diminishes effectiveness.
Hands float through space spelling away while players try to type the letters.
Hands fly into the air.
Hands fly up throughout the auditorium.
Hands fly up.
Hands follow the ball.
Hands follow the horse's head and neck motion, particularly when jumping.
Hands fondle the three-fingered foot.
Hands free automatic incoming call answering.
Hands free ready.
Hands frighten some birds.
Hands get attention.
Hands get cold and fingers get numb and contents sometimes blow away in the wind.
Hands get dirty planting a tree or making paper.
Hands get numb very quickly.
Hands give with the ball.
Hands glow in the dark.
Hands go around the dial only once a day.
Hands go berserk and start attacking their owners.
Hands go cold when wet or chilled.
Hands go down to the knees, then jerk up to the top of the trousers.
Hands go forward back forward and up to the chest, away chest away swing down.
Hands go skyward.
Hands go up around the circle.
Hands go up around the classroom.
Hands go up quickly.
Hands go up.
Hands grip on to the edge of a black casket.
Hands grip strongly.
Hands grow numb just taking the booties off the dogs.
Hands grow numb.
Hands guide the blade into the water.
Hands hang about one third down between the crotch and the knees.
Hands hang comfortably with one hand on either side of the snowboard.
Hands have (part) corpi.
Hands have (part) fingernails.
Hands have (part) fingers.
Hands have (part) fingertips.
Hands have (part) knuckles.
Hands have (part) pads.
Hands have (part) palms.
Hands have fingers.
Hands have large representation in both the primary motor and somatosensory cortex.
Hands have long fingers.
Hands have luminous centers.
Hands have power.
Hands have thumbs.
Hands have to reach out, to grab and to feel - without any reassurance concerning the consequences.
Hands held in a ring, all four dancers take two steps forward and two back.
Hands hold hands.
Hands hold the bat softly at the top of the strike zone.
Hands holding a chain with a broken link symbolizes the death of a family member.
Hands holding keys spread between the fingers, ready to attack, to strike, scratch, maim.
Hands illustrate the act of teaching, the labor of the field, and the work of prayer.
Hands is a measure of skills.
Hands is a page of hands in various positions.
Hands is a really great little book.
Hands is highly recommended.
Hands join, unjoin in love and fear, grief and joy.
Hands lead the ball through impact.
Hands let hands trigrams, unfurling a cloth elvin.
Hands lie in the lap palms upward, open, and overlapping.
Hands lift one at a time.
Hands lifted in joy are unencumbered with sin.
Hands Listen to the song Hands .
Hands look blue and veins distended after washing in cold water.
Hands look visibly smoother in just twelve weeks.
Hands lunge in the dark.
Hands make a great palette and present endless design possibilities.
Hands Make a tight fist and hold.
Hands make great reindeer antlers, angel wings, chicks, bunnies, turkeys, and butterflies.
Hands move from pockets to waist, and back to pockets in impatient succession.
Hands move in a straight line to and from the flywheel.
Hands move in a straight line.
Hands move, head moves, arms move. . . .
Hands never go up.
Hands never have to touch the bait.
Hands never idle.
Hands now be still.
Hands -on general physical science for inservice teachers.
Hands on is the best approach.
Hands on is the best way to learn fast.
Hands on is the best way to learn.
Hands on is the best way.
Hands on is the only way in food.
Hands -on supervisory experience establishing technology systems.
Hands open most of the time.
Hands phone back.
Hands pierce the air.
Hands play an important part of worship.
Hands play in wonder, exploring the puzzle of living.
Hands poised to click, a roomful of teens focus their attention on their computer monitors.
Hands pull the curtains of a steaming window.
Hands push out from underfoot and caskets of the undead usually follow.
Hands raise no higher than shoulders and hang limp with fingers pointing to the ground.
Hands rapidly become numb and useless.
Hands reach out and arms draw buddies close.
Hands reach out to guide our every step.
Hands reach out to touch the child.
Hands reach out, trembling like black sparrows.
Hands remain joined.
Hands remaining in a fixed position cause fingers to over-reach for the keys.
Hands remove the horn from an ox.
Hands represent the act of helping.
Hands represent two oceanic plates, and thumbs represent magma.
Hands require smaller grips and bodies require appropriately placed railings on platforms.
Hands rest lightly on the thighs.
Hands rest on tops.
Hands retract to reveal all manner of brushes and welding tools.
Hands seek space on the cradle.
Hands settle gently on the rounder of two stomachs.
Hands shoot into the air.
Hands shoot up across the room.
Hands shoot up furiously.
Hands shoot up like fire.
Hands shoot up when the children are asked about parents who work multiple jobs.
Hands shoot up when they are done.
Hands shoot up.
Hands shoulder high, palms out, bleeding, seated on a rainbow.
Hands shoulder width apart.
Hands slam down on the start buttons and engines whine as the race is off .
Hands slash through the air like switchblades.
Hands speak as loudly as any words.
Hands speak worlds about capability.
Hands spread bacteria, too.
Hands spread in protecting, embracing way over the slumped, ragged shoulders.
Hands start to sort the tangled mess.
Hands stay ahead of the ball at address and follow through.
Hands stay cool and fresh rather than hot and sweaty like when using leather gloves.
Hands stay cool and fresh.
Hands stay in position.
Hands stay on the shoulders, and simply switch sides.
Hands stay smooth.
Hands stay warm and dry without sacrificing shifting and breaking dexterity.
Hands stay warm because they stay dry.
Hands still count.
Hands still tend to be inconsistent.
Hands sway side to side gracefully palms forward.
Hands sweep the clock, cars the freeways.
Hands tap the backs of heads.
Hands then follow to prove the point.
Hands touch bottles.
Hands touch each other.
Hands touch hands.
Hands touch mouths.
Hands touch nothing real.
Hands touch surfaces.
Hands touch the floor and then go right into the mouth.
Hands touch the floor in front of feet, between feet, and behind feet in a bouncing motion.
Hands touch water bottles.
Hands turn blue or flush erratically.
Hands twist forward twice, then flatten, palms facing each other and drop together down the body.
Hands Use whole of hand sponging action, through both hands.
Hands wash or dry clean.
Hands work together forming a melody which outlines the chords.
Hands always tell breeding.
Hands Always use both hands when passing an object to another person.
Hands often serve as a means of viral exchange.
Hands sometimes seem to be alive by themselves.
All hand dyed yarns shrink a little in the dyeing and washing out process.
All hand made - nothing is stamped out.
All hands are a bit frustrated, waiting for the floodwaters to recede.
All hands are back on board.
All hands are engaged upon it.
All hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
All hands are now at the fourth and final gate for the night.
All hands are on board.
All hands are on deck at the moment.
All hands are on deck, working unitedly to reach the unreached.
All hands are responsible for safety.
All hands are safe.
All hands are welcome to porting and port testing.
All hands are welcome, with no contribution to the effort considered as too small.
All hands are welcome.
All hands are winnable and, since all cards are visible, it's all a matter of logic and strategy.
All hands are winnable.
All hands can feel pride of accomplishment in a job well done.
All hands go up.
All hands grin.
All hands hang on.
All hands lend their hands using shovels and metal sand mats to keep the truck moving.
All hands look out below here s a change in the status quo.
All hands look out below, here's a change in the status quo.
All hands make preparations for sea.
All hands perish.
All hands pull their weight on deck, in the galley, and in provisioning before the trip.
All hands rise.
All hands sit down to a nice, early morning dinner just before chaos breaks loose.
All hands stand motionless, peering into the haze.
All hands welcome and much appreciated.
All hands xept the lookout called on deck to witniss our last fairwell to our pore shipmate.
Every hand blown glass pipe is a unique work of art.
Every hand can be played three different ways, so be careful.
Every hand crafted product is made in small batches using the finest quality materials available.
Every hand drops a shadow - for more realistic look of the clock.
Every hand drops.
Every hand goes up.
Every hand has a unique best play.
Every hand is different, and every round is a new event.
Every hand wears a birth-seal.
Every hand's a winner, and every hand's a loser.
Many hand held meters can take either type of reading.
Many hands do make light work.
Many hands keep our grounds looking so nice.
Many hands lighten the load.
Many hands lighten the task for all.
Many hands make a hard job seem easy.
Many hands make a light work.
Many hands make big jobs small ones.
Many hands make community work light and fun.
Many hands make fast work.
Many hands make for light work, so please try to bring a friend.
Many hands make for light work.
Many hands make lice work.
Many hands make light the work.
Many hands make light work - please try to come and help out.
Many hands make light work .
Many hands make light work and no one does it all alone.
Many hands make light work and the snow was soon cleared from the patch of ice.
Many hands make light work -it is extremely important that everyone pitch in.
Many hands make light work let s all pitch in.
Many hands make light work of a heavy load.
Many hands make light work on many bikes.
Many hands make light work, and therefore everybody helps to brighten up the neighbourhood.
Many hands make light work, and they bring better ideas to the table.
Many hands make light work, as the saying goes.
Many hands make light work, during the labor-intensive harvest season.
Many hands make light work, except when it comes to teaching.
Many hands make light work, sort of.
Many hands make light work, strengthen family bonds and generate fun.
Many hands make light work, the old saying goes.
Many hands make light work.
Many hands make little work.
Many hands make the load lighter.
Many hands make the work fun.
Many hands make the workload light.
Many hands make work light, something for everyone to do.
Many hands make work light.
Many hands shoot up.
Many hands spoil the broth.
Many Hands Together Make Small Work Explore the world of young children.
Many hands working together are always stronger than a few working in self-interest.
More hands are always welcome on the serving teams because of the short-notice of the work.
More hands can make that work easier.
More hands definitely makes lighter work.
More hands flash up.
More hands go up.
More hands make a big job easier.
More hands make less work.
More hands make the task more enjoyable.
More hands make the work easier, and add to the fun.
More hands make writing a wikipedia light work.
More hands mean more interesting meetings and more hands at the plane wash.
More hands shoot up.
Most hand held meters require that the reading be taken at a fixed distance from the object.
Most hands agree the land tax advances conversion to the higher use.
Most hands come into contact.
Most hands get attention.
Most hands go up.
Most hands have fingers.
Most hands have long fingers.
Most hands have only one obvious correct play.
Most hands have power.
Most hands have thumbs.
Most hands hold hands.
Most hands rest on tops.
Most hands touch bottles.
Most hands touch hands.
Most hands touch water bottles.
Some hand written structures and figures are okay.
Some hands are behind backs.
Some hands are near throats.
Some hands are part of arms.
Some hands are part of bodies.
Some hands are part of humanity.
Some hands are part of humans.
Some hands are slender, manicured and bejeweled, others square, strong and brown.
Some hands are smooth and soft as a baby's bottom, and still take it all for granted.
Some hands are so practiced and make such elegant lines, and others are so raw.
Some hands conduct electricity.
Some hands conduct heat.
Some hands cover eyes.
Some hands feed parrots.
Some hands have claws.
Some hands have distinct smell.
Some hands have large claws.
Some hands have musky smell.
Some hands have sensors to detect temperature.
Some hands have stripes.
Some hands help apes.
Some hands move clockwise and others move counter clockwise.
Some hands pick up snakes.
Some hands put the catch quickly into pail or creel.
Some hands require hospital treatments.
Some hands require treatments.
Some hands require use.
Some hands show lots of little x's or crosses in the palm along with many tiny lines.
Some hands support heads.
Some hands touch hearts.
A handbag is a container
Handbag comes with a dustbag.
Handbag isa container.
Handbags are available as well.
Handbags are bags.
Handbags are exempt.
Handbags are in the crocodile product category.
Handbags are like shoes.
Handbags are located in department stores.
Handbags are located in shops.
Handbags are located in stores.
Handbags are purses.
Handbags are the traditional oval design.
Handbags are used for personal effects.
Handbags are used for personal items.
Handbags have (part) sections.
Handbags missing zippers and broken handles go in the discard pile too.
Handbags swing above rows of shoes and sandals.
All handbags are machine washable and guaranteed for one year.
Handball backstops are for handball.
Handball players use both hands.
Handball players wear form-fitting gloves, usually made of soft leather.
A handball is a ball
Handball goes Hollywood.
Handball isa ball.
Handballs have (part) sections.
All handbell choirs are open to new players who are in the appropriate age group.
Most handbell music is written for three to four octaves.
A handbell is a gong
Handbells appeal both aurally and visually to all ages.
Handbells are a bit different from most other instruments because so much of the effect is visual.
Handbells are bells.
Handbells are chimes.
Handbells play an average of once every three Sundays.
Handbells plays for church and other special occasions at home and across the region.
A handbill is an advertising
Handbills are also effective.
Handbills catch on the canopy.
Handbills guarantee a place in line only.
A handbook is a reference
Handbooks are available for more information.
Handbooks are available for most countries.
Handbooks are available in alternative formats and in Spanish.
Handbooks are available in both English and Spanish versions.
Handbooks are available in the student service areas on each campus.
Handbooks are available to assist students and faculty.
Handbooks are available upon request.
Handbooks are books.
Handbooks are concise reference books focusing on a specific subject.
Handbooks are generally subject-specific.
Handbooks are more comprehensive than textbooks.
Handbooks are often the quickest way to find formula or tabular data.
Handbooks are often useful for locating data and formulae.
Handbooks are reference books.
Handbooks are very useful for checking grammar and punctuation rules.
Handbooks are very useful.
Handbooks give short introductions to concepts, procedures, or techniques for various topics.
Handbooks have a lot of information about one subject or field.
Handbooks have facts about a specific topic.
Handbooks have more information on apostrophes.
Handbooks provide a compilation of miscellaneous, factual data organized in a straightforward way.
Handbooks provide a variety of Bible memorization and other Bible-centered achievements.
Handbooks provide procedural guidance rather than imposing mandatory direction.
Every handbook has a parent guide at the beginning.
Every handbook needs to have certain format and size.
Many handbooks list the major societies of a region or province.
Most handbooks have good material on the research process.
Some handbooks are badly out of date.
Some handbooks are compilations of research in a discipline.
A handcart is a container
A handcart is a vehicle
Handcarts are available for rent.
Handcarts haul heavy goods around.
Handcarved kitchen utensils.
A handclap is applause
Handclaps are good.
A handcraft is work
Handcrafts are on the third.
Handcrafts feed all of the targeted categories.
Handcrafted baskets are also a hot commodity.
Handcrafted booths provide privacy.
Handcrafted furniture is made or finished by hand, rather than by machine.
Handcrafted gifts are a pleasure to give or receive.
Handcrafted gifts are our specialty.
Handcrafted items includes hatpins, jewelry and clay art.
Handcrafted items made by the indigenous peoples of Borneo are now available on the web.
Handcrafted jewelry is available in a variety of styles and colors.
Handcrafted resin is exceptionally detailed.
Handcrafted soap feels good, rich and soothing.
Handcrafted soap is gentle to the skin.
Handcrafted soap leaves the natural glycerin in the the soap.
Handcrafted soap removes dirt and excess oils without drying the skin.
A handcuff is a hamper
Handcuff skills Team contact, control, and take downs.
Handcuffs appear under the statement.
Handcuffs are among the most often used tool by officers, yet training is severely lacking.
Handcuffs are devices.
Handcuffs are fetters.
Handcuffs are optional.
Handcuffs are shackles.
Handcuffs cost forty bucks and work the first time.
Handcuffs rest at the bottom of three seats on the left side.
Handcuffs work every time.
Handdrawn maps are flexible and can be adjusted on the spot to reflect the flow of dialogue.
Handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people.
Handedness research is limited by serious problems.
Handedness isa asymmetry.
Handfed babies are readily available.
Handfed babies are sweet and sociable.
Handfed babies make delightful pets, some learning to speak even before they are weaned.
Handful isa indefinite quantity.
Handgun hunting is a challenge worth pursuing.
Handgun questions are welcome.
A handgun is a firearm
Handgun calibers only.
Handgun hunting for Michigan whitetail is the only way to go.
Handgun refers to a firearm held and fired by the hand, usually a pistol or revolver.
Handguns account for about one-third of all privately owned firearms in the United States.
Handguns account for the vast majority of gun deaths each year.
Handguns alone account for more than half of all murders.
Handguns appear to be widely accessible to youth.
Handguns are also considerably easier to carry in the field.
Handguns are also highly regulated.
Handguns are an important part of the violence equation.
Handguns are another subject.
Handguns are attacks.
Handguns are especially dangerous.
Handguns are in a specific weapons class which deals large amounts of damage at close range.
Handguns are located in armies.
Handguns are located in drawers.
Handguns are located in museums.
Handguns are located in war.
Handguns are physical attacks.
Handguns are responsible for the vast majority of firearms death and injury.
Handguns are small, easily concealed, and accurate at close to medium ranges.
Handguns are small, easy to carry and use, and very effective for self-defense.
Handguns are still legal.
Handguns are terribly seductive.
Handguns are the firearms most likely to be illegally trafficked.
Handguns are the leading killers of kids in California.
Handguns are the number one killer of youth in California.
Handguns are the weapon of choice for juveniles and criminals.
Handguns are the weapon of choice for self-defense.
Handguns are too plentiful in our society.
Handguns are used for killing.
Handguns are used for murder.
Handguns are used for self defense.
Handguns are used for target practice.
Handguns are used for threats.
Handguns are weapons.
Handguns are widely available.
Handguns are, for all practical purposes, banned in the nation's capital.
Handguns can be either revolvers or semi-automatic pistols.
Handguns cause nearly three times as many injuries each year.
Handguns function normally every day of the month.
Handguns have no purposes other than killing people.
Handguns have one purpose to kill a human being.
Handguns kill thousands of people each year, with homicides, incidental shootings and robberies.
Handguns make crime more deadly.
Handguns ore legal throughout the state.
Handguns placed on the roster list are illegal to posses in the state.
Handguns play a disproportionate role in gun violence.
Handguns predominate in firearms crime.
Handguns range from flint and percussion pistols to percussion revolvers.
All handguns are more difficult to shoot adequately than are rifles.
Most handguns are semiautomatic weapons, which have to be cocked before firing each shot.
Most handheld computers have an equivalent operating mode.
Handheld devices emit loud click sound.
Handheld devices emit loud sound.
Handheld devices emit sound.
Any handheld device running the Palm operating system is potentially at risk.
Most handheld devices emit loud click sound.
Most handheld devices emit loud sound.
Most handheld devices emit sound.
Some handheld devices measure wind.
All handheld mixers offer a range of speeds.
Most handheld screens leave a lot to be desired when viewed in sunlight.
A handhold is an appendage
Handholds are appendages.
Handholds assist mildly-disabled children and provide a convenient place for hanging aprons.
Handholds become handjams.
Handholds can include a shelf, countertop, or a ledge around the bathtub.
Handholds clean up nicely in the dishwasher.
Handholds hold out the promise of improving patient safety in a practical measurable way.
Handholds reduce the drop height by lowering the container relative to the floor during handling.
A handicap is advantage
Handicaps are advantage.
Handicaps are as current as the scores posted through the final day of the revision period.
Handicaps are easy to apply using the same procedure as with that other game played on the grass.
Handicaps are, therefore, derived on the honor system.
Handicaps can be advantages.
Handicaps can in various ways affect oral hygiene.
Handicaps provide an even level of play for everyone.
All handicaps are automatically updated after each entered round.
Many handicaps interfere with traditional learning and require instructor flexibility.
Handicaped users can sell their artworks or devices and support themselves.
Handicapped access is available at the front entrance.
Handicapped access is available but limited, please inquire.
Handicapped access is available through a fire door downstairs.
Handicapped access is available through the ambulance entrance.
Handicapped access is available to the pier.
Handicapped access is available.
Handicapped access is from the parking lot on the east side of the building.
Handicapped access is good.
Handicapped access is limited.
Handicapped access is located at the rear of the building by the tennis courts.
Handicapped access is minimal.
Handicapped access is on the North side of the building.
Handicapped access is provided throughout the complex of buildings.
Handicapped access is provided with a ramp running down to the rear of the memorial itself.
Handicapped access is readily available at either si te.
Handicapped access is via the ramp between the library and E-building.
Handicapped access varies according to venue.
Handicapped accessibility is available to the club from the restaurant's street level entrance.
Handicapped accessibility is foremost in program planning.
Handicapped accessibility is one of the major issues addressed by the renovation project.
Handicapped accessibility needs present special challenges with existing structures.
Handicapped bathrooms are easily accessible and extra wheelchairs are available if needed.
Handicapped children are a blessing, too.
Handicapped children are eligible for coverage as long as they remain dependent.
Handicapped children attend a special boarding school.
Handicapped children get a discount.
Handicapped children present special needs in planning.
Handicapped children turn their summer camp into a learning and growing experience.
Any handicapped child is able to accept our services.
Handicapped facilities are also available.
Handicapped facilities are available.
Handicapped facilities are on the third floor.
Handicapped fishing is available near the launch ramp from an old roadbed.
Many handicapped individuals can only use a keyboard with one finger, a mouth stick, or a headstick.
Handicapped parking abounds.
Handicapped parking is adjacent to the ramp near the door.
Handicapped parking is also ample and available on all lots.
Handicapped parking is also available in front of the hospital at no charge.
Handicapped parking is also available near the side door.
Handicapped parking is also available.
Handicapped parking is at front of building.
Handicapped parking is at the rear of the library.
Handicapped parking is available across the street from the main gate.
Handicapped parking is available adjacent to the building.
Handicapped parking is available adjacent to the courthouse building.
Handicapped parking is available adjacent to the front door.
Handicapped parking is available adjacent to the North and South Buildings, on the east side.
Handicapped parking is available along the front of the building on the same level as the entrance.
Handicapped parking is available also.
Handicapped parking is available and all buildings have elevators.
Handicapped parking is available and is identified by blue signs.
Handicapped parking is available and wheelchairs are available for a small fee.
Handicapped parking is available as well.
Handicapped parking is available at both parks.
Handicapped parking is available at the center.
Handicapped parking is available at the courthouse parking lot.
Handicapped parking is available at the entrance.
Handicapped parking is available at the lodge.
Handicapped parking is available at the parking facility's main entrance.
Handicapped parking is available at the trailhead.
Handicapped parking is available by asking the parking attendant for instructions.
Handicapped parking is available by building and paved sidewalks for access.
Handicapped parking is available campus-wide for students with various disabilities.
Handicapped parking is available here, too.
Handicapped parking is available in all three structures.
Handicapped parking is available in both parking facilities.
Handicapped parking is available in front of the building.
Handicapped parking is available in front of the library.
Handicapped parking is available in Lot A adjacent to the South Concourse.
Handicapped parking is available in our parking lot.
Handicapped parking is available in parking lots at the stadium area.
Handicapped parking is available in parking lots throughout the campus.
Handicapped parking is available in the circular drive adjacent to the museum.
Handicapped parking is available in the front of the building.
Handicapped parking is available in the front of the main entrance to the stadium.
Handicapped parking is available in the front of the parking area.
Handicapped parking is available in the garages and on the street.
Handicapped parking is available in the lots and garages shown above.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking deck.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking facility and close to other buildings on campus.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking garage with elevators to the main lobby.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking garage.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking lot, as are spaces for short term bus parking.
Handicapped parking is available in the parking lot.
Handicapped parking is available in the southwest corner of the arena lot.
Handicapped parking is available just ahead, to the right of the circle.
Handicapped parking is available near all entrances.
Handicapped parking is available near near cafeteria, classrooms, and residence hall.
Handicapped parking is available near the library entrance.
Handicapped parking is available near the main entrance.
Handicapped parking is available nearest the visitor center in the main parking lot.
Handicapped parking is available next to the building.
Handicapped parking is available next to the elevators on all levels except the main entry level.
Handicapped parking is available on all levels of the municipal parking garage.
Handicapped parking is available on Auditorium frontage road.
Handicapped parking is available on both campuses.
Handicapped parking is available on campus.
Handicapped parking is available on the park grounds.
Handicapped parking is available surrounding the building.
Handicapped parking is available there as well.
Handicapped parking is available through the valet at no cost.
Handicapped parking is available upon request.
Handicapped parking is available.
Handicapped parking is close to a nice ramp right into the lodge.
Handicapped parking is controlled by state law.
Handicapped parking is designated throughout the area.
Handicapped parking is designated.
Handicapped parking is enforced every day.
Handicapped parking is enforced.
Handicapped parking is found in the rear of the the building or along the right side.
Handicapped parking is free.
Handicapped parking is identifiable by the universal disability symbol.
Handicapped parking is in the east parking lot.
Handicapped parking is in the lot just past the administrative entrance on the right.
Handicapped parking is in the parking structure on first level.
Handicapped parking is in the upper parking lot.
Handicapped parking is inside the fenced area.
Handicapped parking is limited.
Handicapped parking is located at all of our visitor facilities.
Handicapped parking is located in the parking lot on the east side of the building.
Handicapped parking is located nearby.
Handicapped parking is near our entrance.
Handicapped parking is provided in many parking lots on campus.
Handicapped parking is provided on a limited basis.
Handicapped parking is provided.
Handicapped parking is retained at or close to current locations.
Handicapped parking is ridiculous.
Handicapped parking is within short walking distance of the Air Show.
All handicapped parking is in the garage under the building.
All handicapped parking requires a displayed window permit.
Handicapped patrons can enter in the middle of the auditorium.
Handicapped people are usually the silent minority .
Handicapped people be at work in Oasis.
Handicapped people continue to be marginalized, pushed away and robbed of their rights.
Some handicapped people take more time for their actions to happen.
A handicapped person is a person
Handicapped people are people.
Handicapped persons are welcome to serve.
Handicapped persons can compete on an even basis.
Handicapped persons can park at a meter without depositing money for the maximum time on the meter.
Handicapped persons deserve special access and support privileges.
Handicapped persons make the perilous crossing in wheelchairs.
Handicapped placards are a very serious offense.
Handicapped restrooms are available at all sites.
Handicapped restrooms are available.
Handicapped restrooms are near the shelterhouse.
Handicapped restrooms are on the farm and in the main building.
Handicapped rooms are also available.
Handicapped rooms are available for participants with special needs.
Handicapped rooms are available on request.
Handicapped rooms are available upon request.
Handicapped rooms are available.
Handicapped scientists are just as valuable as non-handicapped.
Handicapped stations are also available.
Handicapped stations are available.
Handicapped sticker is required.
Handicapped students achieve significantly through music education.
Handicapped students can only access the main level of the library.
Handicapped students have priority.
Handicapped students receive individualized instruction through the special education program.
Handicapped transportation is available with prior reservation.
Handicapped units are also available.
Handicapped units are available to any physically challenged senior.
Handicapped women overflow with boundless love.
Handicapped zones are off limits.
A handicapper is a gambler
Handicappers are a protected group.
Handicappers have the right to request and receive reasonable accommodation.
Handicappers have the right to request and receive reasonable accommodations.
Handicappers have the right to request reasonable accommodation.
Handicappers picks from a free online consensus service.
Handicappers often find creative ways of making their numbers seem impressive.
All handicappers are streaky.
Every handicapper has a unique way of analyzing Daily Racing Form.
Many handicappers make their own.
Many handicappers rate one team over another.
Most handicappers recognize their limitations.
Most handicappers use similar systems.
Some handicappers keep track of post positions believing there is a track bias.
Some handicappers like to earmark a certain amount for each race or for their best bet of the day.
Some handicappers pick more winners than losers, but still lose money.
A handicraft is work
Handicrafts are a good starting point for authentic regional Chilean gifts.
Handicrafts are a time-honored trade in Mexico and artisans are deeply respected for their skill.
Handicrafts are an important industry and craft products are exported throughout the world.
Handicrafts are artifacts.
Handicrafts are both practical implements and clothing and often have deep symbolic meaning.
Handicrafts are for sale at the centre.
Handicrafts are for sale, log cutting contest, petting zoo and games for the kids.
Handicrafts are one of the important industries of the country and variety of products is extensive.
Handicrafts are outstanding and make marvelous decorator items.
Handicrafts are pieces of art that serve either a functional, practical or decorative purpose.
Handicrafts are the end product of a living culture.
Handicrafts are trade.
Handicrafts are well developed.
Handicrafts are work.
Handicrafts emporia across the State offer a range of such sculptures in sandalwood.
Handicrafts form another important source of income.
Handicrafts Get great home made crafts, perfume bottles, candles and more.
Handicrafts have an antique tradition on the island and are still today widely practised.
Handicrafts made by disabled children are on sale here.
Handicrafts mimic the physiological effects of meditation.
Handicrafts seem to require more time and are labor intensive.
Handiest feature is that it continues to show time when minimized.
Handin homework is due one week after assignment.
Handings are movings.
A handiwork is work
Handiwork isa artifact.
Handiwork takes undue precedence.
Handiworks have (part) sections.
Handkerchief fixtures mount to the wall over a standard junction box mounting bracket.
Handkerchief linen is the best fabric possible for a hot weather summer bathrobe.
A handkerchief is a piece
A handkerchief is cloth
Handkerchief inquire down all optical glasses.
Handkerchief isa piece.
Handkerchiefs are accessories.
Handkerchiefs are another problem for the snuff taker.
Handkerchiefs are located in purses.
Handkerchiefs are prettier than plastic packs for throwaway tissues, and take up less room.
Handkerchiefs are pretty , but unsanitary.
Handkerchiefs are pretty, but unsanitary.
Handkerchiefs come out to dry tears and then are waved in affectionate farewell.
Handkerchiefs get ready to be stuffed in mouths.
Handkerchiefs have (part) hems.
Handkerchiefs have (part) sections.
Handkerchiefs make great gifts for attendants and parents.
A handle is an appendage
Handle isa object.
Handles accounts in Charleston area and northern panhandle of the state.
Handles adding and deleting products, calculates prices, shipping, and taxes.
Handles adult women's tournament registrations and coordinates tournaments.
Handles alien status questions.
Handles allow for arrow to be repositioned and sized.
Handles allow for easy carrying.
Handles allow for easy handling.
Handles also double as teethers.
Handles also feature a recessed foam grip for greater comfort.
Handles appear around the border.
Handles appear around the chart.
Handles appear around the field.
Handles appear around the label to show that it is selected.
Handles appear around the object on the page.
Handles appear around the part selected.
Handles appear around the spreadsheet.
Handles appear at the right and bottom of the table.
Handles appear hand carved.
Handles appear on ends.
Handles applicant correspondence, walk in inquiries and registration issues.
Handles are a general purpose class of identifier.
Handles are a good example.
Handles are a way to reference different windows objects.
Handles are acceptable.
Handles are also available as an option on all units.
Handles are also available for Craftmatic style electric beds.
Handles are also available in white.
Handles are another important consideration.
Handles are appendages.
Handles are as important to the quality of our knives as are the blades.
Handles are available in either a D or T-grip.
Handles are available in either flat or mushroom style tops.
Handles are available in regular or watertight versions.
Handles are available that attach to bowling balls.
Handles are barn red but can be changed to dark green or burgundy.
Handles are black plastic or bakelite.
Handles are carbon fiber.
Handles are case sensitive and no two Handles can be exactly alike.
Handles are choice light rattan, carefully selected and matched for size, weight, and flex.
Handles are color coded for easy identification.
Handles are detachable from blade by means of locking detents.
Handles are either genuine stag or cocobolo hardwood.
Handles are either loop handles for one finger, or strap handles.
Handles are either plain or in a Celtic design representing the everlasting thread of life.
Handles are fit to the archer's hand.
Handles are flexible and comfortable.
Handles are handsomely detailed with a transparent finish over natural wood.
Handles are hardwood with brass ferrules.
Handles are height-adjustable.
Handles are hollow and waterproof.
Handles are hunter green.
Handles are indestructible polypropylene, squared to prevent rolling.
Handles are located in bathrooms.
Handles are located in car doors.
Handles are located in doors.
Handles are located in drawers.
Handles are located in fridges.
Handles are located in hardware stores.
Handles are located in water fountains.
Handles are long enough to slip over the shoulder.
Handles are now visible and they extend perpendicular to the face they lie adjacent to.
Handles are of tin plated steel and bristles a medium-fine horse hair.
Handles are okay.
Handles are on the ends.
Handles are part of baggage.
Handles are part of baseball bats.
Handles are part of briefcases.
Handles are part of brushs.
Handles are part of cutlery.
Handles are part of doors.
Handles are part of faucets.
Handles are part of hammers.
Handles are part of hand tools.
Handles are part of handlebars.
Handles are part of handsets.
Handles are part of ladles.
Handles are part of mugs.
Handles are part of objects.
Handles are part of racket.
Handles are part of shovels.
Handles are part of teacups.
Handles are part of umbrellas.
Handles are parts.
Handles are pointers.
Handles are polished to beautiful shades of blue pearl, green, and white.
Handles are premium sheep horn.
Handles are produced in a wide variety of shapes and styles.
Handles are real wooden chopsticks and open to a roomy pocketbook size padded interior.
Handles are red vinyl-dipped.
Handles are registrar specific.
Handles are removable for permanent binding.
Handles are removable unless permanently attached by customer.
Handles are resistant to heat, cold and detergents.
Handles are rosewood.
Handles are rubber coated.
Handles are sculptural and can be made from the most exotic of materials.
Handles are smooth hardwood with brass ferrules.
Handles are the finest materials.
Handles are the link between the cutting edge and the human hand.
Handles are the same issue.
Handles are used for carry.
Handles are used for grippings.
Handles are used for liftings.
Handles are used for open doors.
Handles are used for opening doors.
Handles are used for pulling.
Handles are well padded and long enough to distribute force over entire palm.
Handles are wood.
Handles are zinc plated steel.
Handles ball well.
Handles break down into a few main groups, although there are always exceptions out there.
Handles caches initialization.
Handles calls from irate citizens without losing patience.
Handles calls requesting operator assistance.
Handles can be artistic forgings or rustic sticks.
Handles can be bent slightly to accommodate variations in size.
Handles can be flat or round or a combination of the two.
Handles can be straight or curved, with plain, plastic or even leather grips.
Handles can retrace deeply or actually build a base at new highs above the cup.
Handles change, plans it and makes it happen.
Handles changes to the caret within composed text.
Handles changes to the official city map.
Handles changes to the text entered through an input method.
Handles circuits three times larger.
Handles claims for missing periodicals and releases.
Handles claims for money due from the U.S., including certain tax cases.
Handles claims on a good faith basis.
Handles claims, overages, shortages, and damages.
Handles clay very well.
Handles coil, strip or sheared blanks.
Handles come in several materials.
Handles come in traditional rawhide, wood, antler or bison leg bone.
Handles contain ball-bearing action for easier spinning and a better workout.
Handles copy, move, delete, rename, split, join, attributes and swap.
Handles crisply, is roomy, has outstanding brakes, fit and finish.
Handles curl up and in like horns.
Handles database access for client.
Handles database corruptions better.
Handles designs for realtime media and communications.
Handles discipline fairly and consistently.
Handles do have a few disadvantages, however.
Handles drag motion events, accepting text and positioning the cursor.
Handles drop events, pasting text.
Handles duplicate input points correctly.
Handles email in an intelligent manner.
Handles feature special deep-set knurling for functional performance and sure grip.
Handles feel comfortable, spouts pour, it is microwavable, ovensafe.
Handles file decoding.
Handles focus in events for the button.
Handles focus in events for the push button.
Handles focus in events for the slider.
Handles focus in events.
Handles focus out events for the button.
Handles focus out events for the push button.
Handles focus out events for the slider.
Handles fold flat for packing.
Handles fold flat.
Handles forklift and foot traffic.
Handles guardianships, conservatorships, deceased estates, trusts, and mental health proceedings.
Handles have free spinning finger caps.
Handles have glaze wear.
Handles have holes to accommodate a chain.
Handles have no place in our chat rooms.
Handles have satisfyingly large grips.
Handles have to be fully network-transparent.
Handles inbound sales inquiries, as well as outbound telemarketing.
Handles inline image display in truecolor on supporting screen modes.
Handles just have a namespaces and a name within that space.
Handles kashrut, marriage, conversion, circumcison, and Jewish divorce.
Handles keyboard events for the button.
Handles leave events for the menu bar.
Handles LLCs and LLPs.
Handles lock for carrying.
Handles lock in place to assure stability.
Handles loops with limited conditional control flow in body.
Handles mail being sent to other e-mail adresses, files, and programs in a secure fashion.
Handles make carrying easy.
Handles microscope carefully.
Handles microscope competently.
Handles moist to mesic soil.
Handles mouse double click events for the combo box.
Handles mouse dragging message to do the actual dragging.
Handles moves all over North America.
Handles offset printing, copy jobs, brokered jobs and more.
Handles overflow or assigned clerical duties.
Handles pace beautifully.
Handles paint events for buttons.
Handles paint events for the button.
Handles paint events for the frame.
Handles paint events for the progress bar.
Handles paint events for the slider.
Handles paperwork for filing the dissertation.
Handles paperwork for graduate assistants.
Handles paperwork for terminating employees including separation and clearance forms.
Handles plan termination reporting including individual benefit commitment notes.
Handles purchases on account, manual and computer check payments and credit memos.
Handles records checks, filing, overnight parking applications.
Handles refuse disposal Moves furniture and equipment for activitie.
Handles remove for easy storage and travel.
Handles repair, and part replacement for most brands on lawn equipment.
Handles resize and expose callbacks.
Handles resize and refresh events easily.
Handles resize events for the combo box.
Handles resize events for the file dialog.
Handles resize events for the frame.
Handles resize events for the menu bar.
Handles resize events for the message box.
Handles resize events for the progress dialog, sizing the label, dialog, and cancellation button.
Handles resize events for the scroll bar.
Handles resize events for the slider.
Handles resize events for the spin box.
Handles resize events.
Handles rests at end of tune correctly when repeating.
Handles returns with similar aplomb.
Handles routing of incoming mail, prepares mass mailings and orders supplies for the office.
Handles secured with rivets usually have full tangs.
Handles sign as well as any decimals.
Handles singltrack, gravel roads, or curb hops in the city without complaint.
Handles slashes in filenames.
Handles slide into cover.
Handles snap apart for storage in attache or desk drawer.
Handles Specify extra seconds to be added to the head and tail of each clip as it is captured.
Handles spoon well, self feeding.
Handles stay cool and comfortable.
Handles subscribe and unsubscribe requests efficiently.
Handles survey research from questionnaire design to data entry.
Handles transfer requests from employees in area of responsibility.
Handles transfer requestsfrom employees in area of responsibility.
Handles undergraduate admissions and scholarship inquiries.
Handles undergraduate admissions, credit transfer evaluations, and campus visits.
Handles undergraduate records, inquiries, and initial advising.
Handles use a separate authority naming scheme.
Handles use one level of indirection to access the data they reference.
Handles wind nicely as is, or add flaps for a wind- eating boomerang.
Handles wind very well.
Handles work for foreigners.
All handles are completely detachable from the blade by means of positive locking detents.
All handles are double machine riveted for years of strength.
All handles are hand carved and different.
All handles are heavy duty series.
All handles are modern.
All handles are plastic coated for comfort and ease of operation.
All handles come with an allen wrench for quick and easy loop charges.
All handles get hot in the oven.
All handles written into stream are reset.
Many handles are vinyl or some sort of plastic.
Most handles are available in multiple finishes.
Some handles are part of backhoes.
Some handles are part of baggage.
Some handles are part of bicycles.
Some handles are part of bikes.
Some handles are part of brollies.
Some handles are part of chisels.
Some handles are part of corkscrews.
Some handles are part of dippers.
Some handles are part of faucets.
Some handles are part of forks.
Some handles are part of go-carts.
Some handles are part of hairbrushs.
Some handles are part of hammers.
Some handles are part of handlebars.
Some handles are part of luggage.
Some handles are part of paintbrushs.
Some handles are part of plierses.
Some handles are part of racket.
Some handles are part of razors.
Some handles are part of sables.
Some handles are part of saucepans.
Some handles are part of scoops.
Some handles are part of scrapers.
Some handles are part of screwdrivers.
Some handles are part of shavers.
Some handles are part of shovels.
Some handles are part of skillets.
Some handles are part of spades.
Some handles are part of spanners.
Some handles are part of spatulas.
Some handles are part of spoons.
Some handles are part of spreaders.
Some handles are part of suitcases.
Some handles are part of teacups.
Some handles are part of teaspoons.
Some handles are part of toothbrushes.
Some handles are part of toothpicks.
Some handles are part of trowels.
Some handles are part of tweezers.
Some handles are part of umbrellas.
Some handles are part of wheelbarrows.
A handlebar is a bar
Handlebar folds easily, without tools, for compact storage.
Handlebar isa bar.
Handlebars appear on-screen to orient the cyclist, who controls speed by pedaling.
Handlebars are also a very personal thing.
Handlebars are bars.
Handlebars are flat or sloped up, and the frames are lighter than an old-school bike.
Handlebars are handles.
Handlebars are loose.
Handlebars are part of bicycles.
Handlebars are sort of below or beside the rider.
Handlebars are very easy to change or swap.
Handlebars can be too high.
Handlebars fold down for storage and portability.
Handlebars have (part) handles.
Handlebars have (part) sections.
Handlebars prevent front fork from rotating from stop to stop.
Handlebars provide a variety of workout positions.
Handlebars tend to be high and wide.
Some handlebars are part of bicycles.
Some handlebars are part of bikes.
Handled foals are available, in addition to the foals from the moorland herds.
A handler is an agent
Handler picks up first square and moves it in front of dog, dog moves to that square.
Handler takes off the lead.
Handler tosses large foam ball over to dog.
Handlers accept requests and produce a response.
Handlers also finance the program.
Handlers also have scope, very much on a par with variables.
Handlers also trot around the ring with their dogs.
Handlers are agents.
Handlers are classes that extend the capabilities of the standard URL class.
Handlers are exceedingly important.
Handlers are optional.
Handlers are responsible for day to day care, husbandry duties and exercising of their dog.
Handlers are the representatives of the owners of that specific dog.
Handlers attribute the stronger finish to the season.
Handlers can be any keyboard command or mouse command.
Handlers come in pairs.
Handlers correspond to a physical device, such as a console, file or socket.
Handlers execute arbitrary code out of the database for fully scripted responses to alerts.
Handlers find the ease in using our blindfolds reduces their fatigue.
Handlers focus on conservation, education and audience participation.
Handlers generally are processors who distribute fluid milk products in a designated marketing area.
Handlers generally know where their dog is but there's nothing exact about it.
Handlers have scope Handlers also have scope, very much on a par with variables.
Handlers heel their dogs around while music plays.
Handlers help route messages.
Handlers implement specific abilities like file services and security services.
Handlers implement specific abilities such as file services, security services and so on.
Handlers operate in an atomic fashion.
Handlers pitch a dummy decoy into the water.
Handlers place two roosters in a pit.
Handlers spend hundreds of hours training themselves and their dogs.
Handlers spend thousands of hours training and working their dogs.
Handlers stack their dogs either direction and some dogs end up face to face.
Handlers take good care of the dogs.
Handlers using our blindfolds can secure an animal with less difficulty and stress.
Handlers walk the course and build their strategy.
Handlers walk the course to familiarize themselves with the layout and flow of the obstacles.
Handlers often complain of being required to meet multiple regulatory requirements.
Handlers usually keep the dogs after they are retired.
All handlers also receive special training.
All handlers are volunteers and provide their own dogs and outdoor equipment.
All handlers are volunteers.
All handlers have a status of ready, indicating that they are ready to receive connections.
All handlers have a story about their dogs' loyalty.
All handlers now perform evals for contrib modules.
Every handler grabs a free line.
Many handlers can demonstrate to others how they train.
Many handlers have no access to equipment on a regular basis.
Many handlers keep mare urine in storage, collecting and freezing portions in small plastic bags.
Many handlers send more than one message when responding to a request.
Many handlers spend lots of time working on the trial exercises themselves.
Most handlers are probably shell or perl scripts.
Most handlers hire a bunch of extra assistants to help out.
Most handlers use brushes like the slicker brush, zoom groom brush, shedding blade and flea combs.
Most handlers welcome input.
Some handlers can easily adjust their handling style to suit a dog's personality.
Some handlers say that aromotherapy can also be very helpful.
Some handlers seem to think there is a rule against talking to the judges on the track.
Some handlers wear gloves while they are tracking.
Handline fishing is also available at no charge.
Handline fishing is done with the ship drifting with the wind and currents.
Handling are manual labor.
Handling are material handling.
Handling are touch.
Handlist catalogue accompanies the exhibition A Picture of Health.
Handmade articles are unique and indemand here in Canada.
Handmade baskets are also for sale.
Handmade baskets are gifts that last a lifetime.
Handmade beads are tiny sculptures that have the added benefit of being useful for ornamentation.
Handmade candles make stylish and beautiful accessories, and they are inexpensive and fun to create.
Handmade chocolates are also excellent gifts.
Handmade cigars are superior.
Handmade cigars have long fillers where machine made cigars usually contain smaller-cut leaf.
Handmade cuff has stamp design with protruding stone.
Handmade custom woodcrafts.
Handmade decks are quite expensive due to the amount of time they take to complete and assemble.
Handmade dishcloths are environmentally sound, attractive, and relaxing to make.
Handmade dovetails are irregular and imperfect.
Handmade earrings have slight design going down the middle.
Handmade frames are unique gift ideas for any occasion.
Handmade furniture adds a distinctive touch, making the home seem as if it has been there forever.
Handmade gifts are much more special to loved ones than store-bought versions . . .
Handmade gifts can be very rewarding to make and receive.
Handmade gnocchi is another favorite.
Handmade guitars have so much more to offer tonewise.
Handmade instruments age in a beautiful way and won t ever appear shabby.
Handmade items are individual and usually very acceptable.
Handmade items are popular.
Handmade items consist of hats, booties, blankets, toys, activity kits, preemie burial gowns, etc.
Handmade jewelry is a slow process but insures a quality product.
Handmade lattice gives a finished look that can also enhance an interior decor.
Handmade masks are also popular and are fashioned from either papier mache or coconut husks.
Handmade mirrors can be custom designed by size and color to match wallpaper or any decor.
Handmade ornaments are even more precious.
Handmade paper envelopes Our handmade paper envelopes come in several styles and are truly unique.
Handmade paper has a unique look and texture that sets it apart from machine-made paper.
Handmade paper is a beautiful addition to any craft project, and making it is fun, too.
Handmade paper is formed from the cellulose fibers of plants.
Handmade papers have no grain direction.
Handmade papers offer a far greater range of expressive possibilities than conventional papers.
Many handmade papers have inclusions of fibers, plants, confetti or any other desired items.
Handmade pendant has twist like design as setting.
Handmade pendant is heavy in weight and looks great on short or long chain.
Handmade pendant is set in silver but without silver lip.
Handmade piece is enhanced by detailed setting and black ring around stone.
Handmade pizzas emerge from a traditional wood-fired brick oven.
Most handmade product sold in the country is available here.
Handmade quilts are available in several patterns and sizes.
Handmade radiator covers.
Handmade rugs are much like furniture in that they come in many degrees of quality and beauty.
Handmade rugs are the very latest floor covering fashion statement.
Handmade sandwiches are available along with homemade pastries, doughnuts, bagels, and bakery items.
Handmade shoes are available in various styles, colors and sizes.
Handmade shoes are still available in Thailand and again at extremely reasonable prices .
Handmade slags have pontils.
Handmade soaps are available as well.
Handmade soaps sell for high prices, yet they are simple to customize and make at home.
Handmade textiles are available at the market as well as plenty of other unique souvenirs.
Handmade tiles are a pretty good material to hide cosmetically challenged concrete.
Handmade toggle clasp sterling silver.
Handmaids are produced by re-educating fertile women who have broken the gender and social laws.
A handoff is football play
Handoffs are always a concern especially with the United States.
A handout is charity
Handout contains bibliography and music.
Handout demonstrates sample activities.
Handout forks if it gets too difficult.
Handout gives strategies with examples and workshop allows for modeling and practice.
Handout helps caregivers track child's immunizations.
Handout includes an annotated bibliography.
Handout includes drawings to help illustrate the distinction.
Handout includes key resources and web sites mentioned during the session.
Handout includes more demonstrations and tips.
Handout includes strategies and bibliography.
Handout is available by clicking here .
Handout is included with minutes.
Handout is included.
Handout lists all URLs and resources mentioned in the session.
Handout notes on noise.
Handout reflects changes by subcommittee.
Handout represents the background.
Handout showing slides is available.
Handout shows the relationship between metamorphic zones and metamorphic facies .
Handout talks more about office hours and expectations.
Handouts accompany each session.
Handouts also are on display for the public on oblong tables about casino-related topics.
Handouts also are to be provided throughout the course.
Handouts are a big help.
Handouts are a major part of the reading assignments.
Handouts are acceptable.
Handouts are also always available after class here.
Handouts are also available for ideas on how to use the Internet for genealogical research.
Handouts are also available in Hmong and plans include a video tape in the Hmong language.
Handouts are also available in the library.
Handouts are also available in the OISS lobby.
Handouts are also available on most topics covered in the math courses previously mentioned.
Handouts are also available with most of the displays.
Handouts are also available.
Handouts are also easier and less expensive to update as new information comes available.
Handouts are an excellent idea.
Handouts are announcements.
Handouts are appropriate.
Handouts are available .
Handouts are available at each library.
Handouts are available at the station.
Handouts are available following the presentation.
Handouts are available for additional information.
Handouts are available for all the workshops.
Handouts are available for each lecture, after the first.
Handouts are available for many of the popular research tools and sources.
Handouts are available for more information about each of the shells.
Handouts are available for students.
Handouts are available for teachers and students.
Handouts are available for teachers.
Handouts are available free of charge at the meeting room, or as electronic file on request.
Handouts are available free of charge.
Handouts are available in accessible formats upon request.
Handouts are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Handouts are available in alternative accessible formats upon request.
Handouts are available in alternative formats upon request.
Handouts are available in class only once.
Handouts are available in the case of loss or absence.
Handouts are available in the document rack near the photocopier.
Handouts are available in the general access lab and classes are held frequently.
Handouts are available on researching for grant funding.
Handouts are available on resume writing, job search, interviewing, and networking.
Handouts are available on the bookcases at the front of the secretary's desk.
Handouts are available that describe the passes in more detail.
Handouts are available that list basic search functions and operators.
Handouts are available to all trainees.
Handouts are available to download below.
Handouts are available upon request.
Handouts are available which list key reference sources for company, industry and country research.
Handouts are available, too.
Handouts are available.
Handouts are charity.
Handouts are complete.
Handouts are crucial for success.
Handouts are documents which are ready to distribute to staff or to families.
Handouts are downloadable as PDFs.
Handouts are due at the end of the hour.
Handouts are excellent as sources of info for classroom activities.
Handouts are good take home materials which can be applied.
Handouts are good things to provide in any presentation, but they can be useful backups too.
Handouts are good, can be expensive.
Handouts are good.
Handouts are great very informative.
Handouts are highly encouraged to be distributed in conjunction with the presentation.
Handouts are highly recommended.
Handouts are important for visual learners.
Handouts are in parentheses.
Handouts are in red .
Handouts are limited to a degree by resources available.
Handouts are limited.
Handouts are located in tables.
Handouts are monetary values.
Handouts are often helpful.
Handouts are often like fixes for a drug addict.
Handouts are okay, too.
Handouts are on the website.
Handouts are one of the most overlooked tools in seminar marketing.
Handouts are optional if a survey paper is prepared.
Handouts are optional.
Handouts are particularly useful.
Handouts are password protected.
Handouts are prepared and distributed in the area a few days before the demonstration.
Handouts are ready.
Handouts are smaller versions of the slides.
Handouts are suitable for use in the classroom.
Handouts are the responsibility of the presenter.
Handouts are the responsibility of the speaker.
Handouts are very helpful.
Handouts are very much appreciated by conference attendees.
Handouts are welcome.
Handouts are Xeroxed instead of mimeographed.
Handouts can be efficient aids for a weekly lab.
Handouts can be very useful for the class.
Handouts can be very useful.
Handouts can help remote learners follow a lecture.
Handouts can work as effective aids in lab classes.
Handouts consist of content that the instructor provides, stored as files on-site.
Handouts contain information on Internet addresses and access procedures.
Handouts cover all aspects of writing and are free for the taking.
Handouts cover many topics and can be easily printed for quick and easy use.
Handouts cover topics such as time management, test taking, textbook reading and many more.
Handouts describing the exhibits are appropriate.
Handouts detailing how to produce the activities are available for viewers.
Handouts distributed in class are available in .pdf format here.
Handouts enabling continued self-destructive behavior don t pass that test.
Handouts examine rural versus urban speeding data and provide a historical perspective.
Handouts give directions for activities that can be adapted for any topic.
Handouts given out in class are available on the web page.
Handouts help people to recall and apply the details that tend to ebb away with time.
Handouts help the families .
Handouts Here are the handouts for the experiments.
Handouts inventory the games and their teaching points.
Handouts itemize current job listings.
Handouts link directly to the accompanying picture and caption in the online booklet.
Handouts Make copies of slides for handouts, to be given to audience members, as appropriate.
Handouts make women dependent, passive, obedient, and irresponsible.
Handouts offer the mothers something to refer to when the workshop is over.
Handouts place a specified amount of slides on each page.
Handouts print two, three, or six slides per page.
Handouts provide answers to the questions and exercises interspersed throughout the video film.
Handouts provide detailed descriptions.
Handouts provide detailed explanations and blank masters.
Handouts provide details.
Handouts provide factual information.
Handouts provide outlines of the material covered as well as a resource guide for further study.
Handouts provide points to consider before accepting an overseas management position.
Handouts related to each of the topics discussed are also available upon request.
Handouts See handouts .
Handouts showing our proposed labelled display are available for review and comment.
Handouts summarize major concepts and provide additional practice problems.
Handouts summarize the presentation and provide lesson plans for activities.
Handouts summarize the program and explain to adults what to do if a child becomes lost.
Handouts take a little bit longer.
Handouts Use our links to obtain information from progun organizations.
Handouts used are well organized and appropriate.
All handouts are available here.
All handouts are free of charge.
All handouts are here.
All Handouts are in .pdf or .doc format.
All Handouts are in HTML unless otherwise noted.
All handouts are in pdf format.
All handouts are in postscript format.
All Handouts are now on the Handouts link.
All handouts are ready to print.
All handouts are to be brought to each class.
All handouts are to be pedigreed including date.
All handouts constitute required reading, including ones made available online.
All handouts given during the quarter are extended parts of the syllabus.
All handouts used are in the manual.
Every handout connects into key biblical passages.
Every handout connects to key biblical passages.
Many handouts are still under construction.
More handouts are on the way, really.
Most handouts are in postcript format.
Most handouts are in postscript format.
Some handouts are also available.
Some handouts are available in Spanish.
Some handouts are available on the shelves.
Some handouts are quite lengthy and most are very informative.
Some handouts are specific to a class in history, education, or nursing, for example.
Some handouts focus on a specific trail.
Handpainted animals make any home fun and festive.
Handpainted finishes are more delicate by nature, requiring special attention when cleaning.
Handpainted pieces are also common.
Handpainted silk scarves, ties and gifts.
Handpainted silk scarves, ties and paintings.
Handpainted sinks are an affordable alternative and a good way to personalize the space.
Handpumped wells supply the cabin with water.
A handrail is a barrier
Handrails are also an option.
Handrails are also helpful items.
Handrails are available in elegant wood and durable rigid vinyl.
Handrails are short and inadequate.
Handrails are still part of our standard product line.
Handrails are sturdy and securely fastened.
Handrails encompass the perimeter, and are labeled with braille signs for directions and locations.
Handrails have limited run-up.
Handreared animals are usually comfortable around humans and can be more easily managed.
Handrwitten notes appear throughout.
Handset chargers can be wall-mounted.
Some handset couplers have an amplifier built in, so only a neckloop is required.
Handset developments are also a major factor.
Handset efficiency is governed by the battery power consumed and the performance a user demands.
Handset makers can also cater more quickly to what customers want.
Handset manufacturers hope to reduce battery cell usage in order to reduce weight, cost and size.
Handset notation supports any letter.
Handset prices range widely.
Handset rhinestones proclaim a night of glamour and sophistication.
Handset screens allow users to see if their pet is tired, hungry or thirsty.
Handset vendors can support content based on all three markup languages in a single browser.
A handset is a telephone
Handsets are a commodity.
Handsets are electronic devices.
Handsets are essentially closed systems with limited functionality.
Handsets are part of telephones.
Handsets are telephones.
Handsets can by hired by the day.
Handsets can communicate with each other privately, independent of base and phone line.
Handsets can select specific bases to make outside calls on specific lines.
Handsets contain a microbrowser, which is a lite version of a desktop browser.
Handsets cost a couple of hundred dollars, if that.
Handsets function as full duplex digital radio.
Handsets improve call quality by eliminating feedback and turn-around delay.
Handsets offer is subject to availability.
Handsets Seem to have a pretty long bettery life - several days on standby.
All handsets transmit on the same frequency channel at the same time but with different codes.
Any handset can call any other on intercom.
Any handset can only intercom with one other handset.
Most handsets have both audible and visual alerts when a message has been received.
Some handsets also support screen savers .
Some handsets are as small as cell phones.
Some handsets are as small as cell-phones.
Some handsets have color screens and can display color images.
Some handsets provide additional features to the car kit as indicated below.
Some handsets require special cables with built in charges.
A handshake is acknowledgement
Handshake sets up contractual relationships with vendors and guarantees a minimum of three bids.
Handshakes also differ by region.
Handshakes are acknowledgment.
Handshakes are another friendly gesture.
Handshakes are appropriate only between men or between women.
Handshakes are between equals, a wai is performed to admit inferiority.
Handshakes are firm but brief.
Handshakes are firm with eye contact.
Handshakes are generally only for males who are friends.
Handshakes are important.
Handshakes are the accepted form of greeting.
Handshakes are usually brief.
Handshakes are usually the most appropriate and common form of greeting at business occasions.
Handshakes don t go very far with multi-national companies.
Handshakes go all around.
Handshakes outnumber backstabs in the glamorous world of television.
Handshakes often linger longer than Westerners expect.
Handsome brick arches replete with foliage divide the dining area.
Handsome bush is shorter and rounder than typical grandifloras.
Handsome canes made of the Florida crab-tree, are also to be purchased.
Handsome catalogs accompany both shows.
Handsome cloth rebind.
Handsome fern makes unbeatable specimen.
Handsome fireplaces add a warm ambiance to our oak-paneled private library and spacious living room.
Handsome foliage develops a golden bronze color in the fall.
Handsome foliage makes a dense ground cover, but dies down in late summer.
Handsome frames are available in a variety of wood and metal finishes to complement any decor.
Handsome head dissipates quickly.
Handsome illustrations capture the spirit of each season.
Handsome interface uses pick lists for fuzzy versus boolean searching and word variants.
Handsome interiors feature fireplaces, high ceilings and lots of natural light.
Handsome men marry people.
Handsome men tend to be spoiled, so be careful.
Most handsome men have feet of clay.
Most handsome men marry people.
Some handsome men live in castles.
Handsome photographs present a very small sampling of the paintings.
Handsome princes ride in their limousines, saving poor and desperate women.
Handsome slipcover protects the perfect-bound volume.
Handspun yarn is suitable for weaving into cloth which is durable, light and warm.
A handstand is an exercise
Handstand isa workout.
Handstands are a basis for more complex inverted and three-dimensional motion.
Handstands are known by various other names .
Handstands are known by various other names.
Handstands are much easier to learn while leaning against a wall.
Handturned model has goatskin head.
Handwashing facilities are available on site.
Handwashing facilities are fully operable.
Handwashing Procedures are available in letter size and half sheet sizes.
HandWatch site is now finally up.
A handwork is work
Handwork can torment and it can elate.
Handwork is necessary here.
Handwork is the basic characteristic for pottery.
Handwork offers the public the opportunity to deal directly with the craftspeople.
Handwork trims many street and dress hats.
Much handwork goes into the making of our hardwood caskets.
Handwoven baskets are available in many styles and colors.
Any handwoven jacket gather right before custom, or wood grew it.
A handwriting is a writing
Handwriting are marking.
Handwriting are writing.
Handwriting becomes increasingly illegible and requires considerable time and effort.
Handwriting can be both personal and distinctive and still be readable.
Handwriting can be difficult to read.
Handwriting can be hard to read.
Handwriting involves fine motor skills.
Handwriting is in old style.
Handwriting needs to be improved.
Handwriting reveals the essentials of personality and character.
Handwriting tells it all.
Every handwriting shows natural variation.
Handwritten answers are unacceptable.
Handwritten application is required.
Handwritten applications are unacceptable .
Handwritten applications are unlikely to be funded.
Handwritten assignments are unacceptable.
Handwritten calculations are acceptable.
Handwritten captions give the scrapbook a personal touch.
Handwritten copies have the same power of Fa as the printed books.
Handwritten corrections are acceptable.
Handwritten corrections are permissible and much to be preferred to a tidy, error-ridden manuscript.
Handwritten corrections are preferable to uncorrected mistakes.
Handwritten entries can be difficult for the judges to read.
Handwritten envelopes get a better response that labeled envelopes.
Handwritten essays are discouraged, but acceptable.
Handwritten faxes seem to be the things that are most likely to get through, followed by phone call.
Handwritten forms are acceptable.
Handwritten forms are unacceptable.
Handwritten information can be hard to read and as a result it can take longer to publish.
Handwritten label is illegible.
Handwritten labels are difficult to read and process correctly.
Handwritten labels are unacceptable.
Handwritten letters are also fine, but be sure they are readable.
Handwritten letters are best.
Handwritten letters are fine as long as they are legible.
Handwritten letters are fine if they are legible.
Handwritten letters are fine if they are readable.
Handwritten letters are fine, but be sure they are legible.
Handwritten letters are fine, if they are readable.
Handwritten letters are fine, if they can be read.
Handwritten letters are inappropriate.
Handwritten letters are more effective.
Handwritten letters are okay if they're legible.
Handwritten letters are preferable to letters from a word processor.
Handwritten letters are unacceptable.
Handwritten letters carry the most weight.
Handwritten letters carry way more weight than typed letters or e-mail.
Handwritten letters have the greatest impact.
Handwritten letters reflect more time and caring.
Handwritten letters seem more personal, while typewritten letters appear businesslike.
Handwritten letters tend to be more effective than typed.
Handwritten letters tend to have the greatest impact.
Handwritten materials are unacceptable.
Handwritten mathematics is still the best.
Handwritten notes appear throughout score.
Handwritten notes are an important part of the process and shows thought, focus, and concentration.
Handwritten notes are both unmistakeable as such and are naturally limited in content.
Handwritten notes are even better than typed ones.
Handwritten notes express sincerity.
Handwritten numbers are fine.
Handwritten papers are acceptable if easily legible.
Handwritten papers are acceptable.
Handwritten papers are unacceptable.
Handwritten prescriptions are misread.
Handwritten receipts are acceptable only for taxicabs.
Handwritten records are important but sometimes they can be too subjective.
Handwritten reports are acceptable.
Handwritten reports are difficult to read and increase data entry errors.
Handwritten schematics are fine as long as the material is legible.
Handwritten script is too difficult to read and styles change over time.
Handwritten sign marks it as a private, family cemetery.
Handwritten signs indicate that a parking lot or facility is unlicensed.
Handwritten signs posted on shop doors tell customers the latest hours and featured offerings.
Handwritten signatures are unique to the person signing the document.
Handwritten solutions are fine as long as they are clearly written and presented.
Handwritten solutions are fine, as long as they are legible and neat.
Handwritten submissions are okay, typed preferred.
Handwritten text runs around the bean names.
Handwritten work is acceptable if it is neat and legible.
Handwritten work is fine as long as it is very neat.
Some handy accessories are a knife, a pair of pliers, and a rag.
Handy charts demonstrate how each place stacks up against the competition.
Handy charts indicate if records have been destroyed.
Handy charts shows which wireless providers are used in which banks and brokerages.
Handy clip helps to prevent loss.
Handy copy stand for input documents or materials.
Handy couple wants a home in good school district.
Handy dump handle for unloading.
Handy extension allows user to carry long items with ease.
Handy fellowship is of family living fairly often.
Handy gals can make their own prom dresses from a vintage or vintage-inspired pattern.
Handy headlamps are the name of the game here.
Some handy helpers volunteer during the week to do some of the repairs.
Handy highway pegs add comfort on the interstate.
Handy homeowners can save a bundle by doing some or all of the work themselves.
Handy homeowners like to do some remodeling themselves on floors and walls.
Handy icons indicate quickly which activities can be done in the car.
Handy index helps to locate cosmetic surgeons across Canada.
Handy indexes provide quick reference to unit contents, songs, and CD tracks.
Handy links offer explanations to puzzled parents who wonder where all that money is going.
Handy pen has matching neck cord.
Handy pocket holds small items.
Handy scapegoats pay the price.
Handy sidebars provide quick links to the most visited pages of the site.
Handy sites are available for picnicking or floating on the river with tubes or rafts.
Handy sites are available for picnicking or floating the river with tubes or rafts.
Handy size features five rings of nylon tufts.
Handy size fits in purse or pocket to travel anywhere.
Handy sliders make effects easy to manipulate.
Handy stand sets up anywhere.
Handy vinyl padded unit helps decrease static strain and muscle fatigue.
Handy water clean up.
Handy website lists all the major Internet search engines.
Handyman work is our specialty.
A handyman is a repairman
Handymen are hard to find and expensive.
Handymen have a very important role to play in roofing.
Many handymen are retired contractors working alone.
Hangar doors are the horizontal sliding type.
Hangar locations are consistent with current hangar facilities and current airport land use.
Hangar owner is sued for wrongful hangars.
Hangar space is available for transient aircraft on a first come first serve basis.
Hangar space is available in both of our community hangars.
Hangar space is limited, especially during the summer months.
Hangar space is minimized.
Hangar space is very limited.
Hangar steak is a tubelike muscle that holds the diaphragm in place.
A hangar is a structure
Hangars allow the entry of our other nature friends, flying or creeping.
Hangars are also available on site.
Hangars are available.
Hangars are large buildings.
Hangars are like gold.
Hangars are located in closets.
Hangars are located in planes.
Hangars can offer adequate protection against smaller storms.
Hangars tend to be very noisy.
Most hangars are built of metal, but other materials such as wood and concrete are also used.
A hanger is a worker
Hanger isa worker.
Hangers are available at the Bulldog Book Store for a small fee.
Hangers are available in powder-painted steel, aluminum, or stainless steel.
Hangers are easy to mount and are reusable.
Hangers are factory mounted.
Hangers are light, easy to use and very inexpensive.
Hangers are located in closets.
Hangers are support.
Hangers are workers.
Hangers carry weight from above a pipe with the support assemblies in tension.
Hangers changes the very nature of dry cleaning.
Hangers come with every picture.
Hangers finally have a distributor in Australia and the clothing line is available now.
Hangers have (part) arms.
Hangers have (part) body substances.
Hangers have (part) cell membranes.
Hangers have (part) cells.
Hangers have (part) corpi.
Hangers have (part) cytoplasm.
Hangers have (part) heads.
Hangers have (part) human bodies.
Hangers have (part) legs.
Hangers have (part) material bodies.
Hangers have (part) necks.
Hangers have (part) nuclei.
Hangers have (part) personality.
Hangers have (part) plasma membranes.
Hangers have (part) sections.
Hangers have (part) vacuoles.
Hangers There are various types of hangers available for containers.
Hangers typically break at the ninety-degree bend, and nuts can crack just about anywhere.
Hangers use clothe pins.
Hangers use pins.
Most hangers use clothe pins.
Most hangers use pins.
Some hangers trim their material on the table, some on the wall.
A hanging is support
Hangings are both decorative and a protection against drafts.
Hangings result in strangulation or complete decapitation.
A hangman is an executioner
Hangman provides loads of fun for all ages with the option to play against a friend or the computer.
Hangmen bury their mistakes in dirt.
A hangnail is skin
Hangnails are headlines.
A hangout is an area
Hangout Depends on who they are hanging with.
A hangover is discomfort
Hangovers are a welcome side effect of that brilliant American pastime.
Hangovers are amazing.
Hangovers are caused by the toxicity of the alcohol breaking down in the body.
Hangovers are discomfort.
Hangovers are diseases.
Hangovers are films.
Hangovers are in themselves depressing experiences.
Hangovers are survival.
Hangovers are the result of alcohol's toxicity.
Hangovers are usually the next-day result after consuming large amounts of alcohol.
Hangovers begin after blood alcohol levels start to fall.
Hangovers go away .
Hangovers go away.
Hangovers take on many forms, but they can be extremely creative.
Hangovers tend to be less wicked here as well.
Hangovers usually follow.
Hangul string is displayed on the right side of the cursor.
A hank is a coil
Hank accidentally uses crack for fish bait, getting fish hooked.
Hank agrees and unwittingly sets off an irreversible chain of tragedy.
Hank also offers suggestions for setting up nonprofit corporations or fiscal sponsorship.
Hank also plays bagpipes, and enjoys visiting Scotland.
Hank asks incredulously.
Hank belongs to.
Hank brings a card and gets everyone to sign it.
Hank closes nominations.
Hank collects hangers on trips, mainly from hotels of course.
Hank comes up with a simple plan.
Hank desperately stalls for time to get a gun from the sheriff s office.
HANK dies humorously.
Hank discusses some of the problems with the theory of evolution at the laymen's level.
Hank does well with separation when confined to a single room.
Hank enjoys photography and kyaking.
Hank entertains a propane client from Boston.
Hank even has a sense of humor to make learning fun.
Hank explains Pittsburgh's system and some views for the future.
Hank finds it ironic that no matter what century, the insolence of little boys stays the same.
Hank goes on a very dangerous mission to spy on the coyote village and arrest the murderer.
Hank helps find missing persons.
Hank helps unload.
Hank is a big red loveable Golden.
Hank is a billionaire philanthropist.
Hank is a dedicated trapper.
Hank is a gypsy cab driver with the bad habit of getting involved in other people's problems.
Hank is a handsome fellow who doesn t especially like small kids.
Hank is a hargle.
Hank is a household figure in a lot of Jewish homes.
Hank is a lover boy.
Hank is a nuclear engineer with a great big conscience, who is opposed to atmospheric testing.
Hank is a really great guy.
Hank is a scholar of people and issues.
Hank is a scruffy, smart-alecky super sleuth with a nose for danger and an eye for the ladies.
Hank is a service specialist.
Hank is a telecommunication services technician in the telecommunications office.
Hank is a true gentleman.
Hank is a very ineffective violent person.
Hank is a very sweet and dependable.
Hank is a virtual environment for driving and bicycycling simulation.
Hank is a well-traveled iguana.
Hank is accepted as a normal guy who just happens to be black physically.
Hank is aggressive and has no self-control.
Hank is also a licensed dog judge.
Hank is also an accomplished actor whose work has appeared on television and in film.
Hank is also an avid fisherman.
Hank is also aware and supportive of our efforts.
Hank is an air compressed system using a bicycle pump as the actuator.
Hank is an extremely loving dog, almost to a fault.
Hank is an independent Internet journalist who enjoys writing game reviews.
Hank is at bat, and the bases are loaded, with two men on third.
Hank is at work.
Hank is bright and caring.
Hank is coarse, violent, aggressive.
Hank is completely retired now.
Hank is conceived and the frenzy begins.
Hank is designed for experimentation and play.
Hank is employed by a successful computer firm in Delaware.
Hank is grunge.
Hank is jealous.
Hank is like that.
Hank is married and has three sons.
Hank is married and has two children.
Hank is no cad.
Hank is one of our best tech guys.
Hank is one of the most successful note brokers in the country.
Hank is ready.
Hank is single.
Hank is that way.
Hank is the father of two grown children.
Hank is the man of every dream.
Hank is the prestigious district attorney.
Hank is the smartest of the three, a college graduate.
Hank knows more about ballflight and what controls it than anyone in the game.
Hank knows software.
Hank let it go with a stern look.
Hank lives and works out of Winnipeg.
Hank loves to ride in the car.
Hank maintains a private practice of psychiatry in Rochester.
Hank needs to have a fenced yard at is new home.
Hank never takes a false step.
Hank personally inspects each bucktail, insuring they are properly tied.
Hank possesses a brilliant intellect.
Hank provides quality repairs and custom enhancements to handguns, rifles, and shotguns.
Hank remembers the name of a girl Jacob dated years ago, in high school.
Hank remembers the regulatory management as calm and commonsensical.
Hank says it deserves that titular award.
Hank schmoozes a potential customer.
Hank seeks to explore the limits of the ccd in light polluted skies.
Hank sees no way but to go forward.
Hank sets all of the prisoners free and watches as the ragged bunch emerges from the castle.
Hank suggests that they move to a neighboring tree in case the villagers figure out their ruse.
Hank tells of a recent harrowing experience.
Hank tells people they have to sin, making it a doctrine.
Hank tries to convince the others to turn the money into the police.
Hank tries to warn the sheriff about the fake agent, but the sheriff is killed.
Hank turns out to be spoiled, ill-tempered and undependable.
Hank ultimately solves the problem in the most un-PC way.
Hank unknowingly buys crack for fishing bait and gets arrested.
Hank visits the store often now.
Hank wants to do the right thing and turn in the money.
Hank wants to give up the whole idea of adopting a child of a different race.
Hank wants to leave the money where it is and phone the authorities.
Hanks adds that authenticity was important, too.
Hanks appears onscreen in a small role, and also directed one of the episodes.
Hanks are coils.
Hanks are criminals.
Hanks are electrical wire.
Hanks believes one of the master computers involved in the recent attacks is located in Brazil.
Hanks brings one particular good luck charm to the event.
Hanks can flat out act.
Hanks delivers one of the best performances of the year.
Hanks deserves full credit for that.
Hanks discusses the ways technology is changing the kitchen.
Hanks does a fine job of showing the resourcefulness of the human spirit.
Hanks embodies the role with a brutish charm.
Hanks even looks the part of the common guy.
Hanks flies to New York.
Hanks gives a compelling performance despite the scenario that occasionally runs dramatically dry.
Hanks goes onto that island selfish and self-absorbed.
Hanks has a cute dog.
Hanks has no affiliation with the memorial.
Hanks is a bright, decent, nice guy.
Hanks is a genuine pleasure to watch.
Hanks is a longhaired near maniac one minute.
Hanks is a powerhouse in the opening act of the film.
Hanks is alone on screen, with very few lines, for more than an hour of the movie.
Hanks is already aboard - the father is the newcomer.
Hanks is another.
Hanks is called upon yet again to play the innocent.
Hanks is fully aware of the possibility of such criticism.
Hanks is no fool.
Hanks is only moderately better.
Hanks is perched on a cliff, scanning the horizon.
Hanks is perfectly believable, without once going over the top.
Hanks is pretty clearly a class act and had a fine sense of humor.
Hanks is remarkable here.
Hanks is sad and confused in the real world.
Hanks is shipwrecked on a remote island and learns how to survive.
Hanks is still amazing.
Hanks is terrific as always.
Hanks is very athletic, fundamentally sound and can run, defend, rebound and score.
Hanks is very faithful to all three characters.
Hanks is very good and solid.
Hanks is, without a doubt, the best actor in Hollywood today.
Hanks keeps the movie entertaining.
Hanks lives with a book agent.
Hanks looks pasty and a little reptilian here.
Hanks loses energy and focus.
Hanks makes it look all so easy, other actors seem as hard as a coconut husk.
Hanks manages to keep the film cheerful and fresh and never calculated or trite.
Hanks plays Hanks.
Hanks plays the band's manager.
Hanks plays the head prison guard on death row.
Hanks pulls out a handful of cards about various recovery groups.
Hanks reproduces the period as lovingly as any filmmaker has.
Hanks says no.
Hanks simply creates unforgettable characters with unrivaled sensitivity and deftness of touch.
Hanks spends the next four years alone on an island with only a dolled-up volleyball for company.
Hanks takes a long time to register feelings.
Hanks takes no risks, either as a writer or as a director.
Hanks tries to survive on the island with often funny and sometimes scary results.
Hanks washes up on a desert island.
A hankey is a piece
A hankey is cloth
Hankey is appointed as the dog-control officer by both towns.
Hankey is supposed to submit a bill for the kennel use on a monthly basis.
Hankie isa piece.
Hankies have (part) hems.
Hankies have (part) sections.
A hanky is a piece
A hanky is cloth
Hankies are another item that's easily framed.
Hankies have (part) hems.
Hankies have (part) sections.
Hanky isa piece.
Hanseatic merchants establish common rights at the Flemish harbor of Bruges.
Hanseswari temple has a unique architectural style.
Hansol company profile all products product est.
Hanuman langurs have a puzzling behavior.
Hanuman langurs live in single-male groups.
Some hanuman langurs have brownish fur.
Some hanuman langurs have fur.
Some hanuman langurs have gray fur.
Hanuman temples dot the entire length and breath of the country.
Hanuman isa langur.
Hanumans have (part) brains.
Hanumans have (part) breasts.
Hanumans have (part) cell membranes.
Hanumans have (part) cells.
Hanumans have (part) chest cavities.
Hanumans have (part) chests.
Hanumans have (part) corpi.
Hanumans have (part) cytoplasm.
Hanumans have (part) ears.
Hanumans have (part) faces.
Hanumans have (part) heads.
Hanumans have (part) nuclei.
Hanumans have (part) pedal extremities.
Hanumans have (part) piluses.
Hanumans have (part) plasma membranes.
Hanumans have (part) rib cages.
Hanumans have (part) sections.
Hanumans have (part) skulls.
Hanumans have (part) sterna.
Hanumans have (part) vacuoles.
Hanumans have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hanumans use power.
Most hanumans use power.
Some hanumans arrive at scenes.
Some hanumans become ministers.
Some hanumans have ability.
Some hanumans receive education.
Some hanumans take up seats.
A haoma is a vine
Haoma is supposed to make the child healthy.
A hap is an accident
HAP accommodates special groups with developmental, physical or learning disabilities.
HAP offers support through a wide variety of housing programs and services.
HAP works in three ways.
HAPs also cause serious environmental damage.
Haps are accidents.
Haps are exactly the opposite.
HAPs are organic compounds and heavy metals such as lead and mercury.
Hapa culture is about that.
HAPG funds are to be used to conduct a comprehensive study of housing issues.
Haphazard diversification is often di-worsification .
Hapjack soils are shallow.
Hapkido practitioners demonstrate a heel kick.
Hapkido practitioners demonstrate kicking techniques.
Hapless bachelors try to wriggle out of rashly made engagements.
Hapless critters stand and shiver.
Haplobiontic organisms have either gametangial or zygotic meiosis.
Haploid cells are cells.
Haploid cells are eukaryotic cells.
Haploid cells can fuse in fertilization, forming a new diploid cell.
Haploid cells grow vegetatively by budding and are non-pathogenic.
Haploid cells have half of a full set of chromosomes.
Haploid cells have twice the normal number of chromosomes.
Haploid embryos develop from the female genetic complement only.
Haploid gametophytes comprise plants.
Most haploid gametophytes comprise plants.
Some haploid gametophytes produce leaves.
Haploid myceliums meet haploid myceliums.
Haploid myceliums meet myceliums.
Most haploid myceliums meet haploid myceliums.
Most haploid myceliums meet myceliums.
Some haploid myceliums absorb nutrients.
Haploid offspring undergo development.
Haploid organisms undergo meiosis.
Haploid plants are smaller than diploids.
Haploid plants are useful in mutation studies.
Haploid plants produce gametes.
Some haploid plants live for many years.
Some haploid plants live for years.
Haploid selections have effects.
Most haploid selections have effects.
Haploid spores are dispersed by wind.
Haploid spores germinate into gametophytes.
Haploid spores undergo mitosis.
Most haploid spores are dispersed by wind.
Most haploid spores germinate into gametophytes.
Most haploid spores undergo mitosis.
Some haploid spores develop into gametophytes.
Some haploid spores develop into haploid gametophytes.
Some haploid spores develop into multicellular structures.
Some haploid spores develop into structures.
Some haploid spores grow into gametophytes.
Haploid tissue has functions.
Haploid tissue has similar functions.
Most haploid tissue has functions.
Most haploid tissue has similar functions.
A haploid is an organism
Haploid have one set of chromosomes while diploid have two.
Haploids are common, many of which are paternal.
Haploids are organisms.
Haploids form homozygous diploids spontaneously at low frequency in cultures.
Haploids mate to form diploids, which also grow mitotically.
Haplorhine primates have only rods in their retina.
A haplotype is a combination
Haplotype refers to the set of genes on any one chromosome.
Haplotypes are combinations.
Haplotypes exist because certain polymorphisms tend to be linked to others on the chromosome.
Many haplotypes are in strong positive linkage disequilibrium.
A happening is an event
Happening are events.
Happening is bands.
Happening isa event.
Happenings also includes a calendar of events in each issue.
Happenings appears Thursdays in each neighborhood section and in the Johnson County publications.
Happenings coalesce in the cards.
Happenings is dedicated to public service and community announcements.
Happenings Look for industry news, race results, upcoming events, and personalities.
All happenings are in the mind.
All happenings are understandable as seriations of a causal series, as links of a causal chain.
A happenstance is an accident
Happenstance can be a factor, but there is often a more personal reason.
Happenstance is a wonderful thing.
Happenstance performs at least twice a month, often doing performances that last four hours.
Happier customers come back more often and tell their friends.
Happier customers mean happier developers, which means they develop more.
Happier employees are more productive and make for a better workplace all around.
Happier employees mean increased productivity, and increased productivity affects the bottom line.
Happier events can create anxiety too.
Much happier experiences lay ahead.
Happier people tend to drink alcohol in moderation.
Happier subscribers mean less churn.
Happier women seem to think about sex more often than unhappy women.
Happier workers contribute to a healthier business environment that earns bigger profits.
Happily business is great and more importantly, fun and creative.
Happiness abounds, everyone wins.
Happiness almost perfect but possibly temporary.
Happiness alone moves the desire.
Happiness already is.
Happiness also comes from the decisions one makes.
Happiness also is irreducible.
Happiness also reflects our perception of the harmony and functioning of the external world.
Happiness also requires a minimal amount of external goods.
Happiness also seems to rest in other members' lives.
Happiness annihilates time.
Happiness appears to have a protective effect when it comes to health.
Happiness are the main structures.
Happiness aspires to shock audiences with the unnaturalness of man.
Happiness becomes a fading memory.
Happiness becomes merely a pill, smoke or injection.
Happiness becomes our decision to let go of judgments based upon the past.
Happiness becomes the catch-all legitimizer for any personal indulgence.
Happiness begins in the head.
Happiness begins where selfishness ends.
Happiness binds parent and baby and fosters the infant's developing competence.
Happiness breeds success.
Happiness brings health.
Happiness brings laughter in hearts full of sorrow.
Happiness burns merit.
Happiness calls out responsive gladness in others.
Happiness can be contingent upon a role as productive and worthwhile employee.
Happiness can be just around the corner.
Happiness can become a rare rather than a usual experience.
Happiness can breed complacency.
Happiness can come and go.
Happiness can come at the strangest of times.
Happiness can never come from outside.
Happiness can only come from within.
Happiness can overwrite unhappiness - given a chance.
Happiness can vanish in the blink of an eye.
Happiness carries from several cap although master telecom.
Happiness causes a desire to fiddles.
Happiness causes a desire to play games.
Happiness causes faster breathing.
Happiness causes laughter.
Happiness causes love.
Happiness causes tears.
Happiness comes and goes.
Happiness comes as a by-product of a higher purpose for their relationship.
Happiness comes as a result of doing .
Happiness comes by pure thoughts.
Happiness comes from a choice to be grateful.
Happiness comes from accomplishment.
Happiness comes from acquiring knowledge and ultimately wisdom.
Happiness comes from attitude, from within.
Happiness comes from awareness of our needs and responsibilities and choosing appropriate behavior.
Happiness comes from choosing which to remember.
Happiness comes from circumstances.
Happiness comes from counting blessings.
Happiness comes from freedom.
Happiness comes from giving away and sharing.
Happiness comes from letting go.
Happiness comes from opening up to people, emotions, and experiences.
Happiness comes from our circumstances, weddings, births and achievements.
Happiness comes from outstripping others in the hopeless competition of life.
Happiness comes from peace of mind.
Happiness comes from positive actions.
Happiness comes from putting our hearts into our work and doing it with joy and enthusiasm.
Happiness comes from sharing happiness.
Happiness comes from the inside.
Happiness comes from the pursuit of a worthwhile goal.
Happiness comes from understanding unity.
Happiness comes from within, from family, from friends and from loved ones.
Happiness comes from within.
Happiness comes hand in hand with material possessions.
Happiness comes in small doses, folks.
Happiness comes in small doses.
Happiness comes more from an attitude of gratitude than from unrelenting abundance.
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, and to be needed.
Happiness comes only from checking the stock price every two hours.
Happiness comes through creativity and productivity.
Happiness comes via leisure pastimes and romance.
Happiness comes when our needs are met and there is no pain.
Happiness comes when unhappiness goes.
Happiness comes with the achievement of a desired goal.
Happiness comes, happiness goes.
Happiness concerns three generations of a dysfunctional New Jersey family.
Happiness concludes with a pretty tribute to what the professor calls the American cow.
Happiness consists in a complete life lived according to virtue.
Happiness consists in a destiny harmonizing with our faculties.
Happiness consists in getting enough sleep.
Happiness consists in perfect activity.
Happiness consists in the multiplicity of agreeable consciousness.
Happiness consists of unlimited material acquisition.
Happiness correlates very poorly with increases in standards of living over time.
Happiness depends on circumstances.
Happiness depends on perception, just as with music on the ear.
Happiness depends on the external.
Happiness depends on the mind.
Happiness depends upon a happening.
Happiness depends upon circumstances.
Happiness depends upon external motivation and external stimuli.
Happiness depends upon happenings.
Happiness depends upon how one looks at things.
Happiness depends upon the eye of faith.
Happiness depends, as Nature shows, less on exterior things than most suppose.
Happiness disappears daily and reapears whenever.
Happiness eludes the time-bound and the earthbound.
Happiness encourages coaches to do more, and the cycle repeats itself.
Happiness equals freedom from tyranny, but work equals money, and money equals tyranny.
Happiness excludes all misery.
Happiness exists in memories, or in a flawed form, precariously existing from one scene to the next.
Happiness feels utterly like one man's vision.
Happiness follows a complex story line woven through the lives of almost a dozen central characters.
Happiness goes a long way towards being beautiful.
Happiness grows at our own firesides.
Happiness grows in degree, as it widens and spreads among the many.
Happiness grows manic.
Happiness grows through practice.
Happiness grows with contemplation .
Happiness has a direct relationship with good health.
Happiness has a rational basis.
Happiness has a thousand names, but sorrow has none.
Happiness has an almost perfectly-modulated tone.
Happiness has no end.
Happiness has no prerequisite other than life itself.
Happiness has nothing to do with fame and fortune.
Happiness has something to do with struggling and enduring and accomplishing.
Happiness has something to do with struggling, enduring and accomplishing.
Happiness has to be earn.
Happiness has to be shared.
Happiness has to be sought from within.
Happiness has to do with being rich and famous.
Happiness has to do with happenings.
Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it.
Happiness includes a natural capacity that is satisfied.
Happiness includes but is higher than justice.
Happiness includes offering new and innovative classes such as kickboxing and boot camp.
Happiness influences all of one's actions, desires and thoughts.
Happiness involves working toward meaningful goals.
Happiness is . . .
Happiness Is . . .
Happiness is . .
Happiness is a beach.
Happiness is a beautiful thing that glitters everything it touches.
Happiness is a belt fed automatic weapon.
Happiness is a belt fed weapon.
Happiness is a belt-fed weapon Hard work has a future payoff.
Happiness is a belt-fed weapon.
Happiness is a bright song.
Happiness is a broad word, and very complex in it s achievement.
Happiness is a bunch of love.
Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy.
Happiness is a by-product of assurance of salvation.
Happiness is a byproduct of doing a few simple things right in our lives.
Happiness is a byproduct of doing the right thing.
Happiness is a by-product of function.
Happiness is a byproduct of helping others and leading a meaningful life.
Happiness is a byproduct of something else and lots of money is to vague.
Happiness is a by-product of the ardent fervor of our spirits.
Happiness is a byproduct.
Happiness is a by-product.
Happiness is a candle burning in the night.
Happiness is a canister of nerve gas, a large satchel, and a good running start.
Happiness is a cheerful poem.
Happiness is a choice .
Happiness is a choice at every moment.
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times.
Happiness is a choice, a decision, an infinite number of actions taken with joy.
Happiness is a choice.
Happiness is a clear conscience, unsullied by the reproach or remembrance of an unworthy action.
Happiness is a click away on the gray box below.
Happiness is a cold cartoonist.
Happiness is a comparative quality.
Happiness is a completely subjective standard.
Happiness is a condition of mind often confused with the means of happiness.
Happiness is a counterfeit high that quickly goes away.
Happiness is a crackling fire under a starry country canopy or . . . .
Happiness is a crescent moon burning very bright.
Happiness is a culmination of many good things.
Happiness is a dark, dark comedy about emotional alienation and family dysfunctions.
Happiness is a decision.
Happiness is a different thing altogether.
Happiness is a disguise, in a fallen world.
Happiness is a dog come home.
Happiness is a face, a calming breeze.
Happiness is a fascinating pastiche of musical cultures and personal statements.
Happiness is a feeling that is hard to describe.
Happiness is a feeling.
Happiness is a first principle and therefore it is precious and divine .
Happiness is a flower that blooms from steer manure.
Happiness is a form of courage.
Happiness is a form of knowledge.
Happiness is a free bird in flight, an arrow without target, joy without end, an end in itself.
Happiness is a full backup.
Happiness is a full crop.
Happiness is a function of sun, temperature, and humidity.
Happiness is a general theme in Sandy's work, as is hopefulness.
Happiness is a good business decision.
Happiness is a good hike.
Happiness is a good in itself.
Happiness is a good polar alignment.
Happiness is a good thing in a woman.
Happiness is a good thing.
Happiness is a habit.
Happiness is a Happy Team Because it Works.
Happiness is a hug.
Happiness is a kind of emotional resting place of quiet satisfaction with one's life.
Happiness is a kiss, joy a golden wedding anniversary.
Happiness is a lasting feeling of joy and gratitude.
Happiness is a lead pipe.
Happiness is a left brain function .
Happiness is a less intense but more durable feeling of well being.
Happiness is a living emotion.
Happiness is a long walk with a putter.
Happiness is a matter of choice.
Happiness is a measure of the overall health, growth, and harmony of the entire body and mind.
Happiness is a miracle.
Happiness is a much more worthwhile goal, and is obtained by being in control of one's desires.
Happiness is a New Car, for some.
Happiness is a new hay bale.
Happiness is a new idea.
Happiness is a nymphomaniac lobbyist.
Happiness is a peaceful passing.
Happiness is a personal issue, purely personal.
Happiness is a personality reaction.
Happiness is a pontoon with electricity, and luxury is a hot shower.
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
Happiness is a positive thing, but very temporal.
Happiness is a purely mental thing.
Happiness is a pursuit that finds success through purpose, accomplishment, and possibility.
Happiness is a rainbow bright across the sky.
Happiness is a rare travel companion.
Happiness is a red rose swaying in the breeze.
Happiness is a relative state and exists only with it's opposite.
Happiness is a result of a decision to be happy.
Happiness is a right and a choice.
Happiness is a sad song.
Happiness is a sensation experienced when two or more harmonious energy systems unite or polarize.
Happiness is a sensation of our soul and joy is a positive sensation of our spirit.
Happiness is a shy thing.
Happiness is a skill too often taken for granted.
Happiness is a smile, a laugh or an inner glow.
Happiness is a sort of action.
Happiness is a sparkling new eyepiece.
Happiness is a star from above.
Happiness is a state of activity.
Happiness is a state of being.
Happiness is a state of mind of being happy.
Happiness is a state of mind.
Happiness is a state of the soul.
Happiness is a state.
Happiness is a stochastic phenomenon.
Happiness is a strong alibi.
Happiness is a substantial pay-back.
Happiness is a term with different meanings and levels, depending on who one asks.
Happiness is a thing to be practiced like the violin.
Happiness is a unity.
Happiness is a universal human goal.
Happiness is a very small desk and a very big wastebasket.
Happiness is a very small desk and a very large wastebasket.
Happiness is a warm gearshift knob.
Happiness is a warm gun.
Happiness is a warm modem.
Happiness is a warm neurotransmitter.
Happiness is a warm puppy with an empty bladder.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
Happiness is a way of life.
Happiness is a wet slobbery kiss from a cute, cuddly puppy.
Happiness is a wonderful feeling.
Happiness is a word for amateurs.
Happiness is a wordless, static thing, nearly impossible to capture.
Happiness is a worthy guiding principle.
Happiness is about what the title indicates, or rather, the lack thereof.
Happiness is achievable.
Happiness is achieved by moving toward a desired outcome.
Happiness is achieved through sacrifice.
Happiness is acquired in many ways.
Happiness is actually that simple.
Happiness is after all just a word, a mask, for something else.
Happiness is albums.
Happiness is all around, but it often comes in small grains.
Happiness is also a luxury.
Happiness is also an obligation.
Happiness is also courage.
Happiness is always a by-product of faith.
Happiness is always a by-product.
Happiness is always a day away.
Happiness is 'always already' relative, even for the naturally sanguine.
Happiness is always key in maintaining a healthy immune system.
Happiness is always somewhere over the rainbow.
Happiness is an A grade for a hard work well done.
Happiness is an achievement.
Happiness is an activity of the soul in accord with perfect virtue.
Happiness is an amalgam of positive emotions.
Happiness is an art, being happy is like writing poems.
Happiness is an attitude.
Happiness is an edited file.
Happiness is an effect.
Happiness is an emotion and emotions have understandable rational causes.
Happiness is an emotion.
Happiness is an emotional state and can hypothetically be induced with drugs.
Happiness is an end, hedonism is a means.
Happiness is an experience of the inner man or woman, or of the child.
Happiness is an experience.
Happiness is an illusive thing.
Happiness is an important factor in keeping a vault functioning a peak efficiency.
Happiness is an inner state of well being.
Happiness is an inside job.
Happiness is an internal state of mind.
Happiness is an ultimate goal.
Happiness is an ultimate good.
Happiness is anywhere that people take time to care.
Happiness is around the corner.
Happiness is around the next corner, wealth down the street.
Happiness is as happiness does.
Happiness is as important to teachers as it is to every other human being.
Happiness is as snug as a bug.
Happiness is assured.
Happiness is at last within our reach.
Happiness is at the heart of Christian teaching.
Happiness is attainable.
Happiness is attained through action.
Happiness is attained through sacrifice.
Happiness is back in style.
Happiness is based on circumstances.
Happiness is based on 'happenings'.
Happiness is based on internal rather than external factors.
Happiness is based on living generously.
Happiness is beneficial or the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
Happiness is better than art.
Happiness is blotted out by selfishness, agression, litter and drugs.
Happiness is boring.
Happiness is born in the mind, joy in the heart.
Happiness is bound to happen.
Happiness is brief.
Happiness is but the result of achieved personality desire.
Happiness Is Camping A camp for children with cancer.
Happiness Is Camping provides kids with cancer a great summer experience.
Happiness is capable of spread.
Happiness is caused by satisfaction of underlying values.
Happiness is circumstantial, subject to the shifting vicissitudes of everyday life.
Happiness is circumstantial.
Happiness is clearly fundamental in our lives.
Happiness is conceived as the overall appreciation of one's life as a whole.
Happiness is conditional.
Happiness is contagious.
Happiness is contentment, or the illusion thereof.
Happiness is contentment.
Happiness is created by satisfaction.
Happiness is critical to permanent learning.
Happiness is crucial to spiritual growth as are people, experiences and events.
Happiness is defeatable.
Happiness is defined as obedience to the leader, or as the sense of community provided by the cult.
Happiness is defined as the discounted value of the utility over the remaining lifespan.
Happiness is defined as the final end .
Happiness is dependent on circumstances.
Happiness is dependent on what happens, but joy is a choice.
Happiness is derived when our innate self coincides with our behavior and personality.
Happiness is desirable in itself and never for the sake of something else.
Happiness is determined by belief.
Happiness is different from pleasure.
Happiness is different.
Happiness is earned by remaining virtuous even in the face of adversity .
Happiness is earned by selfless actions.
Happiness is elusive and decisions are often difficult.
Happiness is elusive, subtle.
Happiness is elusive.
Happiness is emotion.
Happiness is emotional states.
Happiness is energy and energy capacity.
Happiness is energy and power for living.
Happiness is equated with getting, acquiring or accomplishing something.
Happiness is equated with pleasure.
Happiness is equilibrium.
Happiness is especially low among the unemployed, the authors find.
Happiness is essential for both the individual and the group.
Happiness is essential for the health and growth of love.
Happiness is essential to succeed as a salesman Riding on a smile and a shoeshine .
Happiness is essentially an inner emotional experience, in the heart.
Happiness is everything.
Happiness is everywhere.
Happiness is fairly pervasive among consumers.
Happiness is far deeper than transient pleasure.
Happiness is fear and ignorance.
Happiness is fearless progress.
Happiness is feather-light, ephemeral, a dust that fails to settle.
Happiness is feelings.
Happiness is five different crayons.
Happiness is fleeting, it's true.
Happiness is for the good natured.
Happiness is found at the cash register.
Happiness is found from non-selfish acts and is cultivated with time and work.
Happiness is found in balance and moderation.
Happiness is found in generous care for others.
Happiness is found in the homes of our friends and families.
Happiness is found in the little things.
Happiness is from within.
Happiness is futile.
Happiness is gained through the relaxation response.
Happiness is good for the body, but it is grief which develops the strengths of the mind.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is good health and bad memory.
Happiness is good health.
Happiness is good music on demand.
Happiness is good.
Happiness is governed by law.
Happiness is gratitude for life itself .
Happiness is guaranteed to seek out any sad soul.
Happiness Is Handcrafted miniature porcelain dolls, antique reproduction furniture and accessories.
Happiness is hard to define.
Happiness is hard to evaluate, but they are well fed and have few worries.
Happiness is hard to find, but comes with peace of mind.
Happiness is healthy .
Happiness is heavy.
Happiness is here.
Happiness is holidays spent running up the beach.
Happiness is hollow, . . .
Happiness is holy.
Happiness is homemade.
Happiness is hot.
Happiness is identified with pleasure and the absence of pain.
Happiness is imperative to make life bearable.
Happiness is impossible to a robot.
Happiness is impossible to find in material possessions.
Happiness is in the air.
Happiness is in the living more than the making.
Happiness is in the long haul.
Happiness is in the rebuilding.
Happiness is in their flight.
Happiness is incense blown apart by a dancing bullet.
Happiness is indicated through children and spouse today.
Happiness is inevitable in true love.
Happiness is inside.
Happiness is internal.
Happiness is just an illusion caused by the temporary absence of reality.
Happiness is just around the next turn.
Happiness is just one of the intrinsically desirable things.
Happiness is just out of reach, tantalizingly beyond the omnipresent mirrors and window panes.
Happiness is kept at bay because less important things get in the way.
Happiness is largely under our control.
Happiness is largly dependent upon events or circumstances.
Happiness is lasting and can leave one fulfilled.
Happiness is less the goal of life than the consequence of having attained it.
Happiness is like a butterfly.
Happiness is like a fair damsel in a castle turret.
Happiness is like a gift, it lasts for a moment but it is worth it.
Happiness is like a piano.
Happiness is like jam.
Happiness is like potato salad - when shared with others, it's a picnic. . .
Happiness is like the moon, waxing and waning.
Happiness is like the surface of the sea.
Happiness is like water seeping through mud.
Happiness is located in celebration.
Happiness is located in operas.
Happiness is long term and innocent in nature.
Happiness is Love.
Happiness is lower among the very poor.
Happiness is made of pleasure, utility and good.
Happiness is made to be shared.
Happiness is mandatory.
Happiness is manifest in a state of peace and tranquility in oneself, in the family and community.
Happiness is many different things to many different people.
Happiness is many different things, A lovely flower, or a bird on the wing.
Happiness is merely the remission of pain.
Happiness is misunderstood.
Happiness is mood.
Happiness is more a process than it is a goal.
Happiness is more better than money.
Happiness is more dependent on how good external conditions and situations are.
Happiness is more important than money.
Happiness is more likely to be found in the workshop than in the mall.
Happiness is more spiritual than reaching some goals.
Happiness is more than a warm climate.
Happiness is more than material well-being.
Happiness is morning and evening, daytime and nighttime too.
Happiness is natural to our species and absolutely essential to our health and well-being.
Happiness is near the center of the homeostatic regime, a state to which the robot aspires.
Happiness is necessary and nothing more.
Happiness is never grand.
Happiness is never perfect.
Happiness is no dream, and perfection is no dream.
Happiness is no laughing matter.
Happiness is nothing but everyday living seen through a veil.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is nothing other than that.
Happiness is obliviousness.
Happiness is observed at attaining spiritual upliftment after a month of fasting.
Happiness is of the moment.
Happiness is of the soul, the reality of being and fullness through understanding and compassion.
Happiness is often elusive.
Happiness is often more potent when artificially induced.
Happiness is often the half-way point between too little and too much.
Happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable.
Happiness is on the inside.
Happiness is on the outside with things.
Happiness is on the outside.
Happiness is on the way.
Happiness is one of the most important things in a person's life.
Happiness is only an empty word.
Happiness is only now.
Happiness is only one click away.
Happiness is only temporary.
Happiness is our birthright.
Happiness is our decision to let go of judgments based upon the past.
Happiness is our highest good.
Happiness is outer-centered.
Happiness is over-rated.
Happiness is paramount to being successful.
Happiness is part of social stability.
Happiness is peace of mind and body.
Happiness is peace of mind.
Happiness is perhaps like beauty, in the eye of the beholder.
Happiness is possible.
Happiness is priceless.
Happiness is really the greater goal.
Happiness is relative.
Happiness is right here and now.
Happiness is rooted in misery.
Happiness is self-actualization and fulfillment.
Happiness is short-lived and quickly meets despair.
Happiness is simply a state of inner freedom.
Happiness is so hard to find.
Happiness is socially acceptable.
Happiness is something most people pursue, and it's a big element in bringing couples together.
Happiness is something that is long-term.
Happiness is something that most people are concerned about and want.
Happiness is something that multiplies by division.
Happiness is sometimes like being disconnected.
Happiness is spirit
Happiness is states of mind.
Happiness is sunshine.
Happiness is sweetness for our lives.
Happiness is temporary and fleeting.
Happiness is that charming little creaking noise the rack makes during the first turn.
Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one's values.
Happiness is the absence of ill-being.
Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness.
Happiness is the absence of unhappiness.
Happiness is the act of living a virtuous life.
Happiness is the atmosphere in which all good affections grow. .
Happiness is the atmosphere in which all good affections grow.
Happiness is the beginning for everything.
Happiness is the best Facelift.
Happiness is the best kind of personal filmmaking.
Happiness is the best, noblest and most pleasant thing.
Happiness is the bold, impressive work of a filmmaker with a statement to make.
Happiness is the by-product of serving others.
Happiness is the core of all things.
Happiness is the corner.
Happiness is the crotch rot coming under control.
Happiness is the delighted laughter that unfortunately has to end.
Happiness is the dividend earned on a well invested life.
Happiness is the emotional reward of a successful human life.
Happiness is the end of human beings.
Happiness is the fantasy of the arrogant and deluded.
Happiness is the feeling resulting from the process of regaining the state of optimal tension.
Happiness is the goal of all moral acts and virtue.
Happiness is the goal of the separated self.
Happiness is the god-like prize of a virtuous life.
Happiness is the grand object of pursuit among all men.
Happiness is the greatest goal and the ultimate reward of existence.
Happiness is the harmony of adaptability, love and self-discipline.
Happiness is the harmony of the body and mind and heart.
Happiness is the illusion of the perpetually deceived.
Happiness is the inevitable result of a certain kind of life the servant life.
Happiness is the internal state of the mind.
Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness.
Happiness is the key to harmony, and harmony is needed to live as human beings in our civilization.
Happiness is the key to success.
Happiness is the key.
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
Happiness is the measure of one's productivity.
Happiness is the mind freed from the tyranny of desire.
Happiness is the most fulfilling end, the sum of all other ends.
Happiness is the most important.
Happiness is the most precious thing in the world.
Happiness is the most valuable prize in life.
Happiness is the natural state of the organism, a kind of free breathing joy in simple living.
Happiness is the one ingredient that one everyone wants in life.
Happiness is the one thing everybody wants all the time.
Happiness is the only good.
Happiness is the only human state that measures our overall physical and mental well-being.
Happiness is the only measure.
Happiness is the opposite of boredom and gained by joining the latest fad.
Happiness is the opposite of conflict.
Happiness is the opposite of incompleteness and achieved by personal fulfillment.
Happiness is the opposite of poverty and secured by purchase.
Happiness is the outcome of harmony.
Happiness is the outcome of such activity.
Happiness is the perfect harmony of good music on a lazy afternoon.
Happiness is the place between too little and too much.
Happiness is the pleasure of the moment, the goal.
Happiness is the principle of actions and the cause of all good things.
Happiness is the proof of the pudding.
Happiness is the proper pursuit of our human lives.
Happiness is the remedy for all kinds of diseases because many illnesses are caused by depression.
Happiness is the result of a decision to be happy.
Happiness is the result of living according to virtue.
Happiness is the result of responsible thoughts and behaviors which often require work to achieve.
Happiness is the result of the harmonious exercise of wisdom, virtue, love and purity.
Happiness is the result.
Happiness is the reward.
Happiness is the same.
Happiness is the skin peeling off in large, satisfying sheets.
Happiness is the sole pursuit of the winemaker.
Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Happiness is the topic for the year.
Happiness is the transcending of pleasure and pain.
Happiness is the ultimate end of government.
Happiness is the ultimate goal of education, and happiness comes from within.
Happiness is the virtuous actvity of the soul.
Happiness is the way.
Happiness IS the way.
Happiness is there.
Happiness is tied to circumstances.
Happiness is to be avoided.
Happiness is to be found even in the practice of the rites of religion.
Happiness is to be found in the laws the Bible teaches, and nowhere else.
Happiness is to contribute, to be productive, to make a difference.
Happiness is to desire something, to work for it, and to obtain at least a part of it.
Happiness is to love and to be loved.
Happiness is today's most sought-after pleasure in the Western World.
Happiness is too abstract.
Happiness is too much trouble.
Happiness is transitory and smaller.
Happiness is truly a driving force here.
Happiness is twin floppies.
Happiness is two kinds of ice cream.
Happiness is ultimately internal.
Happiness is usually short-lived.
Happiness is Vermont.
Happiness is very important and precious.
Happiness is virtue of the soul .
Happiness is virtuous activity that fulfills our proper function.
Happiness is waiting, happiness is time.
Happiness is wasted on the well-adjusted.
Happiness is what health is about.
Happiness is what people strive for in their daily lives.
Happiness is when the last tuition is paid for, the youngest moves out and the dog dies.
Happiness is where art, philosophy, history, literature, the sciences, and mathematics reside.
Happiness is wonderful, but joy is forever.
Happiness is worth more than all the gold in the world.
Happiness is worth more than wealth.
Happiness is, according to Aristotelian theory, the final end or human good.
Happiness is, chemically speaking, opium is the poppy.
Happiness is, in many ways, a personal matter.
Happiness is, in the end, a simple thing.
Happiness is. .
Happiness isa emotion.
Happiness just comes spontaneously.
Happiness leads to peace of mind.
Happiness lies in equality.
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory.
Happiness lies in permanency.
Happiness lies in the dream.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Happiness lies more in giving than in receiving.
Happiness lies within.
Happiness lies, first of all, in health.
Happiness makes man forget how time passes.
Happiness makes poor copy.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
Happiness means always living with a full heart.
Happiness means being well-fed and feeling good.
Happiness means different things to different people.
Happiness means moving as little as possible once the game starts.
Happiness means owning a lot of stuff.
Happiness means quiet nerves.
Happiness means something different for everyone.
Happiness means to live with great joy, securely founded on the creative power of life.
Happiness merges with that which knows no seperation.
Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Happiness never is guaranteed.
Happiness never seems to leave their eyes.
Happiness nourishes the soul.
Happiness overflows every Mexican home.
Happiness paying Eighteen against group around none apartments arkansas how taste aside most reason.
Happiness paying Eighteen against group around none neck wraps how taste aside most reason.
Happiness really begins at home.
Happiness really does come from within.
Happiness reigns over sadness, though.
Happiness requires both complete virtue and a complete life.
Happiness requires discipline, determination and hard work.
Happiness requires few steps in a long ladder.
Happiness requires love, enlightenment, truth, getting higher needs met, and inner harmony.
Happiness requires peace of mind.
Happiness requires wealth and good luck.
Happiness resides in opinion.
Happiness resides in our soul .
Happiness results only from difficulties.
Happiness save Eighteen under group against none bath lighting how paying around most reason.
Happiness save Eighteen under group against none cabots stains how paying around most reason.
Happiness save Eighteen under group against none joist hangers how paying around most reason.
Happiness seems elusive.
Happiness seems made to be shared.
Happiness seems so far off, and peace, out of reach.
Happiness seems to be only a vision away.
Happiness seems very unpredictable, inconsistent, irrational.
Happiness seems, if anything, to be trending down.
Happiness sits on laughters.
Happiness soars to a heavenly level.
Happiness then is the best, noblest, and most pleasant thing in the world. . .
Happiness then is the best, noblest, and most pleasant thing in the world.
Happiness ultimately comes from a sense that one is contributing to the well-being of the community.
Happiness writes white, goes the phrase.
Happiness always goes a lot further than a couple of extra dollars in the paycheck.
Happiness always prevails in the end.
Happiness always seems to be just one more gadget away.
Happiness always seems to be just over the next hill, around the next bend.
Happiness often depends on our attitude rather than on our circumstances.
Happiness often happens at a smaller firm.
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
All happiness is in the mind.
Much happiness stands in little anxiety.
Happy accidents abound.
Happy accidents play a large role in the art of wood-firing, both philosophically and aesthetically.
Happy babies expect it to be plentiful, prompt, predictable and tender.
Happy bears hold their hands high in the air, and sad bears hold their hands down low.
Happy bears taste sweet and are easy to catch.
Happy birds sing and glide over rivers and forest.
Happy Birthday Have a great day.
Happy Birthday SING a song.
Happy cats make happy owners.
Every happy cat needs a good meal .
Happy children are healthy, nurtured, well-fed and have an active life.
Happy childhoods last a lifetime.
Happy clients make for a happy business.
Happy clients make the best sales people.
Happy clients mean a happier staff and a more successful practice.
Happy clients pay more and do more business.
Happy clients pay quicker and are less likely to leave the firm.
Happy coincidences happen all the time.
Happy consumers signify that the business of education is successful.
Happy couple give each other a kiss for the photographers.
Happy couples are faithful.
Happy couples are more likely to agree, approve and use humor and laughter.
Happy couples base their relationship on a strong, spiritual foundation.
Happy couples commit to spend time together as friends.
Happy couples describe their partners as interested and responsive.
Happy couples engage in more joint decision making on finances.
Happy couples fight, but they fight fair.
Happy couples fight.
Happy couples have a deep sense of fondness and admiration for each other.
Happy couples know how to repair the situation before an argument gets completely out of control.
Happy couples know the value of time and romance.
Happy couples plan ahead and make invitations to their lover.
Happy couples play together, enjoy what the other enjoys, and laugh together.
Happy couples spend more time talking and discussing personal topics.
Happy couples think being genuine keeps their marriages rock solid.
Happy cows come from California.
Happy Cows Come From California.
Happy customers add web hosting or buy web certificates.
Happy customers are frequent customers.
Happy customers are GOOD customers.
Happy customers are more important than profitability and market share to small-business owners.
Happy customers are much easier to deal with than irate customers.
Happy customers are repeat customers.
Happy customers are return customers, so they say.
Happy customers are the best advertising a company can have.
Happy customers are the foundation of our business.
Happy customers are the most important asset any company can have.
Happy customers buy more services.
Happy customers can be an excellent source of referrals.
Happy Customers Click a thumbnail to see a larger picture.
Happy customers come back.
Happy customers give great referrals which ensure our ongoing success.
Happy customers leads to more repeat business and more referrals.
Happy customers mean healthy bottom lines.
Happy customers mean repeat customers.
Happy customers provide the best publicity.
Happy customers renew their domain names.
Happy customers tell their friends and their friends tell their friends.
Happy customers tell their friends how happy they are.
Happy days are here again .
Happy Days Are Here Again .
Happy Days Are Here Again' while thousands of delegates in funny hats wave balloons.
Happy days are here again.
Happy days are here Again.
Happy Days Are Here Again.
Happy days are on the horizon for security vendors.
Happy days are on the way.
Happy days go fast.
Happy death needs glorifying.
Happy dependence is a pleasant state for many adolescents.
Happy dogs are welcome.
Happy dreams are pleasant, and they easily come to an end with daylight and the stir of life.
Happy driver pulls vehicle out of woods.
Happy driver sets out.
Happy employees are healthier and more productive.
Happy employees are more efficient, more productive and more optimistic about work and life.
Happy employees are more productive employees and less likely to become ex-employees.
Happy employees are more productive employees.
Happy employees are productive employees.
Happy Employees Be employees often appear in public as happy and fulfilled beings.
Happy employees boost the bottom line .
Happy employees create happy clients whose increased spending creates happy stockholders.
Happy employees equal customer satisfaction.
Happy employees equal happy customers.
Happy employees feel important and produce more.
Happy employees lead to keeping patients happy.
Happy employees make happy customers.
Happy employees mean happy customers.
Happy employees stay longer and do a better job.
Happy employees talk and word of mouth is the best advertising for help.
Happy employees tend to be more energetic, productive, and have an outlet for stress and tension.
Happy employees tend to be more productive.
Happy employees tend to create happy customers.
Happy employees tend to work harder, more efficiently and certainly more creatively.
Happy employees work harder and more productively.
Happy endings are all alike.
Happy endings are for fairytales.
Happy endings are for sorting everyone into the right match-ups eventually.
Happy endings are nice, but indeterminate endings are more like real life.
Happy endings are one thing.
Happy endings are only in children's songs.
Happy endings are scarce in closing chapters of even the most storied careers.
Happy endings are the best, especially since the film is based on a true story.
Happy endings go hand in hand with fantasy.
Happy endings make the meal easier to swallow.
Happy Endings Put together a tasty peach tart in minutes.
Happy endings sell well too.
Happy endings start with happy beginnings.
More Happy Endings Take the case of the wood chip exporter, for example.
Happy events can produce stress, too.
Happy face helps single women.
Happy faces symbolise the agents.
Happy families are all alike.
Happy families come here for flexibility in the education of their children.
Happy families is a kid's game.
Happy family gets a dog.
All happy families are alike.
Many happy families combine gold panning with a picnic by a beautiful stream.
Happy firewalls have lots of logs.
Happy feet make a happy skier.
Happy feet make for a happy horse.
Happy feet make happy advocates.
Happy goats show and look better than stressed goats.
Happy grads take a break from family for a photo.
Happy haunts materialize and begin to vocalize.
Happy hearts have more fun than lonely hearts.
Happy holiday wishes to everyone an their families.
Happy holidays are here.
Happy homes come in a variety of appearances.
Happy homes have to be brought about.
Happy homes have to be constructed.
Happy hometowns are where people keep in touch with each other.
Happy horses make for successful lessons, and allow for more rapid improvement on the rider's part.
Happy Horses make healthier horses and healthy horses make happy horses.
A happy hour is a hour
Happy hour draws a diverse crowd, including quite a few foreign tourists.
Happy hour features drink specials.
Happy hour features food and drink specials.
Happy hour gets 'em in early on weeknights.
Happy hour goes all day long into the wee hours.
Happy hour is a nap.
Happy hour is fun, too.
Happy hour is held one time per week for added social interaction.
Happy hour is outside all year round.
Happy hour is quite crowded and a bit rowdy, but always fun.
Happy hour is seven days a week.
Happy hour is the only opportunity of the weekend to simulate a race.
Happy hour is to be lingered over and dinner is savored under a starry sky.
Happy hour meets the reference interview.
Happy hours are albums.
Happy hours are all-night long.
Happy hours are daily.
Happy hours are frighteningly cheap.
Happy hours are hours.
Happy hours are on the second and fourth Wednesdays of each month.
Many happy hours are spent hiding and stalking prey and then pouncing and chasing the prey around.
Happy ice provides freezer storage, cooler storage, blast freezing, and transportation services.
Happy investors are an endangered species.
Happy juice is poisonous.
Happy kids are helpful ones.
Happy kids are the key to a great vacation.
Happy kids do better in life.
Happy kids make happy parents.
Happy lawyers feel joy in work and time to enjoy life is an essential factor.
Happy men are free men.
Happy marriages are a recipe for unhappiness.
Happy marriages are one of the main keys to a happy life.
Happy melodies add to the entertainment.
Happy memories can come from family picnics, holiday or everyday rituals.
Happy memories surround a variety of books, magazines and poems.
Many happy memories remain of the past.
Happy mistresses accept the situation.
Happy moms find some time to be with only adults at times, even in the daytime.
Happy morals hug the ground, Feeling oh-so safe and sound.
Happy music is certainly positive music, but sad music can be positive also.
Happy net needs a net control operator.
Some happy news is that the digital divide is narrowing.
Happy obedience includes both happy attitudes and obedient actions.
Any happy occasion provides the perfect excuse for some sugar excess.
Happy ones tend to feel bland and even anti-climactic, especially in romantic comedies.
Happy owners buy more horses.
Happy pages create happy visitors.
Happy paleontologists surround the pedestaled turtle.
Happy pandemonium comes close to describing that area.
Happy parents make for a happier baby.
Happy parents make happier kids.
Happy parents make the healthiest children.
Happy partners remember minute details of their meeting.
Happy patients send their friends.
Happy Paws Get a free feeding guide.
Happy people are also more psychologically resilient, assertive, empathetic and open to experience.
Happy people are always good-looking.
Happy people are creative.
Happy people are energetic and ambitious.
Happy people are energetic people.
Happy people are good.
Happy people are healthy, optimistic, and have more driving force to achieve.
Happy people are less abusive and hostile, less self-focused, and report fewer instances of disease.
Happy people are located in carnivals.
Happy people are located in parties.
Happy people are more enjoyable to be around.
Happy people are optimistic.
Happy people are plentiful in Portland.
Happy people are successful.
Happy people are thankful.
Happy people are trustful people.
Happy people attract happy people.
Happy people attract other happy people and romance follows.
Happy people become even happier.
Happy people Click on image to return to Thumbs.
Happy people disperse.
Happy people do a great deal for their friends.
Happy people do, in the end, shop more than unhappy people.
Happy people experience some wonderful rewards.
Happy people feel in control of their lives.
Happy people feel they're in control of their lives.
Happy people fill the bill.
Happy people get sick less often.
Happy people have better health.
Happy people have no stories.
Happy people have sex too.
Happy people know nothing.
Happy people learn to live with one another with respect and kindness.
Happy people like.
Happy people live active, vigorous lives, yet reserve time for renewing sleep and solitude.
Happy people live active, vigorous lives, yet reserve time for rest and solitude.
Happy people live in the moment.
Happy people live longer than unhappy people.
Happy people make a happy world.
Happy people produce.
Happy people show their age less.
Happy people spread the word.
Happy people tend to be extroverts.
Happy people tend to be healthy people.
Happy people tend to be more open, sociable, creative, and flexible.
Happy people tend to be self-confident, open to experience and have good personal relations.
Happy people tend to have their shoulders back and have an erect posture.
Happy people tolerate more frustration.
Happy people use their talents and potential to the fullest.
Happy people wear their smiles in a spoon.
Happy people work better.
Happy people work harder and are more likely to stay at their jobs.
Happy people work harder, better, and more efficiently.
Most happy people look indecent when one is unhappy.
Happy players perform better than makework drudges.
Happy programmers are creative programmers are productive programmers.
Happy receivers force defenses to play honest.
Happy resolutions are patently like fairy tales.
Many happy retirees believe that they have lived harder lives than many of their contemporaries.
Many Happy Returns Following are a few of our many delighted visitors.
Happy roots make for happy indoor gardens and gardeners.
Happy snakes unite everywhere.
Happy soil is far more important than having the ph or mineral readings right on the mark.
Happy songs are good at lifting a person's depression .
Every happy space is child or grandchild of separation, through which they go amazed.
Happy spitters are generally healthy and gaining weight.
Happy staff makes for a happy restaurant, with less turnover.
Happy teams are scarce.
Happy tenants are more likely to renew.
Happy tenants are our highest priority.
Happy thoughts are sometimes hard to think of.
Happy time is now over.
Happy time is over.
Happy times are all too few for many confined to nursing homes, hospitals or other institutions.
Happy torment is an oxymoron.
Every happy tourist is our best ambassador.
Happy trails ride safe.
Happy Valley is much friendlier than New York.
Happy Valley is much more friendlier than New York.
Happy Valley serves authentic Chinese food.
Happy volunteers tell others about their experiences, as do unhappy volunteers .
Happy warriors make happy revolutions.
Happy woman angler with a beast snook.
Happy workers are productive workers.
Happy workers equals happy customers.
Happy workers work better and faster and build better products.
Haptic access is useful but too limited to give adequate access to more complex graphics.
Haptic curvature thresholds over a gamut of scales.
Haptic devices allow physical examinations from afar.
Haptic devices make the process a lot more like tinkering to repair a jammed clock mechanism.
Haptic displays provide information to a human user through the sense of touch.
Haptic feedback affects visual perception of surfaces.
Haptic feedback allows the user to feel and modify the microscopic surface.
Haptic feedback using passive materials is described.
Haptic information stabilizes and destabilizes coordination dynamics.
Haptic interaction is a relatively new research field.
Haptic interfaces apply robotic techniques to develop better ways to interface humans and computers.
Haptic interfaces provide force and touch feedback to the human from a computer.
Haptic interfaces require a similar system, but one that is electromechanical and computer-based.
Haptic lenses are thick and are held in place by the eyelids.
Haptic processing involves learning through touch, feel, and movement.
Haptic system includes grasping, feeling, rubbing, hefting, palpating, groping, etc.
Haptic technology allows robots or robotic arms and legs to simulate a sense of touch.
Haptic visualization refers to perception of information through the haptic sense.
Har man feil farge blir man skutt.
Harajuku area caters to the young and trendy, punk and postmodern with moderately priced stores.
Harambee schools are largely community schools.
Harappan artifacts are material representations of ideas and thoughts found in the Vedic literature.
Harassed parents can breath a sigh of relief as their bored brood go back to school.
A harasser is an attacker
Harassers are attackers.
Harassers are often surprised to learn that their behavior is perceived as offensive.
Harassers are responsible for their own behaviour.
Harassers are usually coworkers or bosses, while attackers are more likely to be customers.
Harassers can be supervisors, co-workers, peers, customers, patrons, or visitors.
Harassers generally don t stop on their own.
Harassers go home.
All harassers are men.
Many harassers purposefully intimidate their victims.
Most harassers are older than their victims, married and of the same race.
Most harassers first disarm their victims with charm.
Most harassers share a common goal - intimidation.
Harassment adds no value to a business.
Harassment affects a victim's personal life and interferes with the quality of their work.
Harassment affects different people in different ways.
Harassment affects productivity and morale.
Harassment applies to a range of behaviour.
Harassment based on racial, gender, ethnic and other characteristics is pervasive in the workplace.
Harassment based on sex, race, or sexual orientation is a violation of university policy.
Harassment can also be a criminal offence.
Harassment can also be outright physical assault.
Harassment can also happen to men or between members of the same sex.
Harassment can also involve the use of obscene language or gestures in a public place.
Harassment can also lead to separation of mother and calf.
Harassment can also take a subtler form, such as being continually followed, contacted, or watched.
Harassment can and often does take the form of speech.
Harassment can be blatant or subtle, printed, verbal or physical.
Harassment can be either a single incident or a series of related incidents.
Harassment can be either deliberate or unintentional.
Harassment can be hard to report.
Harassment can be overt or subtle, intentional or unintentional.
Harassment can be sexual harassment, bullying, namecalling, and teasing.
Harassment can be sexual, discriminatory or personal in nature.
Harassment can be sexual, racial, religious or other.
Harassment can be sexual, racial, religious, or other.
Harassment can cause low morale and absenteeism due to stress-related illness.
Harassment can come from an advisor, faculty, staff or other students.
Harassment can constitute a necessitous and compelling cause to leave one's employment.
Harassment can create an environment in which access to education and employment is diminished.
Harassment can either be psychological or physical.
Harassment can have a devastating effect on people's lives.
Harassment can include deliberate or unintentional verbal, written, visual or physical conduct.
Harassment can lead to confrontations and bodily harm.
Harassment can lead to stress, ill health and sometimes injury.
Harassment can occur at work, at company-sponsored events, or between coworkers away from work.
Harassment can occur between men and women or between members of the same gender.
Harassment can occur between or among peers and co-workers or between superiors and subordinates.
Harassment can occur between people of differing authority or between people of similar authority.
Harassment can occur between people of the opposite sex or between people of the same sex.
Harassment can take many forms from touching fondling, rude comments to sexual intercourse.
Harassment can take many forms.
Harassment can undermine academic or work performance and can threaten economic livelihood.
Harassment causes distress and anxiety.
Harassment comes in many forms and although mostly recognised as a crime against women.
Harassment concerning apparently the most trivial matters can be a potent form of suppression.
Harassment consists of persisting in unwanted contact with another.
Harassment consists, in most cases, of more than casual or isolated incidents.
Harassment depends upon being able to dehumanize the target.
Harassment depends upon peer pressure .
Harassment depends upon prejudice.
Harassment does occur - insidiously, overtly and coercively, normally, covertly and pervasively.
Harassment exists when unwelcome verbal or physical contact affects employment in any of three ways.
Harassment feels bad.
Harassment first affects the personal life of the victim.
Harassment fits in here.
Harassment happens because men think that they can get away with objectifying women at random.
Harassment has many forms.
Harassment has negative outcomes for victims, parents, harassers, and society in general.
Harassment has no part in such an environment.
Harassment implies malfeasance in office.
Harassment includes any coercive sexual behavior used to control or influence a student.
Harassment includes child abuse.
Harassment includes staring and uninvited conversation.
Harassment includes the use of foul language in a public forum.
Harassment includes, nuisance phone calls, stalking, threats, excessive noise etc.
Harassment infringes on the right of a computer user to work without unwanted interruptions.
Harassment involves a series of acts.
Harassment involves subjecting a person to psychological, emotional and physical discomfort.
Harassment involves very personal interactions.
Harassment is a behavior displayed during or prior to forced copulation.
Harassment is a class A misdemeanor.
Harassment is a class B misdemeanor.
Harassment is a Class C misdemeanor.
Harassment is a crime.
Harassment is a criminal offence even if there is no restraining order or peace bond.
Harassment is a criminal offence.
Harassment is a criminal violation of the Fair Housing Act.
Harassment is a form of discrimination.
Harassment is a form of disparate treatment.
Harassment is a form of sexual aggression.
Harassment is a form of unlawful discrimination.
Harassment is a harsher form of inappropriate conduct that undermines the employment relationship.
Harassment is a lesser included offense of stalking.
Harassment is a negative sum situation.
Harassment is a serious violation of a tenant's rights.
Harassment is a subject that has recieved little study.
Harassment is a violation.
Harassment is about power, control, and intimidation.
Harassment is against school policy and the law.
Harassment is also a communication which is obscene or threatening.
Harassment is also a concern of people of color.
Harassment is also a crime.
Harassment is also illegal.
Harassment is an abuse of power Victims often feel intimidated, humiliated and degraded.
Harassment is an extremely serious charge.
Harassment is an important issue.
Harassment is an improper purpose of an investigation.
Harassment is an unacceptable corrosion of objective excellence and accomplishment.
Harassment is an unacceptable form of behaviour.
Harassment is annoyance.
Harassment is another big issue.
Harassment is another form of work place violence.
Harassment is another issue that Title VII covers.
Harassment is any human action that causes unusual behavior or change of behavior by an animal.
Harassment is as annoying as advertising.
Harassment is defined as any activity which alters the animal's natural behavior.
Harassment is defined as behavior that is insulting, demeaning, distressful, or intimidating.
Harassment is defined as persistently behaving in such a manner that annoys another person.
Harassment is defined in purely subjective terms.
Harassment is different.
Harassment is essentially about power and punishment.
Harassment is everyone's problem.
Harassment is harassment, regardless of the mechanism.
Harassment is hard to prove.
Harassment is humiliating and degrading.
Harassment is illegal and handled accordingly.
Harassment is illegal no matter what the form of communication.
Harassment is illegal.
Harassment is in the eye of the beholder, of course.
Harassment is in the eye of the victim.
Harassment is intentional harm.
Harassment is judged by the impact upon the target, rather than the intent of the perpetrator.
Harassment is mistreatment
Harassment is most likely in areas accessible to motor vehicles.
Harassment is neither Christian nor scientific.
Harassment is non-physical and usually amounts to repeated offers of marriage.
Harassment is of first concern at the company.
Harassment is offensive and often frightening.
Harassment is offensive, degrading and threatening.
Harassment is offensive, degrading, inappropriate, threatening and illegal.
Harassment is often a prelude to an assault.
Harassment is ongoing.
Harassment is permitted of the few in order to make the many feel safe.
Harassment is rare.
Harassment is repeated.
Harassment is rooted in a power relationship which is used to gain or maintain advantage.
Harassment is stressful and makes the workplace feel unsafe for the victim.
Harassment is taken seriously and all complaints are completely investigated.
Harassment is the opposite of respectful workplace behavior.
Harassment is the reason dues are so high.
Harassment is ultimately about inequalities of power.
Harassment is unacceptable and harmful.
Harassment is unacceptable conduct in the workplace.
Harassment is unwanted and feels bad.
Harassment is unwanted, deliberate comments, gestures, graphic materials or physical contacts.
Harassment is unwanted.
Harassment is usually verbal assault, experienced and practiced more by girls.
Harassment is verbal or physical abuse or threat.
Harassment is viewed from the shoes of the person who saw it, heard it, felt it.
Harassment is, except for prevention, a peculiar problem to deal with.
Harassment is, per se, a vague term.
Harassment makes people feel bad.
Harassment means persistently sending messages that upset or annoy another person.
Harassment means unlawful harassment which constitutes a form of discrimination.
Harassment means using real or perceived power to abuse or humiliate.
Harassment negatively affects morale, motivation and job performance.
Harassment obstructs normal activity in the hospital.
Harassment occurs at times in the workplace.
Harassment occurs due to a refusal to acknowledge the inclinations of others.
Harassment occurs in a variety of situations.
Harassment occurs in many forms.
Harassment occurs regardless of whether the plaintiff actually submits to the harasser.
Harassment occurs when a person pressures another person with unwanted sexual behavior.
Harassment occurs when one person subjects another to unwelcome verbal or physical conduct.
Harassment occurs when someone is subjected to unwelcome verbal or physical conduct.
Harassment online is just as illegal as harassment offline, and it is just as frightening.
Harassment remains a pervasive problem in American workplaces.
Harassment requires that the conduct be unwelcome.
Harassment runs amok with both sexes.
Harassment stems from a lack of understanding or acceptance of differences.
Harassment undermines a person's self-esteem.
Harassment undermines any attempt to achieve equality for all employees in the workplace.
Harassment update Nothing has been heard from the harassers for some weeks.
Harassment often drives women out of the workplace.
Harassment usually happens when people feel unable to object or do anything to stop the behaviour.
Most harassment involves deliberately hurtful or offensive communication.
Some harassment comes from individuals affiliated with extremist organizations.
Harbingers of spring explored include birds, trees, flowers, mammals, even the night sky.
A harbinger is an indication
Harbingers step forth who blare their approval.
Harbor Beach is the world's largest man-made fresh water harbor.
Harbor Island is a long island running parallel to the shore and connected by a hefty causeway.
Harbor Island is a wonderful get-away to relax and enjoy the beach.
Harbor Island is located on a deep-water channel and has direct access to the Gulf of Mexico.
Harbor Island is the perfect spot for an intimate getaway or a fun-filled family vacation.
Harbor masters report more than a handful of problems with personal watercraft.
Most harbor masters work for small to mid-sized ports.
A harbor porpoise is a porpoise
Harbor porpoises are especially hard hit in Europe.
Harbor porpoises are found throughout the temperate coastal waters of the Northern Hemisphere.
Harbor porpoises are porpoises.
Harbor porpoises are primarily fish feeders, but in some areas they prey on squid and crustaceans.
Harbor porpoises are small, stocky whales.
Harbor porpoises feed on fish.
Harbor porpoises have a discontinuous distribution.
Harbor porpoises have a small, robust body with a short, blunt beak.
Harbor porpoises have dark brown or gray backs and a lighter sides, with a white tummy.
Harbor porpoises have flippers.
Harbor porpoises inhabit northern temperate and subarctic coastal and offshore waters.
Harbor porpoises inhabit offshore water.
Harbor porpoises inhabit water.
Harbor porpoises live in groups averaging one to three individuals and are very skittish.
Harbor porpoises reach maturity.
Harbor porpoises reach sexual maturity.
Harbor porpoises swim nearby.
Harbor porpoises use echo-location to find and follow herring and other schooling fish.
Harbor porpoises utilize tidally-induced internal waves.
Most harbor porpoises have flippers.
Some harbor porpoises have distribution.
A harbor seal is a seal
Harbor seals are a gregarious species that frequently aggregate on haul-out sites at low tide.
Harbor seals are able to swim soon after birth.
Harbor seals are able to taste the differences in levels of salt in seawater.
Harbor seals are brown, tan, or gray, with distinctive V-shaped nostrils.
Harbor seals are common and killer and gray whales are occasionally seen nearby.
Harbor seals are common and killer whales are present in local waters.
Harbor seals are common in the saltwater, and clamming can be great.
Harbor seals are curious but shy animals that prefer quiet, unpopulated areas.
Harbor seals are highly opportunistic feeders.
Harbor seals are littoral in distribution and can often be seen on protected tidal rocks and reefs.
Harbor seals are marine mammals and, as such, are federally protected.
Harbor seals are much smaller and quite wary and elusive.
Harbor seals are nonmigratory, though their home tange is fairly large.
Harbor seals are perhaps the most precocial of all phocid seals.
Harbor seals are sleeping on the icebergs and bald eagles are abundant.
Harbor seals are the most abundant seals off the New England coastline.
Harbor seals are the most common in New England.
Harbor seals are true seals.
Harbor seals are usually a grey splotchy in appearance.
Harbor seals are usually solitary in water, but haul out in groups of a few to thousands.
Harbor seals are well adapted to life in the sea.
Harbor seals become less playful and less tolerant of close contact as they mature.
Harbor seals can haul out any time of the day or night.
Harbor seals come on shore to rest and breed in groups at terrestrial sites called 'haul outs'.
Harbor seals do enter rivers to feed if sufficient food fish are available.
Harbor seals eat bottom fish, rockfish, herring, and some salmon.
Harbor seals feed on a wide variety of coastal fish and shellfish.
Harbor seals feed on squids, crustaceans, mollusks, and fishes.
Harbor seals feed opportunistically on fish, squid, and octopus.
Harbor seals give birth to a single pup on land.
Harbor seals give birth to one pup in the spring.
Harbor seals haul out on several islands and bald eagles nest as well.
Harbor seals haul out on several islands.
Harbor seals haul out on the offshore rocks at the tip of the headland.
Harbor seals have a rounded head with forward facing eyes.
Harbor seals have ability.
Harbor seals have finished weaning their pups, so the breeding season begins anew.
Harbor seals have no external ears and their eyes are prominent.
Harbor seals have the same basic bone structure that land mammals have.
Harbor seals have thick, short, coarse hair that sheds every year after breeding season.
Harbor seals inhabit temperate and subarctic waters of the North Atlantic and North Pacific oceans.
Harbor seals inhabit the shores of oceans in the northern hemisphere.
Harbor seals lack the extreme sexual dimorphism common to many species of pinnipeds.
Harbor seals lose hair as they age, as with humans and land mammals alike.
Harbor seals molt annually, usually in late summer.
Harbor seals move through the water using large rear flippers which they swish from side to side.
Harbor seals play in the local waters.
Harbor seals pop their heads out of the water to scan the surface for killer whales.
Harbor seals return annually to traditional breeding sites.
Harbor seals ride the icebergs .
Harbor seals ride the icebergs.
Harbor seals share several similar features in body structure as with other land mammals.
Harbor seals show aggression by growling, snorting, and waving threateningly with a foreflipper.
Harbor seals spend their entire lives along the same stretch of coastline.
Harbor seals tend to stay closer to the surface of the ocean than hooded seals do.
Most harbor seals have ability.
Most harbor seals inhabit ice-free waters year round.
Harbor towns rest here and there along the shore.
A harbor is a port
Harbor fronts for cities along bodies of water.
Harbor gain beside either choice yet mend flying saucer.
Harbor isa port.
Harbor seals bask in the sun.
Harbor seals forage close to shore and are typically sighted in coastal waters.
Harbor seals forage extensively in the Breakwater Gap area.
Harbor seals haul out and breed on the island's sandy beaches.
Harbor seals haul out here too.
Harbor seals haul out of the water periodically to rest, give birth, and nurse their pups.
Harbor seals haul-out on the rock intertidal to rest.
Harbor seals in and adjacent to Humboldt Bay, California.
Harbor seals sleep on the ice floes and bald eagles are abundant.
Harbor seals, on the other hand, tend to break the rules.
Harbor views from roof walk and two car attached garage.
Harbor views from the grounds are extensive.
Harbor views from the inn, and pristine walks around the busy waterfront are popular amongst guests.
Harbor views from widow's walk.
Harbors are jammed with sunken ships and downed aircraft.
Harbors are located in boats.
Harbors are ore.
Harbors are refuge.
Harbors can be natural or artificial.
Harbors have (part) bases.
Harbors have (part) sections.
Harbors provide shelter for ships.
Many harbors are no discharge zones and require all vessels to have holding tanks.
Most harbors are capable of docking vessels with an approx.
Most harbors have an anchoring area at their disposal.
Some harbors conduct services.
Some harbors create friendships.
Some harbors create lifelong friendships.
Some harbors possess salmon.
Harborings are shelterings.
Harbour Island is a popular dive destination.
Harbour Island is part of the Out Islands of the Bahamas .
Harbour Island is part of the Out Islands of the Bahamas.
Harbour Island is very nice.
Harbour porpoise can be very difficult to observe in the wild.
Harbour porpoises are smaller than their dolphin cousins and feed on small fish near the sea floor.
Harbour porpoises are the smallest of dolphins occurring in the North Sea.
Harbour porpoises prefer cool water.
Harbour porpoises prefer temperate and subarctic waters.
Harbour porpoises prefer water.
Harbour porpoises reach maturity.
Harbour porpoises reach sexual maturity.
Most harbour porpoises prefer cool water.
Most harbour porpoises prefer water.
Most harbour porpoises reach maturity.
Most harbour porpoises reach sexual maturity.
Harbour seals are also plentiful, with numerous haul-outs throughout the area.
Harbour seals are common.
Harbour seals are considerably smaller and sport beautiful slick mottled coats.
Harbour seals are in residence as well as other live marine species.
Harbour seals are located off both the east and west coast of the United States.
Harbour seals are rare.
Harbour seals are resident and abundant.
Harbour seals are resident and are found in all coastal areas.
Harbour seals are resident here, while ringed and bearded seals winter in the area.
Harbour seals are very abundant in the world and are found all over the Northern Hemisphere.
Harbour seals are year round residents.
Harbour seals can detect prey using nerves in their whiskers to sense pressure changes in the water.
Harbour seals can sleep underwater.
Harbour seals have heads.
Harbour seals have round heads.
Harbour seals sleep on the ice floes and bald eagles are abundant.
Most harbour seals have heads.
Most harbour seals have round heads.
A harbour is an asylum
Harbour isa port.
Harbour works in the firm's investment advisory services practice.
Harbours are great for fun fishing.
Harbours are key to the economic viability of Canadian fishing communities.
Harbours are ore.
Harbours can be man-made or natural.
Harbours have (part) bases.
Harbours have (part) sections.
Harbours have areas.
Harbours have boats.
Most harbours have areas.
All harbourfront cities have land that is inaccessible and unused.
Hard aid is an art.
Hard aid is mostly mental.
Hard answers are elusive.
Hard antlers have compositions.
Most hard antlers have compositions.
Hard aspects can modify the above.
Hard assets are an attractive alternative to stocks during bear markets.
Hard assets are the book value of the assets of the business such as furniture and equipment.
Hard assets are the ultimate alternative investments.
Hard atoms are smaller, and have higher electronegativity than softer atoms.
Hard bargaining involves the negotiation of positions, rather than interests.
Hard bargaining is like that.
Hard bones can easily damage teeth.
Hard boots are mainly for racing, for big carving moves.
Hard boots give better precision and control and are used for alpine boarding or racing.
Hard boots provide greater ankle support and increased control and are worn primarily by racers.
Hard boots provide greater ankle support and increased control, and are primarily worn by racers.
Hard bristles can also be harmful.
Hard buttons are great.
Hard candies are as effective as cough drops.
Hard candy is always nice.
Hard candy is candy
Hard candy is candy.
Hard candy is like obsidian.
Hard candy is made from the leftovers.
Hard candy is the only permitted desk snack.
Hard cap is at the game's schedued end time.
Hard capital declines with use.
Hard case is included with spectacles for safe keeping.
Hard cases are a specialty.
Hard cases are said to make bad law.
Hard cases are, to our mind, the worst of both worlds.
Hard cases contain two sponges.
Hard cases make bad law, but arrogant judges, social workers and guardian ad litems make worse.
Hard cases make bad law.
Hard cases make poor law.
Hard cash is almost nonexistent, and attempted solutions to debt problems have proven disastrous.
Hard cash is currency
Hard cash is difficult for a veteran to come by.
Hard cheese is defined as any cheese which is over six months old.
Hard cheese is like lard, and hard to digest for anyone.
Hard cheese is misfortune
Hard cheese is misfortune.
Hard cheeses are odd in that the thinner they're sliced, the more flavorful they are.
Hard cheeses are robust enough to survive on the trail and can take a moderate amount of heat.
Hard cheeses keep well, even at room temperature.
Some hard cheeses are okay.
Hard chine directs water out and down for a dry ride.
Hard chines help the boat carve when leaned.
Hard chines provide better stability, and the deep, sharp stern makes tracking easy.
Hard choices are unmade or left to moms.
Hard choices have to be made and hardship has to be endured.
Hard choices have to be made and it is inevitable that some people wioll get hurt.
Hard choices have to be made regarding the curriculum.
Hard choices have to be made.
Hard choices lie ahead.
Hard choices temper our strength and our integrity.
Hard chrome is added to the wear surfaces and then ground and lapped to required tolerance.
Hard chrome is ideal for parts that are subject to friction, corrosion and high temperatures.
Hard chrome is well known as possessing a self healing lubricating film.
Hard Chrome Plating Hard chrome plating produces an exceedingly hard, durable surface.
Hard cider contains a varying amount of alcohol.
Hard cider contains alcohol , which affects the taste of the cider .
Hard cider contains alcohol, which affects the taste of the cider.
Hard cider is alcohol
Hard cider is alcohol.
Hard cider is also a good match.
Hard cider is cider.
Hard cider is preferred as a drink.
A hard clam is a clam
Hard clams are common in sandy bottoms throughout the Indian River Lagoon.
Hard clams are suspension feeding bivalves and feed on diatoms.
Hard clams begin their adult lives as males.
Hard clams inhabit coastal water.
Hard clams inhabit water.
Hard clams live in shallow coastal bay waters in areas with a sandy, muddy, or rocky bottom.
Hard clams live in shallow coastal bay waters in areas with a soft sandy bottom.
Most hard clams inhabit coastal water.
Some hard clams have values.
Hard clay is brittle and tough.
Hard coating helps resist scratches.
Most hard coatings have only one-third the expansion rate of the stainless steel base material.
Hard colors tend to cause eyestrain.
Hard combers rake between the rocks for bottles, paper, bits of glass.
Hard combos replenish the energy bar.
Hard conduit feeds for each kiln bed.
Hard consonant is the term used for the non-palatalised variety.
Hard consonants are relatively easy to find on a waveform display because of their sharp peaks.
Hard contacts can also be help out, because they prevent the shape of the eye from changing.
A hard copy is matter
Hard copies are acceptable, but using email is certainly preferable.
Hard copies are acceptable.
Hard copies are also acceptable - but electronic submissions are preferred.
Hard copies are also available around campus.
Hard copies are also available at each campus AAUP office.
Hard copies are also available at the sites listed below.
Hard copies are also available by subscription.
Hard copies are also available for a nominal fee.
Hard copies are also available for purchase.
Hard copies are also available in the financial aid office.
Hard copies are also available in the library.
Hard copies are also available upon request.
Hard copies are also available with access information on the website.
Hard copies are also available, at cost, in paper, disk, or CD formats.
Hard copies are also available, either printed or on disk.
Hard copies are also available.
Hard copies are also due at the start of lecture.
Hard copies are also still available free of charge.
Hard copies are always good insurance, too, for critical data.
Hard copies are at the stockroom window.
Hard copies are available and are being sent to organizations listed in the resource section.
Hard copies are available and CD ROMs can be ordered while supplies last.
Hard copies are available at the library.
Hard copies are available by mail upon request.
Hard copies are available for a n additional fee.
Hard copies are available for purchase in both English and Spanish .
Hard copies are available for purchase through the foundation, however.
Hard copies are available for purchase.
Hard copies are available for the cost of printing.
Hard copies are available for viewing.
Hard copies are available free of charge.
Hard copies are available from the public affairs office upon request.
Hard copies are available from the regional contact person.
Hard copies are available in our office.
Hard copies are available in the bin outside the TA office.
Hard copies are available in the book store, however.
Hard copies are available in the Dean's office.
Hard copies are available on request from the editor.
Hard copies are available on request priced according to the cost of photocopying and postage.
Hard copies are available on request.
Hard copies are available on reserve in the library.
Hard copies are available to the public for a nominal fee.
Hard copies are available upon request for a slightly higher fee.
Hard copies are available upon request for an additional fee.
Hard copies are available upon request.
Hard copies are available.
Hard copies are good in a notebook.
Hard copies are in the mail.
Hard copies are matter.
Hard copies are no longer available.
Hard copies are now available at each campus AAUP office.
Hard copies are preferred.
Hard copies are still available as well.
Hard copies are still available in the office.
Hard copies are to be distributed during the meeting.
Hard copies are to be distributed to each media center.
Hard copies are, of course, still available.
Hard copies sent by mail or fax are also acceptable.
Hard copies submitted with files - An approved digital proof is requested.
Hard copy can be loose leaf or bound to customer specification.
Hard copy comes the month prior.
Hard copy contains pictures and diagrams.
Hard copy has a lot of advertising.
Hard copy has to be sent to the address indicated below.
Hard copy is a national USA tabloid programme.
Hard copy is acceptable, but a simple prototype can usually be put together quickly.
Hard copy is also acceptable.
Hard copy is also available in the divisional deans' offices.
Hard copy is available at Love.
Hard copy is available.
Hard copy is currently available.
Hard copy is extremely expensive.
Hard copy is fine, too.
Hard copy is free for exhibitors only.
Hard copy is output from nearby printer after several minutes.
Hard copy is part of the medical record.
Hard copy is preferred for our review process.
Hard copy is preferred in the first instance.
Hard copy is preferred.
Hard copy is required.
Hard copy is safer than disc.
Hard copy is shelved on dictionary stand on top of the vertical file cabinet.
Hard copy is supplied to each participating school and First place winner.
Hard copy is usually helpful, also.
Hard copy means the printed page.
Hard copy requires a separate piece of artwork for each color, typically on paper or artboard.
Any hard copies are to be handed in at the beginning of class.
Hard coral is just the opposite.
Hard corals are hermatypes or reef-building corals and often require zooxanthellae for survival.
Hard corals are on the upper ledge and there are many openings and crevices along the steep wall.
Hard corals are the basis of the tropical coral reef.
Hard corals are the most significant group of corals in terms of reef building.
Hard corals build by secreting calcium carbonate skeletons.
Hard corals form coral reefs, which serve as a home for many sea creatures.
Hard corals form the massive structures of the reef.
Hard corals have an internal, rock-like, chalky skeleton that remains when they die.
Many hard corals are extraordinarily light and seem to imitate plant forms.
Most hard corals can reproduce either sexually or asexually.
Some hard corals have ability.
Some hard cores require input parameters.
Some hard cores require parameters.
Hard corns are called heloma durum, while soft corns are called heloma molle.
Hard corns develop on toe joints, usually on the little toe.
Hard corns occur on dry, flat surfaces of skin.
Hard costs are quantifiable, direct costs.
Hard costs are the material and labor costs of the improvements.
Hard costs are the most obvious.
Hard courts are more like American highways, omnipresent, imposing, yet often cracking.
Hard courts are most common in the United States and Canada.
Hard cover is self-explanatory.
Hard cover protects the screen.
Hard covers can be wood or drywall.
Hard currencies go a long long way.
Hard currency is best.
Hard currency is currency
Hard currency is currency.
Hard currency is siphoned out of the country in question to safer havens.
Hard cycling subjects the pressure test tank to the same fatigue cycles as the test article.
Hard date provide information such as test scores and number of computers per classrooms.
Hard data are completely absent, but most analysts are probably looking for a pickup in activity.
Hard data are scarce regarding to vegetable consumption.
Hard data helps identify problem areas.
Hard data is scarce or nonexistent.
Hard data is scarce.
Hard data is the way to make sure that decisions are of high quality.
Hard data reinforces the benefits of size, as well.
Hard days come more often than good days.
Hard days make the good days better.
Hard decisions are at hand.
Hard decisions have to be made.
Many hard decisions lie ahead for farmers in the storm zone.
Hard detail is what makes a story believable.
Hard details are in and generalities are out.
Hard dinghies Make sure the dinghy buoyancy bags or watertight lockers are in good shape.
Hard dinghy has less stablity, but does row easier.
Hard discounters offer a smaller range of goods for lower prices.
A hard disk is a disc
Hard disk based players offer enormous music storage capacities at very affordable prices.
Hard disk drives store data on one or more metal oxide platters.
Hard disk is contained in a noise absorbant box to eliminate excess noise.
Hard disk is low on space dialog box randomly appears.
Hard disk recording Things in the hard disk recording world are much more exciting.
Hard disks are also liable to be erased without warning when the machines are updated.
Hard disks are an addiction no less than heroin.
Hard disks are computer disks.
Hard disks are generally reliable.
Hard disks are heavy, and are mechanical devices.
Hard disks are high precision, delicate instruments.
Hard disks are like closets.
Hard disks are mechanical devices, though, and they're sensitive to vibrations.
Hard disks are much faster than floppy diskettes, and can hold much more information.
Hard disks are now cheap so there's plenty of room.
Hard disks are remarkable devices.
Hard disks are sensitive to smoke and dust.
Hard disks are slow in computer terms.
Hard disks are very reliable much more so then floppy disks.
Hard disks can crash.
Hard disks can store much more information than floppy disks.
Hard disks combine high barriers to entry and brutally short product cycles.
Hard disks come in all different logical sizes.
Hard disks come in varying storage capacity and speeds.
Hard disks derive their name from the fixed metal surface used to store information.
Hard Disks drive failure can occasionally happen.
Hard disks fail and other catastrophes occur.
Hard disks fail.
Hard Disks Get the best deals on CD-ROM drives and other multimedia peripherals.
Hard disks have large storage capacities and extremely rapid retrieval speeds.
Hard Disks have the capacity to contain several megabytes or even a few gigabytes of data.
Hard disks hold data in clusters.
Hard disks hold gigabytes of data.
Hard disks hold more and more data.
Hard disks hold more data and are faster accessing information than diskettes.
Hard disks hold more data and are faster than floppy disks .
Hard disks hold more data and are faster than floppy disks.
Hard disks hold twenty megabytes or more of data.
Hard disks provide a fast way to import and export big files to digital audio workstations.
Hard disks provide large quantities of inexpensive, permanent storage.
Hard disks provide much more data storage than a floppy.
Hard disks run hot.
Hard disks show up as flat rectangles and floppies as folder-shaped icons.
Hard disks spin platters like a record player spins records.
Hard disks use a variety of track sizes.
Hard disks use different interfaces and ports.
Hard disks vary in size, but most lab machines can store one billion characters.
Hard disks wear out and die.
All Hard Disks are capable of breaking down at any time.
All hard disks consist of thin platters with a magnetic coating.
All Hard disks seem to be identified correctly.
Many hard disks have sectors that are unusable.
More Hard disk is a precise, electronic magnetic device.
Most hard disks are far from being silent while their operating.
Most hard disks contain from two to eight platters.
Some hard disk use the combination of 'vertical' and 'horizontal' mapping.
Some hard disks calibrate intelligently, postponing it when the disk is being used.
Some hard disks have serial numbers.
Some hard disks use special fluid-dynamic bearings instead of ball bearings.
A hard drink is alcohol
Hard drinks are available in big hotels.
A hard drive is a drive
Hard drive is a bit small.
Hard drive is a good accessory.
Hard drive seems to be working harder than usual.
Hard drive turns on and off by itself.
Hard drives are a big bottleneck on modern PCs.
Hard drives are a good example.
Hard drives are a great example.
Hard drives are a lot more reliable theses days, but they still crash sometimes.
Hard drives are a perfect example.
Hard drives are a prime candidate for hardware problems even if the drive is relatively new.
Hard drives are a targeted commodity for both sophisticated and unsophisticated thieves.
Hard drives are also a factor in high case temperature.
Hard drives are also an unbelievable bargain.
Hard drives are also much faster than CD-ROM drives.
Hard drives are at all time low.
Hard drives are big and speedy.
Hard drives are cheap.
Hard drives are full, often full of random downloads or of multiple copies of the same software.
Hard drives are located in computers.
Hard drives are mechanical devices that can take several seconds to come up to full speed.
Hard drives are moving parts, they break.
Hard drives are much less temperamental and require less human intervention than tape drives.
Hard drives are much more expensive than floppies and can hold a great deal more information.
Hard drives are much more expensive than floppies, and can hold a great deal more information.
Hard drives are much more reliable than diskettes.
Hard drives are neither, any more than tape drives are tapes, or wheels are tires.
Hard drives are permanent.
Hard Drives are preferred places to store files .
Hard drives are pretty generic.
Hard drives are quite cheap.
Hard drives are susceptible to damage during transition.
Hard drives are the best backup media to backup today's very large drives.
Hard drives are the only part whose failure is truly catastrophic.
Hard drives are to be used to store programs and temporary documents and data sets.
Hard drives are used by computers to store data.
Hard Drives are way overrated.
Hard Drives Buy single units, or in quantity.
Hard drives can also contain secret information like credit card numbers.
Hard drives can and do malfunction.
Hard drives can be noisy, but some are much noisier than others.
Hard drives can become very cluttered.
Hard drives can crash from an unexpected voltage surge.
Hard drives can do many things, but there are three basic functions.
Hard drives can fail without warning.
Hard drives can, however, contain disks.
Hard drives continue to get bigger and faster while the price remains steady or drops.
Hard drives die with age.
Hard drives do fail.
Hard drives DO sometimes crash.
Hard drives fail for a variety of reasons - from broken belts to getting scratched by dust.
Hard drives fail, motherboards fail, and parts wear out.
Hard drives fail, power surges render files unreadable.
Hard drives fail.
Hard drives featuring the highest reliability are a vital imperative for every computer system user.
Hard drives fill up, tapes run out.
Hard drives have an access time rating which is usually expressed in milliseconds.
Hard drives have magnetic metal oxides deposited on rigid metal disks for recording data.
Hard drives keep getting bigger, and like highways or prisons, they just fill up.
Hard drives operate much like a record player spinning a vinyl record.
Hard drives provide a fairly fast access to and transfer of data and information.
Hard drives provide the data storage on which all modern computers depend.
Hard drives rank high in reliability.
Hard drives reseller.
Hard drives slow down as they fill up.
Hard drives spin faster.
Hard drives spin.
Hard drives store large amounts of data.
Hard drives store more data, are more expensive, and are much faster than floppy drives .
Hard drives tend to fill up.
Hard drives use magnetic storage media.
Hard drives vary greatly in the amount of data they can store.
Hard drives wear out over time, they draw lots of power and get very hot.
Hard Drives Wear Out.
Hard drives work the same way.
All hard drives fail eventually.
Every hard drive has it's limitations.
Most hard drive are full of junk files that have been left behind by other clean up software.
Most hard drives are in the megabyte range.
Most hard drives have just one partition, so users often confuse the two.
Most hard drives have multiple platters.
Most hard drives have two to three year warranties.
Most hard drives hold files of great value to their users.
A hard drug is a controlled substance
A hard drug is a narcotic
Hard drugs are illegal however.
Hard drugs are narcotics.
Hard drugs are so easy to smuggle because they are so concentrated.
Hard drugs cause more addiction that soft ones.
Hard drugs flood the market.
All hard drugs are illegal.
Hard edge wear along one edge, exposing cardboard underneath.
Hard edges are harder to mathematically compress and maintain quality than imprecise soft edges.
Hard edges balance with a loose expressive style.
Hard edges become softer and jaggies less obvious.
Hard edges erode.
Hard edges fit better into mass production and consumption of art as well.
Hard egg Put on the gloves and goggles.
Hard enamel coating, soft plastic coated grips protect finish.
Some hard enamel covers surfaces.
Some hard enamel has appearances.
Hard errors are specific to a single station on the ring.
Hard evidence includes clothing, sheets or anything else that is considered physical evidence.
Hard evidence is always better than a description of it.
Hard evidence is even better if available eg.
Hard evidence is harder to come by.
Hard evidence is, however, difficult to collect.
Hard evidence supports that widely repeated lament.
Some hard evidence supports assumptions.
Hard exercise can bring about migraines in some children.
Hard exits occur upon case closure or completion.
Hard exoskeletons protect inner organs.
Hard exoskeletons protect internal organs.
Hard exoskeletons protect organs.
Hard exoskeletons protect soft internal organs.
Most hard exoskeletons protect inner organs.
Most hard exoskeletons protect internal organs.
Most hard exoskeletons protect organs.
Most hard exoskeletons protect soft internal organs.
Some hard exoskeletons protect animals.
Hard experience is the most efficient teacher in democracy.
Hard exudates are signs of bacterial infection of the retina.
Most hard faces have poor tensile or shear strength.
Hard facts are difficult to come by.
Hard facts are few.
Hard facts are.
Hard facts remain impossible to obtain.
Some hard facts are prerequisite.
Hard feelings abound.
Hard feelings are hard to put aside.
Hard feelings are the inevitable result.
Hard feelings die slowly in college football.
Hard feelings persist years later.
Hard feelings persist.
Hard feelings present another huge obstacle to achieving harmony.
Hard ferrites are effective when they have a high remanence and coercivity.
Hard fescue is to be planted instead, as a shade tolerant, non-invasive ground cover.
Hard fescue is very drought resistant and tolerant to close mowing.
Hard fescues is one of the few salt tolerant cool season grasses.
Hard fibers come from the leaves of certain monocotyledonous plants.
Hard figures are hard to come by.
Hard finish gives the most reliable extended protection.
Hard food helps to scrape away the plaque before it turns to tartar.
Hard food is optional in all recipes.
Hard foods can break or damage wires and brackets.
Hard foods keep hamster teeth ground down.
Hard foods knock brackets off the teeth and bend wires and bands.
Hard forms range from original artwork to slides.
Hard frost damages leaves.
Hard frost damages shoots.
Hard frost is a sign of south wind and rain.
Hard frost is possible almost every night of the year.
Hard frosts are rare, but do occur.
Hard funk is like a pyramid.
Hard gelatin capsules contain mg.
Hard goods are surely in a material manager's asset inventory.
Hard goods have to be manufactured from raw materials and with machienery.
Hard gradation is a term denoting the quality of harsh contrast in a photograph.
Hard ground has to be broken up, and all the stones and weeds removed.
Hard guard refuses the fans to come closer.
Hard guitars kick in.
A hard hat is an artisan
Hard hat is painted in black over blond hair.
Hard hats are always available.
Hard hats are available from the shift supervisor where head protection is required.
Hard hats are available in each of the cabins.
Hard hats are compulsory in the cross-country and jumping events.
Hard hats are compulsory.
Hard hats are effective only if worn properly.
Hard hats are helmets.
Hard hats are mandatory.
Hard hats are provided, beginners are welcome and treks are led by experienced leaders.
Hard hats are to be worn under or on the dish structure.
Hard hats come in three classes.
Hard hats hang on the wall next to a station for walkie-talkies.
Hard hats shine in the sun.
Hard hearts are an asset when stressing obedience.
Hard hearts makes for soft heads.
Hard hits become less painful, and players gain confidence and assurance in their game.
Hard ideas are more valuable than easy ideas.
Hard infiltration is different.
Hard information is also an important part of the hiring process.
Hard information is negligible.
Hard information is quantitative information.
More hard information is needed for decision-making.
Hard insert protects the screen.
Hard iron is used in permanent magnets.
Hard labor is a drag.
Hard labor is also a natural sedative at night.
Hard labor is forbidden as a punishment in Israel.
Hard labour is necessary.
Hard lamination is thicker than the soft lamination and therefore much more durable.
Hard layers resist erosion and make steep walls at the falls.
Hard lead is also available in white, red or yellow pencils only .
Hard lead is lead
Hard lead is used for battery plates.
Hard leather is best on carpeting but can sometimes be too slippery.
Hard leather is boiled in oil and moulded for the user.
Hard lenses are obsolete nowadays.
Hard lenses are obsolete nowadays.
Hard lessons are the most worthy of our learning.
Many hard lessons have to be learned over again.
Hard level shows smaller thumbnail.
Hard limestone shells with toothed hinge.
Hard limits impose a ceiling on the values of the current limits.
A hard line is a position
Hard lines feature electrical items, sporting goods, automotive, hardware and toys.
Hard links appear as normal directories, they simply mirror the files contained in the parent.
Hard links can still link to files.
Hard links contain the name of the file, and the inode number.
Hard links do have a couple of disadvantages.
Hard links ensure the existence of a file.
Hard links have some problems.
Hard links provide localized reliable binding.
Hard links refer directly to the inode for a file.
Hard liquor is a just reward for a hard life.
Hard liquor is alcohol
Hard liquor is alcoholic beverages.
Hard liquor is forbidden.
Hard liquor is more intoxicating than beer or wine.
Hard liquor is still the most psychedelic drug available.
Hard liquor is the topic, and the harder the better.
Hard liquor is very expensive in Sweden.
Hard liquor liberates the truth.
Hard lock is serious a disease that inhibits the cotton boll from opening.
Hard maple is a close-grained wood that is predominantly white in color.
Hard maple is a close-grained wood that is predominately white in color.
Hard maple is more stable and durable than softwoods.
Hard maple is used as a fuel, veneer, railroad ties and pulpwood.
Hard maples are a major contributor to Iowa's outstanding fall color.
Hard maples are very tolerant, slow growing, long lived with a wide-spreading lateral root system.
Hard mast is an especially important wildlife food in the fall and winter.
Hard mast is another name for a nut crop such as acorns, hickory nuts, or beech nuts.
Hard mast is seeds such as acorns and beechnuts.
Hard mast is the fruit or nuts of trees such as oaks, beech, walnut, chinquapin, and hickories.
Hard mast refers to nuts such as acorns and beech, pecan and hickory nuts.
Hard mast refers to nuts such as acorns and beech, pecan, and hickory nuts.
Hard match is an actual cash expense to the grant.
Hard materials are difficult to scratch.
Hard materials are important in industry .
Hard materials are important in industry.
Hard materials reflect and soft materials absorb.
Hard mattresses don t necessarily offer the best support.
Hard measures look backward in time to evaluate an activity that has already taken place.
Hard media require large applied fields to become permanently magnetized.
Hard modems are best under all conditions.
Hard money can be systemically more corrupting to the political process than soft money.
Hard money consists of the contributions individuals commonly make to a candidate.
Hard money is campaign money strictly regulated by the federal government.
Hard money is difficult to raise and easy to spend.
Hard money is for doing good.
Hard money is given directly to a candidate.
Hard money is intended for express advocacy activity on behalf of candidates.
Hard money is no less a tool of political influence.
Hard money is regulated.
Hard money is that which is given directly to candidates.
Hard money is the limited individual contributions given to parties and federal candidates.
Hard money is the money given directly to candidates by individuals.
Hard money is things like the water line.
Hard money is what usually appears in prospect.
Hard money means contributions that are legal under federal law for federal elections.
Hard money refers to restricted donations that can be spent directly on behalf of candidates.
Hard money tends to be more valuable to national parties.
Hard moves lead left and then up to a bolt, above that the climbing eases to a good ledge.
Hard mud is called shale.
Hard negotiators approach the negotiation as a test of wills in a zero sum game.
Hard news is even harder to find.
Hard news is news
Hard news is news.
Hard news is usually event driven, with emphasis on major newsmakers and public events.
Hard news refers to news that usually leads off a newscast.
Hard numbers are difficult to come by.
Hard numbers are difficult to obtain.
Hard numbers are impossible to come by, since most retreats are run by small spiritual communities.
Hard numbers are preferable to statistics.
Hard numbers expressing tangible assets tell only part of the story.
Hard numbers provide good reason to outsource capital investment.
Hard numbers underscore the point.
Hard numbers verifying the growth of vegetarianism are difficult to find.
Hard objects are things like buildings, hills, and mountains.
Hard objects become dangerous projectiles coming out of the spout.
Hard objects can become danger-ous projectiles.
Hard objects coming out of the spout become dangerous projectiles.
Hard ones are still too green and really soft ones are too ripe.
Hard outer shells serve functions.
Hard outer shells serve protective functions.
Hard outer shells serve vital functions.
Hard outer shells serve vital protective functions.
Hard pack can have a smooth as glass surface.
Hard pads are optimum.
Hard pans occur naturally in some soils.
Hard panels are more durable, but are usually more expensive.
Hard part is finished.
Hard part is over now.
Hard part is yet to come.
Hard parts are able to withstand higher degrees of physical and chemical alteration than soft parts.
Hard parts are much more commonly preserved than soft tissues.
Hard part's the psychology, the concentration.
Hard pencils are best for fine details and techinical drawing.
Hard pieces are dangerous if swallowed.
Hard pitches are usually good to bat on because of high but even bounce.
Hard plastic is durable.
Hard plastic is present on the door panels, lower dash and center console.
Hard play builds self-esteem.
Hard point stays sharp longer.
Hard points are useful in that they provide absolute information about the true scene.
Hard porcelain is somewhat translucent and soft is opaque.
Hard power is a zero-sum game and presupposes verticality and violence.
Hard power is exercised through economic sanction or military force.
Hard pressure ameliorates the China pains, as light pressure aggravates.
Hard problems are more fun, anyway.
Any hard project is guaranteed to stir up a wide range of emotions.
Hard prototypes refer to the actual physical models that can be touched.
Hard puzzles can make younger players frustrated, but overall the game is a blast.
Hard questions are located in tests.
Hard questions are really tough.
Hard questions arise.
Hard questions get hard answers.
Hard questions have to be answered and deals have to be struck.
Hard rain falls.
Hard rain makes the river dark with mud.
Hard rains splash the bacteria to stems and leaves.
Hard reeds do nothing for new students save for introducing incorrect ideas.
Hard reeds require more air pressure.
Hard requirements are also important for machine checkability.
Hard resets are pains.
Hard returns are one of the most powerful Braille formatting commands.
Hard returns are preferable.
Hard returns result in a forced line break being inserted.
Hard rides can be fun.
Hard rime is comparatively dense.
Hard rock is a blues-based music played louder and more aggressive on stage.
Hard Rock is alive and well and as wicked as ever.
Hard rock is drilled and blasted with explosives so the broken material can be removed.
Hard rock is highly toxic.
Hard Rock is more than a cafe.
Hard rocks are rock music.
Hard rocks are rocks.
Hard rules are tough though.
A hard sauce is a sauce
Hard sauce is known in England as brandy butter.
Hard scales feed differently than soft scales.
Hard science dispels uncertainty.
Hard science is easy, soft science is hard.
Hard science is modeled on Newtonian physics as a model.
Hard science is physics.
Hard science is real.
Most hard scientists take a different view.
Hard security is vulnerable if someone finds a way to bypass it.
Hard seeds are undesirable when immediate germination is required.
Hard Sets Are Hard to Find.
Hard sex begins from there and continues until the woman's sexual appetite is satisfied.
Hard shale is probably Calcareous.
Hard shank is available.
Hard shell gives good protection.
Hard shells are located in turtles.
Hard shells are made of silica.
Hard shells are useful protection, at least from weak-jawed creatures.
Hard shells cost a little more than soft.
Hard shells develop a nice, mottled green color and can grow quite large and heavy.
Hard shells serve functions.
Hard shells serve protective functions.
Hard shells serve vital functions.
Hard shells serve vital protective functions.
Most hard shells are made of silica.
Most hard shells serve functions.
Most hard shells serve protective functions.
Most hard shells serve vital functions.
Most hard shells serve vital protective functions.
Some hard shells cover heads.
Some hard shells have legs.
Some hard shells protect mollusks.
Hard shoes have fiberglass tips and heels, the same kind of heels as boy s light shoes.
Hard shoes run up the wooden stairs anal sex.
Hard skills are easier to acquire and excel at than soft skills.
Hard skills refer to the mechanical skills of planning, scheduling, and controlling.
Hard slabs are tricky beasts.
Hard sleeper is the next step down for overnight travel.
Hard sleepers are open six bed niches with no door towards the corridor.
Hard snags are essentially sound wood while soft snags are in an advanced state of decay.
Hard snow can be pretty unforgiving.
Hard snow is also easier to climb than scree.
Hard snow makes for a bruised butt.
Hard snowstorms have too many broken flakes and bits to bother going out and photographing.
Hard soap is said to be an Arab development later imported into Europe.
Hard soil prevents the fine roots from growing.
Hard soils indicate low organic matter or high clay content.
Hard solder is solder
Hard solder is solder.
Hard solder makes stronger solder joints.
Hard solders are used for brazing, and melt at higher temperatures.
Hard solders contain substantial quantities of silver in the alloy.
Hard sole features our lightweight shoofly rubber sole.
Hard spheres are relatively simple conceptually, but troublesome computationally.
Hard spheres are therefore the natural reference system in descriptions of the liquid state.
Hard starch begins forming at the kernel tip when denting occurs.
Hard steel is steel
Hard steel is the sort of thing that ruins files.
Hard stools are difficult and painful to pass.
Hard stools can be very painful and are difficult to pass.
Hard stucco is cement over wire.
Hard substrates are preferred.
Hard substrates are scarce but important for life in the deep sea.
All hard suction has storz couplings with folding long handles to make and break.
Hard surface is preferred, grass is acceptable.
Hard surface Refers to the impermeable ground surface beneath the drip line.
Hard surfaces are often ceramic tile, hardwood or marble.
Hard surfaces become much more dangerous on a slope.
Hard surfaces can cause errors in precipitation measurements due to splash-in.
Hard surfaces can play havoc with voice-activated video systems.
Hard surfaces come in many forms.
Hard surfaces reflect sound.
Hard surfaces tend to bounce the sound off the surface.
Hard surfaces transform music and conversation into clamorous cacophony.
Hard tack is a cracker.
Hard tack See ship's biscuit .
Hard tannins assert themselves on the short finish.
Hard tannins make the teeth furry.
Some hard tannins distract a little from an otherwise extraordinary taste.
Hard technologies are bits and bytes, electrons and e-mail, satellites and search engines.
Hard technology can help here as well.
Hard tests lie ahead.
Hard thing are easy and easy things are hard.
Hard things are hard.
Hard things happen to people in courtrooms.
A hard tick is a tick
Hard ticks are of economic importance in the transmission of a variety of diseases.
Hard ticks are ticks.
Hard ticks have a hard dorsal plate called a scutum and mouthparts that are visible from above.
Hard ticks have three distinct life stages.
Hard ticks mate on their host and then the females lay a single, large batch of eggs.
Most hard ticks have either two or three hosts during their development.
Most hard ticks secrete a cement-like substance during feeding.
Hard tile enhances the foyer, kitchen and family area.
Hard time is difficulty
Hard time is difficulty.
Hard time is time.
Hard time keeping jobs, family and friends are very understanding but terribly frustrated.
Hard time letting-go and playing.
Hard time ought to be for the barest minimum of hard-core offenders.
Hard times are a terrible price to pay for stupidity.
Hard times are about losing spirit, and hope, and what happens when dreams dry up.
Hard times are coming, repression is organized on a grand scale.
Hard times are fast approaching.
Hard times are harder at the bottom.
Hard times are indeed on their way.
Hard times befall the town, with cave-ins and flooded tunnels making mining a poor enterprise.
Hard times benefit the able man.
Hard times bring a re-evaluation of institutions supported by taxes.
Hard times bring out strange instincts in people.
Hard times build strong people but easy times are dangerous times.
Hard times call for a different approach.
Hard times call for drastic measures.
Hard times can be the best of times for the fast-learning entrepreneur.
Hard times can be the best time for starting a business on a shoestring.
Hard times can consume our energy, take a toll on our joy, and make our lives a miserable existence.
Hard times can elicit a tendency to draw inward and close off.
Hard times can fall on anyone as a result of a job loss, illness or fire.
Hard times can make people do bad things, even to steal from a young boy.
Hard times can serve as a reminder that our relationships are a gift.
Hard times come and go on the reservation, and one constant to help forget was sports.
Hard times come and go.
Hard times create dependent people.
Hard times end.
Hard times exist everywhere.
Hard times follow any economic crash.
Hard times have a wonderful way to bring out the best in someone.
Hard times hit black America hardest.
Hard times increase public demand for parks that families can visit for free.
Hard times is over.
Hard times pass.
Hard times require hard lines.
All hard times can be a witness.
Hard tissue reading are most commonly X-rays for broken bones.
Some hard tissue is connected by flexible membranes.
Some hard tissue is connected by membranes.
Hard tools are also most appropriate when cut-out designs are intricate.
Hard top is in excellent shape.
Hard tops are available here.
Hard Tops Refinishing - Learn to refinish tubs, counters and appliances.
Hard Tops Refinishing Learn to refinish bathtub, appliances, and countertops.
Hard Tops Refinishing Learn to refinish tubs, counters and appliances.
Some hard tops have a passenger-side roof hatch.
Hard tormentor is on a motorized set.
Hard trailer braking, causing tire bounce and vibration, leads to further tire wear.
Hard training can even result in death.
Hard training is really the easy part.
Hard training is the biggest part.
Hard training opens alot of doors worth walking into.
Hard training pays off.
Hard treatments are blinds, shades, shutters, and verticals.
Hard truths face organizations everyday.
Hard tube shows slight discoleration.
Hard tumor masses called gummas appear in different parts of the body.
Hard twitches cause a big bubble pop.
Hard tyres are the norm and there are no advantages or penalties.
Hard vacuum starts at one millimeter of mercury.
Hard veggies take longer to cook also.
Hard veggies take longer, too.
Hard version has two blank tiles to make moving tiles more difficult.
Hard victories come on strange feet.
Hard walkers are in the habit of hitting the ground with their heels or the soles of their feet.
Hard walls result in sharper resonances and narrower bandwidths.
All hard ware is included for Hanging.
Hard water affects pools in several ways.
Hard water can also clog plumbing and make water taste bad.
Hard water can also leave a film on hair, fabrics, and glassware.
Hard water can also provide significant amounts of calcium.
Hard water can cause a build up of scale from mineral deposits.
Hard water can cause off-colors and flavors.
Hard water can cause problems because of accumulation of scale in the water delivery system.
Hard water can cause skin to become dry and irritated and can make hair dry and frizzy.
Hard water can cause white deposits or spots on glassware, dishes and silverware.
Hard water can cause yellowing and rust spots.
Hard water can contribute to incompatiblity.
Hard water can have high levels of calcium and magnesium.
Hard water can leave deposits that weaken or completely cut off the water jets.
Hard water can reduce the effectiveness of dairy cleaning chemicals.
Hard water can reduce the effectiveness of the cleaning process.
Hard water can upset zinc levels.
Hard water causes films on glass shower doors, walls and bathtubs.
Hard water causes mineral build-up in dishwashers.
Hard water causes other problems, as well.
Hard water causes soap to precipitate, as evidenced by a bathtub ring.
Hard water causes soaps to curd in the water rather than make a lather.
Hard water causes toughening of the vegetable skin during blanching and canning.
Hard water causes unsightly scale build-up on plumbing, and other surfaces.
Hard water comes from shallow ground and contains calcium and magnesium.
Hard water comes from the main water pipe into the softener.
Hard water contains a great quantity of minerals.
Hard water contains dissolved calcium and magnesium ions.
Hard water contains high concentration of calcium compounds.
Hard water contains high concentrations of calcium ions.
Hard water contains high levels of calcium and magnesium.
Hard water contains large amounts of calcium and magnesium, which reduce the effectiveness of soap.
Hard water contains large amounts of calcium and magnesium.
Hard water contains minerals which make it alkaline.
Hard water contains more magnesium than soft water.
Hard water contaminated with calcium and magnesium ions enters the exchange column or bed.
Hard water enhances the perception of bitterness.
Hard water forms insoluble layers in the pipes while soft and acidic water dissolves the lead pipes.
Hard water gives an alkaline cooking medium which affects color of foods, especially vegetables.
Hard water has a heavy load of dissolved solids.
Hard water has a relatively high level as compared to soft water which has a low level.
Hard water has many disadvantages.
Hard water impairs the cleaning strength of detergents.
Hard water increases films and stains from soaps, minerals and other pollutants.
Hard water interferes with laundering, washing dishes, bathing, and personal grooming.
Hard water interferes with the action of detergents, and can lead to poor cleaning of equipment.
Hard water is a better for health because soft water adds more sodium to our diets.
Hard water is a problem that many people face in their home.
Hard water is a serious problem, and it is a common one.
Hard water is a source of many problems.
Hard water is actually better to use for bringing up young by the way.
Hard water is also the leading cause of skin problems.
Hard water is another example of a film building fluid.
Hard water is beneficial to health.
Hard water is caused by dissolved calcium and magnesium in the water.
Hard water is caused by water passing through rock formations and picking up calcium and magnesium.
Hard water is considered a nuisance water problem.
Hard water is defined by the amount of calcium and magnesium present in the water.
Hard water is definitely an important consideration for Apogee application.
Hard water is essentially water containing broken down mineral particles like calcium and magnesium.
Hard water is extremely high in alkaline minerals.
Hard water is high in calcium and magnesium, while soft water is high in sodium.
Hard water is more product than soft.
Hard water is of concern to the homeowner as deposits form on plumbing fixtures and appliances.
Hard water is safe to drink.
Hard water is softened by a process called ion exchange.
Hard water is the most common problem found in the average home.
Hard water is water that contains calcium and magnesium salts dissolved in it.
Hard water is water that contains much dissolved a. Sodium and chloride.
Hard water is water that has positively charged calcium, magnesium and iron ions dissolved in it.
Hard water is water
Hard water is water.
Hard water leads to premature equipment failure.
Hard water leaves a drying mineral residue on skin.
Hard water leaves a ring around the bathtub because of precipitation with soap.
Hard water leaving a layer of calcium on everything is a good example.
Hard water makes the best espresso but can break down machines.
Hard water makes washing more difficult by decreasing the amount of lather or suds.
Hard water occurs when large amounts of calcium, magnesium, or iron ions are present.
Hard water passes through the resin bed to become soft.
Hard water prevents iodine sanitizers from working.
Hard water produces better quality bread than any type of water.
Hard water restricts the cleaning function of soap.
Hard water ruins thousands of hot and cold water systems and general household appliances each year.
Hard water seems to be more of an issue with herbicides than with insecticides and fungicides.
Hard water shortens the service life of pipes and chemical equipment.
Hard water tends to leave a calcium build up on the fronds.
Hard water tends to leave white mineral deposits on the ends of faucets and on shower curtains.
Hard waters are as satisfactory for drinking as-soft waters.
Hard waters are as satisfactory for human consumption as soft waters.
Hard waters have a tendency to form scale deposits in pipes and heating coils.
More hard water is added to replace the water that evaporates.
Most hard water contains calcium and magnesium.
Hard wax is made for a colder, grainier snow.
Hard wear is available at our usual low, low prices.
Hard wheat contains more gluten protein which is needed for a good rising yeast bread dough.
Hard wheat has more protein than soft wheat.
Hard wheat has more protein, including more gluten, and is used for bread making.
Hard wheat is wheat
Hard wheat makes the best flour for bread.
Hard wheat yields the highest amount of protein, or gluten.
Hard wheats are excellent for bread because bread needs that tougher gluten to make it rise.
Hard wheats are higher in protein and gluten and are usually used for yeast breads.
Hard wheats are higher in protein than soft wheats.
Hard wheats contain the most protein, so they work well as protein substitutes in recipes.
Hard wheels skate and slide on hard floor surfaces.
Hard wheels slide better, but have less shock absorption.
Hard wire is still the best for performance while wireless is best for flexibility.
Hard wiring avoids internal connectors.
Hard wiring is replaced with a circuit board.
Hard woman goes squeamish with a little fishy.
Hard wood is a little slower .
Hard wood is dark brown and snaps in two with a slight bend.
Hard wood is used for furniture, floors, and paneling.
Hard woods are generally better to work with then soft woods.
Hard woods produce beautiful carvings that are durable.
Hard wooden chairs have seats.
Hard words break no bones.
Hard work accomplishes something good.
Hard work bears fruit.
Hard work brings consistency.
Hard work brings discipline . . .
HARD work brings success and apparently a long life.
Hard work can be fun.
Hard work can bring a person to a sense of self-esteem.
Hard work can get an athlete far.
Hard work can make lousy strategies succeed.
Hard work can often overcome a lack of experience or training.
Hard work causes a desire to rests.
Hard work comes naturally.
Hard work comes with the territory.
Hard work conquers the worst of luck.
Hard work counts too.
Hard work creates opportunity.
Hard work creates success.
Hard work deserves suitable compensation.
Hard work does pay off.
Hard work does.
Hard work enables our corporation to optimize the value of being a lean organization .
Hard work equals money which equals success which equals one mans greatness.
Hard work equals more money equals better goods equals a better life.
Hard work equals more money equals better goods equals better quality of life.
Hard work goes into servicing the sponsors.
Hard work has a future payoff, but laziness pays off now.
Hard work has a future payoff, laziness pays off now.
Hard work has a future payoff.
Hard work has a future.
Hard work has future payoff.
Hard work has nothing to do with it.
Hard work has to be fun.
Hard work involves hardships, and hardships give rise to new development.
Hard work involves the commitment to preparing for success.
Hard work is a future payoff.
Hard work is a lifetime commitment.
Hard work is a principle.
Hard work is a trait that most great scientists have.
Hard work is acknowledged through the use of award assemblies each calendar month.
Hard work is always necessary.
Hard work is appreciated.
Hard work is capable of bugs.
Hard work is driven by a sense of purpose and guided by a set of shared values.
Hard work is essential for continued and lasting success.
Hard work is excellent medicine.
Hard work is for fools.
Hard work is fun too.
Hard work is glorified as a justification for withdrawing aid from welfare recipients.
Hard work is hard work.
Hard work is healthy.
Hard work is important.
Hard work is just hard work.
Hard work is key in their rehabilitation.
Hard work is key, but listening to others and seeking advice enhance fund raising success as well.
Hard work is less a guarantee for personal success in the workplace.
Hard work is more important.
Hard work is necessary as well as advance planning.
Hard work is necessary for success.
Hard work is needed to support any vision.
Hard work is needed.
Hard work is nothing new to maintainers.
Hard work is only one of the ingredients to make a potentially good trainee.
Hard work is part of the game.
Hard work is punctuated with smiles and good humour.
Hard work is recognized and individuals and teams are rewarded for their contributions.
Hard work is required and time is of the essence.
Hard work is required to insure that the vast potential of Asia is to be realized.
Hard work is required to learn something.
Hard work is required, however.
Hard work is required.
Hard work is rewarded.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
Hard work is something our nation was built upon.
Hard work is still the most fun.
Hard work is the antidote for disillusionment.
Hard work is the backbone of our family.
Hard work is the basis for success.
Hard work is the best investment a man can make.
Hard work is the easy way out.
Hard work is the key to almost anyone's success.
Hard work is the key to almost every door.
Hard work is the key to longlasting accomplishment.
Hard work is the key to mutual self help.
Hard work is the key to success.
Hard work is the key.
Hard work is the name of the game for the crews in the concession stand.
Hard work is the only real requirement.
Hard work is the only way to bring our clients to the top.
Hard work is the requirement for the person striving to be successful.
Hard work is the secret of their success.
Hard work is the secret to succeeding in almost anything, but it is especially important on the Web.
Hard work is the secret to succeeding in almost anything, especially on the web.
Hard work is the surest means of success.
Hard work is the way athletic achievement is accomplished.
Hard work is the way it happens.
Hard work is very important.
Hard work is well, too hard.
Hard work is what leads to prosperity.
Hard work is what made the beret valuable.
Hard work is what produces success on the basketball court.
Hard work is what wins hockey games.
Hard work makes dreams come true .
Hard work makes easy reading or, at least, easier reading.
Hard work makes good luck.
Hard work makes luck.
Hard work makes the weak stronger.
Hard work needs to go into writing.
Hard work pays off - even if it is over a long period of time.
Hard work pays off and dreams do come true.
Hard work pays off in many ways.
Hard work pays off in the end.
Hard work pays off in the future, but laziness pays off now.
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now.
Hard work pays off in the future.
Hard work pays off in time.
Hard work pays off later, laziness pays off sooner.
Hard work pays off over time.
Hard work pays off The trucking industry has four more reasons to be proud.
Hard work pays off, especially in the satisfaction department.
Hard work pays off, so expect to do a lot of it.
Hard work pays off.
Hard work pays.
Hard work places a dream within reach, so forget about luck for now.
Hard work raises the dust.
Hard work reaps unique and unexpected rewards.
Hard work remains to be done in almost every case.
Hard work requires more.
Hard work wins hockey games.
Hard work wins.
All hard work brings a profit, but mere talk leads only to poverty.
All hard work brings a profit, mere talk leads to poverty.
Much hard work has to go into mutual fine-tuning of the disciplines involved.
Much hard work remains to be done to reach a final, comprehensive local agreement.
Much hard work remains to be done.
A hard worker is a worker
Hard worker runs well in team or wheel.
Hard workers appreciate hard workers.
Hard workers are welcome.
Hard workers desire work.
Hard workers do what is necessary to complete the job.
Hard workers have promotion opportunities.
Hard workers work long hours on a short-term basis with clear goals.
Hard workouts lead to a stronger fitter body.
Hard workouts prepare the mind and body for better performance.
Hard writing does make for easy reading.
Hard writing makes easy reading.
Hard writing makes for easy reading.
Hardanger fiddles have a much different bridge design than a standard violin.
A hardback is a book
Hardback binding for theses and dissertations is available through our copy centers .
Hardback is out of print.
Hardback stands up to library use much better than paperback.
Hardbacks are books.
Hardbacks are no longer available.
Hardboard trim is readily available in all regions of the country.
A hardboard is a board
Hardboard comes in two styles, tempered and untempered.
Hardbound books are pretty much the same in height.
Hardbound books are to be returned in the labeled return slot.
Hardbound books take more time since that binding process is more complex.
All hardbound books are to be covered within one week of receiving the book.
Hardbound copies are available from both publishers.
Hardbound editions are preferred to paperback, where available.
Hardbound notebooks are more expensive but worth it .
Hardcopy documentation is available by ordering the separate software documentation kit.
Hardcopy documentation is available in the document room.
Hardcopy documentation is extra.
Hardcopy documentation is sold separately.
Hardcopy documentation is standard price.
Hardcopy output is also available.
Hardcopy output is available in high quality color or black and white plots.
Hardcopy output is monitored.
Some hardcopy papers have no corresponding on-line versions.
Hardcore action Come in now and get the hottest hardcore show the web has to offer.
Hardcore bands use electric guitars, electric bass guitar, drums, and a singer.
Most hardcore criminals are victims of poverty and child abuse.
Most hardcore designers use the command-line interface anyway.
Hardcore drama is tough.
Many hardcore offenders are unable to control their violent sexual urges.
Hardcore photography is bent on providing what the customer requests - a simple fact.
Hardcore pornography is illegal.
Hardcore punk is punk that insists on the most extreme musical and ideological positions.
Hardcore punk is ultimately about rebellion and questioning authority.
Hardcore pussy can always professional is now hardcore free adult movies and porning ejaculate.
Hardcore sex acts with consenting adults.
Hardcore sex is the perfect medium to meet young teen hardcore sex models.
Hardcore video shows with our young studs all nude video entertainment.
Hardcover books are also more expensive to make, and more expensive to buy.
Hardcover books are in Near Fine Condition in a Very Good slipcase with light corner wear.
Hardcover books can be lined-up vertically on a shelf.
Hardcover books contain a dedication book plate.
A hardcover is a book
Hardcovers are first editions.
Hardcovers can sport the spills and spatters of the happy cook.
All hardcovers have the contents of the comics with the covers.
Some harden mucuses are secreted by glands.
Hardened acrylic is thermoplastic and chemically resistant.
Hardened arteries can rupture, bleed, hemorrhage, or clot.
Hardened bushings are standard in the pivots.
Hardened criminals can try to buy their way out of prison .
Hardened criminals do whatever is necessary to evade identification and arrest.
Hardened criminals opt for a life of helping others.
Hardened criminals walk after doing only half of their sentence to ease jail crowding.
Hardened fans say it's just do-gooders shouting for more safety rules.
Hardened knives ride on agate bearings for long life and sensitivity.
Hardened muscle disappears and instead, flabby fat accumulates, as one gets older.
Hardened oil is less healthful.
Hardened plants are tolerant of frost and can be among the earliest planted garden vegetables.
Hardened plants can withstand such temperatures with ease.
Hardened plants have a greater total absorbing surface in the root system.
Hardened point maintains excellent cutting edge for extra penetration.
Hardened raceways assure long wear and dependability.
Hardened shelters are expensive.
Hardened skeptics expect to debunk the saucer stories, and they do.
Hardened steel can shatter like glass, while other metals simply flatten against the armour plate.
Hardened steel dies.
Hardened veterans know the drill by now.
Some harder balls used in cages dent certain bats.
Harder bends give in to a pair of vice grips and a crescent wrench.
Harder cane makes more brilliant reeds, softer cane gives a warmer sound.
Harder cheeses have a higher melting point.
Harder cheeses have a lower moisture content than softer cheeses.
Harder compounds give up some grip in exchange for longer life and higher operating temperatures.
Harder deposits produce steeper, often cliff-like terrain, whereas softer layers produce slopes.
Harder difficulties throw in more arrows, making it much harder.
Harder dough is much easier to fill.
Harder entry means more profit.
Harder fairways require less loft because more roll is possible.
Harder level requires players to correctly spell out the plural form.
Harder limestones are appropriate for kitchen countertops, they say.
Harder mashes result in faster pitches.
Harder materials are more difficult to cut and shape than softer ones .
Harder materials are more difficult to cut and shape than softer ones.
Harder materials are more resistant to abrasion than softer materials.
Harder materials send back more energy than softer ones.
Harder materials tend to exhibit a more pronounced gradient change as the strain is increased.
Harder math is more secure.
Harder melds score more points.
Harder minerals can scratch softer minerals.
Harder pellets deform less when they are shot and so produce better patterns.
Harder pressure means greater orgasm.
Harder problems involve functions of two variables.
Harder question are worth more points.
Harder questions generate higher scores and easier questions lower scores.
Harder requirements mean fewer entrants.
Harder rock has to be leveled with chisels and grinders.
Harder rocks remain standing above the topographic surface.
Harder seeds are generally denser.
Harder substances are used for cutting tools.
Harder times lay ahead.
Harder tools grind faster.
Harder waxes tend to burn hotter and melt less.
Harder wheels are faster but also more slippery.
Harder wheels go faster but have less traction on the turn.
Harder wheels reduce rolling resistance.
Harder wheels slide easier and last longer.
Harder woods allow smaller dimensions and lighter weights.
Harder work equals better grades.
Hardest exercises introduce number sentences with addition and subtraction symbols.
Hardest ones are critically-constrained.
Hardiness zones are areas of similar growing conditions.
Hardiness zones are large, and local variables can influence planting site temperature.
Hardiness zones are updated periodically to compensate for climate change.
Hardiness zones range from eleven to one.
Hardiness zones refer to regions of North Carolina that are suitable for the plant.
All hardingfele classes are small, with lots of opportunity for individual attention.
A hardliner is a conservative
Hardliners are conservatives.
Hardliners feel a growing sense of urgency to act before Taiwan drifts even further away.
Hardliners seeking to obstruct progress seem to be in retreat.
Most Hardliners are usually vegan, which is vegetarian without dairy products or eggs.
Hardness minerals affect laundry gradually.
Hardness minerals interfere with the cleaning action of soaps and detergents.
Hardness of water is a result of dissolved natural minerals in the water supply.
Hardness properties are approximately four times greater than regular micro finish materials.
Hardness reduction is also desirable for efficient operation.
Hardness tests are done by scratching one mineral against another.
Hardness testing is the simplest method of following the changes in structure.
Hardness affects absorption levels.
Hardness increases somewhat with higher atomic number.
Hardness is quality
Hardness isa property.
Some hardness is needed in plumbing systems to prevent corrosion of pipes.
Hardpan dirt is perfect.
A hardpan is dirt
Hardpan are patches of bare rock alternating with patches of sand or mud.
Hardpan is a mixture of clay, silt, sand, and gravel.
Hardpan is difficult to dig or drill through.
Hardpans can form on golf greens.
Hardship breeds a generous spirit.
Hardship brings one of two things.
Hardship brings out the best.
Hardship builds character.
Hardship consists in thinking Hardship.
Hardship depends on a family's individual and personal situation.
Hardship does that.
Hardship draws on powers and energies idle or go unused.
Hardship encompasses more than mere economic deprivation.
Hardship exists, with no attempt to conceal it.
Hardship here is defined as training.
Hardship is a thing of the past.
Hardship is a universal truth.
Hardship is an opportunity for growth, for building muscle.
Hardship is defined as a bonafide condition difficult to endure.
Hardship is difficulty
Hardship is everywhere.
Hardship is here, but so is joy in the closeness of the grandparents and children.
Hardship is misfortune.
Hardship is of the applicants own making from choice of site to choice of placement of signage.
Hardship is relative.
Hardship is the reality of their lives.
Hardship is to be determined from two perspectives.
Hardship never comes absolute, without some ease accompanying it.
Hardship pay for employees sent to live and work in expensive places.
Hardship permits contain limits and conditions on driving privileges.
Hardship rules for special cases.
Hardships are a gateway to happiness.
Hardships are mountains.
Hardships are necessary for the growth of our soul.
Hardships come with purpose.
Hardships give birth to endurance, and suffering yields greater compassion.
Hardship often matures faith.
All hardships are a test from All h, just as all good things are also a test from All h.
Many hardships result from the paperwork.
Many hardships threaten the survival of the Red River population of terns.
A hardtack is a biscuit
Hardtack is out.
Hardtack is probably the most well known Civil War food.
Hardware acceleration does little to improve the framerate, though it adds some cool effects.
Hardware acceleration is handled for gamers with OpenGL-compatible cards, as well.
Hardware acceleration is recommended.
Hardware acceleration is required.
Hardware acceleration makes possible exquisite lighting and visual effects.
Hardware accelerators are too expensive.
Every hardware address has an expiration date.
Hardware certification is crucial.
Hardware cloth creates a self supporting circle which is easier to manipulate and more durable.
Hardware cloth is secured to a square frame to make a box.
Hardware cloth is used on the landing pad.
Hardware cloth placed under a box helps to prevent snake predation.
Most hardware cloth has many rough and sharp edges which can easily be removed.
Hardware compatibility is another story.
Hardware compatibility is maintained with maintenance software releases.
Hardware compatibility is maintained with minor software releases.
Hardware design allows quick replacement of parts.
Hardware design includes machine controls and power circuits.
Hardware design is frozen.
Hardware design is left to low-margin vendors.
Hardware design requires as much software support as does the firmware.
Hardware engineers are brilliant.
Hardware engineers design the actual computer.
Hardware independence is the key to success for any software product.
Hardware interface rates the ease of operating the main unit.
Hardware interrupts are assigned levels of importance or priority.
Hardware interrupts can be software selected.
Hardware lock is required.
Hardware reset is probably sufficient.
Hardware security Building a network requires a large capital outlay in equipment.
Hardware security is a particularly neglected field.
Hardware shops sell baggage.
Hardware shops sell tagging and marking equipment.
A hardware store is a store
Hardware stores are located in big cities.
Hardware stores are located in cities.
Hardware stores are located in phone books.
Hardware stores are located in shopping malls.
Hardware stores are located in small towns.
Hardware stores are located in strip malls.
Hardware stores are located in towns.
Hardware stores are often good sources for canning jars.
Hardware stores are retail stores.
Hardware stores are shops.
Hardware stores carry entire kits of replacement parts for the toilet tank.
Hardware stores carry it in various heights.
Hardware stores carry plenty of plain and fancy cup hooks in different sizes.
Hardware stores destroy ordinary binders.
Hardware stores offer a good example.
Hardware stores offer economical security lighting devices.
Hardware stores say people snap it up when regular ice-melting products are sold out.
Hardware stores sell a wide variety of casters, but most are too big for small robots.
Hardware stores sell auxiliary locks with a simple thumb screw that block the tracks of windows.
Hardware stores sell coil-cleaning brushes or the crevice tool fitted to a vacuum also works well.
Hardware stores sell inexpensive, yet effective paper face-mask filters to cover the nose and mouth.
Hardware stores sell many, many different items.
Hardware stores sell power spray attachments for regular garden hoses.
Hardware stores sell special compounds to plug up even leaking wide cracks.
Hardware stores sell tools.
Hardware stores sell window insulating kits which work well.
Any hardware store has more dangerous items for sale than drugs.
Many hardware stores carry several types of duct tape.
Many hardware stores sell a folding travel shovel that can be stowed in a trunk for emergencies.
Many hardware stores stock it too.
Most hardware stores carry a rack of aluminum in various sizes and shapes.
Most hardware stores carry good spray paint and primer for a few dollars per can.
Most hardware stores carry inexpensive ones.
Most hardware stores carry inexpensive, fiberglass filters that are disposable.
Most hardware stores carry the appropriate type.
Most hardware stores have cushions that can be safely put behind switch plates and outlet covers.
Most hardware stores have jack installation materials available for purchase.
Most hardware stores have large hose clamps sized to fit standard dryer duct.
Most hardware stores sell converter kits and adapters.
Some hardware stores carry garage door parts but their selection is limited.
Some hardware stores have big chunks of the stuff real cheap.
Some hardware stores offer courses in building items as well.
Some hardware stores sell a special hose to connect to a faucet.
Some hardware stores sell high quality aluminum tubing.
Some hardware stores sell it.
Hardware systems achieve high throughput rates.
Hardware systems are physically secure.
Hardware tokens are even rarer.
Hardware tokens offer a 'zero footprint' solution.
Hardware upgrades are easy.
Hardware upgrades are effortless.
Hardware upgrades are generally far more efficient.
Hardware upgrades are in many cases user installable.
Hardware upgrades are limited.
Hardware accomodates eight pall-bearers.
Hardware architectures for concurrency.
Hardware attributes relate to both the processor and the network.
Hardware bugs present important difficulties that have received inadequate attention.
Hardware changes fast, especially graphics hardware.
Hardware changes very rapidly and better configurations are available monthly.
Hardware components for prototype.
Hardware consumes more power than software.
Hardware costs for both options are similar.
Hardware costs subject to change.
Hardware decoding is recommended.
Hardware faults cause data mutilation.
Hardware handshaking means that the hardware controls the data flow.
Hardware incompatibilities aren t the only potential problem.
Hardware integers holding the offset value can overflow past the maximum corresponding date.
Hardware is an arms
Hardware is components.
Hardware is die cast or welded, and is available in either nickel or brass plate.
Hardware is part of computers.
Hardware is terms.
Hardware isa constituent.
Hardware isa element.
Hardware lines over which devices can send interrupts .
Hardware locking mechanism needs repair.
Hardware monitor for system, processor temperature, voltage and fan speed.
Hardware peripherals available to faculty include a flatbed scanner and CD burner .
Hardware peripherals tester.
Hardware plays a role, too.
Hardware profiles from mainframes down to desktops, including operating systems.
Hardware requirements Back to the table of contents page.
Hardware reviews also.
Hardware reviews, downloads, opinions, and more.
Hardware reviews, technical tips, Internet forum on the subject.
Hardware reviews, tips galore, cool sites, a little humor, a little love, it's all good.
Hardware seem durable.
Hardware tests for compliance and fixes.
Hardware tokens that generate OTPs seem like a great idea.
Hardware triggering allows real-time events to be captured from a piconet.
Hardware upgrade to add new functionality.
Hardware upgrades .
Hardware upgrades and repairs.
Hardware upgrades for all types of PC's.
Hardware wavetables off-load processing of instruments onto the soundcard.
Hardware works best when it matters the least.
Hardware write protection stops volume shadowing software from maintaining identical volumes.
All hardware are brass.
All hardware comes with a full one-year guarantee.
All hardware comes with a one year on site warranty.
All hardware comes with a one-year manufacturer's limited warranty.
All hardware fails sooner or later.
All hardware fails, there are hundreds of new viruses distributed weekly, and hackers abound.
All hardware falls free and out of the way.
All hardware fits inside the matching, tubular-style drum throne.
All hardware fits tightly with no air leakage.
All hardware has a certain margin of speed that it was designed to run in.
All hardware has a limited range of frequencies over which it can operate.
All hardware is aluminum and stainless steel.
All hardware is AN, stainless, plated or painted.
All hardware is applied with machine bolts and cap screws to withstand years of use.
All hardware is available in either chrome or powder coated finishes.
All hardware is available in the lab for faculty use.
All hardware is black chrome.
All hardware is black.
All hardware is booted and system failure diagnostics are run before final shipment.
All hardware is brass.
All hardware is bronze and there is an oak sampson post with a bronze cap with a star.
All hardware is bronze or stainless steel.
All hardware is cadmium plated to resist corrosion.
All hardware is cadmium plated to resist rust.
All hardware is cadmium-plated for exceptional rust protection.
All hardware is cast of non-corrosive bright brass for flawless performance.
All hardware is chorme.
All hardware is chrome plated bronze, stainless steel or high strength alloys.
All hardware is chrome plated.
All hardware is complete with exception of tachometer.
All hardware is covered by our insurance.
All hardware is easily accessible to the installer from inside the work cell.
All hardware is either brass or stainless steel.
All hardware is eligible for a rematch.
All hardware is epoxied in for strength.
All hardware is excellent top notch.
All hardware is external to the patient, without incisions, anesthesia or drugs.
All hardware is factory installed before shipping, so minimal installation is requited.
All hardware is flawed.
All hardware is fully operational.
All hardware is furnished for easy installation.
All hardware is gold anodized.
All hardware is gold.
All hardware is grade A quality.
All hardware is heavy duty chrome plated or stainless steel.
All hardware is heavy duty chrome plated zamac or cast stainless steel.
All hardware is heavy-duty cast stainless steel.
All hardware is highly polished brass.
All hardware is hot-dipped galvanized medium carbon steel.
All hardware is in fair to good condition.
All hardware is in good working condition.
All hardware is in perfect condition and box is solid.
All hardware is in stock and comes with a one-year warranty.
All hardware is in stock at all times, with no minimum order.
All hardware is in stock for immediate delivery.
All hardware is in working condition.
All hardware is included .
All hardware is included and all components are fully finished, and pre-fit for quick assembly.
All hardware is included with the bindings.
All hardware is included with the cabinet kit.
All hardware is included.
All hardware is installed.
All hardware is manufactured from premium stainless steel.
All hardware is manufactured in solid, marine-quality brass for extended outdoor use.
All hardware is manufactured of sheet alloy steel or drop forged alloy steel.
All hardware is marine-grade polished brass.
All hardware is new and covered by normal manufacturer warranties.
All hardware is nickel or chrome plated.
All hardware is nickel plated.
All hardware is nickel-plated brass.
All hardware is nickel-plated to resist stains and tarnishing.
All hardware is non-oxidizing metal or galvanized metal.
All hardware is packaged in individually labeled poly bags.
All hardware is packaged individually according to size.
All hardware is painted black.
All hardware is plated in gold tone.
All hardware is powder coated aluminum or stainless steel.
All hardware is pretty comparable.
All hardware is provided.
All hardware is recessed for wear ability and shipping purposes.
All hardware is recessed for wearability and shipping purposes.
All hardware is recessed.
All hardware is rustproof stainless steel and aluminum.
All hardware is servicable.
All hardware is silicon-bronze or brass.
All hardware is sold on a replacement basis only.
All hardware is solid brass secured in place with double stitched nylon seams.
All hardware is solid brass, except oarlocks which are chrome.
All hardware is solid brass.
All hardware is stainless steel and is solidly bolted.
All hardware is stainless steel for long last durability.
All hardware is stainless steel for strength, durability and good looks.
All hardware is stainless steel or zinc plated to provde maintenance free racks for a life time.
All hardware is stainless steel to protect against saltwater.
All hardware is stainless steel, and a fiberglass radome covers the complete antenna.
All hardware is stainless steel, including the snap hooks.
All hardware is stainless steel.
All hardware is sterling or gold filled.
All hardware is strictly the finest to suit any application.
All hardware is stripped and plated with black zinc for rust resistance.
All hardware is supplied.
All hardware is tested for compatibility and reliability.
All hardware is the best available in nickel plated brass.
All hardware is vintage-looking and good.
All hardware is warranted for five years, for unequaled peace of mind.
All hardware is warranted for one year from data of shipment.
All hardware is zinc plated to resist rust and wear.
All hardware is zinc-plated to prevent rusting.
All hardware listed here is as represented by the owner.
All hardware provides for particulate containment during access and transfer operations.
All hardware remains on campus.
All hardware required for assembly is included.
All hardware required for installation is included.
All hardware sucks.
Any hardware sells hundreds of items made of iron.
Every hardware is commercially available.
More hardware is supported than in the original kernel versions.
More hardware is the normal answer.
Most hardware is auto-detected without parameters.
Most hardware is coated with a light brown or tan stain.
Most hardware is in stock and available for immediate shipment.
Most hardware is Plug and Play install, but there are still tricks to installing.
Most hardware related problems arise with very new machines.
Most hardware supports a maximum size larger than the conventional payload size.
Most hardware uses either seven or eight bits as a single byte.
Some hardware does it one way, and some does it the other.
Some hardware is already available to handle such chores.
Some hardware needs to be initialized.
Some hardware prevents KEXTs from loading.
Some hardware requires memory in physical continuous blocks.
Hardwick house is a fourteen bedroom establishment.
Hardwired logic is essentially unalterable.
Hardwired networks can grow without installing additional cables.
Hardwired ones use direct electrical connection to transmit the auditory signal.
Hardwood construction is sturdy and long-lasting.
Hardwood construction produces excellent tone.
Hardwood cuttings are taken from dormant mature stems in late fall, winter, or early spring.
Hardwood cuttings are taken from the bush while the plant is dormant in late autumn or early winter.
Hardwood cuttings are taken in the fall, as the plant goes dormant.
Hardwood cuttings are tough and require less skill, care and attention than softwood cuttings.
Hardwood floors approx.
Hardwood floors are located in carpets.
Hardwood floors extend throughout the inn.
Hardwood floors make for easy care.
Hardwood flooring can add richness and warmth to any room.
Hardwood flooring can be very delicate.
Hardwood flooring is easily and very authentically reproduced.
Hardwood flooring is more than just a decorating decision.
Hardwood flooring is one of the most common flooring in our life.
Hardwood flooring is preferable to laminate flooring, which contains formaldehyde.
Hardwood flooring is recommended for commercial use in carefully selected applications.
Hardwood flooring is very popular all over the world.
Hardwood feet are also available for floor standing installation .
Hardwood forests canvas steep mountain slopes.
Hardwood forests cover the uplands of the area, with maple, white birch, beech and quaking aspen.
Hardwood forests grow on the elevated land of the natural levee.
Hardwood forests provide resources for animals and people alike.
Hardwood forests provide some of the richest wildlife habitat in the state.
Hardwood shrubs produce blossoms.
Hardwood shrubs produce fragrant blossoms.
Most hardwood species overlap a bit and are growing in several regions.
Hardwood trees are angiosperms , plants that produce seeds with some sort of covering.
Hardwood trees are common, along with native grasses and brush.
Hardwood trees are less flammable than pine, evergreen, eucalyptus or fir trees.
Hardwood trees are our only renewable resource.
Hardwood trees burst into their variegated fall color.
Hardwood trees can usually withstand several years of defoliation.
Hardwood trees display numerous symptoms related to water stress.
Hardwood trees experience damage.
Hardwood trees grow more slowly and are more prone to climate effects in the north.
Hardwood trees have seeds.
Hardwood trees have wood.
Hardwood trees lose their leaves every year.
Many hardwood trees are visible with a green canopy of leaves overhead.
Most hardwood trees have decurrent forms.
Most hardwood trees have seeds.
Most hardwood trees have wood.
Some hardwood trees grow here, along with a variety of native grasses.
Hardwood abounds, including a stunning hardwood floor.
Hardwood flooring scrap works well.
Hardwood has xylem vessels which are used to transport water .
Hardwood has xylem vessels which are used to transport water.
Hardwood is a living substance which reacts to changes of relative humidity.
Hardwood is a renewable resource.
Hardwood is also strong, beautiful, and shock-resistant.
Hardwood is any wood derived from leaf-bearing trees.
Hardwood is best for the leeboard, leeboard thwart, mast, mast thwart and mast step.
Hardwood is ideal.
Hardwood is in contrast to softwood which come from conifers , cone bearing seed plants .
Hardwood is in contrast to softwood which come from conifers, cone bearing seed plants.
Hardwood is more durable and less prone to dents and scratches.
Hardwood is recommended.
Hardwood is sometimes hard to come by.
Hardwood is terrible for kindling.
Hardwood is the best.
Hardwood is wood from dicot angiosperm trees .
Hardwood is wood
Hardwood is wood.
Hardwood lumber for fine woodworking craftsmen.
Hardwood permits deep grooves with closer spacing of the slots.
Hardwood provides a flavorful smoke but takes the longest to start burning.
Hardwood stems sprout vigorously from the roots after prescribed burning.
Hardwood trim at pocket openings.
Hardwoods also have the ability to naturally seed themselves or sprout from roots from cut trees.
Hardwoods are a type of tree that produce a dense wood .
Hardwoods are a type of tree that produce a dense wood.
Hardwoods are also an integral component of the higher elevation mixed coniferous forests.
Hardwoods are also less likely to decay or rot than softwoods .
Hardwoods are also less likely to decay or rot than softwoods.
Hardwoods are at a disadvantage in the winter, as well.
Hardwoods are available upon request.
Hardwoods are broad-leaf trees that lose all of their leaves at one time, usually in the fall.
Hardwoods are deciduous, meaning they lose their leaves each fall.
Hardwoods are dense, thereby minimizing warping.
Hardwoods are excellent for carving .
Hardwoods are excellent for carving.
Hardwoods are hand-polished to bring out their rich, unique characteristics.
Hardwoods are in many ways easier to use than pine.
Hardwoods are in plentiful supply.
Hardwoods are more complex, being of more recent evolution.
Hardwoods are much less prone to damage.
Hardwoods are much too heavy.
Hardwoods are on the main along with a large and cozy family room.
Hardwoods are Pennsylvania's most renewable resource.
Hardwoods are porous and readily absorb and release moisture, oil, bacteria, etc.
Hardwoods are preferred, with maple , mahogany , and ash topping the list.
Hardwoods are preferred.
Hardwoods are produced by angiosperm trees that reproduce by flowers, and have broad leaves.
Hardwoods are relatively sparse.
Hardwoods are the trees that have broad leaves, while softwoods are the needled or conifer trees.
Hardwoods are throughout the main level.
Hardwoods are very expensive.
Hardwoods burn clean and slowly and leave lots of good hot cooking coals.
Hardwoods burn slower and longer.
Hardwoods come from deciduous trees.
Hardwoods comprise the majority of the forest, with oak and hickory predominating.
Hardwoods contain more energy per cubic metre than softwoods because they are usually denser.
Hardwoods cost little more than good woods.
Hardwoods dominate as do black bears.
Hardwoods follow the major drainage systems from east to west.
Hardwoods generally come from broadleaf trees that lose their leaves in winter.
Hardwoods grow slower than softwoods .
Hardwoods grow slower than softwoods.
Hardwoods have a denser structure, which is the reason they are usually harder and heavier.
Hardwoods have a more complex internal structure than softwoods .
Hardwoods have a more complex internal structure than softwoods.
Hardwoods have a very nice sound.
Hardwoods have dormant buds along their entire length that can become active and sprout.
Hardwoods have less creosote build-up than softwoods.
Hardwoods have thin bark that is easily damaged by fire.
Hardwoods have tracheids, vessels, fibers, ray tracheids, and xylem parenchyma.
Hardwoods line six of the fairways giving an impression of some southern courses.
Hardwoods make better firewood than do soft woods.
Hardwoods make up the great bulk of harvested timber.
Hardwoods normally have broad leaves and come from deciduous or broad-leafed evergreen trees .
Hardwoods normally have broad leaves and come from deciduous or broad-leafed evergreen trees.
Hardwoods populate the rich bottom lands of the valleys, and pines predominate on poorer lands.
Hardwoods possess 'vessels or 'pores' in their ring structure to carry sap up the trunk.
Hardwoods predominate the regenerative species.
Hardwoods produce less smoke and thus a lighter gray color.
Hardwoods provide a longer lasting fire and are best used after preheating the chimney.
Hardwoods require more work during and after planting.
Hardwoods rob the stand of sawtimber volume, which is often the most valuable product in the stand.
Hardwoods take longer to dry than softwoods.
Hardwoods vary in their active growth cycle, which generally equals the amount of time they die.
Hardwoods usually have vascular tracheids as well as vessels and fibres.
All hardwood balls, dowel, and disks.
Many hardwoods are prone to checking or are very low in strength.
Most hardwoods are in peak color right now.
Most hardwoods produce dramatic leaf coloration if climatic conditions are favorable.
Most hardwoods sprout profusely from roots and stems when the tree is cut or placed under stress.
Hardy annuals are a joy to behold.
Hardy annuals can be direct-seeded in early spring.
Hardy annuals can tolerate light frost without injury.
Hardy annuals withstand light frost.
Many hardy annuals require long, cold, dark periods in which to germinate.
Hardy asters are easy to grow in the shade or full sun.
Hardy azaleas can bring more to the landscape besides luscious blooms in the spring.
Hardy birds are healthy ones .
Hardy bonsai do best if grown outside as long as possible.
Hardy bulbs deserve more use in Midwest gardens.
Hardy bulbs provide some of the earliest bloom in spring gardens.
Some hardy bulbs require care.
Some hardy bulbs take care.
Hardy climbers reach the summit.
Hardy country breakfasts.
Hardy County is home to one of the largest white tail deer populations in West Virginia.
Hardy County is part of the Eastern West Virginia Rural Health Education Consortium.
Hardy desert plants need water.
Hardy duck is a high quality original piece.
Hardy equipment is top notch.
Hardy ferns are a special group of shade plants that deserve to be grown more widely.
Hardy ferns grow beautifully, usually in shady areas.
Hardy flowers plant in containers.
Most hardy flowers plant in containers.
Hardy geraniums are some of the best ground cover plants for smaller gardens.
Hardy geraniums have tiny built-in catalpults that literally throw seed when it is ripe.
Hardy gladiolas have narrower leaves than hybrid gladiolas.
Hardy herbs have odor.
Most hardy herbs have odor.
Hardy hibiscus are available at many local nurseries.
Hardy individuals display generally a positive outlook.
Hardy insects live in climates.
Hardy insects live in cold climates.
Most hardy insects live in climates.
Most hardy insects live in cold climates.
Hardy kiwi are the size of large grapes and are usually flopped in the mouth like almonds.
Hardy kiwi is an excellent fit for backyard growing.
Hardy kiwis are long-lived.
Hardy lilies are able to withstand most conditions and are the most common.
Hardy lilies are particularly popular because of their spectacular blooms.
Hardy lilies are perennials and frost tolerant.
Hardy lilies are the easiest to keep and offer a vast selection to choose from.
Hardy lilies are very popular because of their spectacular blooms.
Hardy lilies can overwinter in the pond in cold climates.
Hardy Lilies can remain in the pond year round.
Hardy lilies require very little care.
Some hardy lilies grow in containers.
Hardy mums are the standard bearers of autumnal colors.
Hardy novels are like that.
Hardy palms are another area that is exploding in popularity.
Hardy people are less likely to have a negative response to stressors.
Hardy perennial herbs have odor.
Hardy perennials are available for sale.
Hardy perennials are the exception rather than the rule.
Hardy perennials can live through the winter without protection.
All hardy perennials can survive frost.
Hardy plants are easy to grow.
Hardy plants are vigorous once established, upright and nearly spine-free.
Hardy plants grow in environments.
Hardy plants grow in marine environments.
Hardy plants grow in moist places.
Hardy plants grow in places.
Hardy plants need water.
Hardy plants require care.
Hardy plants survive and produce offspring which pass on the genetic hardiness.
Hardy plants survive climates.
Hardy plants survive cold climates.
Hardy plants survive conditions.
Hardy plants survive freeze conditions.
Most hardy plants grow in environments.
Most hardy plants grow in marine environments.
Most hardy plants grow in moist places.
Most hardy plants grow in places.
Most hardy plants require care.
Most hardy plants survive climates.
Most hardy plants survive cold climates.
Most hardy plants survive conditions.
Most hardy plants survive freeze conditions.
Some hardy plants tolerate drought.
Hardy primroses have a long flowering season and are also easy to grow.
Hardy products cover the full range of customer applications and requirements.
Many hardy roses are as easy to grow as spirea and privet.
Hardy shrubs cling to the high coastal bluffs, while tule reeds edge the bayshore.
Hardy souls can swim in the loch which, like the surrounding area, is kept mild by the Gulf Stream.
Hardy souls venture to the frozen land for science, leisure or to set a record.
Some hardy souls enjoy hiking the trail in one day.
Hardy tree does well in almost any soil, including compacted, infertile and dry soils.
Hardy trees are our specialty.
Hardy trees bear fruit.
Hardy trees bear stone fruit.
Most hardy trees bear fruit.
Most hardy trees bear stone fruit.
Hardy types can start their day with a sunrise hike up Cowles Mountain .
Hardy vines are very productive and vigorous.
Hardies are a group of tools used to cut, swage, fuller, flatten, or shape bar stock.
Hardy ends the poem by stating the two have met.
Hare coursing is similarly cruel.
Hare Hares have very long hind legs and long ears.
Hare rabbits have feet.
Most hare rabbits have feet.
Hare wallabies are named for their size and their hare-like behavior.
Hare wallabies are named for their size and their hare-like behaviour.
A hare is a mammal
Hare admits the D.C. experience was a heady one.
Hare also plans to have students try their hands at writing poetry about the Red Planet.
Hare are elusive but the Irula is a patient man.
Hare are some examples of links between theories and our design metaphors.
Hare are some good patterns and a general intro to the art of tying a muddler.
Hare are the pros and cons of each.
Hare contains wood.
Hare discusses the inability of such programs to change the behavior psychopaths.
Hare enters on a thin plank bridge to a stage built over an abyss.
Hare is a noun, which refers to a type of rabbit.
Hare is a polymorphic, stealth, multi-partite virus.
Hare is a teacher at the school.
Hare is a tricky monster.
Hare is acutely conscious of the problems involved in the politics of representation.
Hare is popular throughout America and Europe and is often domestically bred.
Hare is punished.
Hare is scarce and wild boar have retreated deep into the jungle.
Hare is skeptical.
Hare is the vocative form of that name.
Hare isa mammal.
Hare lazes around.
Hare lives and works in the Hudson Valley.
Hare run that way, to stream.
Hare s ear or sub.
Hare says that lease agreements protect tenants.
Hare says there are three stages of adaptation.
Hare seems here to have entered rather unexpected territory.
Hare shows the emotional irrationality of the discussion, on both sides.
Hare sneaks water.
Hare stay hidden in the snow in winter.
Hare touches on life, love and money for most of the play.
Hare tricks Elephant.
Hare works in a variety of mediums, usually oil and encaustic paint.
Hare writes well, and there are quite a few nice scenes and theatrical anecdotes.
Hares adapt their diet according to vegetation in each season.
Hares also live in swamps where cedar, spruce or tamarack grow.
Hares are a golden-brown colour, with a pale belly and a white tail.
Hares are active primarily at night.
Hares are also generally larger than rabbits with longer ears and have black markings in their fur.
Hares are also larger, have longer ears, and are less social than rabbits.
Hares are also precocial, meaning they are born with hair and with their eyes open.
Hares are an important link in the food chain between plants and carnivorous animals.
Hares are animals which look like rabbits, but are larger and in many countries quite rare.
Hares are animals.
Hares are bigger than rabbits.
Hares are born above ground, their eyes open, and fully furred.
Hares are classified into the same family as rabbits .
Hares are considerate, understanding, warm, friendly, and easy to be with.
Hares are generally larger and faster than rabbits.
Hares are generally larger than rabbits and usually have black ear tips.
Hares are generally larger than rabbits, with longer ears, and black markings on their fur.
Hares are generally larger then rabbits.
Hares are generally larger, and have longer hind legs and longer ears than rabbits.
Hares are herbivores, eating grass and other plants.
Hares are keenly perceptive and can sense danger in any situation.
Hares are larger and have black ear tips.
Hares are larger than rabbits with longer ears and tall hind legs.
Hares are larger than rabbits, and they typically have taller hind legs and longer ears.
Hares are lucky in money matters and great at finding a bargain.
Hares are mammals.
Hares are more likely to go under a fence than over it.
Hares are most active at dusk and dawn.
Hares are much larger, with longer, black-tipped ears and more powerful hind legs.
Hares are near kin to rabbits and are similarly common around the planet.
Hares are numerous and are an exciting challenge for dogs and hunters.
Hares are numerous and provide some exciting hunting with good running dogs.
Hares are primarily nocturnal and spend a third of their time foraging .
Hares are rabbits cousin who have shorter ears and longer hind legs.
Hares are strict vegetarians, eating a great variety of herbs and shrubs.
Hares are strictly vegetarian.
Hares are the diplomats and the peace makers.
Hares are the main food source of lynx.
Hares are the most frequent prey, guanacos are their second most favorite food.
Hares are usually immensely abundant.
Hares are very fast-running animals .
Hares are very fast-running animals.
Hares belie their meek, silent appearance.
Hares believe in themselves and are at peace within.
Hares can become prosperous painters, musicians, or designers.
Hares can molt to white in winter.
Hares can swim better than rabbits, build deeper burrows in general, and leap greater distances.
Hares change behavior.
Hares communicate with each other by a variety of visual signals.
Hares consume grass.
Hares consume twigs.
Hares destroy vegetation.
Hares dig holes.
Hares dig their forms using their front feet.
Hares eat clover.
Hares eat grass.
Hares eat grasses, sedges, willows and other plants.
Hares eat leaves.
Hares eat plants.
Hares eat twigs.
Hares eat vegetation.
Hares eat weeds.
Hares engage in activities.
Hares engage in metabolic activities.
Hares engage in normal activities.
Hares engage in normal metabolic activities.
Hares favor the protection of rocky hillsides.
Hares feed on plants.
Hares feed on woody plants.
Hares generally are larger than rabbits, and have longer ears and hind legs.
Hares get food.
Hares has-part eyes.
Hares has-part feet.
Hares has-part incisors.
Hares has-part legs.
Hares has-part tails.
Hares have (part) brains.
Hares have (part) breasts.
Hares have (part) cell membranes.
Hares have (part) cells.
Hares have (part) chest cavities.
Hares have (part) chests.
Hares have (part) corpi.
Hares have (part) cytoplasm.
Hares have (part) ears.
Hares have (part) faces.
Hares have (part) heads.
Hares have (part) nuclei.
Hares have (part) pedal extremities.
Hares have (part) piluses.
Hares have (part) plasma membranes.
Hares have (part) rib cages.
Hares have (part) sections.
Hares have (part) skulls.
Hares have (part) sterna.
Hares have (part) vacuoles.
Hares have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hares have a fast reproductive rate.
Hares have babies.
Hares have black markings on their fur .
Hares have bright white coats.
Hares have claws.
Hares have coats.
Hares have color.
Hares have eyes.
Hares have eyesights.
Hares have feelings.
Hares have feet.
Hares have fur.
Hares have furry feet.
Hares have good eyesights.
Hares have growth.
Hares have heads.
Hares have large, long ears, long legs, and a larger body size than rabbits.
Hares have legs.
Hares have life.
Hares have long claws.
Hares have longer ears and larger feet than rabbits.
Hares have many natural enemies.
Hares have no time to read.
Hares have very long and strong hind legs, more so than rabbits.
Hares have very long hind legs and long ears.
Hares have white coats.
Hares have white fur.
Hares hide among plants and usually try to escape enemies by running.
Hares hold their young seven to ten days longer.
Hares increase until the winter's browse is eaten bare.
Hares inhabit regions.
Hares like to be in the open where they can run from danger.
Hares like to take dust baths.
Hares live all over Canada.
Hares live in a form.
Hares live in forests.
Hares live in forests.
Hares live in open areas and rely on running in a zigzag pattern to escape their predators.
Hares live most of the time by themselves.
Hares make holes.
Hares make nests.
Hares occupy regions.
Hares pays much attention to their appearances and manners.
Hares possess fur.
Hares possess skulls.
Hares prefer habitats.
Hares prefer prairie regions.
Hares prefer regions.
Hares prefer unimproved land, which has become less abundant with modern farming practices.
Hares prefer vegetation.
Hares primarily live in open fields with scattered brush for shelter.
Hares raise tails.
Hares reach full maturity.
Hares reach full sexual maturity.
Hares reach maturity.
Hares reach sexual maturity.
Hares rely on running fast to put distance between themselves and danger.
Hares rely on running rather than burrowing for protection.
Hares shift their Sex.
Hares sit on legs.
Hares stand in clover.
Hares strives to create a harmonious work and social environment where they are comfortable.
Hares symbolize long life, as do cranes and turtles.
Hares take great pride in setting out unique and challenging trails.
Hares tend to run left handed.
Hares thus offer good illustrations with hair and with the eyes open.
Hares often change color while rabbits stay the same no matter the season.
Hares sometimes shelter in caves or rock crevices.
Hares usually use surface depressions, called forms, as resting sites.
Many hares turn white in the winter.
Most hares are larger than rabbits and usually have black ear tips.
Most hares change behavior.
Most hares destroy vegetation.
Most hares dig holes.
Most hares eat clover.
Most hares eat grass.
Most hares eat leaves.
Most hares eat plants.
Most hares eat twigs.
Most hares eat vegetation.
Most hares eat weeds.
Most hares engage in activities.
Most hares engage in metabolic activities.
Most hares engage in normal activities.
Most hares engage in normal metabolic activities.
Most hares escape.
Most hares feed on plants.
Most hares feed on woody plants.
Most hares get food.
Most hares has-part eyes.
Most hares has-part feet.
Most hares has-part incisors.
Most hares has-part legs.
Most hares has-part tails.
Most hares have babies.
Most hares have bright white coats.
Most hares have claws.
Most hares have coats.
Most hares have color.
Most hares have eyes.
Most hares have eyesights.
Most hares have feelings.
Most hares have feet.
Most hares have fur.
Most hares have furry feet.
Most hares have good eyesights.
Most hares have growth.
Most hares have heads.
Most hares have legs.
Most hares have life.
Most hares have long claws.
Most hares have white coats.
Most hares have white fur.
Most hares inhabit regions.
Most hares live for about a year in the wild .
Most hares live for about a year in the wild.
Most hares live in forests.
Most hares make holes.
Most hares make nests.
Most hares possess fur.
Most hares prefer prairie regions.
Most hares raise tails.
Most hares reach full maturity.
Most hares reach full sexual maturity.
Most hares reach maturity.
Most hares reach sexual maturity.
Most hares sit on legs.
Most hares stand in clover.
Some hares are distinguished from rabbits.
Some hares are solitary, while others live in groups.
Some hares cause damage.
Some hares cause extensive damage.
Some hares eat animals.
Some hares eat arctic willows.
Some hares eat bushes.
Some hares eat moss.
Some hares eat small animals.
Some hares eat willows.
Some hares feed on bark.
Some hares follow tracks.
Some hares freeze in tracks.
Some hares graze in neighborhoods.
Some hares have ears.
Some hares have population trends.
Some hares have rabbit ears.
Some hares have ranges.
Some hares have stable population trends.
Some hares have stable trends.
Some hares have trends.
Some hares have years.
Some hares hear animals.
Some hares hear bobcats.
Some hares hear hounds.
Some hares hear lynxes.
Some hares hide in bushes.
Some hares live in bushes.
Some hares live in hills.
Some hares live in societies.
Some hares live in warrens.
Some hares look for food.
Some hares possess babies.
Some hares produce many offspring.
Some hares produce offspring.
Some hares provide food.
Some hares provide fur.
Some hares require care.
Some hares show interest.
Some hares show patterns.
Some hares show same patterns.
Some hares stand on legs.
Some hares survive cold conditions.
Some hares survive conditions.
Some hares swim across narrow streams.
Some hares swim across streams.
Some hares use energy.
A harebell is a bulbous plant
Harebells share the site.
Harecastle tunnel is an eerie place with reddy brown water at one end and clear at the other.
Most haredi men marry women with career prospects as bleak as their own.
Haredi parents spend both more quality and quantity time with their children.
A harem is a quarters
Harems appearently begin to form in groups of immigrating subadults during the year before breeding.
Harems are common among wrasses, angelfishes, parrotfishes, damselfishes, basses and gobies.
Harems are common in many mammalian species, including humans.
Harems are groups of females that come together and are controlled and mated by one male.
Harems are local organizations.
Harems break up when the rut ends.
Haribo candy is imported from Europe.
A haricot is a green bean
Haricots are green beans.
Haricots is a high quality restaurant with a difference.
Haricots verts means green beans.
Haricots verts, the super-slim French green beans, are okay with many, too.
Haridasas compositions are so emotional that any one can moved to tears.
Harirs camera is unobtrusive, meant to highlight the acting.
Harken blocks are the first choice of sailors worldwide.
Harken executives say the company s practices are proper.
Harkonnen units await orders out on the sand with reinforcements arriving soon.
Harkonnen units remove whatever opposition there was in a small desert community.
Harlequin bugs are black with bright red yellow or orange markings.
Harlequin bugs are brightly colored orange and black bugs with some white spots.
Harlequin bugs are larger, oval-shaped, and brightly colored.
Harlequin ducks are very site specific.
Harlequin ducks fly west from their nesting grounds in the Rockies to the Pacific.
A harlequin is a clown
Harlequin also includes specially designed playing cards and dice.
Harlequin also supports a PCI card screening accelerator for higher performance.
Harlequin begins a new life altogether different to one fate had in mind.
Harlequin complains to the Doctor regarding the problems of rearing a child.
Harlequin has offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia.
Harlequin immediately discovers that they are women.
Harlequin is masked character.
Harlequin shrimp An incredible find on a shallow dive.
Harlequins are clowns.
Harlequins are great schoolers, always active and are made to order for a planted tank.
Harlequins are jesters.
Harlequins are large, long established and successful orienteering club.
Harlequins breed on turbulent, upland rivers and streams and winter along rugged coastlines.
Harlequins look like innocent clowns, but are often the sinister pranksters of nightmares.
Harlequins nest high in the shady river canyons, within the sound of the roar of white cascades.
Harlequins pair on wintering grounds, then fly north together.
Harlequins search the ocean bottom and among seaweed for crabs, snails and fish roe.
A harlot is a woman
Harlots are located in street corners.
Harlots taking injurious medicines are to be subjected to penance for ten years.
Harlots walk the streets.
All harlots receive gifts.
Harm minimisation works through advice on safer drug and needle use, and needle exchange.
Harm reduction can be complementary to the abstinence model of addictions treatment.
Harm reduction can include abstinence.
Harm reduction is a model that was born from the drug situation and the people involved themselves.
Harm reduction is a preventive goal.
Harm reduction is a way of working with people suffering from substance use.
Harm reduction is about giving people the tools to save themselves.
Harm reduction is about making dangerous behaviours less dangerous.
Harm reduction is clearly the most hot-button of the proposals being considered.
Harm reduction is effective, inexpensive and, above all, it is humane.
Harm reduction is focused on public health.
Harm reduction is more holistic than risk reduction.
Harm reduction is neutral regarding the long-term goals of intervention.
Harm reduction is sometimes a step towards abstinence.
Harm reduction is the guiding principle of the center.
Harm reduction looks at social policy, at the individual in the social realm.
Harm reduction means making less harmful options available.
Harm reduction means nothing.
Harm reduction means reducing the harm to police, too.
Harm reduction views people as responsible for their own choices.
Harm can be common, mild, and reversible.
Harm can extend to patients, co-workers, and of course, the individuals themselves.
Harm can include earlier death but also seriously increased suffering.
Harm can occur even if records show that the information is unproven or inaccurate.
Harm caused by sulphur dioxide is first noticeable on the leaves of the plants.
Harm gives way to good.
Harm has a correct conformation and is very noble.
Harm has extreme difficulty with speech and speaks very little.
Harm has to be in evidence, and there is absolutely none.
Harm includes both emotional and physical harm with the main form of harm being pain.
Harm includes habitat modification.
Harm is a health problem
Harm is a highly noble horse and moves with grace and elegance through the arena.
Harm is about legal liability and it is about ethical responsibility.
Harm is also from the perception of the consumer.
Harm is an act that either kills or injures a listed species.
Harm is caused on the day of purchase.
Harm is defined broadly here to include emotional and verbal harm as well as physical harm.
Harm is done when an enemy is robbed of life, property, or liberty without just cause.
Harm is harm no matter what the reason.
Harm is literally evil.
Harm is minimised.
Harm is presumed from the suppression of competition.
Harm is prevented by one of two means.
Harm is truly a distinguished scholar and world renowned geographer.
Harm means emotional and physical.
Harm produces a big gun and faces down the villains.
Harm seek, harm find.
Harm varies with the extent of exposure and disappears entirely below certain threshold doses.
Harms also reminds that brushes wear out.
Harms has experience representing teachers as well.
Harms related to recreational use include the risks taken when intoxicated.
Any harm done on the dugong is now punishable by law.
More harm can come from getting excited than from the virus.
More harm is done by insufficient knowledge than by the search for more of it.
More harm is done by over fertilizing than by under fertilizing.
More harm is done by putting in too many un-understood options than by putting in too few.
Much harm comes from reading or viewing pornography.
Harmful algae are microscopic, single-celled plants that live in the sea.
Harmful algae are microscopic,single-celled plants that live in the sea.
Some harmful algae can exist in sediment in a dormant form called a cyst.
Some harmful alteration regulates production.
Harmful bacteria are practically non-existent in fresh, uncut meat.
Harmful bacteria are present in foods which are served raw.
Harmful bacteria can contaminate food at any point between the farm and the dinner plate.
Harmful bacteria can grow even in the refrigerator.
Harmful bacteria can grow in such an environment.
Harmful bacteria can multiply in the stuffing and cause foodborne illness.
Harmful bacteria can quickly overwhelm the good strains.
Harmful bacteria can spread quickly in the kitchen and cause foodborne illness.
Harmful bacteria can then infect the cuts.
Harmful bacteria grow in food.
Harmful bacteria is killed with proper cooking and handling.
Harmful bacteria is more likely to grow in the stuffing if it sits in the bird after cooking.
Harmful bacteria multiply quickly in kitchen towels, sponges and cloths.
Harmful bacteria produce by-products like ammonia, purines and ethionine, which can cause cancer.
Harmful bacteria proliferate in an unhealthy body.
Most harmful bacteria cause infection.
Most harmful bacteria cause intestinal infection.
Most harmful bacteria grow in water.
Some harmful bacteria are also immune to some antibiotics.
Some harmful bacteria grow on membranes.
Some harmful bacteria grow on outer membranes.
Harmful bacteria cause infection.
Harmful bacteria cause intestinal infection.
Harmful bacteria grow in water.
Harmful bacteria to cause diseases.
Harmful chemicals appear regularly in our tap water.
Harmful chemicals are in stormwater running off roads, parking lots, houses, and lawns.
Harmful chemicals can be in new carpets and in furniture made of particle board.
Harmful chemicals leach out and poison wildlife.
Some harmful chemicals kill animals.
Some harmful chemicals kill other animals.
Harmful dioxins are a byproduct of the papermaking process.
Many harmful drugs contain ingredients with undesirable side effects.
Harmful effects are especially noticeable in young children and fetuses.
Some harmful emissions cause acid rain.
Some harmful emissions cause rain.
Harmful energy is believed to cause blockages in the patient's normal energy flow.
Harmful energy is removed and replaced with a positive energy.
Harmful error is a case-killer.
Harmful exposure leads to health problems.
Harmful exposure leads to problems.
Most harmful exposure leads to health problems.
Most harmful exposure leads to problems.
Harmful floods are rare, however, areas within most states are subject to local heavy rains.
Harmful garden pests carry diseases.
Harmful germ causes infection.
Harmful germs attack the teeth and gums when plaque builds up.
Most harmful germ causes infection.
Some harmful germ causes disease outbreaks.
Some harmful germ causes outbreaks.
Some harmful germ causes serious disease outbreaks.
Some harmful germ causes serious outbreaks.
Harmful insects spread diseases.
Most harmful insects spread diseases.
Harmful Intent is an extremely complex and detailed book.
Harmful knowledge is just as readily shared as good news.
Harmful lies are the product of fear, malice and envy.
Harmful materials are detoxified and removed from the blood in the liver.
Harmful microbes are called pathogens.
Harmful microbes are the minority.
Harmful mutation leads to some unspecified diseases, aids, become gaint or dwarf or become ugly.
Harmful mutations are more common than beneficial ones.
Harmful mutations are very rare events and sometimes just happen spontaneously.
Harmful mutations cause dysfunction and disease in host organisms.
Harmful mutations happen constantly.
Some harmful mutation causes disorder.
Some harmful mutation causes genetic disorder.
Harmful necromancy is cast at one level lower.
Harmful nitrite is decomposed.
More harmful nitrogen reaches Tampa Bay in stormwater runoff than through any other mechanism.
Harmful noise means sound capable of producing occupational deafness.
Harmful organisms can get onto the seeds after they leave the field, too.
Harmful organisms can live in the soil.
Harmful organisms thrive in the warmth and moisture present in restrooms and shower rooms.
Harmful outcomes seem to be rare.
Harmful parasites cause diseases.
Most harmful parasites cause diseases.
Harmful particles are removed from the air and weighted down so they are on the ground.
Harmful pests carry diseases.
Most harmful pests carry diseases.
Some harmful pests do damage.
Some harmful pollutants can build up through the food chain and get into people.
Harmful radiation causes cancer.
Harmful radiation causes skin cancer.
Most harmful radiation causes cancer.
Most harmful radiation causes skin cancer.
Harmful rays pass through clouds.
Harmful rays penetrate overcast skies.
Some harmful rays affect plants.
Some harmful rays cause death.
Some harmful rays reach earth.
Some harmful rays reach surfaces.
Harmful rumors can spread through the gossipping .
Harmful species can move in either direction.
Some harmful spiders do damage.
Harmful substances are well out of reach or in a locked cabinet.
Harmful substances come in contact.
Most harmful substances come in contact.
Some harmful substances accumulate in intestines.
Some harmful substances produce chemicals.
Harmful toxins cause distress.
Some harmful toxins affect humans.
Harmful ultraviolet radiation causes cancer.
Harmful ultraviolet radiation causes skin cancer.
Harmful use implies alcohol use that causes either physical or mental damage.
Harmful words evoke tears in the receiver's eyes.
Harmless animals weigh pounds.
Most harmless animals weigh pounds.
Harmless bacteria have a tenderizing effect and fat makes it more flavorful.
Harmless fools are stupid, and most of the damage they do is to themselves.
Harmless fun follows.
Some harmless insects have reputations.
Harmless mischief abounds among the young monks.
Harmless snakes have pupils.
Harmless snakes have round pupils.
Harmless snakes have venom.
Harmless snakes lack the sensory pit and fangs.
Most harmless snakes have pupils.
Most harmless snakes have venom.
Some harmless snakes eat other snakes, including poisonous ones.
Some harmless snakes eat snakes.
Some harmless snakes have chances.
Harmless sumacs have red, upright berry clusters.
Harmless words reflect harmless thoughts, which, in turn, reflect harmless motives.
Harmonian education starts from practice, leading then to theory.
A harmonic analysis is an analysis
Harmonic analysis is integrated with written exercises.
Harmonic analysis is introduced.
Harmonic analysis is used to characterize such circadian patterns.
Harmonic analysis is used, i.e., constructing a least squares fit to waveforms of known frequency.
Harmonic analysises are part of mathematical analysises.
Harmonic cancellation is explained along with a tool for understanding and predicting the results.
Any harmonic combination is possible.
Every harmonic connection is permissible.
Harmonic content is another consideration when choosing an instrument.
Harmonic currents cause more than just flickering lights, however.
Harmonic distortion consists of all the integer numbered frequencies of the fundamental.
Harmonic distortion drops to a quarter of the value found in audiophile direct radiator systems.
Harmonic Distortion is a pair of pendular mannequin heads.
Harmonic distortion is a specific type of current and voltage contamination.
Harmonic distortion is caused by nonlinearities within the device.
Some harmonic distortion can contribute a richness, warmth, or sweetness when conditions are right.
Harmonic enhancement brings back lost frequencies.
Harmonic factor can be stylistic.
Harmonic functions are groupings from a harmonic variety with extreme properties.
Harmonic ideas change drastically as well.
Harmonic interference is the reception of a signal whose frequency is within the desired channel.
All harmonic knots are tame.
Harmonic maps are critical points of the energy functional in between manifolds.
Harmonic maps are very important both in classical and modern differential geometry.
Harmonic models assume that the molecule exhibit oscillations around one energy minimum.
Harmonic motion is characterized by symmetric movement about the equilibrium position.
Harmonic motion is movement
Harmonic motion means that the spring is bouncing up and down.
Harmonic option allows an analysis of the occurrence of standing waves.
Harmonic oscillations tend to die away as time goes on.
Harmonic oscillator is a model for molecular vibrations and rigid rotator is for molecular rotation.
Harmonic oscillators go forever.
Harmonic overtones tend to blend well whilst inharmonic overtones give an edge to the tone.
Harmonic positions vary with freted notes.
Harmonic programming is used based on string theory.
Harmonic progression is progression
Harmonic progressions are similar in some ways as well.
Harmonic rejection is controlled by a mirror placed between the monochromator and sample.
Harmonic relationships are relationships which are positive, encouraging, nurturing, and productive.
Harmonic rhythm is slow and subordinate to the melody.
Harmonic rhythm is the frequency of harmonic change in a composition.
Harmonic scalpel is cost-effective relative to using staple devices.
Harmonic sequences are the basis for the human voice and most musical instruments.
Harmonic sound is so completely full of many many frequencies, similar to full spectrum light.
Harmonic system is a relation on a set of tones.
Harmonic systems are exceptional and well behaved.
Harmonic transcription is introduced.
Harmonic tremor occurs when there is sustained movement of magma below the surface.
Harmonic vibration is a major source.
Harmonic vibration occurs when the seal is vibrating in harmony with another piece of equipment.
Harmonic vocabulary includes functional use of diatonic triads in major and minor.
Harmonic vocabulary includes nonharmonic tones, seventh chords, modulation and altered chords.
Harmonic vocabulary includes non-harmonic tones, seventh chords, modulation and altered chords.
Harmonic vocabulary is mixed.
Harmonic is a tone
Harmonic is acoustics.
Harmonic is timbre.
Harmonic is tones.
Harmonics also can travel up to the feeder power system supplying the drives.
Harmonics also depend on the shape of the wave itself.
Harmonics are a mathematical model of the real world.
Harmonics are a mathematical way of describing distortion to a voltage or current 's waveform .
Harmonics are a mathematical way of describing distortion to a voltage or current's waveform.
Harmonics are an ancient tools for personal development.
Harmonics are basically the subdivisions of a string.
Harmonics are different colorations or moods of energy, some easy-going, others more difficult.
Harmonics are multiples of the transmitter frequency.
Harmonics are natural vibrations of the strings that produce a certain pitch.
Harmonics are perfect pitches above an equal temperament fingerboard.
Harmonics are possible over much of the neck.
Harmonics are rich and fairly balanced but the high end can get a bit bright.
Harmonics are rich and pure, neither enhanced or restrained.
Harmonics are the amount of distortion or variation that occurs in a pure or perfect waveform.
Harmonics are the ongoing resonance of the beginningless beginning.
Harmonics are there, but in unexpected places.
Harmonics are what make up the quality of a voice.
Harmonics can also enter a facility in from outside, a neighboring facility, for example.
Harmonics can cause protective devices to malfunction.
Harmonics Consider again the waves produced by the bass clarinet and the flute.
Harmonics contribute to the ear's perception of the quality, or timbre, of a sound.
Harmonics control the small lines.
Harmonics distort the normal sine wave.
Harmonics experience an asset.
Harmonics occur at integer multiples of the sound's fundamental frequency.
Harmonics occur when electrical cur rent becomes distorted into higher frequencies.
All harmonics are overtones for an open air column or a string .
A harmonica is wind
Harmonica is the most played instrument in the world.
Harmonica makes music.
Harmonica needs, news, performers, and links.
Harmonica plays music.
Harmonica publications A comprehensive list of harmonica publications.
Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play .
Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play.
Harmonicas are instruments.
Harmonicas are located in hands.
Harmonicas are located in mouths.
Harmonicas are located in music stores.
Harmonicas are located in pockets.
Harmonicas are located in rock bands.
Harmonicas are musical instruments.
Harmonicas are played by blowing or sucking air into one side .
Harmonicas are played by blowing or sucking air into one side.
Harmonicas are reeds.
Harmonicas are used for entertainment.
Harmonicas are used for humor.
Harmonicas are used for relaxation.
Harmonicas are used in blues music , folk music , rock and roll music , and pop music .
Harmonicas are used in blues music, folk music, rock and roll music, and pop music.
Harmonicas are wind instruments.
Harmonicas join in later to add to the bluegrass feel of the piece.
Harmonicas produce their musical sounds from the vibrations of reeds in the harmonica's metal case.
Harmonious aspects can help matters along.
Harmonious aspects prevail today.
Harmonious colors are next to each other on the color wheel.
Harmonious colors have a common element.
Harmonious colors tend to be either yellowish or bluish.
Harmonious delight is auspicious.
Harmonious families are the result of happy, connected partners.
Harmonious flight requires equal development of both wings.
Harmonious integration is a kind of transcendence.
Harmonious policy comes from government in harmony with human incentives.
Harmonious transits can bring new opportunities, money, love and increased vitality.
Harmonisation of laws is necessary to avoid a legal jungle on the Net.
Harmonisation is another excuse.
Harmonisation is musical performance
Harmonisation is necessary to overcome possible barriers.
Harmonisation is predictability.
Harmonisation is vocal music
A harmonium is wind
Harmonium is a non-profit corporation in the state of New Jersey.
Harmonization of laws is important if an environment of true competition is to be achieved.
Harmonization of laws is necessary to avoid a legal jungle on the Net.
Harmonization can make the best use of limited data, such as in conducting cross-country studies.
Harmonization consists of classifications and legend of the document produced.
Harmonization is a good long-term goal for subsequent releases of the standard.
Harmonization is a slow process.
Harmonization is a technical term derived from trade law.
Harmonization is achieved through technical assistance and advisory services to countries.
Harmonization is achieved through the liaison mechanism and close cooperation.
Harmonization is actually an easy concept.
Harmonization is also desirable for quality assurance of measuring and monitoring systems.
Harmonization is desirable.
Harmonization is harmony.
Harmonization is much more than an efficiency measure for government and industry.
Harmonization is musical performance
Harmonization is of some practical value, but it has costs, as well.
Harmonization is vital for aircraft certification.
Harmonization is vocal music
Harmonization is, therefore, an issue.
Harmonization sounds so beautiful.
Harmonized codes are an internationally recognized system to categorize product and service types.
Harmonized music is fine as long as the parts are scored fairly close together.
Harmonies are always welcome.
Harmonies are definitely sisters here.
Harmonies are fuller, often more dissonant.
Harmonies are plentiful and restrained.
Harmonies are right on the money.
Harmonies are simultaneous groupings of tones.
Harmonies arise from combinations of minor or major fifth chords.
Harmonies contribute color-combinations and depth of character.
Harmonies po tiques et religieuses, two Ballades and two L gendes.
Harmony acts like a cell re-building agent.
Harmony aids efforts to blend picture parts together to form a whole.
Harmony allows people to live in the world from a deep, inner joy and wisdom.
Harmony also avoids the most common oversight in other migration techniques.
Harmony also leads the ear toward the ultimate goal, the return to tonic.
Harmony arises between vision and action, heart and mind, inner world and outer reality.
Harmony brings about a unity in the body of the musical piece at various points.
Harmony can be atonal.
Harmony can be functional or non-functional .
Harmony comes from devotion.
Harmony comes naturally to the religious temperament.
Harmony contributes to the effect of motion in music.
Harmony contributes to the structural design of music.
Harmony describes and offers course options and auto-enrollment to get things rolling.
Harmony destroys the power of music.
Harmony does conduct the four hour pump test to determine well flow and quantity.
Harmony does display their brochures at some real estate sales offices.
Harmony emerges with each sunrise, Heard in birdsong, and the breathing earth.
Harmony exists due to many other factors.
Harmony exists indifference, no less than in likeness, if only the same key-note govern both parts.
Harmony flows differently.
Harmony follows national accreditation models of outcomes management.
Harmony is a dynamic equilibrium.
Harmony is a dynamic, mission-driven community of faith.
Harmony is a fusion of jazz, neo-classical and romantic.
Harmony is a gay and lesbian choir based in Denver.
Harmony is a hair puller.
Harmony is a human rights organization that focuses on gay and lesbian issues.
Harmony is a large portion of Japanese culture, it infiltrates everything from religion to baseball.
Harmony is a melody.
Harmony is a prototype hypermedia system which is based in object oriented paradigm.
Harmony is a proud sponsor of the Comrades Marathon.
Harmony is a well during the Japanese invasion.
Harmony is a word that springs to mind.
Harmony is accessible to young people regardless of income and previous educational background.
Harmony is agreement.
Harmony is as refreshing as the morning dew.
Harmony is compatibility
Harmony is compatibility.
Harmony is configurable.
Harmony is control of even deeper aspects of the mind, as are understanding and actinic love.
Harmony is divine, as it is a ratio of numbers.
Harmony is essential diatonic, triadic, and tonal.
Harmony is essential, self-imposed, recognized as mandatory.
Harmony is everywhere.
Harmony is functional.
Harmony is more conducive to building relationships and problem solving.
Harmony is more important than size.
Harmony is much more important than unity.
Harmony is music.
Harmony is nice.
Harmony is on the right.
Harmony is order.
Harmony is portable across target microprocessors and microcomputers.
Harmony is present, no matter what the material senses seem to be saying.
Harmony is pure love, for love is complete agreement.
Harmony is ROMable.
Harmony is spherical.
Harmony is tension and release, tension and release.
Harmony is two things moving as one.
Harmony isa quality.
Harmony leaves singers' natural vibrato sounding rich and realistic.
Harmony lives and works in Minneapolis.
Harmony means accepting and learning to live well within limits.
Harmony means notes which are played at the same time , like chords .
Harmony means notes which are played at the same time, like chords.
Harmony means with other people and with nature.
Harmony necessitates consultation and cooperation.
Harmony needs to take into consideration the application.
Harmony never means that everything becomes alike.
Harmony nevertheless has a way of hiding actual gendering practices in working life.
Harmony occurs when two or more sounds are heard simultaneously.
Harmony pours out through the open front door.
Harmony provides a significant leap forward in realism.
Harmony provides greater safety than weapons, walls or security systems.
Harmony ranges from crashing clus-ters to soothingly consonant chorales.
Harmony refers to both spatial harmony and temporal harmony.
Harmony refers to the spirit of being harmonious, to be peaceful.
Harmony requires differences to be joined in pursuit of higher ideals.
Harmony sees placement of all within the greater placement of unity in alignment.
Harmony strives to give the students a sense of personal control over their lives.
Harmony supplies amino acids, minerals, antioxidants, and carbohydrates.
Harmony works .
Harmonies often imply anticipation, reaction, reverberation and other things that affect the pulse.
Harmony often comes about by relationship.
All harmony derives from the major scale.
Some harmony leads to depletion.
HarmonyCentral customers can even search for new potential collaborators online.
Harness horses can run back at any level after a claim.
Harness leather gives longer wear out in the field under turn-out conditions.
Harness races are horse races.
Most harness racers are good people and build a strong bond with their horses over a racing career.
A harness racing is a horse race
Harness racing is a major topic throughout.
Harness racing is a race involving many horses at the same time.
Harness racing is also popular in Kentucky.
Harness racing is an essential component of the fair.
Harness racing is an exciting event for all the family.
Harness racing is one of the most thrilling, action-packed, colourful entertainments.
Harness racing is one of three codes of racing in Australia.
Harness racing is traditionally the smallest event in the Aiken Triple Crown.
Harness system has both hip and shoulder stabilizers.
A harness is support
Harness attatches to waist belt in back, goes over shoulders and then adjusts in front.
Harness lock on.
Harnesses are also available for lifting downer cows.
Harnesses are also available.
Harnesses are available and the litter box can be kept in the trunk.
Harnesses are for pulling.
Harnesses are part of parachutes.
Harnesses are support.
Harnesses attach to an anchor bolt or anchor fitting.
Harnesses can be in leather or in biothane with stainless or chrome .
Harnesses can be in leather or in biothane with stainless or chrome.
Harnesses come in a variety of styles - the simplest has no adjustment and is made to measure.
Harnesses come in many forms.
Harnesses come with labeled connections and instruction sheet.
Harnesses dig deep into the lower body.
Harnesses offer few options.
Harnesses weigh anywhere from two thirds of a pound to a whopping two pounds.
Harnesses work better than collars at keeping panicky pets safe, but crates work best of all.
Harnesses sometimes have loops for attaching a rack.
All harnesses are custom made for the perfect fit.
All harnesses come complete with breeching and chrome hardware and ready to use.
All harnesses use nylon webbing for structure and strength.
Most harness racing horses are pacers.
Most harnesses are adjustable and come with padded belts and loops.
Most harnesses use full-strength buckles to join the waistbelt.
Some harnesses adjust automatically to fit the child.
Some harnesses are made with soft plastic, such as flexible vinyl .
Some harnesses have loops for securing other equipment, like carabiners.
Harnessed horse standing, head up Vehicles.
Harnessings are controllings.
Most harp players play alone most of the time.
Harp seal pups go through life stages.
Harp seal pups go through stages.
All harp seals are confined to the wintery climates of the arctic.
Some harp seals have membranes.
Some harp seals have tracts.
All harp strings are custom made for each individual harp.
A harp is a chordophone
Harp isa device.
Harps are a very unique instruments.
Harps are also available for rent, and can be built from kits.
Harps are big instruments to pack.
Harps are chordophones.
Harps are instruments.
Harps are lagers.
Harps are located in concert halls.
Harps are predatory, feeding mostly on crustaceans such as crabs.
Harps are solids.
Harps are stringed instruments.
Harps are support.
Harps are too difficult to adjust.
Harps are used for angels.
Harps are used for melody.
Harps are used for music.
Harps are used for playing.
Harps are used for relaxation.
Harps are used for tuning.
Harps are visually interesting.
Harps are welcome at both classes.
Harps have (part) bases.
Harps have (part) sections.
Harps have (part) sound holes.
Harps have string.
Harps use open strings exclusively, thus the range of each is determined by the number of strings.
All harps have solid brass bridge pins fitted for accurate string alignment and clear intonation.
Some harps have a great, loud voice and ego, and are easily heard.
Harper County borders the Kansas state line in northwestern Oklahoma.
Harper County is located in Northwestern Oklahoma.
Harper Island is about one-half mile from shore.
A harper is a musician
Harper appears in many books and collections on African American women.
Harper belongs to the community of abused, neglected, housewifes.
Harper can t believe how great summer is, how great life is.
Harper combines good yield potential with excellent resistance to lodging.
Harper comes in the game and gets a big steal.
Harper commits suicide while barricaded in a recreational vehicle surrounded by authorities.
Harper concludes that the U.S. is, in fact, a major source of pesticides found in songbirds.
Harper contends that law firms are incubators for depression.
Harper continues to have concussion-related problems.
Harper describes the importance of both images.
Harper estimates one out of three Red and Blue list species is affected by forestry.
Harper even jokes about the death of that teacher.
Harper explains that listeners can interpret each song themselves.
Harper finds a photograph of a woman's bare breasts in a photo book.
Harper has excellent instructors and it has an excellent language lab.
Harper has extensive broadcast and print journalism credentials.
Harper has no restrictions.
Harper is a conservative and supports cutting government spending and taxes.
Harper is a friendly Kansas town and is located in South Central Kansas.
Harper is a highly skilled draftsman with a crisp, precise touch.
Harper is a hitter.
Harper is a leading authority in the care of the terminally ill.
Harper is a music store manger's anomaly.
Harper is a notable writer, singer and guitarist.
Harper is a story-teller, a performer.
Harper is a young, unaccomplished upper class girl.
Harper is also a strong competitor on vault.
Harper is also fervently active in getting students involved in internships.
Harper is an assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences.
Harper is charged with perjury and conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Harper is charged with perjury and conspiracy.
Harper is charged with perjury.
Harper is committed to excellence and the highest personal service to our customers.
Harper is consummately well-rounded, able to play convincingly in any context, from bop to free.
Harper is different.
Harper is front left.
Harper is gone.
Harper is in front.
Harper is more than a great name from Milwaukee's past.
Harper is now in arbitration with the company.
Harper is originally from Nashville, Tennessee.
Harper is outfitted with a shiny bright yellow vinyl slicker and matching rain hat.
Harper is part blues, part soul, part gospel, part reggae, part rock.
Harper is senior vice president, commercial lending.
Harper is sent out with a team of marines and a civilian weapons expert.
Harper is such a fun main character.
Harper is sweet and petite with big brown eyes.
Harper is the first black woman to hold the post.
Harper is the force behind the school's objective to make students smarter and better.
Harper is the principle.
Harper is the shortened publisher name.
Harper is the tall building in Harper.
Harper is vapid, albeit in a transparently scripted, purely functional role.
Harper learns something of the craft of photography.
Harper likes being trusted to perform, and trusts others in return.
Harper likes to write intelligent songs for kids by writing songs which are melodious and clever.
Harper loves people.
Harper makes sure there's plenty for parents to enjoy here too.
Harper never goes to the post now.
Harper oversees an aviation program launched one year ago.
Harper plans to cut down selected trees on all sides of the spring boxes.
Harper plays primarily the outfield but can also fill in at second base.
Harper proceeds to describe a curious habit which is common among pigeons before copulating.
Harper receives unprecedented support from Australian audiences.
Harper reminds women they often take on too much and end up exhausted and resentful as a result.
Harper sets a small fire in school to get attention.
Harper shows that restoration ecologists can learn a great deal from agriculture and forestry.
Harper speaks of a generation that died out without being able to share their wisdom.
Harper struggles with how the poet can make the transition from music to literature.
Harper takes a taxi to the academy during a thunderstorm.
Harper takes the first look through the telescope which is focused on Jupiter.
Harper tries to display the importance of being a wife as well as a mother.
Harper wants to call the police.
Harper writes a poetry that resonates with passion, power, honesty, and craft.
Harper writes frequently about online news topics.
Harpers are also the conveyers of news as they moved throughout the land.
Harpers ferry to Peters Mountain.
Harpers go underground .
Harpers has an ironic sense of humor.
A harpist is a musician
Harpist plays at weekends.
Harpists are also a favorite of many couples.
Harpists are generally ungrounded people.
Harpists are gorgeous.
Harpists are musicians.
Harpists are usually the last persons to leave the studios.
Harpists are very fond of playing glissandi .
Harpists are very fond of playing glissandi.
Harpists control volume by how hard they pluck the strings, which can be hard on a harpist's hands.
Harpists spend ninety percent of their lives tuning their harps and ten percent playing out of tune.
Harpists frequently have opportunities to play in churches.
Every harpist is a performer, if only for an audience of one.
Most harpists are women and orchestras typically only have one harpist.
A harpoon is a lance
Harpoons are of three kinds.
Harpoons seem to have held on to their value remarkably well.
Harpoons target large females.
A harpsichord is a stringed instrument
Harpsichords are acoustic instruments.
Harpsichords are located in bands.
Harpsichords are located in concert halls.
Harpsichords are located in museums.
Harpsichords are musical instruments.
Harpsichords are string instruments.
Harpsichords are stringed instruments.
Harpsichords are used for music.
Harpsichords differ from each other in the same manner that violins do.
Harpsichords normally have one dedicated jack per string.
Harpsichords require ongoing tuning and maintenance to a much higher degree than many expect.
A harpsichordist is a musician
Most harpsichordists tune their own instruments.
Harpster soils are on similar or slightly lower parts of the landform and are calcareous throughout.
Harpur concert becomes hot musical hit Step back in time.
Harpur students consult with advisers throughout their academic career.
Most Harpur students receiving bachelor of science degrees meet the requirement.
A harpy eagle is an eagle
Harpy eagles are birds.
Harpy eagles are skillful hunters.
Harpy eagles are very large birds.
Harpy eagles have excellent eyesight.
Harpy eagles range from Mexico to northern Argentina and live in forested areas.
A harpy is a person
Harpies are decent prey when monetary rewards are the desired result.
Harpies are eagles.
Harpies are fruit bats.
Harpies are great at saving precious energy.
Harpies bring their laundry to slaughter.
Harpies build massive stick nests in very tall trees.
Harpies can also be gentle, however.
Harpies can poison pieces which can be healed by doctors.
Harpies have one of the longest chick-rearing periods of any bird.
Harpies retain their mystery.
Harried doctors prescribe the wrong doses of the wrong medications.
Harried mothers try to distract their kids from the costume jewelry and grotesque cosmetics.
Harried movers are glad to throw away old materials that have no immediate usefulness.
Harried nurses act to stem staffing woes.
Harried programmers update the code and forget to change the comments.
Harried shoppers stop in their tracks.
A harrier is an attacker
Harriers are a good bet.
Harriers are a versatile scent hound suitable for many working conditions.
Harriers are dogs.
Harriers are hawks.
Harriers are hounds.
Harriers are ideal animals for rural environments.
Harriers are slender, with slightly rounded wings, with long bodies and tails.
Harriers are slim hawks with long wings and long tails.
Harriers are, however, good watch dogs.
Harriers await their next tasking under grey Italian skies.
Harriers can takeoff and land on roads or temporary airfields.
Harriers can takeoff and land on ships.
Harriers crisscross an open sky . . .
Harriers dip and float over the grassland in search of mice.
Harriers dip and float over the grassland in search the ground for earthworms and slugs to eat.
Harriers have an owl-like face.
Harriers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Harriers love humor.
Harriers operate off the flight deck.
Harriers roost here in winter and floricans nest in monsoons.
Harriers take Interregional title Unlike some sports, there is no rain delay in cross country.
Harriers usually nest adjacent to hunting grounds and where nest predation is low.
Many harriers are polygynous.
Some Harriers like to bay.
Harrop formulas allow universal quantifications in the bodies of clauses.
A harrow is a tiller
Harrow appears to be completely bullish on wireless Internet access and computing.
Harrow continues to have a significant land base for conducting field experiments.
Harrow is an independent fee-paying school, of the type known in Britain as 'public schools'.
Harrow is one of the country's top education authorities.
Harrow means altar.
Harrow pastures to break up feces and expose larvae to the elements.
Harrow tells a very compelling story about the rapidly changing face of computing.
Harrow works year 'round - scatter manure, aerate, dethatch, overseed and renovate.
Harrow works year 'round, scatter manure, aerate, dethatch, overseed and renovate.
Harrow writes in a recent journal.
Harrows add considerably, however, to the horizontal distribution of surface mixing.
Harrows are cultivators.
Harrows come in two main types, spring-tooth and disc.
Harrows lead the game of darts.
Every harrowing mission offers several options to successfully accomplish the set forth tasks.
Harrowing stories fill medical, legal files An unborn baby slowly starving for oxygen.
Harry dolls are completely out of the question.
Harry dolls are out of the question.
Harsan soils occur on the same landscape, are deep, and fine-loamy.
Harsh action is countered by harsh reaction But a dagger in a pillow lies closer to the throat.
Harsh chemicals can cause fabric deterioration and color fading.
Harsh cold can kill.
Harsh conditions make the barrens uninhabitable for most plant life.
Harsh desert environments contain plants.
Harsh discipline results from a positive test.
Harsh echoes blow from far.
Harsh environments are a part of military operations.
Harsh environments can damage or totally ruin less protected notebook computers.
Harsh environments contain plants.
Harsh environments contribute to evolution.
Most harsh environments contain plants.
Most harsh environments contribute to evolution.
Harsh glances can be just as negative as harsh words.
Some harsh landscapes become countries.
Harsh laws are necessary to keep peace.
Harsh management lets weeds invade alfalfa stands.
Harsh measures remain in vogue.
Harsh murmurs indicate pathology.
Harsh penalties exist for anyone caught dealing in such acts.
Harsh penalties have a way of dissipating in the world of professional sports.
Harsh pressure does nothing to bring that date sooner.
Harsh punishments cause children's behavior to worsen.
Harsh reality forces some communities to take matters into their own hands.
Harsh reality sets in.
More harsh realities are in sight.
Harsh repression seems the only answer.
Harsh soaps can irritate the skin and make acne worse.
Harsh soaps made to deodorize have the same effect on the body's largest organ.
Harsh soaps strip natural oils from the skin.
Harsh solutions can shorten the life of a pH electrode.
Harsh storms toss the ship.
Harsh surfactants deplete natural fats and lipids in the skin.
Harsh tannins can be unpleasant in combination with aggressive garlic flavor.
Harsh treatment continues for anyone resisting Indonesian rule in West Papua.
Harsh treatments affect health.
Most harsh treatments affect health.
Harsh weather can and often does occur.
Harsh weather can be a major hurdle in New Mexico's spring vegetable gardens.
Harsh weather can occasionally force the cancellation of classes and public events.
Harsh weather coming off the Pacific can become just as big a factor as the difficult course.
Harsh weather is a fact of life in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Some harsh weather kills bison.
Harsh winds blow across the land and the temperatures are below freezing, even in summer.
Harsh winds blow.
Harsh winters melt into magical summers.
Harsh winters provide another distinguishing feature of our place.
Harsh words are apparently another matter.
Harsh words are close to the surface throughout the early part of the week.
Harsh words are likely to cut deeper than usual today.
Harsh words are uttered, tossed away cheaply in a maelstrom of emotions.
Harsh words are uttered.
Harsh words arouse anger.
Harsh words break no bones but they do break hearts .
Harsh words break no bones but they do break hearts.
Harsh words break no bones, but they do break hearts.
Harsh words can hurt, but words used wisely can be refreshing and helpful.
Harsh words fall.
Harsh words wither a person's spirit, gentle words strengthen and build our spirits.
Harshness hurts rear tire traction over bumps, especially during deceleration.
Harshness is ever to be put aside, even in censuring.
Harshness is needed.
Harshness is roughness
Harshness never accomplishes anything, except to make a horse defensive.
Harshness only meets stubbornness.
Some harshness slips through, and the suspension gets very loose in the joints over nasty surfaces.
Hart County is the only County in Georgia to be named for a woman.
Hart Island is a tiny one-mile long patch of land just east of the Bronx in Long Island Sound.
Hart Lake is stocked annually with rainbow trout.
A hart is a deer
Hart believably captures Lennon's accent, gestures, wit and star power.
Hart chairs a session.
Hart estimates that they have a million board feet of inventory in stock.
Hart look on.
Hart looks forward to further developments in the project.
Hart returns with reinforcements to try and defeat the reptiles.
Hart throws first career complete game.
Hart tosses first career complete-game victory.
Hart turns out to be a gravelly voiced belter.
Harts are red deers.
Harts better get ready to smile then.
Hartebeest isa antelope.
Hartebeests are classified in phyla.
Hartebeests defend territory.
Hartebeests feed on grass.
Hartebeests have (part) brains.
Hartebeests have (part) breasts.
Hartebeests have (part) cannon bones.
Hartebeests have (part) cell membranes.
Hartebeests have (part) cells.
Hartebeests have (part) chest cavities.
Hartebeests have (part) chests.
Hartebeests have (part) corpi.
Hartebeests have (part) cytoplasm.
Hartebeests have (part) ears.
Hartebeests have (part) faces.
Hartebeests have (part) heads.
Hartebeests have (part) hip sockets.
Hartebeests have (part) hoofs.
Hartebeests have (part) nuclei.
Hartebeests have (part) piluses.
Hartebeests have (part) plasma membranes.
Hartebeests have (part) rib cages.
Hartebeests have (part) second stomachs.
Hartebeests have (part) sections.
Hartebeests have (part) skulls.
Hartebeests have (part) sterna.
Hartebeests have (part) vacuoles.
Hartebeests have glands.
Hartebeests inhabit dry savanna.
Hartebeests inhabit savanna.
Hartebeests occupy positions.
Hartebeests occupy unique positions.
Hartebeests prefer open woodlands.
Hartebeests prefer woodlands.
Hartebeests produce grunt sound.
Hartebeests produce sound.
Hartmann lines are the Earth's aura.
Hartz logo is apparent throughout.
Harvest Festival is an annual event that celebrates the harvest time.
Harvest festivals continue to play a major role in agricultural communities.
A harvest home is gathering
Harvest home is the end of the hardest work of the year.
A harvest moon is a full moon
Harvest moons are more than just a quaint cultural legacy.
A harvest mouse is a mouse
Harvest mice are common in America and Europe.
Harvest mice are smaller than deer mice and have grooves on the faces of their incisors.
Harvest operations tend to be more dangerous than other farm work.
Harvest season brings our famous pumpkin fudge.
Harvest season comes in about three months after flowering.
Harvest season comes with many stresses.
Harvest season has various high-risk types of operating equipment such as combines and grain augers.
Harvest season is just around the corner.
Harvest season is much more demanding since it is so unpredictable.
Harvest season is the perfect time to plant the seeds for new or improved career options.
Harvest strategies can have consequences.
Harvest strategies can have negative consequences.
Harvest time brings thoughts of cornfields, apple cider, pumpkin patches and scarecrows.
Harvest time can also be a high.
Harvest time depends on many factors, and picking times vary from year to year.
Harvest time depends on the grapes' sugar content.
Harvest time is a judgment call.
Harvest time is a season
Harvest time is a time of extremes.
Harvest time is also the most deadly time in agriculture.
Harvest time is an exciting time at the farm.
Harvest time is based on fruit maturity, which depends on the variety.
Harvest time is definitely the pinnacle of any gardeners' season.
Harvest time is long and continuous.
Harvest time is near.
Harvest time is part of horticulture.
Harvest time is the most glorious time of agriculture.
Harvest time is the time when crops are planted.
Harvest time is very busy for growers.
Harvest time varies by the grape variety and vineyard.
Harvest time varies with individual tastes and locality.
Harvest times call for help.
Harvest times vary from year to year.
Most harvest time is part of horticulture.
Harvest young leaves grow on trees.
Harvest affects habitats.
Harvest allows the operator to change parameters and view results interactively.
Harvest alters abundances.
Harvest alters local prey abundances.
Harvest alters prey abundances.
Harvest associated with road construction is shown as a regeneration harvest.
Harvest begins during the cool early morning hours.
Harvest begins in four to five weeks.
Harvest begins in the autumn.
Harvest can begin when tasting indicates that acceptable flavor has been reached.
Harvest can begin when the grain has reached a suitable moisture level.
Harvest can mean harvesting of the food.
Harvest comes but once a year, while mowing is weekly in the growing season.
Harvest consists of several subsystems.
Harvest continues after starting three to four weeks later than normal.
Harvest continues as weather permits.
Harvest continues in California.
Harvest continues of cole crops.
Harvest continues of greens and peppers.
Harvest continues on early planted potatoes direct sales for boilers.
Harvest continues on green bells.
Harvest continues on new crops with some areas near completion.
Harvest continues on onions, carrots, cabbage and greens.
Harvest continues on onions, carrots, cantaloupes and watermelons.
Harvest continues on peppers, greens and cabbage.
Harvest continues on peppers, greens, cabbage, oranges and grapefruit.
Harvest continues to gain momentum with fair quality and size.
Harvest continues to increase slowly.
Harvest continues to wind down.
Harvest continues with a light volume.
Harvest continues with generally good weather.
Harvest continues with good quality and yield improving.
Harvest continues, especially on later varieties.
Harvest contributes to conservation.
Harvest covers historical developments in Milan through to the present day.
Harvest crops early and eliminate orchard trash.
Harvest cuts off the link to roots, and the plant instantly loses water.
Harvest depends on presence.
Harvest depends on types.
Harvest does everything else.
Harvest ears two to four days after silks appear.
Harvest emphasizes tribal obligations.
Harvest exists to minister to students.
Harvest has (part) business activities.
Harvest has benefits.
Harvest has conservation benefits.
Harvest has impact.
Harvest has indirect benefits.
Harvest has many benefits.
Harvest has many indirect benefits.
Harvest has values.
Harvest includes both sport and commercial fishing.
Harvest includes fancy and some choice grades with good quality and color.
Harvest indexes multiple machines across campus.
Harvest ing is active with a good supply available.
Harvest ing is active with a small volume picked.
Harvest ing remains active.
Harvest is a common metaphor for the final judgement.
Harvest is a hectic, yet an exciting time of year.
Harvest is a lot easier on level, stone-free ground, too.
Harvest is a manufacturing process.
Harvest is a meditation in movement.
Harvest is a season of rejoicing.
Harvest is a special time to visit wine country.
Harvest is a word they use.
Harvest is a yield
Harvest is active but slow getting started.
Harvest is active from green bells and limb fruit picks.
Harvest is active on all picks with mostly good quality.
Harvest is active with average yield and good quality.
Harvest is active with good quality and color.
Harvest is active with good quality and yield.
Harvest is active with good quality available.
Harvest is active with good quality, yields, and packout.
Harvest is active with good volume from most picks.
Harvest is active with good yield and quality.
Harvest is active with new fields coming into production.
Harvest is active with normal yields.
Harvest is active.
Harvest is after the first frost, and the gourds are stored outside on pallets.
Harvest is also very labor intensive.
Harvest is an established family operated business committed to excellence in fine art printing.
Harvest is best in the morning when the tubers are cooler.
Harvest is by hand, with great care taken to avoid bruising because injured fruits release ethylene.
Harvest is complete and the hard days of winter are ahead.
Harvest is complete and yields are variable.
Harvest is complete except for U-pic.
Harvest is complete for some producers.
Harvest is complete for the fall season.
Harvest is complete in the south and central regions.
Harvest is complete with generally average yields.
Harvest is complete with most yields above average.
Harvest is complete.
Harvest is consequences.
Harvest is done by hand in early morning.
Harvest is done by hand.
Harvest is done with a standard aquarium net.
Harvest is easier done on a flat field than raised beds.
Harvest is easier on a flat field than on raised beds.
Harvest is easy because the berries are large and readily seen.
Harvest is enjoyed beginning in early summer.
Harvest is experienced only in the open air with the hot sun and the cool evening breeze.
Harvest is finished in most states.
Harvest is gather.
Harvest is great.
Harvest is here.
Harvest is history.
Harvest is in full swing across much of the state.
Harvest is just a few weeks away for some growers.
Harvest is less than one-half of growth.
Harvest is light and quality is fair.
Harvest is light and quality is good.
Harvest is light to moderate from all picks.
Harvest is light with fancy and mediums being cut.
Harvest is light with quality fair to good.
Harvest is light.
Harvest is lighter on red's, yellow, and specialty peppers.
Harvest is limited by owners forestry practices.
Harvest is mankind s profit and good summer and a ripened field.
Harvest is moderate from all picks.
Harvest is moderate from zucchini and yellow squash.
Harvest is moderate to meet demands.
Harvest is more public and freely available and can be configured as a robot.
Harvest is mostly steady.
Harvest is much more customized.
Harvest is near completion.
Harvest is nearly complete as far north as Iowa and well under way in Minnesota and Wisconsin.
Harvest is nearly complete in the desert area, but continues in areas farther north.
Harvest is nearly complete in the Imperial Valley.
Harvest is normally at bloom.
Harvest is on schedule for most growers.
Harvest is on schedule with few problems reported.
Harvest is on schedule, despite recent cold temperatures.
Harvest is on schedule.
Harvest is only about a week to ten days.
Harvest is outside .
Harvest is over for the year.
Harvest is over.
Harvest is part of farming.
Harvest is predictable and scheduled to meet the needs of the market.
Harvest is seasons.
Harvest is slow.
Harvest is steady .
Harvest is steady and fruit quality and sizes are fair to good.
Harvest is steady and fruit quality and sizes are good.
Harvest is steady but slowing.
Harvest is steady with fair quality and variable size.
Harvest is steady with fair to good quality and improving size.
Harvest is steady with fair to good quality available.
Harvest is steady with fair to good quality.
Harvest is steady with fair to good sizes and quality available.
Harvest is steady with fruit of fair to good quality available.
Harvest is steady with fruit of fair to good quality.
Harvest is steady with good quality and color.
Harvest is steady with good quality and size.
Harvest is steady with good quality and sizes available.
Harvest is steady with good quality and sizes.
Harvest is steady with good quality available.
Harvest is steady with good quality, size, and yield.
Harvest is steady with good quality.
Harvest is steady with good size and quality available.
Harvest is steady with good size and quality.
Harvest is steady with good sizes and quality available.
Harvest is steady with improved quality and yield.
Harvest is steady with light volume.
Harvest is steady.
Harvest is still under way in the central region.
Harvest is still very much a work in progress.
Harvest is the benefit of life and provides insight into life for all beings.
Harvest is the largest charitable hunger relief organization in the United States.
Harvest is the most critical stage in grain amaranth production.
Harvest is the most important time of the year for rural residents.
Harvest is the result of ongoing interviews, research, and community involvement.
Harvest is the time to inspect fruit for red circular spots indicating scale infested tree.
Harvest is to start about a week later than usual due to a wet, cool spring.
Harvest is under a drawing permit.
Harvest is underway in a few fields.
Harvest is underway in late planted fields.
Harvest is underway with fair quality and yield.
Harvest is underway with fair to good quality and sizes.
Harvest is underway with generally good quality.
Harvest is urgent business.
Harvest is usually after two seasons of growth.
Harvest is usually by hand and the greens are packed into cartons in the field.
Harvest is very active.
Harvest is very light on regular and specialty eggplant.
Harvest is virtually complete with good yields.
Harvest is virtually complete.
Harvest is well under way for many late season crops.
Harvest is well under way.
Harvest is well underway.
Harvest is where the people are.
Harvest is white unto harvest - problem too few laborers.
Harvest is without a doubt the most grueling time of the year for farmers.
Harvest is, of course, the busiest time of the year for the grower.
Harvest isa production.
Harvest leaves as soon as they are big enough to eat.
Harvest leaves at any time after the plant has produced a few dozen leaves.
Harvest leaves before flowering.
Harvest leaves before flowers bloom.
Harvest leaves before the flower buds open.
Harvest leaves continually to encourage new growth.
Harvest leaves continually to keep plants compact and productive.
Harvest leaves in cool weather.
Harvest leaves in such a way that remaining leaves have some space from other leaves.
Harvest leaves in the early morning when the temperature is cooler.
Harvest leaves in the morning, when the oil content is highest.
Harvest leaves individually or by snipping whole sprigs above pairs of leaves.
Harvest leaves just as plants begin to flower.
Harvest leaves off of it as needed.
Harvest leaves often to encourage new growth.
Harvest leaves the first year for tea.
Harvest leaves to encourage new growth.
Harvest leaves to use whole in meat dishes, stews and soups.
Harvest leaves when flowering begins.
Harvest leaves when identifiable, and seeds when green and aromatic.
Harvest leaves when mature.
Harvest leaves when six to eight inches long.
Harvest leaves when the flowers bud, and roots in the autumn after the first frost.
Harvest leaves when they are at the desired size.
Harvest occurs after the tops have fallen and are very dry.
Harvest occurs when the leaves yellow and are almost dead.
Harvest offers live entertainment at prices comparable to, or less than, many DJ' s.
Harvest parsnips any time they are of sufficient size.
Harvest produces bushy plants.
Harvest produces plants.
Harvest provides easy access to information about contributors.
Harvest provides efficient and flexible methods for indexing widely distributed information.
Harvest provides food.
Harvest provides moisture.
Harvest provides much of the system-framework for handling distributed information.
Harvest provides returns instructions with each order.
Harvest provides sufficient moisture.
Harvest raspberries when fully colored and easily separated from stem.
Harvest raspberries when they're fully ripe.
Harvest reduces availability.
Harvest remains steady with good quality.
Harvest results in conflict.
Harvest roses regularly.
Harvest rows superior for desirable traits.
Harvest seeds several weeks after plant flowers.
Harvest serve by either fist meanwhile load florida state seminoles jacket.
Harvest sprigs just before flowering or as needed.
Harvest sprouts carefully by gently pulling ripe ones out from the rest.
Harvest stands in early bloom and only when the soil is firm to minimize crown damage.
Harvest stems before flowering occurs.
Harvest stems from mature plants weekly.
Harvest stems just above the soil line.
Harvest stems just as the first flowers reach maturity.
Harvest stems of love in a mist when the seed pods have ripened with a purple-pink strip.
Harvest stems when young and preserve with sugar for a sweet edible treat.
Harvest takes American cuisine to a higher level.
Harvest takes place about the same time as winter wheat harvest in a given area.
Harvest takes place at about the same time as hard red winter wheat in the spring.
Harvest takes place year-round when seed pods ripen.
Harvest therefore needs to occur to minimize the change from the ideal.
Harvest tomatoes early when they are just starting to turn red to minimize worm damage.
Harvest tomatoes frequently and pick all ripe fruit at each harvest.
Harvest tomatoes just before the first killing frost.
Harvest tops when it starts to flower.
Harvest turns golden beans into green money for farmers as they bring crops from field to market.
Harvest uses pdftotext from xpdf to summarize pdf files.
Harvests are more plentiful.
Harvests are poor, and the land needs to be worked hard.
Harvests can therefore rise and fall depending on stock size and still meet the target.
Harvests fail under the broken skies.
Harvests rainwater rather than relying on ground water.
Harvests still fail, wars still happen, the price of oil still goes up and down.
Harvest always is.
Harvest often occurs later in the Santa Maria Valley than in other cool growing areas of California.
Every harvest is tested for nutrient levels and purity, with only the highest standards accepted.
Most harvest affects habitats.
Most harvest depends on presence.
Most harvest depends on types.
Most harvest has benefits.
Most harvest has conservation benefits.
Most harvest has impact.
Most harvest has indirect benefits.
Most harvest has many benefits.
Most harvest has many indirect benefits.
Most harvest has values.
Most harvest produces bushy plants.
Most harvest produces plants.
Most harvest provides food.
Most harvest provides moisture.
Most harvest provides sufficient moisture.
Some harvest affects growth.
Some harvest becomes components.
Some harvest becomes factors.
Some harvest causes bank erosion.
Some harvest causes erosion.
Some harvest causes injuries.
Some harvest causes superficial injuries.
Some harvest depends on vigor.
Some harvest has applications.
Some harvest increases chances.
Some harvest increases over time.
Some harvest increases over years.
Some harvest increases sales.
Some harvest lasts for months.
Some harvest leads to biodiversity.
Some harvest leads to maturation.
Some harvest reduces damage.
Some harvest reduces production.
Some harvest takes places.
Some harvest threatens orangutans.
Some harvests are longer in growing than others, but they all grow in time.
Some harvests can have many more contaminants and impurities than others.
Harvested area is for grain.
Harvested area is used to calculate yield per acre.
Harvested artichokes are actually flower buds which resemble unopened green pine cones.
Harvested cherries are laid out on cane matting or brick patios under the hot sun.
Harvested rain raises some water quality concerns.
Harvested seed is distributed among project participants.
Harvested seed is ground and used as a spice known as coriander.
Harvested seed provides stock for the following year's cover crop.
Harvested sunflowers are used in a variety of ways.
Harvested volume is moderate.
Harvested water is sent to underground bores for use.
Harvester ants are an example of an ant species that eats seeds.
Harvester ants are known to aid seed dispersal via myrmecochory.
Harvester ants are much larger and make large bare areas with a single entrance hole to the colony.
Harvester ants are polymorphic with both major and minor workers.
Harvester ants are the preferred food of Texas horned lizards.
Harvester ants are very large and have a nasty and painful sting.
Harvester ants assist in the distribution of plant seeds.
Harvester ants can bite and sting.
Harvester ants feed on seeds, which they gather in prodigious quantities.
Harvester ants gather and feed on seeds and other vegetation.
Harvester ants gather and store plant food.
Harvester ants have a blunt stinger but can produce a painful sting.
Harvester ants make up the majority diet of horned lizards .
Some harvester ants eat insects.
Some harvester ants eat other insects.
Some harvester ants have researchers.
Some harvester ants have specially strong jaws for crushing seeds.
Some harvester ants live in deserts.
Some harvester ants live in dry deserts.
Harvester butterflies drink fluid.
A harvester is a hand
Harvester can also retrieve any number of other file formats.
Harvester finds crystal skulls being generated every time a frag is made.
Harvester is a software robot that gathers selected information from designated Web sites.
Harvester is also focused on teaching members how to do ministry.
Harvester is played and that is unusall.
Harvester is the most original mode of play.
Harvester isa workman.
Harvesters are artwork.
Harvesters are exceptionally slow in movement and gathering.
Harvesters are expensive and require routine maintenance.
Harvesters are hungry.
Harvesters are programs looking around in the web in quest of e-mail addresses.
Harvesters are video games.
Harvesters become more efficient integrating with forwarders.
Harvesters begin at opposite ends of a row in groups of two and work toward the middle.
Harvesters can do little more than leave the half-baked melons where they sit in the field.
Harvesters gather acorns, chia seeds, pine nuts and anything else.
Harvesters have (part) arms.
Harvesters have (part) body substances.
Harvesters have (part) cell membranes.
Harvesters have (part) cells.
Harvesters have (part) corpi.
Harvesters have (part) cytoplasm.
Harvesters have (part) heads.
Harvesters have (part) human bodies.
Harvesters have (part) legs.
Harvesters have (part) material bodies.
Harvesters have (part) necks.
Harvesters have (part) nuclei.
Harvesters have (part) personality.
Harvesters have (part) plasma membranes.
Harvesters have (part) sections.
Harvesters have (part) vacuoles.
Harvesters have a reputation of swearing, drinking, and carousing their way north.
Harvesters is our newest class for adult type people.
Harvesters shoot a plume like a cone into the air, straight and thin.
Harvesters transport mined spice to the Refinery where it is converted into credits.
Harvesters use a sesungkit to remove the nests which are just out of reach.
Harvesters use arms.
Harvesters wear cotton gloves.
Harvesters wear gloves.
Most harvesters use arms.
Most harvesters wear cotton gloves.
Most harvesters wear gloves.
Some harvesters add chemicals to containers to kill the hagfish quickly.
Some harvesters become trees.
Some harvesters catch blue crabs.
Some harvesters catch crabs.
Some harvesters collect energy.
Some harvesters collect enough energy.
Some harvesters have difficult time.
Some harvesters have mandibles.
Some harvesters have massive mandibles.
Some harvesters have powerful mandibles.
Some harvesters have time.
Some harvesters require permission.
Some harvesters use colourful plastic.
Some harvesters use lasers.
Some harvesters use plastic.
Harvesting also becomes a real chore left to the giants of the family.
Harvesting also occurs along the west coast of North America , and in Hawaii and New Zealand .
Harvesting becomes a real chore left to the giants of the family.
Harvesting begins in late fall after the first frost , and continues through winter.
Harvesting can aggravate the problem by dispersing plant fragments that can form new plants.
Harvesting can also impact scientific experiments.
Harvesting can be a challenge with alternative crops.
Harvesting can be an excellent way to create open areas of water for recreation and fishing access.
Harvesting can be deferredor brought forward to provide income when it is most needed.
Harvesting can be difficult due to the landscape and inaccessibility of the jungle.
Harvesting can begin six to eight weeks after setting out.
Harvesting can commence sooner, harvesting days are longer and weather interruptions are shorter.
Harvesting can commence when approximately half the fruits on the plant have turned gray.
Harvesting can disturb the soil and increase erosion, causing more sediment run off.
Harvesting can occur throughout most of the year, depending on variety grown.
Harvesting can proceed more rapidly because the grain is drying in several bins at the same time.
Harvesting Carefully pick or cut peppers from the plants.
Harvesting comes once a year, late fall, and lasts a little over a month.
Harvesting continues at a steady pace with fair to good quality.
Harvesting continues at a steady pace with good quality avail able.
Harvesting continues at a steady pace with good quality.
Harvesting continues at a steady pace.
Harvesting continues for about two months.
Harvesting continues throughout the summer and until the first fall frost.
Harvesting continues to gain momentum.
Harvesting continues to increase as more acreage reaches maturity.
Harvesting continues to increase seasonally.
Harvesting continues to increase with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting continues to increase with good quality available.
Harvesting continues to increase with most growers picking at a steady pace.
Harvesting continues to increase with super select and select grades available.
Harvesting continues to slow seasonally.
Harvesting continues with a good supply of all sizes available.
Harvesting continues with a good volume of both hand and machine picked available.
Harvesting continues with a light volume available.
Harvesting continues with fair to good quality and size.
Harvesting continues with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting continues with fancy, medium and some choice grades available.
Harvesting continues with first picks producing good quality and sizes.
Harvesting continues with first picks provid ing good quality and variable sizes.
Harvesting continues with first picks yielding mostly good quality and sizes.
Harvesting continues with good quality and color available.
Harvesting continues with good quality and sizes available.
Harvesting continues with good quality and supplies available.
Harvesting continues with good quality and yield.
Harvesting continues with good quality available.
Harvesting continues with good volume and quality.
Harvesting continues with good volume available.
Harvesting continues with good yield and quality available.
Harvesting continues with growers making the first and second picks.
Harvesting continues with mostly good quality available.
Harvesting continues with mostly good supplies available.
Harvesting continues with small sizes.
Harvesting continues with some scarred fruit grading out.
Harvesting continues with steady supplies available.
Harvesting continues with very good volume available.
Harvesting correctly improves the chances of the spinach regrowing.
Harvesting corresponds to stopping, or a successful search.
Harvesting Cut the flowers when the plant starts to bloom.
Harvesting Cut the leaves as required.
Harvesting Cut the leaves when they are young and tender.
Harvesting Cut the plant off at ground level and hang upside down to dry.
Harvesting Cut the young leaves when they are required.
Harvesting Depending on the vigor of the plants, some harvesting can take place the first year.
Harvesting Dig up a piece of the root, wash, and scrape it under water to prevent eye irritation.
Harvesting earlier can result in decreased yields and seepage losses.
Harvesting early improves market prices and helps avoid lost quality due to fall rains.
Harvesting Enjoy the harvest.
Harvesting established creosotes from desert locations is also a real chore.
Harvesting goes on year-round.
Harvesting has two major impacts on calcium capitals.
Harvesting helps indigenous people support themselves.
Harvesting impacts on forest soil ecology.
Harvesting impacts on soil physical properties in a bottomland hardwood forest.
Harvesting increases the amount of water that reaches the ground and flows into rivers and streams.
Harvesting infested fields last is also helpful in avoiding the spread of the weed.
Harvesting introduces the human element.
Harvesting is a form of cosmetic control that cuts the plant below the water surface.
Harvesting is a good time to start new slips.
Harvesting is a rapid process.
Harvesting is a responsibility to all things.
Harvesting is a two-handed job, one to hold the leaves or lettuce head, the other to cut it off.
Harvesting is accomplished by flooding the beds with water and using mechanical harvesters.
Harvesting is accomplished using mechanical harvesters of a variety of configurations.
Harvesting is active but is slowing seasonally.
Harvesting is active from all picks.
Harvesting is active on green bells, light on the reds and speciality peppers.
Harvesting is active with a good supply available.
Harvesting is active with a good volume available.
Harvesting is active with a light supply available.
Harvesting is active with a light volume available.
Harvesting is active with a light volume of zucchini and yellow types available.
Harvesting is active with a low volume available.
Harvesting is active with average yield and good quality.
Harvesting is active with fair quality available.
Harvesting is active with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting is active with fancy and medium grades of good quality and color available.
Harvesting is active with good quality and color available.
Harvesting is active with good quality and variable sizes.
Harvesting is active with good quality and yield available.
Harvesting is active with good quality avail able.
Harvesting is active with good quality available.
Harvesting is active with good supplies available for the next two months.
Harvesting is active with mostly fancy grade available.
Harvesting is active with mostly good quality available.
Harvesting is active with some producers skipping a pick due to the low prices.
Harvesting is active with supplies increasing seasonally.
Harvesting is active with variable sizes available.
Harvesting is active.
Harvesting is also easier, as there's no stooping or hunching over.
Harvesting is also important to maintain a healthy, productive crop.
Harvesting is always the fun and rewarding part of vegetable gardening.
Harvesting is associated with feasts and ceremonies that have been passed down through generations.
Harvesting is best during mid-summer.
Harvesting is best during the mid-summer months.
Harvesting is by hand or special machinery with expensive sorting and stem cutting equipment.
Harvesting is by hand or special machinery with sorting and stem cutting equipment.
Harvesting is by machine or hand.
Harvesting is carried out during the summer months.
Harvesting is carried out every one or two days.
Harvesting is carried out late the because ripening is slow and gradual.
Harvesting is carried out manually using secateurs or pruning shears.
Harvesting is carried out regularly throughout the growing season.
Harvesting is complete.
Harvesting is completed in several earlier planted fields.
Harvesting is covered where it affects silviculture or forest management.
Harvesting is currently the biggest limitation to commercial production.
Harvesting is difficult to schedule.
Harvesting is difficult unless sweet potatoes are grown on sandy or loamy soils.
Harvesting is done at the most appropriate times for each oil grown on our farms.
Harvesting is done by a combine harvester.
Harvesting is done by both men and women.
Harvesting is done by cutting down all the mature nuts using pole or collect the fallen nuts only.
Harvesting is done by digging with crow bars.
Harvesting is done by hand and impact on the environmental is minimal.
Harvesting is done by hand and intercropping systems are applied.
Harvesting is done by hand at low tide.
Harvesting is done by mixed-sex work groups or by the farming family.
Harvesting is done by pulling up the entire plant or cutting the head or stalk with a sickle.
Harvesting is done during the bloom period.
Harvesting is done either by handpicking or by machine stripping.
Harvesting is done entirely by hand, which accounts for the artichoke's uptown price.
Harvesting is done from the ground in late summer after most of the seeds have fallen onto the soil.
Harvesting is done generally after the leaves turn yellow and dry and the stems fall over.
Harvesting is done manually.
Harvesting is done on an as needed basis.
Harvesting is done six months or so after fruit appears on the vines.
Harvesting is done using a hook on a long pole to pull the nuts from the tree.
Harvesting is done when a substantial part of the seed is ripe.
Harvesting is done with chain saws, machetes or both.
Harvesting is done with the help of mechanical instruments e.g. knife.
Harvesting is done year-round because the plants mature at different stages in the fields.
Harvesting is done, and the sweaty frenzy of summertime chores is over.
Harvesting is done.
Harvesting is easier on sandy loams and loamy sands after rain.
Harvesting is faster and easier.
Harvesting is finished early in the day before any heat from the sun enters the flower buds.
Harvesting is finished.
Harvesting is forecast at light to moderate levels.
Harvesting is lighter from all picks.
Harvesting is limited to about three months of the year.
Harvesting is limited to pin hooking with very light supplies available.
Harvesting is limited to pinhooking.
Harvesting is managed scientifically with field support from conservation groups.
Harvesting is manual picking with careful selection of grapes in the vineyard and at the winery.
Harvesting is mostly steady but starting to slow seasonally.
Harvesting is mostly steady with growers making first, second, and third picks.
Harvesting is mostly steady.
Harvesting is much more critical for chestnuts than pecans or walnuts.
Harvesting is near the end.
Harvesting is near the peak level.
Harvesting is now underway in some areas.
Harvesting is one of the most expensive operations in an olive orchard.
Harvesting is ongoing and the weather seems to be good for it, staying dry so the grain can dry out.
Harvesting is on-going in Africa.
Harvesting is organized.
Harvesting is performed by the grower and is done by hand.
Harvesting is performed using a modified potato digger.
Harvesting is permissible in approved areas year-round.
Harvesting is quick - machine against tree.
Harvesting is quite laborious and expensive.
Harvesting is required on the day before, or the day of shipment when exported by sea.
Harvesting is simple.
Harvesting is slow as the season nears the end.
Harvesting is slow with a low volume.
Harvesting is slow with a reduced volume available.
Harvesting is slow with growers picking only large sizes due to market conditions.
Harvesting is slow.
Harvesting is spotty with fair quality available.
Harvesting is spotty.
Harvesting is steady to light.
Harvesting is steady with fair to good quality and sizes available.
Harvesting is steady with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting is steady with first, second and a few third picks being made.
Harvesting is steady with good quality and color available.
Harvesting is steady with good quality and size.
Harvesting is steady with good quality available.
Harvesting is steady with good supplies available.
Harvesting is steady with some producers finished.
Harvesting is steady.
Harvesting is still underway.
Harvesting is the dominant forestry activity in wetlands.
Harvesting is the predominant disturbance in British Columbia's coastal forest.
Harvesting is the process of separating the worms from the compost.
Harvesting is underway for cucumbers, okra, peppers, squash, tomatoes, and watermelons.
Harvesting is underway with a light volume available.
Harvesting is underway with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting is underway with good quality and color available.
Harvesting is underway with good quality available.
Harvesting is underway.
Harvesting is usually by mowing and threshing in a viner, as with green peas.
Harvesting is very active with good quality available.
Harvesting is very active with volume near the peak.
Harvesting is very active.
Harvesting is virtually complete.
Harvesting kangaroos for food offers greater ecological benefits than growing domestic stock.
Harvesting later results in more hollow stems and poor storage quality.
Harvesting leads to increased fluctuations in fish populations.
Harvesting Leave the gourds on the vine until frost or the stems turn brown.
Harvesting leaves a.
Harvesting means removing the finished compost from the bin.
Harvesting obviously beats culling, since harvested species are useful.
Harvesting occurs every three to four years in the winter after leaves fall from the trees.
Harvesting occurs in deeper areas and has little effect on spawning habitat.
Harvesting pastures for hay or silage is feasible.
Harvesting Pick the lower leaves as required.
Harvesting promotes growth.
Harvesting proves to be a bit of a sticky situation following a common Kansas thunderstorm.
Harvesting reduces carbon stock to zero, and the baseline is zero.
Harvesting remains active with a good supply available.
Harvesting remains active with a good supply of all sizes available.
Harvesting remains active with a light volume of zucchini and yellow varieties picked.
Harvesting remains active with average quality and yield.
Harvesting remains active with fair quality and low volume available.
Harvesting remains active with good quality available.
Harvesting remains active with supply declining seasonally.
Harvesting remains active.
Harvesting remains slow as the season starts.
Harvesting remains steady with fair to good quality available.
Harvesting remains steady with fair to good quality.
Harvesting remains steady with good quality available.
Harvesting remains steady.
Harvesting removes most of the infected tissue and reduces the humidity in the crop canopy.
Harvesting removes none of the parent mycelium, which remains intact underground.
Harvesting removes surfacing mats and creates open areas of water.
Harvesting requires more equipment than just combines.
Harvesting takes effort, sweat, perseverance and faith.
Harvesting takes place at low tide.
Harvesting takes place during the summer months using clam hacks or forks.
Harvesting takes place in the autumn, after the foliage has dried.
Harvesting tends to stabilize the system, but excessive harvesting leads to catastrophe.
Harvesting There is debate about what is the optimum time to harvest dandelion root.
Harvesting Turn under in spring to add organic matter to the soil.
Harvesting often causes damage to vegetation that is planned to be left.
Harvesting usually begins about six weeks after planting.
Harvesting usually is completed in about three weeks.
Harvesting usually is done when the grass in the mixture is between the boot and early head stages.
Harvesting usually starts with clipping or coultering.
All harvesting is by hand and the wine making is traditional.
All harvesting is by hand digging in intertidal areas during opportunistic tides.
All harvesting is done by commercial shellfish digger only .
All harvesting is done by hand.
All harvesting is done by machine.
Any harvesting removes only a very small portion of the total organic matter found in the forest.
A harvestman is an arachnoid
Harvestman clean their legs after eating by drawing each leg in turn through their jaws.
Harvestmans are arachnids.
Harvestmen are a scientifically neglected group.
Harvestmen are generally leisurely in their movements, but can move rapidly when disturbed.
Harvestmen are in the arachnid family, but they lack venom and silk glands.
Harvestmen are very old arachnids .
Harvestmen breathe through tracheae , somewhat like insects .
Harvestmen have a globular body.
Harvestmen have an oval shaped body.
Harvestmen move about deliberately unless alarmed.
Most harvestmen have two eyes, although there are eyeless species.
Most harvestmen live only one year.
Haselden people have a reputation for making things happen.
Some hash browns contain more fat than an order of French fries.
Hash codes are another way of authenticating a document.
Hash functions are fixed values derived mathematically from a text message.
Hash functions are handy things indeed.
Hash functions are very sensitive to a modification of even one bit.
Hash functions can be serious business.
Hash functions have a wide variety of properties.
Some hash functions are better than others.
Hash keys are the RC tokens, array elements are the qualifiers for that token.
Hash keys are unique for every page, please leave it on each page.
Hash keys have to be scalars.
A hash mark is an insignia
Hash marks are acceptable for repetitive results.
Hash marks indicate time-delayed connections.
Hash signs introduce comments.
Hash tables are associative arrays.
Hash tables are common, and some calls can even be resolved at compile time.
Hash tables are lookup tables.
Hash tables are often more efficient.
Hash tables can only do exact matches.
Hash tables have no read syntax.
Hash tables indexed on identity are much faster than hash tables indexed on equality.
Hash tree is combination of hash table and B-tree.
Hash values are small and fast to compute.
Hash is a soft drug
Hash is dishs.
Hash is drugs.
Hash is resin.
Hashes are different to arrays in that they are an unordered list, as opposed to an ordered list.
Hashes are fast and efficient.
Most hashes send in their dates for inclusion.
Hashima island is near the mouth of Nagasaki harbour.
Hashish addiction is on the increase.
Hashish oil is a liquid extracted from hashish.
Hashish oil is a thick and oily liquid, ranging in colour from golden brown to nearly black.
Hashish oil is marijuana that has been processed into a concentrated liquid form.
Hashish oil is more powerful than any other forms of cannabis.
Hashish oil is produced by extracting the cannabinoids from plant material with a solvent.
Hashish oil is the strongest form of cannabis and is used to impregnate cigarette papers and smoked.
Hashish oil is typically dark brown to black in color.
Hasidic music is often wordless.
Hassidic teachings encourage prayer, piety, and serving the lord with joy.
A hassium is an element
Hassium is a man-made, radioactive element.
Hassium is a synthetic element about which little is known.
Hassium is a synthetic, radioactive metal and has only been produced in tiny amounts.
Hassium is a synthetic, radioactive metal, created via nuclear bombardment.
Hassium is of research interest only.
Hassium is one of the manmade radioactive elements.
A hassle is a fighting
Hassle here is all the demos etc.
Hassle is minimal as far as proving their identity.
Hassles are fights.
Hassles arise partly because companies often pollute and appear to pay labor less then is fair.
A hassock is a seat
Hassocks are also good scratching posts.
Haste isa property.
Hasty action can cause the souffle to fall prematurely.
Hasty conclusions are as dangerous as any form of negligence.
Hasty decisions can be dangerous.
Hasty decisions can lead to long-term consequences.
Hasty decisions can result in mistakes that can take years to correct, if ever.
Hasty generalization depends on an arbitrary line between the typical and the atypical.
Hasty resolutions are of the nature of vows, and to be equally avoided.
Hasty retreats become more complex.
Hasty speculation brings poverty.
Hasty speculation brings prosperity.
Hasty words create more problems than they solve.
Hat Creek has two lakes, numerous hiking trails, low ropes course, and high ropes course.
Hat Creek is a famous trout stream.
Hat Creek is in Shasta County .
A hat is a clothing
Hat isa headdress.
Hats add that final touch to any character or costume.
Hats also can aid in avoiding ticks and sun.
Hats appear to be mandatory for anyone over the age of three.
Hats are a good idea as well.
Hats are a good idea on high-UV days.
Hats are a good idea, as are sunglasses.
Hats are a good idea, but sunscreens are even better, but there are so many.
Hats are a good idea.
Hats are a great addition to an outfit and are always great to wear.
Hats are a great billboard, a great advertising tool and are being worn more and more.
Hats are a part of Hawaii lifestyle.
Hats are a symbol of maturity and honor, a way to stand tall and walk with pride.
Hats are a usually the means of old fashioned secular expression.
Hats are a very good idea as well and so are really good sunglasses.
Hats are a washed khaki with black brim or washed all black.
Hats are acceptable at recess only for medical reasons.
Hats are accessories.
Hats are all over our home.
Hats are also a good idea when the wind turns chilly.
Hats are also good for keeping one's bald spot dry in the rain.
Hats are also great in maintaining body heat.
Hats are also incredibly important in cold weather.
Hats are also useful as are sunglasses.
Hats are and added bonus for protection when the sun is particularly bright.
Hats are available at virtually every price level.
Hats are available for both the summer and winter months.
Hats are available in two styles and patch is as shown.
Hats are available with or with earflaps, and with or without tassels.
Hats are back, too.
Hats are back.
Hats are baseball style are available with red, blue or black bills and white crowns.
Hats are beautiful.
Hats are color coded.
Hats are currently a trendy accessory.
Hats are customized by creasing the crown and rolling the brim.
Hats are definitely important.
Hats are different in different parts of the world.
Hats are essential equipment.
Hats are essential in the Florida sun but be sure to wear one with a chin strap.
Hats are essential.
Hats are everywhere.
Hats are fine.
Hats are for sun protection and sports.
Hats are fully adjustable, one size fits all.
Hats are fun to design and always add a little flair.
Hats are fun to make.
Hats are fun.
Hats are functions.
Hats are generic adjustable sizes.
Hats are great for shade and or warmth.
Hats are headdresses.
Hats are here.
HATs are hot molecules because they are implicated in transcriptional activation.
Hats are in stock now.
Hats are kept on at an afternoon card-party.
Hats are located in boxs.
Hats are located in closets.
Hats are located in heads.
Hats are located in homes.
Hats are located in shelfs.
Hats are located in shops.
Hats are located in suitcases.
Hats are made of cotton.
Hats are more often the rule, but less effective in preventing hairs from getting into the food.
Hats are more than fashion statements.
Hats are more tricky - a problem best solved by paper plates and some nifty artwork.
Hats are no longer obligatory for men, and ties are going the same way.
Hats are one size fits all.
Hats are one size with adjustable strap at back.
Hats are one size.
Hats are optional for follows.
Hats are optional, except for fast-pitch.
Hats are optional.
Hats are permanent.
Hats are permissible in outdoor P.E. activities only for sun protection.
Hats are plastic with felt and come in White, Ivory or Black.
Hats are removed.
Hats are secured with delicately woven sanq'apa straps adorned with white beads.
Hats are still in the works, details as they become available.
Hats are straw sombreros, big flower-printed mobcaps or just giant artificial flowers.
Hats are the best way to minimize UV radiation exposure to the face, head, ears, and neck.
Hats are the ultimate in personal expression and provide the perfect punctuation for our wardrobes.
Hats are their costumes for their little rhymes.
Hats are to be removed prior to entering the courtroom.
Hats are to be removed upon entering the courtroom.
Hats are to be removed upon entering the Courtroom.
Hats are to be removed when entering any building on campus including the gym.
Hats are to be taken off when students are inside the building.
Hats are to be worn by all production personnel.
Hats are under rated.
Hats are used for decoration.
Hats are used for shades.
Hats are used for uniforms.
Hats are used for waving.
Hats are used for wearing.
Hats are useful against exposure to sun.
Hats are very good.
Hats are very important.
Hats become optional while sunglasses mandatory.
Hats Buy everything from millinery fit for the royals to wearable art.
Hats can also protect the eyes and face from damage.
Hats can be a very fine form of self-expression.
Hats can be cute.
Hats can be make or bought too and painted with stripes.
Hats can denote different characters.
Hats can do that.
Hats can make or break the picture.
Hats climb the hill with big-daddy shadows and coats the size of backyards.
Hats come in a large range of colour combinations.
Hats come in all shapes and sizes.
Hats come in all sizes.
Hats come in several sizes because heads come in all sizes.
Hats come in tan with black rim.
Hats come in three color combinations.
Hats come off.
Hats come with a hat sand.
Hats come with a hat stand.
Hats continue to come in and go out to various organizations requesting donations.
Hats control our perceptions of people.
Hats cover the head both indoors and out.
Hats feature adjustable plastic liners for comfortable, kid-sized fit.
Hats follow the fashion in clothes and hairdos.
Hats gain even more personality with each cowhand's garnish of hat bands, feathers, beaded tassels.
Hats have (part) bases.
Hats have (part) sections.
Hats help keep the sun off in summer and the warmth in during winter.
Hats help too.
Hats is the result.
Hats keep the heat in and the dirt out.
Hats Keep the rain off with our cool.
Hats Let's begin with hats.
Hats made of spruce roots and cedar bark keep the rain off the head.
Hats make good shade in hot weather.
Hats never get up and walk around by themselves.
Hats never go out of style.
Hats originate from many international locations, including Italy, England, Australia and Ecuador.
Hats Put A Lid on It.
Hats reduce the risk of skin cancer, premature aging, sunburn, and sunstroke.
Hats report only the direction they are pushed in.
Hats rot, photos fade.
Hats sell for a pretty good price.
Hats shade the face and neck from the sun's harmful rays.
Hats Use a chemical-resistant hat, preferably made of washable plastic.
Hats -We have a man's flat cap with a stiff brim and feather.
All hats are black.
All hats are embroidered with a rottweiler.
All hats are fully adjustable.
All hats are hand sewn, so the process is rather labor intensive.
All hats are only available in infant and toddler sizes.
All hats are two tone.
All hats come in a wide range of sizes to add that special touch.
All hats come with a cardboard box for carrying and storage.
All hats fit most heads.
All hats have a back leather strap and brass buckle.
Any hat is better than no hat.
Every hat has a story to tell.
Every hat has different rights and responsibilities.
Every hat is special .
Many hats look similar to the ones pictured here.
Most hats are black or dark in color.
Some hats are available for immediate delivery.
Some hats are black.
Some hats are worn by officials.
Some hats have quality.
Hatboro soils are mesic.
A hatbox is luggage
Hatboxes are elegant and practical.
Hatboxes are good for belts that can t be hung, bathing suits or for shoulder pads.
Hatch detail is plentiful and subtle.
Hatch pattern is based on ltscale.
A hatch is a birth
Hatch fits beautifully.
Hatch helps to answer that question.
Hatch installs quickly and easily, just peel and stick.
Hatch opens above cockpit to reveal spring loaded missile gun.
Hatch works in the reverse, assuming the risk to help a doctor get a product on the shelf.
Hatches allow entry into the storage compartments which are created by the bulkheads.
Hatches also allow for more ventilation when an animal is standing calmly.
Hatches are abundant.
Hatches are dependent on proper water temperatures.
Hatches are good.
Hatches are much more practical for hauling long items.
Hatches are outstanding and there are plenty of streambred trout.
Hatches are plentiful though most of the fishing season.
Hatches are predictable and abundant, the perfect combination for great stillwater dry fly fishing.
Hatches are prolific, and the terrestrial fishing in summer and fall is excellent.
Hatches are to diver lockout chamber and battery room beyond.
Hatches are tremendous through the spring, and holdup well throughout the rest of the year.
Hatches begin to increase as baetis mayflies and caddis fill the mid-day sky.
Hatches bow and stern make for quick, easy loading.
Hatches can be sporadic, go and look for some flies in the air.
Hatches come and go more quickly and don t tend to last as long.
Hatches come and hatches go.
Hatches occur on mild evenings and at irregular intervals during the day.
Hatches occur throughout the day, and many fly patterns work.
Hatches provide access to the interior to permit replacement of the modular instrument packages.
Hatches seal well .
Hatchs are parturition.
Hatchs are shadings.
All hatches have a bright clear anodized finish.
Most hatches are in the afternoon and evenings.
More hatchable eggs offer the potential to produce more chicks resulting in more broilers.
Hatchback cars roll bars no further back than even with center or rear axel.
A hatchback is a car
Hatchbacks sell better than saloons.
Hatched area indicates main rainfall zone.
Hatched area indicates region of spawning.
Hatched area indicates the California rice production season from seeding to harvest.
Hatched area indicates the extent and duration of the low blood sugar period.
Hatched area is capped.
Hatched areas are for paste.
Hatched areas are monsoonal areas according to surface wind criteria.
Hatched areas indicate that the projected changes are significant and consistent among models.
Hatched bars indicate cure rates for children with a history of prior praziquantel treatment.
Hatched bars represent enhancement of freeze protection due to antifreeze production.
Hatched chicks are removed from the hatcher when dry.
Hatched eggs are called nymphs.
Hatched nymphs are wingless females that are called stem mothers when they are mature.
Hatched rectangles indicate identical stretches that are inferred to represent gene conversion.
Hatched section shows central and southern areas with coherent urban structure.
Hatched tadpoles fall into water and continue their development in it.
A hatchery is a place
Hatcheries also provide fish for the recreational user.
Hatcheries are a benefit.
Hatcheries are a study in progress.
Hatcheries are a very important piece to the aquaculture puzzle.
Hatcheries are an important part of maintaining the fish population.
Hatcheries are an integral component of the state's fish management plan.
Hatcheries are another tool used by the agencies to help keep depleted salmon stocks up.
Hatcheries are capable of producing shrimp year-round.
Hatcheries are fish-breeding and raising centers located at or near rivers and streams.
Hatcheries are like seed companies.
Hatcheries are often reluctant to sell to potential competitors.
Hatcheries are places.
Hatcheries are sometimes cheaper, but lack show qualities.
Hatcheries are the most common aquaculture operations in Alaska.
Hatcheries are therefore temporary facilities with a speci c purpose and life span.
Hatcheries can easily lose a few million fry annually to bacteria and fungus.
Hatcheries deliver chicks to the producer within one to two days of hatching.
Hatcheries do play a vital role.
Hatcheries have many limitations to what they can do for the salmon population.
Hatcheries help provide jobs for commercial fishermen to bring salmon to the consumer.
Hatcheries play a huge role in imperiled species conservation.
Hatcheries produce hundreds of millions of fertilized eggs each year.
Hatcheries produce millions of fish that are released to migrate to the ocean and back.
Hatcheries range from small fresh or saltwater rearing ponds to large, industrial facilities.
Hatcheries release fingerlings annually.
Hatcheries remove adult fish from the system and release juveniles back into the system.
Hatcheries sell eggs, day olds, and adults.
Hatcheries spawn adult oysters and produce microscopic oyster spat.
Hatchery transplants compromising local populations.
All hatcheries are open to the public from spring through fall, and several are open year-round.
All hatcheries experience some fish mortalities.
Many hatcheries sell at least a few colors of guinea fowl.
Some hatcheries are consistently more effective.
Some hatcheries sprinkle waterfowl eggs with lukewarm water every other day after the first week.
A hatchet is a weapon
Hatchet comes complete with blood-splattered weapons.
Hatchet snowmobile rental prices are the best anywhere in the valley.
Hatchets swing again and again.
Hatchets work great at slow speeds.
Hatching begins in early spring.
Hatching begins with the chick breaking through the air cell in the egg.
Hatching can occur basically anythime after the eggs ahve eyed.
Hatching commonly occurs on sunny days during the winter on the south side of dwellings and trees.
Hatching denotes the action of recombination.
Hatching enzymes Fish hatching enzymes are metallo proteinases belonging to the astacin family.
Hatching fills a specified area in a drawing with a pattern.
Hatching indicates negative eigenvector values.
Hatching is a point a click command, again updating automatically as the region changes.
Hatching is a prerequisite for embryo implantation in the uterus.
Hatching is accomplished by the piercing of the egg by the stylets and legs.
Hatching is asynchronous and occurs over several days.
Hatching is controlled by light.
Hatching is easy - see the various FAQ's.
Hatching is in early summer and the crawler stage moves to the foliage.
Hatching is inferred to have occurred at the beginning of the rainy season.
Hatching is often asynchronous.
Hatching is one of the most dangerous periods of a sea turtle s life.
Hatching is one of the most dangerous times in a sea turtle's life.
Hatching is the emergence of young animals from their eggs.
Hatching is the use of linear strokes laid closely to each other to create a value or color.
Hatching is therefore asynchronous.
Hatching is Too gentle a word to describe the birth of a tuatara.
Hatching is when the embryo leaves the zona pellucida and prepares for implantation.
Hatching isa process.
Hatching normally takes a few weeks to as much as four months, depending on water temperature.
Hatching occurs about two weeks later.
Hatching occurs after roughly four days.
Hatching occurs after three to four days.
Hatching occurs at around eight to ten weeks and occurs over one to two days.
Hatching occurs at the larval stage when the larva leaves the parent.
Hatching occurs early in the spring, when the buds open.
Hatching occurs in about eight weeks after eggs are brought to the facility.
Hatching occurs in about three weeks, with transformation occurring a bit over two months later.
Hatching occurs in about two weeks.
Hatching occurs in approximately five days, and the larvae drop off the leaf into water.
Hatching occurs in early spring, and the newly-emerged, gregarious larvae construct tents.
Hatching occurs in four to eight days.
Hatching occurs in late spring, usually the second year after deposition.
Hatching occurs in late spring.
Hatching occurs in Spring in the South, and in late Spring in the North.
Hatching occurs in the early morning.
Hatching occurs in the spring.
Hatching occurs in two to three days and adults are seen about five days later if birds are present.
Hatching occurs in two to three days, but overall survival is relatively low.
Hatching occurs on the twenty-sixth day.
Hatching occurs only when environmental conditions are favorable for survival of hatched larvae.
Hatching occurs over a period of two to five days.
Hatching occurs over a two to three day interval.
Hatching occurs roughly after four days.
Hatching occurs up to two months after the eggs are laid.
Hatching occurs within a few hours.
Hatching probably occurs after two months.
Hatching probably occurs in late summer.
Hatching proceeds rapidly once the chick begins to pip again.
Hatching produces worm-like larvae, whitish in colour with pale brown bands.
Hatching shows zone of detachment of mud plaster from the conglomerate.
Hatching takes a large amount of effort, so it is best for the hatchling to recover in peace.
Hatching takes from a few hours to many months.
Hatching takes longer in cool water, a shorter time in warmer water.
Hatching takes longer in cool weather.
Hatching takes place during mid-summer.
Hatching takes place in a multi-chambered burrow constructed by the adult.
Hatching takes place in about two weeks.
Hatching takes place in two weeks.
Hatching takes place over three to four days.
Hatching takes place within a week.
Hatchings begin when moisture and temperature conditions are right in the Spring.
Hatching usually is rapid once the capsule ruptures.
Most hatchling cephalopods double their weight every week or so for the first few months.
A hatchling is a young
Hatchling isa animal.
Hatchling isa beast.
Hatchling isa creature.
Hatchling resembles adult, but yellow markings are more like spots than lines.
Hatchlings also tend to move away from darkly silhouetted objects such as dunes and vegetation.
Hatchlings appear about two months later.
Hatchlings appear in late winter or early spring and larvae transform in summer.
Hatchlings appear six weeks later.
Hatchlings are a favorite with herons.
Hatchlings are about one and a quarter inches long and range from a dark gray to green color.
Hatchlings are about one and a quarter inches long and range from dark gray to greenish in color.
Hatchlings are almost exclusively carnivores until they are older.
Hatchlings are also a favorite food of herons.
Hatchlings are altricial , and are only able to sit up after five days.
Hatchlings are altricial , naked with their eyes closed.
Hatchlings are altricial and covered with white natal down.
Hatchlings are black on both sides.
Hatchlings are black on top and white on the bottom.
Hatchlings are black on top and white underneath.
Hatchlings are chickens that have just hatched.
Hatchlings are colorless and then darken to yellow, and later brown as they grow and molt.
Hatchlings are covered in down feathers , light grey above, and white on the belly.
Hatchlings are dark brown or black with white or yellow carapacial keels and flipper margins.
Hatchlings are dark gray or greenish and have a tail that nearly equals the carapace length.
Hatchlings are dark with bright blue tails and orange spots on the head.
Hatchlings are dull brown in color.
Hatchlings are extremely vulnerable to disease, ecological contamination, and sea predators.
Hatchlings are extremely vulnerable to predation and other mortality factors.
Hatchlings are good feeders.
Hatchlings are immediately independent, but remain in the vicinity for months after.
Hatchlings are independent and rely on their natural instinct for finding food.
Hatchlings are independent at birth.
Hatchlings are large and start readily on pinks.
Hatchlings are larval, almost transparent and look more like a clear strip of ribbon than a fish.
Hatchlings are more vividly colored and patterned.
Hatchlings are naked and blind.
Hatchlings are no exception .
Hatchlings are often cannibalistic.
Hatchlings are omnivores, eating both plant and animal material.
Hatchlings are particularly vulnerable.
Hatchlings are popular as pets and sizeable numbers are exported from Southeast Asia annually.
Hatchlings are precocial, and leave the nest within a day of hatching.
Hatchlings are primarily carnivorous and become omnivorous as adults.
Hatchlings are raised almost exclusively inside.
Hatchlings are roughly two inches in length.
Hatchlings are round and are more brightly colored than adults.
Hatchlings are very dark brown in color.
Hatchlings are very prone to dehydration.
Hatchlings are youngs.
Hatchlings attach themselves to vertically to submerged objects by an adhesive disc on their snout.
Hatchlings avoid some predation by hatching and moving to the ocean at night.
Hatchlings break shells.
Hatchlings can die struggling to implant, and some embryos fail to hatch.
Hatchlings can head inland instead of to the sea and perish in yards and on roads.
Hatchlings carry the typical tri-colors of the species.
Hatchlings develop into juvenile males and females without any parental investment.
Hatchlings dig burrows.
Hatchlings do best in smaller set ups such as that shown below.
Hatchlings do well, and feed well on pink mice.
Hatchlings easily tip over onto their backs, usually by climbing against the wall or over siblings.
Hatchlings eat food.
Hatchlings eat insects and minnows and, as they grow, move on to consume crustaceans and large fish.
Hatchlings eat mostly insects and live in trees.
Hatchlings eat mostly small insects.
Hatchlings eat small fish and insects, adults go after turtles and baboons.
Hatchlings emerge as water levels are rising from the rains.
Hatchlings emerge blind and practically naked.
Hatchlings emerge during winter and early spring.
Hatchlings emerge from nests.
Hatchlings emerge from the egg with the help of the caruncle or eggtooth.
Hatchlings emerge from the leathery eggs by way of their egg tooth, which later drops off.
Hatchlings emerge from the nest mostly at night.
Hatchlings emerge from the nest the following spring.
Hatchlings emerge from the sand at night and immediately crawl towards the water.
Hatchlings emerge from their nests at all phases of the moon and successfully find the ocean.
Hatchlings emerge in the late summer or fall.
Hatchlings emerge mostly at night from eggs buried in beach sand and make their way to the sea.
Hatchlings emerging from the sand at night immediately head towards the brightest direction.
Hatchlings face danger.
Hatchlings face many of the same predators and dangers that the eggs do, plus some.
Hatchlings fall into two main categories, nidicolous and nidifugous.
Hatchlings fall prey to raccoons, ghost crabs, gulls, and a myriad of fish in alongshore waters.
Hatchlings feed on small fish, and crustaceans.
Hatchlings find food.
Hatchlings find the sea by heading towards the light.
Hatchlings follow parents.
Hatchlings generally emerge at night.
Hatchlings generally feed readily on rat pinks or pink to fuzzy mice.
Hatchlings get water.
Hatchlings go through metamorphosis.
Hatchlings grow into adults.
Hatchlings grow very slowly and require a lot of food.
Hatchlings gulp air.
Hatchlings have (part) brains.
Hatchlings have (part) cell membranes.
Hatchlings have (part) cells.
Hatchlings have (part) corpi.
Hatchlings have (part) cytoplasm.
Hatchlings have (part) ears.
Hatchlings have (part) faces.
Hatchlings have (part) heads.
Hatchlings have (part) nuclei.
Hatchlings have (part) plasma membranes.
Hatchlings have (part) sections.
Hatchlings have (part) skulls.
Hatchlings have (part) vacuoles.
Hatchlings have a central keel which disappears with age.
Hatchlings have a dark gray or black plastron, which becomes white in juveniles.
Hatchlings have a heart-shaped carapace which becomes elongated as the turtle matures.
Hatchlings have a light, sky-blue tail, but otherwise resemble the adults.
Hatchlings have a pale blue venter.
Hatchlings have a sharp beak so that they can pip the egg open.
Hatchlings have bright blue tails.
Hatchlings have coral red-orange, yellow, and pink rings.
Hatchlings have glands.
Hatchlings have green shells with brighter light markings than do adults.
Hatchlings have long nails and can climb up the corners and fall into the holes in the blocks.
Hatchlings have nearly round carapaces which are slightly longer than wide.
Hatchlings have ridges.
Hatchlings have very high mortality rates.
Hatchlings have white blotches on carapace.
Hatchlings hide under logs and stones and are diurnal, likely because adults are cannibalistic.
Hatchlings know when it is feeding time.
Hatchlings leave the beaches and leave for the open ocean.
Hatchlings locate roots and begin feeding on the fine root hairs, burrowing into root tips.
Hatchlings look like creatures.
Hatchlings look like miniature adultes.
Hatchlings look like small adults but without tails.
Hatchlings look like tiny adults, but they have no reproductive organs.
Hatchlings move down the beach and into the ocean.
Hatchlings normally eat newborn mice.
Hatchlings obtain moisture by licking wet leaves.
Hatchlings possess an inborn tendency to move in the brightest direction.
Hatchlings produce offspring.
Hatchlings reach water.
Hatchlings receive care.
Hatchlings receive the same diet as the adult specimens.
Hatchlings receive water.
Hatchlings require care.
Hatchlings require shallow puddles of water for drinking and soaking.
Hatchlings require two to three months before they grow to be mature breeding worms.
Hatchlings require vegetative cover between nest sites and water's edge.
Hatchlings resemble the parents except they have external gills.
Hatchlings scurry toward the ocean in thousands, but only a few are successful.
Hatchlings seem to feed mainly on other young snakes.
Hatchlings start with their first meal being a hopper mouse.
Hatchlings stay with the parents for about three months before they venture off on their own.
Hatchlings survive exposure.
Hatchlings take about three months before they can leave the nest.
Hatchlings tend to congregate together in groups called pods.
Hatchlings then disperse across the flooded forest floor.
Hatchlings typically are diurnal , and spend the majority of their time hiding under logs and rocks.
Hatchlings use a caruncle, a temporary egg tooth to break open their shells.
Hatchlings use an egg tooth to open the egg.
Hatchlings use teeth.
Hatchlings use the brightest light source as a way to navigate back to the ocean.
Hatchlings use their eyesight to determine the location of the moon, and crawl towards it.
Hatchlings use up a lot of energy in their frenzy to get to the ocean.
Hatchlings wait until night to leave the nest.
Hatchlings wait until nightfall to emerge and head for the water, to avoid predators.
Hatchlings weigh ounces.
Hatchlings often dig side burrows off of the adult s burrow but sometimes dig their own burrow.
Hatchlings usually emerge during the summer.
Hatchlings usually fledge by their tenth month.
Hatchlings usually remain in the nest until the yolk sac is completely absorbed.
Hatchlings usually spend only a few minutes on the beach before crawling down to the waves.
Hatchlings usually wait until night to emerge from the nest.
All hatchlings are from spectacular parents.
Most hatchlings are dark brown with traces of orange color.
Most hatchlings eat food.
Most hatchlings emerge from nests.
Most hatchlings emerge onto the surface of the beach at night.
Most hatchlings end up on the losing end of the food chain.
Most hatchlings face danger.
Most hatchlings find food.
Most hatchlings follow parents.
Most hatchlings get water.
Most hatchlings go through metamorphosis.
Most hatchlings grow into adults.
Most hatchlings have glands.
Most hatchlings have ridges.
Most hatchlings look like creatures.
Most hatchlings produce offspring.
Most hatchlings reach water.
Most hatchlings readily start on thawed brained pinks, some even accept live pinks.
Most hatchlings receive care.
Most hatchlings receive water.
Most hatchlings require care.
Most hatchlings start readily on thawed brained pinks.
Most hatchlings survive exposure.
Most hatchlings use teeth.
Most hatchlings weigh ounces.
Some hatchling freckled pythons are ferociously nippy for the first few months of their life.
Some hatchlings are located on beaches.
Some hatchlings are struck by cars.
Some hatchlings avoid predation.
Some hatchlings become worms.
Some hatchlings eat fish.
Some hatchlings eat turtles.
Some hatchlings emerge at nights.
Some hatchlings enter water.
Some hatchlings feed on crickets.
Some hatchlings have bands.
Some hatchlings have fathers.
Some hatchlings have gills.
Some hatchlings have patches.
Some hatchlings have shells.
Some hatchlings have skin.
Some hatchlings have teeth.
Some hatchlings look like adults.
Some hatchlings never reach the ocean and are snatched up by hungry crabs.
Some hatchlings never reach the oceans and are snatched up by hungry crabs.
Some hatchlings possess enemies.
Some hatchlings require force feeding or scented pinkies at first.
Some hatchlings resemble adults, others have larval stages and successive molts.
Some hatchlings return to sea.
Some hatchlings suffer from infection.
Some hatchlings survive to adulthood.
Some hatchlings take advantage.
Hate breeds hate unless the cycle is broken by unconditional forgiveness.
Hate breeds hate.
Hate crime encompasses homophobic incidents and racist incidents.
Hate crime has no place in civilized society.
Hate crime is a criminal act directed at an individual or their property.
Hate crime is a ministerial priority.
Hate crime is also a new area of concern.
Hate crime is an issue which causes misery.
Hate crime is intended to intimidate all other people who belong to the same group as the victim.
Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group .
Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group.
Hate crimes affect everybody.
Hate crimes affect everyone.
Hate crimes aimed at men in the gay community are on the rise.
Hate crimes are a corrosive blot on the fabric of humanity.
Hate crimes are a national disgrace.
Hate crimes are a serious problem all over the world.
Hate crimes are a stain on our cherished American tradition of embracing and appreciating diversity.
Hate crimes are about sending a message.
Hate crimes are abysmal.
Hate crimes are also more likely to occur in what has been termed as edge cities .
Hate crimes are an unfortunate plague on our country.
Hate crimes are as pervasive as they are perverse.
Hate crimes are attacks on communities.
Hate crimes are attacks on our very culture.
Hate crimes are different from ordinary crimes.
Hate crimes are different than crimes generally.
Hate crimes are different.
Hate crimes are especially dehumanizing.
Hate crimes are especially destructive because they affect entire communities.
Hate crimes are evil.
Hate crimes are felonies.
Hate crimes are fundamentally different than other crimes.
Hate crimes are generally more prevalent during times of economic and political uncertainty.
Hate crimes are illegal.
Hate crimes are individual acts.
Hate crimes are inhuman.
Hate crimes are just that - crimes.
Hate crimes are like terrorism.
Hate crimes are modern-day lynchings that afflict communities throughout the nation.
Hate crimes are more lethal than other kinds of attacks.
Hate crimes are more likely than other criminal activity to be committed by groups of perpetrators.
Hate crimes are more than assault on people, they are assaults on the very idea of America.
Hate crimes are more than mere acts of violence.
Hate crimes are more violent than crimes generally.
Hate crimes are often the most vicious, and the most violent of crimes.
Hate crimes are often youth crimes committed by kids caught up in the excitement of the crowd.
Hate crimes are on the increase against whites.
Hate crimes are on the rise in New York.
Hate crimes are on the rise.
Hate crimes are political in nature and are intended to subvert government.
Hate crimes are preventable.
Hate crimes are serious offenses.
Hate crimes are serious, well-documented problems that remain inadequately recognized.
Hate crimes are terrorism, meant to send fear and intimidation to that group.
Hate crimes are terrorist acts.
Hate crimes are the most extreme expression of bigotry and prejudice.
Hate crimes are the symptoms.
Hate crimes are the tip of the iceberg, the most violent end of the spectrum of discrimination.
Hate crimes are under reported by victims and news services.
Hate crimes are unique.
Hate crimes are uniquely destructive and divisive.
Hate crimes are very serious and traumatic incidents.
Hate crimes can be more vicious because they target an entire community.
Hate crimes can exacerbate tensions, and trigger larger community-wide conflicts and disturbances.
Hate crimes can happen anytime, anywhere.
Hate crimes can increase the tension within a community.
Hate crimes come out of anger misplaced and displaced.
Hate crimes continue to be underreported to police and difficult to identify and investigate.
Hate crimes continue to occur at alarming rates.
Hate crimes continue to plague our community.
Hate crimes continue to rise, both on Long Island and in New York City.
Hate crimes continue to take a terrible toll on our society.
Hate crimes directed at gay men and lesbians continue to be widespread.
Hate crimes divide communities and engender a climate of fear and mistrust.
Hate crimes divide neighborhoods and breed a sense of mistrust and fear within communities.
Hate crimes do more than injure an individual.
Hate crimes erode our values, beliefs and identities and tear at the fabric of our society.
Hate crimes grow in silence.
Hate crimes happen too often.
Hate crimes happen.
Hate crimes have a chilling effect on every woman s life.
Hate crimes have a chilling effect on every woman's life.
Hate crimes have a long history in the United States.
Hate crimes have no place in civilized society.
Hate crimes increase exponentially simply because of the talk.
Hate crimes increase the potential to ignite community disorder.
Hate crimes involve violence, property damage, or intimidation motivated by intolerance and bigotry.
Hate crimes is another important issue.
Hate crimes keep our phone ringing.
Hate crimes leave victims and targeted groups feeling alienated, helpless, suspicious, and fearful.
Hate crimes mirror the identity of one's own group.
Hate crimes occur all over the world.
Hate crimes occur because of stupidity.
Hate crimes occur far to often, although they are ignored by the media.
Hate crimes occur nationwide but many states have laws that are insufficient or non-existent.
Hate crimes outrage community members as few events can.
Hate crimes permeate every segment of our society, campuses or elsewhere.
Hate crimes perpetuate a climate of fear amongst targeted groups.
Hate crimes polarize communities and damage the very fabric of our society.
Hate crimes reflect a cancer of the soul and have no place in our society.
Hate crimes rend the fabric of society and fragment communities.
Hate crimes send shockwaves through our communities, cultivating fear and intolerance.
Hate crimes serve to threaten and intimidate entire communities.
Hate crimes take many forms and affect many different kinds of victims.
Hate crimes take such forms as assault, vandalism, harassment and murder.
Hate crimes tear at the very fabric of our communities.
Hate crimes tear at the very heart of America.
Hate crimes threaten a community's health.
Hate crimes update.
Hate crimes vary from graffiti on walls in graveyards to murder, arson and assault.
Many hate crimes have nothing to do with murder.
Most hate crimes involve property damage, graffiti, and random acts of violence.
Most hate crimes occur as areas undergo rapid integration.
Most hate crimes occur on residential property.
Hate groups abound off and on the Internet.
Hate groups are more accessible to the public on the Internet than anywhere else.
Hate groups are, by definition, a real and violent threat.
Hate groups capitalize on the negative emotions and racism already present in communities.
Hate groups commit almost no violence.
Hate groups continue to pop up on the margins of society.
Hate groups depend upon recruitment for survival, and their primary target is impressionable youth.
Hate groups have quite a history of attacking churches.
Hate groups making full use of Internet, center says.
Hate groups manipulate community tensions in order to exist.
Hate groups seek to exploit diversity as an evil and to pit religious groups against one another.
Hate groups use a combination of legitimate and illegal activities to pursue their goals.
Most hate groups rely on disaffected youth.
Hate incidents are similar to hate crimes.
Hate incidents can escalate and prompt retaliatory action.
Hate mail is a nasty game.
Hate mail is a post
Hate mail is as welcome as praise or sympathy.
Hate mail is funny.
Hate mail is mail.
Hate mail is welcome as well.
Most hate mails look like it.
Hate mongers are the earth s true devils.
Hate music is usually loud and violent, with lyrics expressing strong racist messages.
Hate propaganda is always false, it is never true, and it is always evil.
Hate propaganda plays on people's doubts and fears.
Hate radio is nothing new.
Hate sites are increasingly prevalent, and increasingly sophisticated.
Hate speech can be a symptom of something much more frighteningly deep.
Hate speech exacerbates existing tensions.
Hate speech invokes physical degradation of other people.
Hate speech is a crime in Canada.
Hate speech is a legal term.
Hate speech is bad thing.
Hate speech is bad.
Hate speech is illegal.
Hate speech is legal.
Hate speech is like cussing.
Hate speech is one powerful weapon in their arsenal.
Hate speech is one recent example.
Hate speech is only a click away.
Hate speech is only dangerous when it is quietly conveyed to willing ears without challenge.
Hate speech is protected by the first amendment in the United States.
Hate speech is unacceptable anywhere on the service.
Hate speech is unacceptable anywhere.
Hate speech is very dangerous and is different from just cursing someone out and getting angry.
Hate speech is very similar to pornography.
Hate speech is wrong.
Hate speech needs to be eliminated from the United States as it was in Germany.
Hate speech uncovers the haters.
Hate speeches fill auditoriums for demagogues willing to profit from stirring up racial animosity.
Hate acted upon is a demonstration of power.
Hate begins shooting out little tiny blades at the group repetitively.
Hate breeds more hate.
Hate brings war and fighting into the world.
Hate burns itself out.
Hate can also be creative.
Hate can also come from being disconnected from others, marginalized, misunderstood and ignored.
Hate can be a form of love.
Hate can be a friend.
Hate can be seen in many forms, each form appeals to different people.
Hate can flow in many directions.
Hate can manipulate, but it has no power to create trust or commitment.
Hate can only breed hate.
Hate causes a desire to kill.
Hate causes violence.
Hate causes war.
Hate coarsely lose hymen.
Hate comes easy, tolerance comes hard.
Hate comes far too easily to our lips.
Hate comes from home, and many parents teach it.
Hate comes in all colors.
Hate continues to grow.
Hate creates darkness in men's souls.
Hate destroys our integrity.
Hate divides people and severs any sense of worldwide brotherhood and hope for peace.
Hate do it.
Hate does more harm to the hater than it does to the hated.
Hate eats a soul up.
Hate equals destruction.
Hate exists in America just as it does anywhere else.
Hate feeds more hate.
Hate feeds on hate.
Hate feels like a stab in the back.
Hate fills a room and leaves none for anything else.
Hate grows from ignorance.
Hate has many facets.
Hate has no home.
Hate has no medicine.
Hate has no place here.
Hate has no place in our community, in our commonwealth, or in our country.
Hate has no preferences.
Hate has power in destructiveness.
Hate has to be learned.
Hate is a dead end street.
Hate is a desperate word.
Hate is a dislike for anybody or group.
Hate is a faith-based initiative, it turns out.
Hate is a force of attraction.
Hate is a good sign of underlying possible love.
Hate is a good thing.
Hate is a good topic because it is so abound in today's world.
Hate is a hard master.
Hate is a harsh term, but it does seem to get the point across.
Hate is a learned behavior.
Hate is a long lasting poison.
Hate is a malignant tumor on the brain stem of humanity.
Hate is a moral condition, while the government is a non-moral agency.
Hate is a positive energy that binds the universe together.
Hate is a powerful tool our government uses well.
Hate is a powerful word, and what follows are some very insightful messages and stories.
Hate is a powerful word, leaving no room for ambiguity.
Hate is a powerful, driving force that needs a focus.
Hate is a pretty strong word.
Hate is a sadness, accompanied by the idea of an external cause.
Hate is a scary and dangerous sickness infecting humanity.
Hate is a strong and vehement emotion.
Hate is a strong emotion and it destroys.
Hate is a strong emotion.
Hate is a strong word but it is closely associated to prejudice.
Hate is a strong word to let fly.
Hate is a strong word.
Hate is a terrible emotion.
Hate is a very deceiving sin.
Hate is a very harsh word.
Hate is a very intense and usually long-lasting state of being angry with someone.
Hate is a very sad state.
Hate is a very strong word.
Hate is a waste of time.
Hate is a weed choking our garden of personality.
Hate is about anger.
Hate is also a cause of violence in our schools.
Hate is also more appealing to the majority of people.
Hate is an abstract thing, and is a part of every murderer's motive.
Hate is an attack on a community's health.
Hate is an emotion of gut level distain.
Hate is an emotion, as much as love is.
Hate is an emotion.
Hate is an equal opportunity emotion.
Hate is an intense dislike for someone or something.
Hate is an intense feeling of malevolence, anger, dislike, etc.
Hate is an odd emotion.
Hate is an ugly emotion and it s everywhere on the internet, in front yards, at day care centers.
Hate is an ugly thing.
Hate is an ugly, ugly thing.
Hate is an unbelievably strong word .
Hate is an unnatural aspect of humanity.
Hate is another word which is tremendously overused.
Hate is as useful as love, and it often works a hell of a lot quicker.
Hate is aversion for any object of the senses.
Hate is bad and so is crime.
Hate is bad.
Hate is baggage, baggage is heavy.
Hate is baggage.
Hate is based on fear.
Hate is born of fear.
Hate is but a click away.
Hate is close to home.
Hate is conquered by love.
Hate is contagious, like a cancer.
Hate is contributed through education, incitement, the general environment.
Hate is corrosive.
Hate is dispelled by love.
Hate is emotion
Hate is emotion.
Hate is everywhere and to all people.
Hate is evil and never solves any problems.
Hate is evil.
Hate is exactly what it is.
Hate is fear, and fear is rot that cankers root and fruit alike.
Hate is fear.
Hate is fine, and one can tell from some, it is used with a dash of sarcasm and a backhanded smile.
Hate is found everywhere in huge quantities, while love is very dense in few places.
Hate is hate and love is love, forever.
HATE is HATE, no matter the speaker.
Hate is hate.
Hate is heralded as a valid response to problems.
Hate is human emotion.
Hate is just a feeling.
Hate is just as injurious to the person who hates.
Hate is just misguided love.
Hate is just the fuel for destruction.
Hate is learned.
Hate is like a cancer.
Hate is like a muscle.
Hate is like acid.
Hate is like being blind.
Hate is love.
Hate is more powerful than love because hate can be entertaining and easily accepted.
Hate is much more popular than love because of the entertainment.
Hate is never right, no matter how wrong the other person is.
Hate is nothing more than a human emotion.
Hate is Nothing.
Hate is on a journey, a crusade.
Hate is one of our reactions to a lack of understanding.
Hate is our frustration at failure to comprehend.
Hate is part of our primal nature.
Hate is pitch black.
Hate is powerful emotion.
Hate is probably the most miserable imaginings that a person can have.
Hate is really bad.
Hate is really baseless.
Hate is rooted in fear, and the only cure for fear-hate is love.
Hate is rooted in negation.
Hate is set aside.
Hate is specific.
Hate is still rampant.
Hate is strong emotion.
Hate is such a strong word, it really is.
Hate is such a strong word.
Hate is taught.
Hate is terrible.
Hate is the absence of love, by the definition being used.
Hate is the American way.
Hate is the bad side of people.
Hate is the complement of fear and narcissists like being feared.
Hate is the coward's revenge for being humiliated.
Hate is the direct result of culpability.
Hate is the disease.
Hate is the gangs in the streets and the guns that they pack.
Hate is the mean of war.
Hate is THE most difficult resonance of all to heal.
HATE is the most wasteful of all human emotions.
Hate is the only thing strong enough to deal with the masses.
Hate is the opposite of love.
Hate is the preventive to forgiveness.
Hate is the result of one's thought process.
Hate is the slave drivers and the Middle Passage.
Hate is the worst thing in the entire universe.
Hate is their cup of tea.
Hate is their trump card.
Hate is to revel in, And envy is green.
Hate is to suffering.
Hate is too great a burden to bear .
Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Hate is too heavy a burden to bear.
Hate is typical only for people.
Hate is ugly.
Hate is unnecessary.
Hate is what pulls the trigger of violence.
Hate is wrong in all colors shapes and sizes.
Hate is, as everybody knows, a very negative feature of the character.
Hate is, of course, an emotion.
Hate keeps a man alive.
Hate laughs maniacally, then smirks.
Hate laughs maniacally.
Hate leads to anger.
Hate leads to Linux.
Hate leads to suffering.
Hate looks pissed, then smiles.
Hate makes people feel powerful.
Hate morosely ease lynch.
Hate needs no instruction, but only waits to be provoked.
Hate needs no instruction, but only wants to be provoked.
Hate needs to be eliminated before peace can come.
Hate never goes away, it just comes out in different people in more violent means.
Hate pays, however temporarily.
Hate produces an action, which produces a reaction and so on.
Hate requires that the target of hate be different, be inhuman.
Hate seems to be sweeping the nation.
Hate sells better than sex, as every tabloid editor knows.
Hate singes the soul of the one who drinks from that cup.
Hate solves nothing.
Hate sows silence, conviction is gold.
Hate starts to take effect at a young age.
Hate stops people right in their tracks.
Hate takes many forms.
Hate used as a political weapon is dangerous to the future of mankind.
Hate warps out.
Hate wears many masks.
Hate weighs so much more than gravity can outlaw.
Hates having to stay in, hates cinemas.
Hate always sells well, but for repeat trade and the long pull, happiness is sounder merchandise.
All hate is local, now.
Any hate justifies all hate.
Most hate is rooted in fear, suspicion, ignorance and pride.
Hateful acts occur in every community.
Hateful anger leads to scornful insults.
Hateful beliefs are like a cancer.
Hateful graffiti is only one manifestation of anonymous violence.
More hateful jerks equals more wars and more problems in society.
Hateful legislation breeds a hateful society.
Hateful speech is a form of violence.
Hateful thoughts are foundation stones to both.
Hateful words are common on TV and radio shows.
Hateful words hurt, but helpful words heal.
Hateful words lead to crimes of violence such as murders and suicides.
Hateful words suck the life out of the marriage.
A hater is a person
Haters are cowards.
Haters are people.
Haters are usually cowards, and when they are confronted, they back down.
A hatha yoga is a yoga
Hatha yoga gives strength and flexibility without depleting one's energy.
Hatha yoga goes far beyond mere exercise.
Hatha yoga has many variations or styles.
Hatha yoga increases health for ALL practitioners, and can unite body, mind, and spirit.
Hatha yoga involves the practice of postures known as asanas.
Hatha yoga is a blend of traditions.
Hatha yoga is a body balancing system.
Hatha yoga is an umbrella term which covers all physical yoga.
Hatha yoga is another exercise form that is gaining much popularity.
Hatha yoga is composed of a series of postures or poses called 'asanas'.
Hatha yoga is for all ages and all body shapes.
Hatha yoga is probably the best-known yoga practices of western society.
Hatha yoga is the most common yoga.
Hatha yoga liberates the flow of prana within the body.
Hatha yoga promotes hormonal balance, menstrual regularity and organ tone.
Hatha yoga uses various postures called asanas.
Hatha yogas are yogas.
Hatpin isa pin.
Hatpins have (part) bases.
Hatpins have (part) sections.
Hatred of men is called misandry.
Hatred of women is called misogyny.
Hatred are by an pig until surround weight training program.
Hatred based on caste and religion is ever on the increase.
Hatred becomes a substitute for the love that was once so desperately sought.
Hatred breeds more hatred.
Hatred breeds war.
Hatred brings enmity.
Hatred brings revenge.
Hatred brings wars.
Hatred builds quickly when punishment hurts the child physically.
Hatred can always change to love.
Hatred causes a desire to judges.
Hatred causes a desire to punch.
Hatred causes all the problems of the world.
Hatred causes nervous weakness, uneasiness, restlessness, cough, fever, loss of blood, indigestion.
Hatred comes from an aveirah.
Hatred comes from ignorance.
Hatred consists in a bad state caused by the thought of a certain object.
Hatred continues to bathe the beloved African land in blood.
Hatred creates hatred.
Hatred creates reasons for opposing through hostility.
Hatred cry opposite all lawn equipment dealer.
Hatred darkens life while virtue-love illuminates it.
Hatred darkens life, love illuminates it.
Hatred deserves no audience.
Hatred destroys every form of good.
Hatred destroys the hater.
Hatred destroys the victim and the hater.
Hatred diminishes life while love illuminates it.
Hatred does that.
Hatred drives much of what happens, public as well as private.
Hatred eat until little news since swell medical insurance rate.
Hatred feeds on stereotypes, ignorance and lies.
Hatred grows out of fear, and fear grows out of ignorance.
Hatred hurts others, but hatred also hurts the one who hates.
Hatred is a being, it permeates every cell.
Hatred is a better word.
Hatred is a cold calculated killer, assassin, and terrorist.
Hatred is a cold calculated killer, terrorist, and an assassin.
Hatred is a distortion of love.
Hatred is a feeling that leads to the extinction of values.
Hatred is a feeling which leads to the extinction of values.
Hatred is a good thing.
Hatred is a horrible thing.
Hatred is a hydr-headed monster which manifests itself in varied fashions.
Hatred is a liberating thing, It releases energies.
Hatred is a losing proposition.
Hatred is a master of contrast- between explosions and dead quiet, red blood and white snow.
Hatred is a poisonous snake that lives in the blood.
Hatred is a prolonged anger towards a fellow human.
Hatred is a sickness, discrimination is a crime and bigotry is a sin.
Hatred is a strong emotion exploited by propagandists.
Hatred is a stronger emotion than love.
Hatred is a structure - anger, a stream.
Hatred is a taught emotion.
Hatred is a very attractive emotion because it is tremendously empowering.
Hatred is a wasted emotion.
Hatred is a weapon.
Hatred is also a very popular pastime.
Hatred is always dangerous.
Hatred is always self-hatred.
Hatred is an addiction to the perpetrator.
Hatred is another cause of conflict.
Hatred is appeased by love alone.
Hatred is appeased by love.
Hatred is as blind as love.
Hatred is base and primitive, and therefore excitable through more primitive means.
Hatred is constantly in the air.
Hatred is damaging.
Hatred is different.
Hatred is emotion
Hatred is evil itself.
Hatred is far worse than any ordinary enemy.
Hatred is hard to deal with.
Hatred is hard to define.
Hatred is hostilities.
Hatred is ignorance.
Hatred is immoral.
Hatred is in the world today.
Hatred is just one form of intolerance.
Hatred is like a cancer.
Hatred is like a plague.
Hatred is like rain in the desert.
Hatred is located in war.
Hatred is mental murder.
Hatred is merely the occasional consequence of that indifference.
Hatred is more powerful because of the media.
Hatred is more powerful than love.
Hatred is on the wane.
Hatred is one of humankind's most powerful and dangerous emotions.
Hatred is one thing, but sickness can at least be cured, albeit with a bit of caring advice.
Hatred is overcome by love, forbearance and forgiveness.
Hatred is pain, accompanied by the idea of an external cause.
Hatred is perhaps the loneliest of sins.
Hatred is plain stupid.
Hatred is possible only if there is love, and vice versa.
Hatred is rewarded with hatred.
Hatred is self-punishment.
Hatred is self-splitting.
Hatred is sick self-soothing.
Hatred is sin.
Hatred is something like blindness.
Hatred is something peculiar.
Hatred is sorrow with the accompanying idea of an external cause.
Hatred is sorrow, with the accompanying idea of an external cause.
Hatred is spurned by a lack of knowledge.
Hatred is such a powerful motivating force.
Hatred is taught.
Hatred is the coward's revenge for being intimidated.
Hatred is the essence of communism.
Hatred is the first-born of fear.
Hatred is the fruit which Israel is cultivating, it is a bitter fruiit indeed.
Hatred is the most clear-sighted, next to genius.
Hatred is the only rationale for holding such views, and hate is a destroyer.
Hatred is the opposite of love and refers to bitterness of spirit and hostility toward others.
Hatred is the poison which destroys compassion.
Hatred is the problem of the person who hates.
Hatred is the product of something.
Hatred is the root of poisonousness.
Hatred is the single most powerful unifying force.
Hatred is the very opposite of love.
Hatred is their motto.
Hatred is their strength and their song.
Hatred is very powerful, and unfortunately, nothing unifies people as well as hate.
Hatred is very, very dangerous to our students.
Hatred is what caused today's events in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania.
Hatred is wrong in itself.
Hatred is wrong.
Hatred kills the body and the soul, feeds on itself, and is the devil s tool.
Hatred knows no boundaries.
Hatred knows no race.
Hatred leads destruction.
Hatred leads to dysfunction in society and the breaking of legal and ethical boundaries.
Hatred leads to more hatred.
Hatred leads to war.
Hatred lives on.
Hatred means to have extreme enmity, to be hostile toward, or to show distaste for.
Hatred needs to be aired and reformed by council and consul.
Hatred never solves anything.
Hatred only breeds hatred.
Hatred only brings more hatred and violence only brings more violence.
Hatred only makes matters worse, granting more success to our detractors.
Hatred paralyzes life while virtue-love releases it.
Hatred paralyzes life, love releases it.
Hatred recoils with vengeance.
Hatred shows up on roads, streets, and highways in the form of road-rage.
Hatred spewing forth at innocent objects christen their lives forever.
Hatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs.
Hatred stirs up quarrels, but love covers all offenses.
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all offenses.
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers ALL offenses.
Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all sins.
Hatred takes on a particular form.
Hatred takes our energy and turns it to the ends of destruction.
Hatreds are too deep.
Hatreds die hard.
Hatreds have yet to be removed.
Hatreds here are deep-rooted.
Hatreds never assist unity, but healthy cultural diversity does.
Hatred always has the potential to threaten peace and security in any society.
All hatred ultimately ends in self-hatred.
A hauberk is a cataphract
Hauberks are coats of mail made by sewing wire rings together and are extremely heavy.
Haughty churches have self-righteous leaders.
A haul is pull
Hauls feed to livestock during grass shortage and winter months.
Many hauls are itty bitty things used just to turn the leader over or rescue a fading cast.
Haulage is pull
Haulage is usually by rope.
Haulage is usually by truck, although railroads, inclined rails, and conveyor belts have been used.
A hauler is a contractor
Haulers are a high performance tire design.
Haulers are contractors.
Haulers compete for customers in the area.
Haulers generally charge less for recycling than for normal garbage collection.
Haulers now have a disincentive to collect extra trash set out by their customers.
All haulers move out of the pits.
All haulers offer recycling services.
Many haulers now offer to serve as collectors of recyclables.
Most haulers are a box with a hinged lid, drain opening, and openings for agitators or air hoses.
Most haulers offer yard waste collection as an added service to refuse collection.
Most haulers offer yard waste collection as an added service to trash collection.
Some haulers accept clean paint cans with only a residual coat of material inside.
Some haulers collect books at the curb.
Some haulers offer low cost services by delivering the waste to landfills in Wisconsin or Iowa.
Some haulers provide containers.
Some haulers recycle additional materials.
Some haulers require newspapers to be separate from magazines and mail.
A haulier is a contractor
Hauliers are furious at the carbon tax and are demanding to be fully reimbursed for it.
A haunt is an area
Haunts are female.
Most haunts have a ghost at the center.
Haunted flowers are a rarity but the phenomenon does occur.
Haunted Home Ask a question, click on the channeling board, get an answer.
Haunted hotel is spooky .
Haunted house is opened for visitors.
Haunted houses are everywhere.
Haunted houses are good places to get demons of fear, rebellion and unclean spirits.
Haunted houses are good.
Haunted houses are houses.
Haunted Houses Find a local haunt here.
Every haunted house needs a smoking skull.
Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts .
Many haunted houses are believed to contain ghosts.
Haunted settings abound in Australia, just as in any other country.
A haute couture is fashion
Haute couture is the most rarefied form of fashion.
Haute cuisine enjoys the reputation of being considered the finest cuisine in the world.
Haute cuisine is culinary art
A havelock is a covering
Havelock gains the reputation of being the strongest man in England.
Haven t seen it, don t know much.
A haven is shelter
Haven isa shelter.
Haven knows how to write a good song and moreover, they play with enthusiasm.
Havens also sings two songs.
Havens are safe places.
Havens are shelter.
Havens are sites.
Havens clearly knows that without passion there is no truth.
Havens have (part) bases.
Havens have (part) sections.
Haverly soils are somewhat poorly or poorly drained.
Haverly soils are very strongly acid.
A haversack is a bag
Haversacks appear to have been of a white cotton type.
Haversacks come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
A havoc is a disturbance
Havoc drains batteries at an alarming rate.
Havoc hates being told what to do, and often has a hard time following orders.
Havoc is no different.
Havoc is, obviously, from the industry as well.
Havocs are disturbances.
A haw is a flap
Haw stands frozen in shock.
Haw works out of our Sacramento office.
Haws are the best in the business.
Hawaii certificates are very difficult to find and are in demand.
Hawaii consumption is six cans a year, per person.
Hawaii courts recognize the validity of non-compete agreements.
Hawaii distributors face a scarce poi supply despite state reports that claim taro production is up.
Hawaii diving is slightly more strenuous than other places in the world.
Hawaii employment is a reality.
Hawaii growers are the world leaders in cultivation techniques.
Hawaii homes tend to be tiny.
Hawaii information is on the site.
Hawaii law requires that all animals flying there go in the hold.
Hawaii legislators kill campaign reform bills.
Hawaii leis mark any important event in a person's life.
Hawaii links abound on the web.
Most Hawaii locations offer Internet discounts and online booking.
Hawaii people say they value education.
Hawaii prices are also at their peak in the summer.
Hawaii ranchers use.
Hawaii residents can be thankful that the months-long ordeal of the election campaign is over.
Hawaii residents can use the reciprocal beneficiaries law .
Hawaii residents enjoy the longest average life expectancy in the United States .
Hawaii residents speak highly of the sessions.
Most Hawaii residents are unfamiliar with the differences between a bank and a credit union.
Hawaii schools nominate candidates for the award, no more than one for each category.
Hawaii taxpayers needing last-minute help have several options.
Hawaii tourism needs exposure through a popular television series.
Hawaii vacations are expensive .
Hawaii visitors travel guide.
Hawaii is part of America.
Hawaii isa thing.
Hawaiian activists are the most vital force in today's body politic.
Hawaiian activity is characterized by the non-violent eruption of fluid basalt.
Hawaiian airports are unique in the country in that they are owned by the state.
Hawaiian aquaculture is unique in the world.
Hawaiian artists explain why they see their varied art works as personal expressions.
Hawaiian avocados are the richest, fullest avocados grown in the world.
Hawaiian beaches are tremendously popular around the world and are a leading tourist destination.
Hawaiian chefs are regulars on television.
Hawaiian coffee is the species arabica, which is comparable to fine, mild Central American coffees.
Hawaiian cooking is the best known example of Polynesian cuisine in the United States.
Hawaiian culture is alive and thriving.
Hawaiian culture is threatened by the mere fact of numbers.
Hawaiian culture is varied and fascinating.
Hawaiian entertainment are some of the features.
Hawaiian entertainment is also available.
Hawaiian entertainment is featured three nights a week.
Hawaiian entertainment is provided nightly.
Hawaiian environmentalists are furious.
Hawaiian families are close.
Hawaiian families know what their family s amakua is.
Hawaiian families treasure their quilts as possessions of great significance.
Many Hawaiian families believe the 'io to be their guardian spirit, or 'aumakua.
Most Hawaiian farmers grow the tough hybrids whose blossoms are purple or white.
Hawaiian food is very healthy.
Hawaiian geology makes for very soft and brittle rock.
Hawaiian geese have faces.
Hawaiian history provides a possible, albeit time consuming, solution.
Hawaiian honeycreepers are a group of birds with similar body shape and size.
Hawaiian honeycreepers are an example of adaptive radiation.
Hawaiian hospitality is reflected in the decor and original art.
Hawaiian houseplants are the ideal gift bonsai.
Hawaiian hula is the slow arc of hands, the soft sweep of homemade cloth.
Hawaiian hurricanes are fairly rare.
Hawaiian images are hard to find, and even harder to find free ones.
Hawaiian insects are an extremely interesting group to study due to their isolation.
Hawaiian islands are right on top of a hot spot which makes it full of volcanoes and such.
Hawaiian issues are intricately woven to all of the issues, it's all part of our society.
Hawaiian judge halts lobster fishery to benefit monk seals.
Hawaiian language is a popular subject along with a culturally oriented history of Hawaii.
Hawaiian language is very expressive in it's contextual and conceptual meanings of words.
Hawaiian lava contains much iron and can form magnetic minerals.
Hawaiian lava flows into the sea.
Hawaiian lavas are very permeable.
Hawaiian lavas seem to be the closest modern analogue.
Hawaiian leis are optional.
Hawaiian life is perpetuated.
Hawaiian monk seals have big black eyes.
Hawaiian monk seals have big eyes.
Hawaiian monk seals have black eyes.
Hawaiian monk seals have eyes.
Hawaiian monk seals prefer reefs and beaches for their habitat.
Hawaiian music continues to evolve and can be enjoyed at many Big Island hotels.
Hawaiian music is an example of cultural expansion.
Hawaiian music is hybrid stuff.
Hawaiian music is known all over the world.
Hawaiian music is unique to Hawaii and having our symphony playing Hawaiian music is really cool.
Hawaiian music makes living in Hawaii pretty damn good.
Hawaiian music plays during the meal and after sunset.
Hawaiian music reflects the land, the air and the sea from which it comes.
Hawaiian mythology includes the creation stories and legends about the gods.
Most Hawaiian olivine tends to the magnesium side, that is fosterite.
Hawaiian papaya has pear shapes.
Hawaiian papaya has shapes.
Most hawaiian papaya has pear shapes.
Most hawaiian papaya has shapes.
Hawaiian people go there for second honeymoons.
Hawaiian philosophy is really quite simple.
Hawaiian pineapple is ready to eat when harvested and it is rushed to market at optimum sweetness.
All Hawaiian prints are of shades of reds, greens, blues, purples, browns, etc.
Hawaiian pumice is called reticulite.
Hawaiian rainforests are rich in diverse plants and medicinal herbs.
Some hawaiian raspberries produce edible fruit.
Some hawaiian raspberries produce fruit.
Hawaiian rays are deceptively intense due to the cool ocean climate.
Hawaiian religion is animistic.
Hawaiian salad is always a crowd pleaser, no matter the event.
Hawaiian shirts are a good idea, really.
Hawaiian shirts are an absolute necessity.
Hawaiian shirts are mens' clothing items.
Hawaiian sites do have something special to offer.
Hawaiian sling is the only approved spearfishing device.
All Hawaiian species are interfertile, and have diverged little in chemistry or isozymes.
Hawaiian streams resemble a mainland trout stream but are generally shorter.
Hawaiian strippers accentuate mammoth sagging boobs, flabby bellies, massive buttocks.
Hawaiian style living at it's best.
Every Hawaiian syllable ends with a vowel .
Every Hawaiian syllable ends with a vowel.
Hawaiian time begins with the darkest night which gives birth to male and female nights.
Hawaiian titles are in the Hawaiian Pacific collection upstairs.
Hawaiian tradition traces genealogy thru the mother.
Hawaiian turtles have brown plates that form a pattern that is different for every turtle.
Many Hawaiian varieties are decorative and can be used in general landscaping.
Every Hawaiian voice is needed.
Hawaiian volcanoes are by far the best-studied examples of basalt shields.
Hawaiian volcanoes can erupt either at their summits or on their flanks.
Hawaiian volcanoes erupt nonexplosively with streams of flowing lava.
Hawaiian volcanoes produce large amounts of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide.
Hawaiian volcanoes produce two types of the same variety of lava.
Most Hawaiian volcanoes spread sideways under their own great weight.
Hawaiian waters are so clear and blue because they lack phytoplankton .
Hawaiian waters are the favourite breeding grounds for Arctic humpbacks.
Hawaiian waters can be very rough.
Hawaiian waters have a high percentage of endemic species.
Hawaiian weather is delightfully mild throughout the year.
Hawai'ian weather is delightfully mild year 'round.
Hawaiian weather is hot and humid.
Hawaiian words have many vowels.
Many Hawaiian words are a part of everyone's vocabulary.
Hawfinches engage in an elaborate series of courtship routines.
Hawfinches first breed when they are one year old.
Some hawk eyes have a linear fovea that allows for more acuity.
Some hawk eyes have five times more cones per square inch than human eyes.
HAWK missiles use radar guidance and destroy their targets in proximity explosions.
A hawk moth is a moth
Hawk moths visit flowers.
Most hawk moths visit flowers.
Some hawk moths have tongues several inches long.
Some hawk owls kill martens.
A hawk is a bird
Hawk isa raptor.
Hawks adapt to environments.
Hawks aim high.
Hawks also eat bats.
Hawks also has a recognized talent for modern, brittle comedy.
Hawks also see in color.
Hawks appear in skies.
Hawks appear over irrigated fields, hunting displaced voles and gophers.
Hawks are able to capture their prey in midair.
Hawks are abundant and eagles are seen frequently.
Hawks are also environmental indicators.
Hawks are also wonderful mascots.
Hawks are among the many predators that catch their prey by chasing it.
Hawks are animals.
Hawks are birds of prey of the same family as the eagle, kite, and osprey.
Hawks are birds of prey.
Hawks are birds.
Hawks are both consumers and predators.
Hawks are by far one of the most intelligent birds of prey.
Hawks are certainly in the news too.
Hawks are characterized by sharp talons, large, curved bill and muscular legs.
Hawks are common, and owls are often heard.
Hawks are effective predators.
Hawks are especially the permanent residents of Himalayas of Bhutan in the winter season.
Hawks are fairly difficult to find.
Hawks are important lizard predators.
Hawks are located in nests.
Hawks are located on nests.
Hawks are now doves and vice versa.
Hawks are on the move, always looking for a field mouse, a rabbit, or some other hawk fare.
Hawks are one of the most intriguing and mystical of the birds of prey.
Hawks are opportunistic feeders.
Hawks are plentiful.
Hawks are predators of many other species of birds.
Hawks are quick, efficient predators.
Hawks are quite bold when an intruder happens to come upon a female nesting.
Hawks are raptors.
Hawks are resident.
Hawks are secondary consumers because they eat the primary consumers.
Hawks are sensitive to loss of habitat and to pollution.
Hawks are still a popular export.
Hawks are strong, powerful birds.
Hawks are the best.
Hawks are the large birds of prey that look similar to the eagles though slightly shorter.
Hawks are the main predator.
Hawks are up.
Hawks are very important because they can control rodent populations.
Hawks are very visual and the falconer wants the ability to control what the hawk is seeing.
Hawks are woodland hunters, while falcons are aerial hunters.
Hawks become partners.
Hawks breed less often than smaller songbirds and produce fewer young.
Hawks build nests on the trees using the twigs and branches.
Hawks can also take opossums in the dusk or dawn overlappings of their respective activity periods.
Hawks can carry prey that weighs about half their weight.
Hawks can cause significant damage if sucked into a plane's engine.
Hawks catch birds.
Hawks catch insects.
Hawks catch prey.
Hawks catch rabbits.
Hawks come through in good numbers and can be seen practically anywhere.
Hawks commonly swoop overhead, and grouse scurry down below.
Hawks consume rabbits.
Hawks consume the whole animal, bones in all.
Hawks develop characteristics.
Hawks do their main damage with their feet.
Hawks don t know how to sing any time of the year.
Hawks eat animals.
Hawks eat birds.
Hawks eat both the snakes and mice.
Hawks eat fish.
Hawks eat food.
Hawks eat fowl.
Hawks eat hares.
Hawks eat meadow mice, small birds, grasshoppers and other insects.
Hawks eat mice.
Hawks eat owls.
Hawks eat prey.
Hawks eat rabbits.
Hawks eat rodents.
Hawks eat several shrews.
Hawks eat small birds, while small birds in turn eat worms and the like.
Hawks eat smaller birds and rodents.
Hawks eat snakes.
Hawks eat squirrels.
Hawks eat voles.
Hawks face many hazards, including pesticide poisoning, illegal shooting, and habitat loss.
Hawks feed more daintily and have stronger digestive juices than owls.
Hawks feed on mice.
Hawks feel wind.
Hawks flap wings.
Hawks fly at eye level.
Hawks fly on airwaves.
Hawks fly over heads.
Hawks fly over hills.
Hawks fly over marsh.
Hawks fly over trees.
Hawks fly over water.
Hawks fly without much wing-flapping.
Hawks frequent the prairies in winter.
Hawks get energy.
Hawks glide on unseen currants.
Hawks has-part beaks.
Hawks has-part eyes.
Hawks has-part legs.
Hawks has-part muscles.
Hawks has-part tails.
Hawks has-part toes.
Hawks has-part wings.
Hawks have (part) air sacs.
Hawks have (part) bird's feet.
Hawks have (part) brains.
Hawks have (part) breasts.
Hawks have (part) cell membranes.
Hawks have (part) cells.
Hawks have (part) chest cavities.
Hawks have (part) chests.
Hawks have (part) corpi.
Hawks have (part) cytoplasm.
Hawks have (part) ears.
Hawks have (part) faces.
Hawks have (part) flight feathers.
Hawks have (part) heads.
Hawks have (part) lips.
Hawks have (part) mouths.
Hawks have (part) nuclei.
Hawks have (part) plasma membranes.
Hawks have (part) quill feathers.
Hawks have (part) rib cages.
Hawks have (part) second joints.
Hawks have (part) sections.
Hawks have (part) skulls.
Hawks have (part) sterna.
Hawks have (part) talons.
Hawks have (part) vacuoles.
Hawks have (part) wishbones.
Hawks have beaks.
Hawks have broad wings and long tails which provide a very stable platform for flight.
Hawks have excellent eyesight.
Hawks have hook beaks.
Hawks have it easy with it's flying ability and nothing going after it.
Hawks have keen sight, sharply hooked bills, and powerful feet with curved talons.
Hawks have lifespans.
Hawks have no natural predators.
Hawks have plumages.
Hawks have strength.
Hawks have three toes pointing forward and one pointing backwards.
Hawks have very specific requirements for fresh, lean, raw meat.
Hawks have wings.
Hawks help control insect, rodent and small bird populations.
Hawks hunt animals.
Hawks hunt fish.
Hawks hunt geese.
Hawks hunt meerkats.
Hawks hunt prey.
Hawks is a homemaker and foundation chairperson.
Hawks keep watch for the mice and voles from the trees.
Hawks kill by inflicting massive amounts of physical damage to their prey.
Hawks kill chickens.
Hawks kill doves.
Hawks kill games.
Hawks kill many mammals.
Hawks kill mice.
Hawks kill rabbits.
Hawks live in a lot of places.
Hawks live in both open and wooded areas , particularly wood edges .
Hawks live in both open and wooded areas, particularly wood edges.
Hawks live in canyons.
Hawks live in habitats.
Hawks live in nests.
Hawks live in terrains.
Hawks live in trees.
Hawks look over the land from the broken tops of trees.
Hawks lumps from posterior nares.
Hawks make nests.
Hawks migrate from as far away as the Arctic towards wintering areas as distant as South America.
Hawks move legs.
Hawks necessarily uses long takes that allow the actors to work their magic on screen.
Hawks occasionally feed on domesticated birds, ducks and chickens.
Hawks occupy ranges.
Hawks occupy territory.
Hawks offers a large selection of green and blooming plants and a wide variety of silk flowers.
Hawks offers the following guidelines for shopping for energy efficient rental housing.
Hawks only feed during the daylight hours.
Hawks pick up defense in second half -Dec.
Hawks possess nests.
Hawks puts the observational comedian's skills to great use.
Hawks reach ages.
Hawks regularly patrol the fields in search of dinner invitations.
Hawks require large undisturbed areas for successful nesting.
Hawks return to nests.
Hawks ride wind.
Hawks says the classic example is a mutation in a gene that makes red blood cells.
Hawks score on three of their four in the period to pull away.
Hawks seek fish.
Hawks seek food.
Hawks seek prey.
Hawks seem to love hanging out around highways.
Hawks seem to move especially on days with high pressure and northwest winds.
Hawks select habitats.
Hawks shake heads.
Hawks shake wings.
Hawks sidle overhead, hoping for one hop, one hop of a rabbit.
Hawks sit in trees.
Hawks sit in treetops.
Hawks sit on branches.
Hawks sit on eggs.
Hawks sit on feet.
Hawks sit on nests.
Hawks sit on ridges.
Hawks sit on trees.
Hawks soar and a multitude of forest animals flourish.
Hawks soar on the gentle air currents in the surrounding hills.
Hawks soar with wings raised slightly above horizontal .
Hawks soar with wings raised slightly above horizontal.
Hawks spread their wings and tail wide to increase the surface area so they rise faster.
Hawks spread wings.
Hawks stand on feet.
Hawks stand on perimeter until signaled.
Hawks stands as one of American film's most versatile and consistently delightful filmmakers.
Hawks start breeding when they are one year old .
Hawks start breeding when they are one year old.
Hawks start their day by stretching, casting pellets, defecating, and preening their feathers.
Hawks still perch in roadside trees.
Hawks tend for bond for life.
Hawks threaten chickens.
Hawks typically live in cold climates and migrate south during the winter.
Hawks use the meadows as hunting grounds.
Hawks use the treetops as lookouts.
Hawks use their excellent eyesight to spot their prey on the ground and then attack with talons.
Hawks vary in size depending on the species.
Hawks view the drug problem as one of values.
Hawks wait for meals.
Hawks wait for owls.
Hawks wait for prey.
Hawks weaves the story's many threads together believably and with good humor.
Hawks win three straight for first time all season.
Hawks often swoop through the clear blue skies and owls compete with tree frogs in a nightly chorus.
Hawks usually build their nests high in trees.
All hawks are birds.
All hawks feed on living prey but tend to specialize partly based on size.
All hawks hunt a wide variety of animals.
All hawks regurgitate the indigestible portions of their prey as pellets.
Many hawks are very fine fliers without being good footers.
Many hawks are, in fact, quite small.
Many hawks fly south each autumn.
Many hawks mate for life.
Most hawks adapt to environments.
Most hawks appear in skies.
Most hawks are located in nests.
Most hawks are located on nests.
Most hawks become partners.
Most hawks build bulky nests of twigs, bark, and leaves high in trees.
Most hawks develop characteristics.
Most hawks eat animals.
Most hawks eat birds.
Most hawks eat fish.
Most hawks eat food.
Most hawks eat fowl.
Most hawks eat hares.
Most hawks eat just about any animal, such as small mammals, birds, and snakes.
Most hawks eat mice.
Most hawks eat owls.
Most hawks eat prey.
Most hawks eat rabbits.
Most hawks eat rodents.
Most hawks eat snakes.
Most hawks eat squirrels.
Most hawks eat voles.
Most hawks feed on mice.
Most hawks feel wind.
Most hawks fly over heads.
Most hawks fly over hills.
Most hawks fly over marsh.
Most hawks fly over trees.
Most hawks fly over water.
Most hawks get energy.
Most hawks has-part beaks.
Most hawks has-part eyes.
Most hawks has-part legs.
Most hawks has-part muscles.
Most hawks has-part tails.
Most hawks has-part toes.
Most hawks has-part wings.
Most hawks have beaks.
Most hawks have lifespans.
Most hawks have plumages.
Most hawks have strength.
Most hawks have wings.
Most hawks kill chickens.
Most hawks kill doves.
Most hawks kill games.
Most hawks kill mice.
Most hawks kill rabbits.
Most hawks live in canyons.
Most hawks live in habitats.
Most hawks live in nests.
Most hawks live in terrains.
Most hawks live in trees.
Most hawks make nests.
Most hawks move legs.
Most hawks occupy ranges.
Most hawks occupy territory.
Most hawks possess nests.
Most hawks prefer the wilderness to busy cities.
Most hawks reach ages.
Most hawks return to nests.
Most hawks ride wind.
Most hawks seek fish.
Most hawks seek food.
Most hawks seek prey.
Most hawks shake heads.
Most hawks shake wings.
Most hawks sit in trees.
Most hawks sit in treetops.
Most hawks sit on branches.
Most hawks sit on eggs.
Most hawks sit on feet.
Most hawks sit on nests.
Most hawks sit on ridges.
Most hawks sit on trees.
Most hawks spread wings.
Most hawks stand on feet.
Most hawks threaten chickens.
Most hawks wait for meals.
Most hawks wait for owls.
Most hawks wait for prey.
Some hawks are sharp-beaked animals.
Some hawks consume iguanas.
Some hawks consume juvenile iguanas.
Some hawks destroy eggs.
Some hawks drink water.
Some hawks eat bats.
Some hawks eat chameleons.
Some hawks eat chickens.
Some hawks eat frogs.
Some hawks eat grass.
Some hawks eat lizards.
Some hawks eat rattlesnakes.
Some hawks eat robins.
Some hawks eat shrews.
Some hawks eat tarantulas.
Some hawks enter streets.
Some hawks exhibit eyes.
Some hawks fly over islands.
Some hawks fly over lakes.
Some hawks follow routes.
Some hawks gain weight.
Some hawks give birth to hawks.
Some hawks has-part backs.
Some hawks have distribution.
Some hawks have predators.
Some hawks have widespread distribution.
Some hawks help farmers.
Some hawks hide nests.
Some hawks inhabit patches.
Some hawks kill animals.
Some hawks kill birds.
Some hawks kill squirrels.
Some hawks kill weasels.
Some hawks lay eggs.
Some hawks live in farmland.
Some hawks look like vultures.
Some hawks possess broods.
Some hawks prefer cold-blooded animals, such as amphibians and reptiles.
Some hawks prefer conifers.
Some hawks prey on mammals.
Some hawks prey on reptiles.
Some hawks prey on songbirds.
Some hawks reach breed maturity.
Some hawks reach maturity.
Some hawks reach sexual maturity.
Some hawks rest on marsh.
Some hawks return to Canada.
Some hawks see mice.
Some hawks see rabbits.
Some hawks seek mammals.
Some hawks seek mice.
Some hawks seize pigeons.
Some hawks sit on food.
Some hawks sit on legs.
Some hawks sit on limbs.
Some hawks sit on logs.
Some hawks sit on plants.
Some hawks sit on poles.
Some hawks sit on vegetation.
Some hawks sit on wire.
Some hawks spread nests.
Some hawks threaten frogs.
Some hawks thrive in habitats.
Some hawks use components.
Some hawks use habitat components.
Some hawks use techniques.
Some hawks visit marsh.
Some hawks watch fields.
Some hawks watch fish.
Hawken alumni can use the ropes course for their corporate team-building.
Hawken lab has a platinium semi high resolution coater available for use.
A hawker is a vendor
Hawkers catcall their rates from doorways in a shrill singsong that lasts from morning till night.
Hawkers circulate with fake Rayban sunglasses.
Hawkers hand out leaflets promoting the latest portable phone.
Hawkers line the narrow streets from one religious landmark to the next.
Hawkers occupy foot-paths of the main roads and rickshaw stands here and there.
Hawkers sell antique jewellery.
Hawkers sell fresh fruits and vegetables on open stalls or handcarts in wet markets.
Hawkers sell their wares.
Hawkers sell tickets and souvenirs.
Hawkers often sell food.
Hawkeye aircraft locate and track contacts in the air.
Hawkings are coughs.
Hawkish voices are always in demand.
Some hawksbill beaches have status.
Hawksbill Mountain is visible in the distance.
Hawksbill sea turtles have carapaces.
Hawksbill sea turtles have eyes.
Hawksbill sea turtles have features.
Hawksbill sea turtles have hard shells.
Hawksbill sea turtles have shells.
Hawksbill sea turtles inhabit water.
Hawksbill sea turtles mate in shallow water.
Hawksbill sea turtles mate in water.
A hawksbill turtle is a marine turtle
Hawksbill turtle is a priority species .
Hawksbill turtles are critically endangered with very few remaining.
Hawksbill turtles are particulary threatened by wildlife trade .
Hawksbill turtles are sea turtles.
Hawksbill turtles are solitary nesters throughout their range.
Hawksbill turtles have a distinct, hawk-like beak.
Hawksbill turtles have carapaces.
Hawksbill turtles live in clear offshore waters of mainland and island shelves.
Hawksbill turtles make journeys.
Hawksbill turtles occupy large ranges.
Hawksbill turtles occupy ranges.
Hawksbill turtles possess beaks.
Hawksbill turtles possess hook beaks.
Hawksbill turtles rely on coral reefs for food resources and habitat.
Most hawksbill turtles have carapaces.
Most hawksbill turtles make journeys.
Most hawksbill turtles occupy large ranges.
Most hawksbill turtles occupy ranges.
Most hawksbill turtles possess hook beaks.
Some hawksbill turtles feed on sea sponges.
Some hawksbill turtles feed on sponges.
A hawksbill is a marine turtle
Hawksbill isa turtle.
Hawksbills are denizens of coral reefs and rocky areas, shallow costal areas and lagoons.
Hawksbills are important inhabitants of coral reefs.
Hawksbills are known to inhabit different habitats at different stages in their development.
Hawksbills are known to inhabit the same resting spot night after night.
Hawksbills are named for their narrow, pointed beak.
Hawksbills are the rarest of local sea turtles.
Hawksbills are turtles with beautiful red and auburn shells.
Hawksbills climb over reefs and rocks to nest among the roots of vegetation on beaches.
Hawksbills deposit their eggs in late spring, early summer and hatchlings emerge at night.
Hawksbills face most of the same threats that endanger all marine turtles .
Hawksbills feed almost exclusively on sponges that are loaded with glasslike spicules.
Hawksbills feed on both plants and animals.
Hawksbills feed on sponges and other invertebrates and tend to nest on small, isolated beaches.
Hawksbills feed primarily on sponges.
Hawksbills has-part beaks.
Hawksbills have (part) brains.
Hawksbills have (part) breasts.
Hawksbills have (part) carapaces.
Hawksbills have (part) cell membranes.
Hawksbills have (part) cells.
Hawksbills have (part) chest cavities.
Hawksbills have (part) chests.
Hawksbills have (part) corpi.
Hawksbills have (part) cytoplasm.
Hawksbills have (part) ears.
Hawksbills have (part) faces.
Hawksbills have (part) heads.
Hawksbills have (part) nuclei.
Hawksbills have (part) pedal extremities.
Hawksbills have (part) plasma membranes.
Hawksbills have (part) rib cages.
Hawksbills have (part) sections.
Hawksbills have (part) shells.
Hawksbills have (part) skulls.
Hawksbills have (part) sterna.
Hawksbills have (part) vacuoles.
Hawksbills have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hawksbills have a hawk-like beak that is used to cut through tough coral, anemones and sea sponges.
Hawksbills have beaks.
Hawksbills have claws.
Hawksbills have heads.
Hawksbills have ranges.
Hawksbills help maintain the health of coral reefs.
Hawksbills live in different places at different stages of their life.
Hawksbills nest on beaches.
Hawksbills nest on sandy beaches.
Hawksbills occupy environments.
Hawksbills reach maturity.
Hawksbills reach sexual maturity.
Hawksbills take up residences.
Hawksbills use different habitats at different stages of their life cycle.
Hawksbills utilize different habitats at different stages of their life cycle.
Most hawksbills has-part beaks.
Most hawksbills have beaks.
Most hawksbills have claws.
Most hawksbills have heads.
Most hawksbills have ranges.
Most hawksbills reach maturity.
Most hawksbills reach sexual maturity.
Most hawksbills take up residences.
Some hawksbills take places.
A hawkshaw is a detective
Hawkshaw stops on the side of the road.
A hawkweed is a herb
Hawkweeds are European transplants.
Hawkweeds are herbs.
Hawkweeds are winter perennials.
Hawkweeds tend to form dense mats that crowd out native vegetation.
Haworth formulas show the cyclic structure as a pyranose or furanose ring.
Haworth furniture has no corner surfaces.
Hawthorn berries are a stronger diuretic.
Hawthorn berries are also high in B - vitamins and other important nutrients.
Hawthorn berries are famous in Europe for the circulatory system, especially the heart.
Hawthorn berries are particularly beneficial for the treatment of angina.
Hawthorn berries are the best herbs for strengthening and protecting the heart.
Hawthorn berries can help in treatment of high or low blood pressure, tachycardia, and arrhythmia.
Hawthorn berries have a long history of use as a heart tonic.
Hawthorn berries seem to enhance enzyme metabolism and oxygen utilization in the heart muscle.
Hawthorn berry is high in a thickening agent called pectin.
Hawthorn berry is used in Europe in several different formulations.
Hawthorn extracts are considered to be relatively safe.
Hawthorn extracts decrease peripheral vascular resistance and hypertension in animal models.
Hawthorn flavonoids help calm nerves for insomnia and anxious countenance.
Some hawthorn flowers increase capacity.
Hawthorn fruit has seeds.
Most hawthorn fruit has seeds.
Hawthorn leaf is used for angina and weak heart.
Hawthorn leaves are shiny and develop in a number of sizes and shapes.
Hawthorn leaves are shiny and grow in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Hawthorn leaves turn yellow, then brown, shrivel, and fall prematurely.
Hawthorn powder is added to flour in Africa.
Some hawthorn shrubs bear few or no thorns.
Hawthorn stories abound in European folklore.
Hawthorn tea is additionally helpful for dealing with anxiety.
Hawthorn tea is useful for high blood pressure and tension.
Hawthorn tincture is used in medicine, as it acts on the nervous system.
Hawthorn trees are deciduous trees native to Europe, North Africa and Western Asia.
Hawthorn trees are especially popular in the world of herbal medicine.
Hawthorn trees demarcate a garden plot.
Hawthorn trees thrive in well-drained soil with regular moisture in full sun.
Some hawthorn trees thrive in moisture.
Some hawthorn trees thrive in soil moisture.
A hawthorn is a bush
Hawthorn has numerous beneficial effects on the heart and blood vessels.
Hawthorn isa bush.
Hawthorn isa shrub.
Hawthorns are among the trees most recommended for water conservation landscapes.
Hawthorns are another group of small, flowering trees that possess attractive fruit.
Hawthorns are common to bottomlands and disturbed upland sites.
Hawthorns are decidious plants with simple leaves that are usually toothed or lobed.
Hawthorns are generally small, shrubby, thorn-bearing trees.
Hawthorns are good choices and are very adaptable trees.
Hawthorns are large shrubs or small trees usually with dark brown bark, flaking in scales.
Hawthorns are native to North America, Mexico, South America, Europe and Asia.
Hawthorns are shrubs.
Hawthorns are small trees or large shrubs.
Hawthorns are stadiums.
Hawthorns are well adapted to urban life.
Hawthorns can handle a variety of soil types as well, as long as the soil is well drained.
Hawthorns can survive in partial sun, though they prefer full sun.
Hawthorns contain substances.
Hawthorns freely hybridize between species and individuals within a species are quite variable.
Hawthorns grow well in the U.S., Europe, Northern Africa, the Mediterranean and Asia.
Hawthorns have (part) cell membranes.
Hawthorns have (part) cells.
Hawthorns have (part) corpi.
Hawthorns have (part) cytoplasm.
Hawthorns have (part) nuclei.
Hawthorns have (part) plasma membranes.
Hawthorns have (part) sections.
Hawthorns have (part) vacuoles.
Hawthorns have (part) xylem.
Hawthorns have anabolic effects.
Hawthorns have effects.
Hawthorns have properties.
Hawthorns invade disturbed bushland and form spiny thickets.
Hawthorns may have effects.
Hawthorns may have follow side effects.
Hawthorns may have side effects.
Hawthorns normally have dense crowns that are upright or rounded with spreading branches.
Hawthorns offer great fall color and are available in thornless varieties.
Hawthorns produce white flowers in spring.
Hawthorns seem to prefer alkaline soils, and are most abundant in limestone areas.
Most hawthorns are armed.
Most hawthorns contain substances.
Most hawthorns have anabolic effects.
Most hawthorns have effects.
Most hawthorns have properties.
Some hawthorns are classified as noxious weeds.
Some hawthorns are classified as weeds.
Some hawthorns contain active compounds.
Some hawthorns contain compounds.
Some hawthorns grow along hillsides.
Some hawthorns grow in dense shades.
Some hawthorns grow in shades.
Some hawthorns have capacity.
Some hawthorns have flowers.
Some hawthorns have foliage.
Some hawthorns have green foliage.
Some hawthorns have power.
Some hawthorns have thorns.
Some hawthorns lose leaves.
Some hawthorns offer benefits.
Some hawthorns produce fruit.
Some hawthorns produce red fruit.
Hay additives fall into two basic categories, drying agents and inhibitors.
Hay analysis can be very useful to evaluate quality and design proper feeding programs.
Hay bag hangs with ease and is lightweight to carry.
Hay bags are in front of the horses all the time.
A hay bale is a bale
Hay bales are an alternative but tend to collapse slowly over the evening.
Hay bales are bales.
Hay bales are good.
Hay bales can be either round or square.
Hay bales count, as do old farm implements.
Hay bales offer protection in case of an errant turn or spill on the free course.
Hay bales provide a well-aerated disease free growing medium that is perfect for growing vegetables.
Hay barns are tall poles with a roof and open sides.
Hay chaff is a nutritious supplement.
Hay condition is important.
Hay contests improve exhibitor knowledge of hay quality.
Hay crop looks excellent.
Hay crops offer environmental advantages over many of the farm program crops.
Hay crops produce more protein per acre than any annual crop.
Hay cutting continues.
Hay cuttings continue.
Hay demand is highly related to the inventory of cattle, sheep and horses.
A hay fever is allergic rhinitis
Hay fever affects a company s bottom line in a variety of ways.
Hay fever begins because of a sensitivity to proteins that occur naturally in our surroundings.
Hay fever begins with burning and itching of palate and conjunctiva.
Hay fever begins.
Hay fever can be a seasonal or year-round health problem.
Hay fever can lead to measurable changes in the acuteness of smell, taste, and hearing.
Hay fever can occur any season.
Hay fever causes sleep disturbance.
Hay fever costs a lot in terms of health care.
Hay fever is a common symptom, usually associated with intense itching of the eyes.
Hay fever is a common term for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Hay fever is a commonly used term for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Hay fever is a modern disease.
Hay fever is a reaction to airborne plant pollens in the nose.
Hay fever is a seasonal condition.
Hay fever is a specific type of allergic rhinitis.
Hay fever is a term used for allergies that occur during certain seasons of the year.
Hay fever is an allergic reaction of the nasal passages to wind-borne pollens.
Hay fever is an allergic response to grass pollen.
Hay fever is an allergic response to pollen.
Hay fever is an allergy that people get when certain plants and grasses bloom in summer or fall.
Hay fever is basically an allergic reaction to pollens from trees, weed and grasses.
Hay fever is brought on by allergy to pollen, dust or mold.
Hay fever is caused by an allergy to pollens or moulds.
Hay fever is caused by an allergy to the pollen of trees, grasses, weeds or the spores of molds.
Hay fever is caused by breathing in pollen and by pollen getting in the eyes.
Hay fever is controlled in the majority of patients.
Hay fever is most common in spring and fall, but some people have it all year.
Hay fever is one of the most common allergies.
Hay fever is one of the most difficult conditions to fit a remedy to.
Hay fever is the allergen-reagin reaction that occurs in the nose.
Hay fever is the common name for seasonal allergic rhinitis.
Hay fever is the common term for seasonal allergies.
Hay fever is the common term used for allergies that occur during certain seasons of the year.
Hay fever is the condition most likely to be caused by pollen allergy.
Hay fever is the most clear-cut case of allergy.
Hay fever is the most common allergic disease in the United States.
Hay fever is the most common allergic disorder.
Hay fever is the most common allergy in the United States.
Hay fever is the most common allergy, followed by asthma.
Hay fever is the most common allergy.
Hay fever is the most common expression of allergy and is a prototype of immediate hypersensitivity.
Hay fever is the most common form of allergy.
Hay fever is the most common form of rhinitis and is also known as 'seasonal allergic rhinitis'.
Hay fever is the name given to pollen allergy.
Hay fever is the result of the mucous membrane of the eyes and air passages being inflamed.
Hay fever is worse than rose fever.
Hay fever seems to run in families.
Hay fevers are allergic reaction.
Hay fevers are allergic rhinitis.
Hay fevers cause congestion.
Hay fevers cause nasal congestion.
Most hay fevers cause congestion.
Most hay fevers cause nasal congestion.
Hay fiber is the best defense against intestinal blockages.
Hay fields are still green and the bales bountiful up here near the Kansas and Missouri borders.
Hay fields look thin and patchy, as grasses are out-growing alfalfa with the current weather.
Hay fields provide habitats.
Most hay fields provide habitats.
Hay fusiles fraticidas y paredones malditos.
Hay growth is delayed by dry weather.
Hay growth is excellent and alfalfa is in the late vegetative to early bud stage.
Hay harvest continues briskly due to hot, dry weather.
Hay harvest continues to be a challenge.
Hay harvest continues to make an abundance of forage available in most areas.
Hay harvest continues with excellent fall harvesting weather.
Hay harvest continues.
Hay harvest is frustrating growers because of continued poor drying conditions.
Hay harvest is mostly complete.
Hay harvest is well underway and alfalfa weevil have subsided.
Hay harvests continue.
Hay harvests occur to provide future benefits for landowners.
Hay leaves fall to the bottom of the bag instead of on the ground.
Hay markets remain firm with a higher undertone for dairy quality hay.
Most hay mays have consequences.
Most hay mays have severe consequences.
Hay nets are more dangerous than hay racks.
Hay operations continue across the area.
Most hay piles are made near the talus-meadow boundary and serve as territory markers.
Hay prices are steady to firmer and some leveling of cow and heifer prices is noted.
Hay prices are well above normal levels in many areas.
Hay prices remain high and top dairy quality hay is hard to find.
Hay prices tend to be seasonal.
Hay probes are effective when sampling dry forages.
Hay quality is lowered due to loss of leaf tissue, leaving only stems.
Hay quality is pretty good.
Hay quality is reported to be average to below average.
Hay quality is short of expectations.
Hay quality is very important for horse owners, with minimal dust and mold being extremely critical.
Hay quality translates directly into feed value.
Hay racks keep the hay clean and dry.
Hay rides are also in the works as a weekend attraction, a new feature from past years mazes.
Hay rides are available any time of the year.
Hay Rides are fun for young and old.
Hay rides are fun in the fall.
Hay rides are one hour in length.
Hay rides offer an alternative trot through the forest.
Hay River is a new cooperative that consists of six farms in western Wisconsin.
Hay River is a twelve hour drive or a seventy minute flight from Edmonton, Alberta.
Hay River is still to come.
Hay sheds are excellent dual purpose buildings that can be used for machinery, grain or livestock.
Hay shipping takes many forms.
Hay shortages force the feeding of lower quality feeds.
Hay stocks are also large in the Western Region.
Hay stocks are up in three of the four regions, while prices have trended inversely.
Hay storage is cheaper when built in the end of the barn rather than on a second storey.
Hay storage occupies the upper level of the square storage building, with a large central hay drop.
Hay students attend two evenings a week.
Hay supplies are mostly adequate.
Hay supplies are record low in the Northeast region.
Hay supplies are short in some locations.
Hay supplies are short, stock ponds are low.
Hay supplies remain well below usual levels and prices high in many areas of the district.
Hay supply is good but quality is average to poor.
Hay supply is still quite short in the area.
Hay testing can be an important alfalfa hay marketing tool for both seller and buyer.
Hay time Do.
Hay wagon rides around the ranch to view lighted displays.
Hay wagon rides, pulled by a riding lawn mower.
Hay wagon rides, Western cookouts and horseback luncheon rides.
Hay comes from places.
Hay consists of grass.
Hay contains fiber.
Hay feeds cattle.
Hay has more concentrate nutrition.
Hay has nutrition.
Hay has proteins.
Hay has texture.
Hay includes seeds.
Hay is fodder
Hay is fodder.
Hay is located in barns.
Hay is located in fields.
Hay is located in lofts.
Hay is located in stables.
Hay is organics.
Hay is plant materials.
Hay is used for horses.
Hay isa fodder.
Hay mays have consequences.
Hay mays have severe consequences.
Hays also displays strong acting skills.
Hays also operates a support center in Fresno, California.
Hays also urges brokers to preview licensees' web pages.
Hays are simply easier to manage.
Hays can only hope for history to repeat itself.
Hays knows how that works.
Hays now appeals.
Hays now stands in the road.
Hays offers clutches, flywheels, bearings and cables for many popular applications.
Hays then plans to issue recommendations to the trial judge.
Hays urges brokers to develop office policies on Internet activity including web pages.
All hay is baled in rolls as haylage.
All hay is inspected before the sale.
All hay is of mixed grasses and fertilized.
All hay is tested and an analysis is available upon request.
All hays have some mold spores.
Any hay made on the farm is done by a neighbour on a custom basis.
Any hay mowed usually lays a week before baling.
Most hay comes from places.
Most hay contains fiber.
Most hay has more concentrate nutrition.
Most hay has nutrition.
Most hay has proteins.
Most hay has texture.
Most hay includes seeds.
Most hay is fed to livestock on the farm where it is produced.
Some hay becomes lunch.
Some hay causes problems.
Some hay contains clover.
Some hay contains foliage.
Some hay contains percent crude proteins.
Some hay contains proteins.
Some hay contains red clover.
Some hay has calcium.
Some hay has leaves.
Some hay has much calcium.
Some hay helps digestion.
Some hay is preferred to high silage rations.
Some hay is put up for more security to cope with unusual occurrences.
Some hay leads to health problems.
Some hay leads to problems.
Some hay makes up diets.
Some hay promotes fermentation.
Some hay promotes normal fermentation.
Some hay provides adequate intake.
Some hay provides adequate protein intake.
Some hay provides bulk.
Some hay provides diets.
Some hay provides fiber diets.
Some hay provides high fiber diets.
Some hay provides intake.
Some hay provides nutrients.
Some hay provides protein intake.
Haydn brushes are dependable and are manufactured with no compromising on quality.
Hayes also leads discussion after the videos.
Hayes currently plays the voice of chef on the popular animated television show South Park.
Hayes have one of the most impressive and informative websites around.
Hayes know soon.
Hayes commands are the standard by which all modems are measured.
Hayes compatibility is an important feature to look for when shopping for a modem.
Hayes manual suggest flasher unit, but diagram for central electricl panel is incorrect.
Most Hayes students make use of computers in at least one course each week.
A hayfield is grassland
Hayfields are the preferred nesting habitat.
Hayfields look great.
Hayman Constants Let f be a transcendental entire function.
A haystack is a stack
Haystack can accept only cash or checks, in U.S. dollars.
Haystack covers including related weights and rope.
Haystack expects to meet the deadline for delivery of all hardware by the end of the year.
Haystack gives the user a convenient interface to search their own corpora of knowledge.
Haystack is to the left of Basin to the rear.
Haystack isa stack.
Haystacks are artwork.
Haystacks are stacks.
Hazard analyses are a primary means of health-hazard identification.
Hazard categorization is conducted on unknown materials for proper classification.
Hazard communication consists of documentation and identification of packaging and vehicles.
Hazard communication is the social dialogue about risk by a variety of parties.
Hazard Communication Pertains to entire school as well as specific areas.
Hazard control is a given in any situation and recognition of the hazard is an obvious.
Hazard controls are fully in place, and are known and supported by the workforce.
Hazard controls are generally in place, but effectiveness and completeness vary.
Hazard elimination is a form of process improvement.
Hazard evaluation is a process which relies heavily on the professional judgment of the evaluator.
Hazard identification is a very small part of the process.
Hazard identification is the first, and in many ways, the most important step in risk assessment.
Hazard identification provides the basis for the final hazard categorization of the facility.
Hazard information is limited.
Hazard information is required for employees involved in the installation.
Hazard insurance is an insurance policy to protect homeowners against property damage.
Hazard insurance is insurance
Hazard insurance is insurance.
Hazard insurance is required and flood insurance is required where necessary.
Hazard insurance is required to obtain a mortgage.
Hazard insurance is required.
Hazard management activities associate with phases.
Hazard maps are a primary tool for mitigation.
Hazard maps are an investigative tool with a preventive function.
Hazard rating is a long-term planning tool.
A hazard is danger
Hazard analyses, etc.
Hazard are the publishers, but there is nothing haphazard about the production.
Hazard boasts many winning baseball and basket ball teams.
Hazard depends on the toxicity of the pesticide and the amount of exposure.
Hazard depends primarily on the vigor of trees growing in the stand before defoliation.
Hazard does run up the left side of the hole.
Hazard exists if parts are missing, the restraints aren t used, or if tray pops off.
Hazard has a long tradition of self-medication.
Hazard is a largely human construct.
Hazard is a non-quantitative concept defining that which causes damage.
Hazard is a recognized risk.
Hazard is a simple tool to assist in assessing and rating risks and hazards.
Hazard is an inviting field for prospectors and investors.
Hazard is based on stand characteristics and climate.
Hazard is blessed with many senior members, many of which are retired farmers.
Hazard is defined as the capability of the organism for adverse effect.
Hazard is defined as the potential to cause harm, risk is the likelihood of it happening.
Hazard is defined broadly.
Hazard is dependent on stand and site factors that are conducive to successful beetle attack.
Hazard is dependent on stand and site factors that are conducive to successful defoliator buildup.
Hazard is extremely low.
Hazard is location dependent.
Hazard is one of five communities within the jurisdiction of Sherman County.
Hazard is the actual phenomenon and vulnerability is the effect on the community.
Hazard is the inherent ability to cause harm.
Hazard is the largest city in the area.
Hazard is the magistrates' clerk.
Hazard is the potential of a stressor to cause alterations upon a biological system.
Hazard is therefore, duh, none.
Hazard isa entity.
Hazard means the potential to cause harm.
Hazard provides the soundtrack.
Hazard seems to be very localized vapor from bunker complex.
Hazard thus includes both toxicity and the chance of exposure to a toxic amount of a product.
Hazard varies with intensity and duration of exposure and type of radiation.
Hazard varies with uptake and toxicity of isotope.
Hazards abound in daily life.
Hazards abound on the long journey, including storms, predators and exhaustion.
Hazards also involve locations prone to ground failure during an earthquake.
Hazards apply to empty containers.
Hazards are a part of life.
Hazards are always present when working on roads with moving traffic.
Hazards are always present when working on the roads as traffic passes.
Hazards are conditions that increase either the frequency or the severity of losses.
Hazards are danger.
Hazards are events, activities, and conditions that have the potential to cause harm.
Hazards are interactive elements that can seriously damage either of the fighters.
Hazards are less pronounced in handling clothing exposed to low toxicity pesticides.
Hazards are marked, marshals direct traffic, and motorcycle police monitor the course.
Hazards are minimal, fairways are wide and the greens are spacious.
Hazards are obstacles.
Hazards are of two types, primary and secondary.
Hazards are part of golf courses.
Hazards Are Real.
Hazards are the result of incorrect lifting methods.
Hazards are things that can go wrong.
Hazards are, well, extremely hazardous.
Hazards arise in addition to that of the laser radiation itself.
Hazards associated with aerosols vary.
Hazards associated with cloning include both physical and psychological risks.
Hazards associated with device use are a common and serious problem.
Hazards attract, fairways repel.
Hazards Avoid hazards.
Hazards can affect health in different ways.
Hazards can also arise because of toxic byproducts of novel enzymatic function.
Hazards can also include moose, caribou, or even the occasional grizzly.
Hazards can appear in seconds, and full attention is essential to avoiding tragedy.
Hazards can be hidden, so extreme caution is warranted.
Hazards can exist during production, storage, transportation, use or disposal.
Hazards can lurk in the unmown grass.
Hazards can vary depending on the home's features and the ages of people living there.
Hazards cause accidents.
Hazards Describe the effects of ionizing radiation on living tissues.
Hazards differ, and so do their effects.
Hazards exist at all times.
Hazards exist during production, storage, transportation, use and disposal .
Hazards exist even during quiet periods.
Hazards exist in every workplace.
Hazards exist on all fields of play and are involved in all water related activity.
Hazards exist when dependence lines go back in time.
Hazards extend to the connection between a computer and the Internet.
Hazards Forget the movies, here's the real deal.
Hazards go unreported and left unfixed.
Hazards here are plentiful.
Hazards increase the risk of loss through some peril.
Hazards involving chemicals exist in all workplaces.
Hazards looks at how safety reps can organise to close the reality gap on workplace safety.
Hazards looks at how unions can organise to ensure the workplace is safe.
Hazards looks at the inconsistencies in the UK risk system.
Hazards looks for Businessmen behaving badly.
Hazards lurk up ahead, though.
Hazards occur from floating debris, particularly at high flow.
Hazards quickly arise when a data stream can give commands rather than merely deliver information.
Hazards range from internal data traffic accidents to external hacker attacks.
Hazards range from poisonous spiders and scorpions to rampaging buffalo and manic lawn mowers.
Hazards reduce the performance from the ideal speedup gained by pipelining.
Hazards relate to the physical dangers regularly faced on the job.
Hazards shows how.
Hazards take care of themselves.
Hazards take the form of bunkers, creeks, wetlands, and two new lakes.
Hazards vary depending on job classification.
Hazards vary depending upon specific compound.
All hazards are lateral.
All hazards identified in section spectrometer vacuum section applies to the collimator box as well.
Every hazard has an associated risk.
Many hazards are already evident from existing scientific findings.
Many hazards await the hatchlings when they reach the surface of the nest.
Many hazards exist, and serious accidents occur with regularity.
Many hazards stand between a salmon egg and adulthood.
Most hazards are invisible.
Most hazards are obvious, the trees, the main road, the reservoir, etc.
Some hazards affect workers right away or soon after they are exposed.
Some hazards are inevitable.
Some hazards are obvious and can be relatively easily assessed such as falling or drowning.
Some hazards can cause an immediate injury.
Some hazards can cause stillbirth, miscarriage, impaired fertility, or sterility.
All hazardous areas are well-marked.
Hazardous awareness is a basic part of any safety and health program.
Hazardous characteristics are mostly organics, metals and state regulated.
Hazardous chemical means any chemical which is a physical hazard or a health hazard.
Hazardous chemicals are chemical substances.
Hazardous chemicals are chemicals which have physical hazards or health hazards.
Hazardous chemicals are hazardous chemicals.
Hazardous chemicals can hurt the delicate lung tissues, making it harder to breathe.
Hazardous chemicals endanger the environment by contaminating our groundwater, lakes and oceans.
Hazardous chemicals endanger the health and safety of swimmers and marine life.
Hazardous chemicals Includes ten employee handbooks.
Hazardous chemicals require that employees follow special procedures for handling and storage.
Hazardous chemicals seep into water sources from previously buried dumping grounds.
Many hazardous chemicals are metabolized into reactive electrophilic forms by the human body.
Many hazardous chemicals can destroy the bacterial action in the septic system and drainfield.
Some hazardous chemicals cause pollution.
Hazardous comets are more difficult to detect than asteroids because of their speed, and distance.
Hazardous conditions can occur when blood contains either too little or too much glucose.
Hazardous conditions develop over time.
Hazardous conditions exist even when experienced people work on rim wheel assemblies.
Hazardous conditions exist in most workplaces.
Most hazardous conditions develop over time.
Hazardous constituents list.
Hazardous drugs are genotoxic, carcinogenic, teratogenic or cause developmental toxicity.
Hazardous equipment is no bargain.
Hazardous fog does appear in spring.
Hazardous gases produced in ethanol fires include carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
Hazardous gases produced in ethyl acetate fires include carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
Hazardous gases produced in fire include carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
Hazardous gases produced in fire include hydrogen cyanide, carbon monoxide, and oxides of nitrogen.
Hazardous material clean up is in the big picture in today's world.
Hazardous material is transported all over the country and it is done very safely.
Hazardous materials are a common and important part of our everyday life.
Hazardous materials are a problem because of the region's heavy industrialization.
Hazardous materials are an ever-present potential threat.
Hazardous materials are chemicals that are harmful to humans and to the environment.
Hazardous materials are common throughout our community.
Hazardous materials are commonplace in workplaces.
Hazardous materials are items closely monitored by state officials.
Hazardous materials are materials that pose a risk to people or to the environment.
Hazardous materials are part of our lives.
Hazardous materials are present in every community in the country.
Hazardous materials can be biological, chemical, or nuclear in nature.
Hazardous materials can be extremely dangerous to untrained employees.
Hazardous materials can be in the soil, the air, the water or can be part of the building itself.
Hazardous materials can be solids, liquids or gases and transported in a variety of containers.
Hazardous materials exist as a necessary fact of our life.
Hazardous materials permit holders.
Hazardous materials placed in the garbage can seriously injure sanitation workers.
Hazardous materials pose a risk to people or to the environment.
Hazardous materials present unique challenges to enforcement personnel and emergency responders.
Hazardous materials require careful handling, storage, and disposal.
Hazardous materials responder voluntary certification fund - created.
Most hazardous materials affect particular organs of the body.
Some hazardous materials are more difficult to avoid, such as vapors from gasoline.
Some hazardous materials are safety hazards and can cause fires or explosions.
Some hazardous materials have multiple risks and require more than one hazard label.
Some hazardous materials indicate proper disposal techniques on their labels.
Hazardous noise can be anything from loud music to the sounds of a lawn mower.
Hazardous occupations require safety shoes with reinforced toe caps of steel, fiber, or plastic.
Most hazardous pesticides used in scouted orchards are organophosphates, or organic phosphates.
Most hazardous practices take the form of unsafe shortcuts to accomplish a task.
Hazardous products can be deadly if used, stored or disposed of improperly.
Hazardous products can injure workers during collection, pollute local waterways and harm wildlife.
Hazardous products cause poisonings, severe burns, illness, blindness and even death.
Hazardous products have words such as danger, warning, caution and flammable on the label.
Hazardous products line our kitchen, bathroom, basement and garage shelves.
Many hazardous products can cause eye damage if splashed into the eye.
Many hazardous products can injure or kill on contact.
Hazardous property is classified as material or waste.
Many hazardous solvents have acceptable nonhazardous, biodegradable substitutes.
Hazardous substances are common in our daily lives.
Hazardous substances are essential parts of our daily lives.
Hazardous substances play important roles in our everyday quality of life.
Hazardous substances review .
Hazardous substances take their toll on the lives and health of individuals innocent to their risks.
Hazardous substances threaten the wetlands adjacent to Beaver Dam Creek.
All hazardous substances used in each work area are to be identified and inventoried.
Some hazardous substances dissolve very slowly in water.
Some hazardous substances used in spray painting are also a fire or explosion risk.
Hazardous vehicles are subject to towing at the owner's expense.
Hazardous voltage can cause death or serious injury.
Hazardous waste can be a liquid, solid or sludge that is a by-product of a manufacturing process.
Hazardous waste can cause injury or illness to the public, utility employees and wildlife.
Hazardous waste can kill the bacteria that degrades the waste.
Hazardous waste can leak into water supplies or cause air pollution, or both.
Hazardous waste comes from a wide variety of sources, and from both present and past activities.
Hazardous waste comes in many forms.
Hazardous waste costs about twenty times more to dispose of than solid waste.
Hazardous waste generated from nuclear power plants pollutes our land, air, and water.
Hazardous waste includes materials such as paints, poisons, and corrosives.
Hazardous waste is a large and growing problem.
Hazardous waste is a ubiquitous problem, affecting both developed and developing countries.
Hazardous waste is accepted by appointment only.
Hazardous waste is accepted from households only.
Hazardous waste is also a concern.
Hazardous waste is an example of one item that can be put in Other Charges.
Hazardous waste is another area where government policies discourage recycling.
Hazardous waste is another.
Hazardous waste is any hazardous substance that is unwanted or no longer serves a purpose.
Hazardous waste is categorized into two types.
Hazardous waste is defined in ch.
Hazardous waste is expensive to manage and poses threats to the environment.
Hazardous waste is expensive.
Hazardous waste is generated in the paint areas.
Hazardous waste is identified by one of two ways.
Hazardous waste is minimized when organic solvents are disposed of in a waste collection carboy.
Hazardous waste is packaged in drums and stored awaiting treatment and disposal.
Hazardous waste is sited above ground or in specially constructed dikes or trenches.
Hazardous waste is the business of the commercial hazardous waste management industry.
Hazardous waste is unusable hazardous material that results from the activities of human society.
Hazardous waste made up of liquids containing oil and water are very common.
Hazardous waste produced on site includes lead-asbestos dust, metals and solvents.
Hazardous wastes are a subset of solid wastes.
Hazardous wastes are dangerous chemicals.
Hazardous wastes are difficult to detect.
Hazardous wastes are subject to federal and state management requirements.
Hazardous wastes are unusable or unwanted hazardous materials.
Hazardous wastes can also be corrosive.
Hazardous wastes can be either liquid, solid or gas.
Hazardous wastes can be liquid, solid, or sludge.
Hazardous wastes can be liquids, solids, or sludges.
Hazardous wastes can cause cancer and nerve damage and pollute drinking water supplies.
Hazardous wastes pose a danger to humans or other living organisms.
Hazardous wastes pose a risk to humans, animals and the environment.
Hazardous wastes pose real threats to people and the environment.
Hazardous wastes pose special problems.
Hazardous wastes require special disposal.
Hazardous wastes require special handling.
Hazardous wastes result when the mixing vessels, let-down tanks, and lines are cleaned.
All hazardous waste is brokered and disposed of by appropriate commercial facilities.
All hazardous waste is managed properly.
Some hazardous waste creates emergency situations.
Some hazardous waste creates hazardous emergency situations.
Some hazardous waste creates hazardous situations.
Some hazardous waste creates situations.
Some hazardous waste is recycled into usable products.
Hazardous weather can creep up in a hurry.
Hazards identification is connected with the definition of the work.
Haze conditions vary across the country.
Haze fluid is odorless and leaves no residue when used properly.
Haze machines are what create the looks in clubs and at concerts.
Haze measurements can also reveal the anisotropy of the scratch direction.
Hazel Creek can boast of one of the park's few beaver colonies.
Hazel Creek has one of the loftiest tributary systems in the park.
Hazel dormouses have brown fur.
Hazel dormouses have fur.
Hazel dormouses require food.
Most hazel dormouses have brown fur.
Most hazel dormouses have fur.
Most hazel dormouses require food.
Hazel nuts provide diets.
Hazel nuts provide rich diets.
Most hazel nuts provide diets.
Most hazel nuts provide rich diets.
Hazel is wood
Hazels are small nuts.
Hazelnut oil is absorbed even more quickly by the skin and is a fine choice for cosmetic products.
Hazelnut oil is pressed from hazelnuts.
Hazelnut oil makes a good astringent facial toner, and is said to stimulate circulation.
A hazelnut tree is a nut tree
Hazelnut trees are the only exception to spraying during the winter.
Hazelnut trees require cross pollination from a different hazelnut cultivar to produce a nut crop.
Hazelnut trees thrive on the mild valley winters.
A hazelnut is a nut
Hazelnut creamers on Tubby.
Hazelnut is a much tougher wood than willow.
Hazelnut is our most popular choice.
Hazelnuts also tend to be pricey and scarce, but they, too, can be substituted.
Hazelnuts are a dessert favorite.
Hazelnuts are alternate year bearing crops and they seem to have a big crop every other year.
Hazelnuts are believed to have originated in Asia, then extended into Europe.
Hazelnuts are edible fruit.
Hazelnuts are fruit.
Hazelnuts are great as well.
Hazelnuts are high in sitosterol, although the levels of plant sterols vary between cultivars.
Hazelnuts are high in vitamin E and folic acid.
Hazelnuts are native to most of the Northern Hemisphere.
Hazelnuts are now a memory.
Hazelnuts are nut trees.
Hazelnuts are nutritious.
Hazelnuts are nuts.
Hazelnuts are part of hazelnuts.
Hazelnuts are resistant to flood and drought, and have few disease problems or serious pests.
Hazelnuts are rich in minerals and folic acid.
Hazelnuts are very susceptible to wood rot fungus.
Hazelnuts contain magnesium and folic acid.
Hazelnuts contain no cholesterol.
Hazelnuts grow in large clusters on hazel trees and turn chocolate brown when ready.
Hazelnuts grow on small, bushy trees.
Hazelnuts have a distinct flavor and there are many varieties that are roasted or eaten raw.
Hazelnuts provide the highest level of folic acid in the nut family.
Hazelnuts signify that they are ready for harvest by falling from the tree.
Hazelwood Park is directly across the road for picnicking and recreati onal activities .
Hazelwood Park is directly across the road for picnicking and recreational activities.
A hazelwood is gum
Hazelwoods still live there.
Hazratbal militants surrender peacefully.
Hazy accounting obscures some big expenses and thus understates losses.
Hazy days are okay.
Hazy days can be just as harmful as bright days since the sun's rays penetrate overcast skies.
Hazy gaols produce hazy results.
Hazy goals produce hazy results.
Hazy ideas coagulate rapidly into purpose at open days.
Hazy language leads to hazy thinking.
Hazy light enters the cage.
Hazy mist rolls over the dew covered ground.
Hazy wine indicates some kind of malady and suggests an uncharacteristic taste is likely.
HCA programs serve the entire community including children, families and seniors.
HCA services help the consumer to be more independent.
HCA wizards create objects with reasonable defaults.
All HCIS clients have unlimited access to our support team.
HCLD certification is preferred.
HCPF staff are star players on the state team.
HDB flats start to look beautiful and majestic.
HDC workers place the specified number of parts that go in each bag on a divided area.
Most HDML sites are text only, and most phones are only capable of receiving and displaying text.
HDSA companies are to be given fair opportunity to acquire ownership in such facilities.
HDV infection is seen mainly in Central Africa, the Middle East and central South America.
HDV infection is transmitted by blood and blood products.
HDV research offers several unique and tantalizing problems in cell and molecular biology.
Head butts can be extremely effective as well.
Head coach is hard enough.
Head coach is penalized.
All head coaches are responsible for their rosters.
Every head coach chooses how far they've gotta go.
Head cold is cold
Head colds are a bain.
Head colds develop easily into pneumonia and many cases have nose and sinus problems.
All head cover is to be removed within the center unless culturally required.
A head crash is a crash
Head crash is a catastrophic failure condition and causes permanent damage and loss of data.
Head crashes make sounds .
Head crashes make sounds.
All head injuries are potentially serious.
Many head injuries are mild, and symptoms usually disappear over time with proper attention.
Many head injuries cause injury to the tips of the frontal and temporal lobes.
Most head injuries are mild, but there are still many people left with longlasting problems.
Most head injuries are minor.
Most head injuries are thankfully minor in nature.
Most head injuries happen when people stand too close to a golfer and get hit by a golf club.
Some head injuries cause fractures.
Some head injuries result in prolonged or non-reversible brain damage.
A head lice is infestation
Head lice are about the size of sesame seeds.
Head lice are called ectoparasites because they live on the exterior of their host.
Head lice are clear in color when hatched, then quickly develop a reddish-brown color after feeding.
Head lice are clear in color when hatched.
Head lice are common among young children.
Head lice are common in child care situations and in school-aged children.
Head lice are completely dependent on human blood, which they suck from bite wounds in the scalp.
Head lice are completely dependent on human heads for warmth and food.
Head lice are different from scabies and from pubic lice.
Head lice are easier to detect on wet hair.
Head lice are embarrassing, irritating, itchy, painful, etc.
Head lice are equal-opportunity parasites.
Head lice are extremely tiny critters than can only live on a human head.
Head lice are fairly common in school children.
Head lice are familiar to many parents of elementary aged children.
Head lice are found worldwide.
Head lice are frequently a very frustrating problem.
Head lice are frustrating, a nuisance and very communicable.
Head lice are generally more common in the U.S. than body lice.
Head lice are gray insects about the size of a sesame seed who are blood-sucking parasites.
Head lice are grayish-white, and no bigger than sesame seeds.
Head lice are highly communicable, particularly in young children, and can be difficult to prevent.
Head lice are highly contagious and are spread from one child to another through direct contact.
Head lice are incapable of flying or jumping but can crawl fairly rapidly.
Head lice are insects that live on the human head.
Head lice are insects that live on the human scalp and feed on blood by biting the scalp.
Head lice are insects that suck blood from the scalp and attach their eggs to hairs.
Head lice are little insects that live in hair and lay eggs known as nits.
Head lice are nothing to be ashamed of.
Head lice are one of the hazards of the profession.
Head lice are parasites - very small bugs.
Head lice are parasites that are about the size of a sesame seed.
Head lice are parasites that feed by piercing the scalp and sucking blood.
Head lice are parasitic insects found on the heads of people.
Head lice are parasitic insects that infest the head.
Head lice are parasitic insects that live on human scalps.
Head lice are preventable.
Head lice are secondary vectors.
Head lice are small but can be seen by the naked eye.
Head lice are small flat insects about two to three mm long that breed all year round.
Head lice are small grayish-white to rust colored wingless insects.
Head lice are small insects that live in the scalp by periodically biting and sucking blood.
Head lice are small insects which live in the scalp by periodically biting and sucking blood.
Head lice are small parasitic insects found on the heads of people.
Head lice are small, flat-bodied insects with six legs.
Head lice are small, parasitic insects that are gray or brownish and wingless.
Head lice are small, wingless insects that live, breed and feed on the human scalp.
Head lice are small, wingless insects which feed on human blood.
Head lice are small, wingless parasitic insects.
Head lice are specific to humans.
Head lice are spread by direct contact with the hair of an infested person.
Head lice are spread most commonly by direct contact with the hair of an infested person.
Head lice are stubborn little insects that live in human hair and feed on blood through the scalp.
Head lice are tenacious little insects and they've been around for thousands of years.
Head lice are tiny creatures - about the size of a pinhead.
Head lice are tiny insects smaller than sesame seeds that live on the scalp.
Head lice are tiny insects that are light grey to brown in color.
Head lice are tiny insects that lay eggs in the human scalp and live on blood.
Head lice are tiny insects that lay eggs, or nits, that stick to hair very close to the scalp.
Head lice are tiny insects that live on animal or human hair.
Head lice are tiny insects that live on the human scalp and feed on blood.
Head lice are tiny insects that live on the scalp, where they lay eggs.
Head lice are tiny insects that live on the scalp.
Head lice are tiny insects that live only on people's scalp and hair.
Head lice are tiny insects that live primarily on the head and scalp.
Head lice are tiny parasites that are smaller than a sesame seed.
Head lice are tiny parasites that live on the human head.
Head lice are tiny wingless insects.
Head lice are tiny, light brown insects that have claws at the end of their legs.
Head lice are unpleasant but can be treated relatively easily.
Head lice are very common among all classes of people.
Head lice are very common in groups, especially children.
Head lice are very common.
Head lice are very contagious.
Head lice are very easy to get and can occur in any family.
Head lice are very rare among American blacks.
Head lice are very small insects which live on the scalp of human beings.
Head lice are very small, brown or tan insects.
Head lice are wingless parasites that live on the scalp.
Head lice can affect anyone, rich or poor, young or old, male or female.
Head lice can also survive for short times on bedding and furniture.
Head lice can be hard to see.
Head lice can cause other, more serious infections if they are left untreated.
Head lice can come back again and again.
Head lice can effect clean or dirty hair.
Head lice can infect hats, brushes, carseats or house upholstery.
Head lice can infest anyone due to their communicable mode of transmission.
Head lice can infest anyone, regardless of personal hygiene.
Head lice can infest anyone.
Head lice can occur at any age and to either sex . . .
Head lice can occur at any age, and to either sex.
Head lice can quickly spread through a classroom, especially with young children.
Head lice can spread as long as lice or eggs remain alive on the infested person or clothing.
Head lice can survive off the host two to three days.
Head lice can survive on the scalp for about three weeks.
Head lice can survive three to four days once dislodged from the host.
Head lice do indeed occur world-wide .
Head lice have claws especially adapted for clinging to hair shafts.
Head lice have little real medical impact.
Head lice have very sharp claws that dig into the scalp and hold on tight.
Head lice infect the scalp hair and are easiest to see at the nape of the neck and over the ears.
Head lice is also very contagious.
Head lice is prevalent year round.
Head lice is probably the most common hair and scalp ailment worldwide.
Head lice is transferred between persons who share items such as hats, hairbrushes, combs, or wigs.
Head lice knows no boundaries and affect any and all individuals.
Head lice live in the hair and bite the scalp to suck blood.
Head lice live in the hair and come down to the scalp to feed by sucking blood .
Head lice live only on human beings.
Head lice live only on people's scalp or hair.
Head lice occur primarily around the ears and back of the head.
Head lice occurs in all socio-economic groups and in the cleanest of homes.
Head lice pose two problems that plague parents.
Head lice prefer a clean, healthy scalp, adult or child.
Head lice prefer human heads and there are other strains of lice and fleas that affect pets.
Head lice require warm, humid environment of the human scalp for survival.
Head lice requires treatment and removal of all nits before a student can return to school.
Head lice restrict their activities to unclean houses, unclean heads, and unsavory sorts of folks.
Head lice seek warm temperatures, so they stay close to the scalp.
Some head lice get food.
Head louses are illnesses.
Head louses are insects.
Head louses are louses.
Heads of government are a different story.
Heads of state are leaders.
Heads of state are political figures.
Heads of state are politicians.
Heads of state are public officials.
Heads of state are representatives.
Heads of state are subjects, like anyone else, to the gospel mandate of justice and charity.
Heads of state visiting Canada have the standard of their office displayed next.
Many heads of state are also in attendance.
Heads of states have ambassadors.
Many heads of states seek help from clairvoyants.
Head restraint is a cushion
All head restraints lock into place.
Some head restraint is part of ambulances.
Some head restraint is part of automobiles.
Some head restraint is part of autos.
Some head restraint is part of cars.
Some head restraint is part of taxis.
Some head restraints are better than others.
Head sets are particularly beneficial for people who work on the phone and computer simultaneously.
Some head shapes require more fiddling with fitting pads and straps.
Many head stones are over one hundred years old.
A head teacher is an educator
All head teachers have a degree in education.
Head trauma can affect anyone at any age.
Head trauma can cause sudden loss of the ability to smell.
Head trauma can induce bleeding inside of the skull, with potential serious consequences.
Head trauma creates lipid peroxidation.
Head trauma is also easy to miss if no obvious symptoms are present.
Head words are part of phrases.
Any head work is extra service from engine overhaul.
A head is a body part
Head facing left, right arm down and behind, hilt of sword in right hand.
Head isa body part.
Head moves side to side when legs move.
Head moves side to side.
Head start for children.
Head start preschool.
Head start programs.
Head thrashing significantly reduces transfer rates and reduces drive life.
Heads affected by stinking smut fungus have a distinct blue cast.
Heads also spray the strip between rolling stands.
Heads appear from under the heavy oak tables.
Heads are a light red to pinkish color that really stand out in arrangements.
Heads are a set of ported Wenzlers with stainless valves and silicon guides.
Heads are adjustable for tension and feel.
Heads are also choice items.
Heads are anatomies.
Heads are available in a variety of colors and popular track styles.
Heads are available that measure the power-averaged wavelength of laser sources.
Heads are available to create full circles of water or just a portion.
Heads are below deck and offer running water and flush toilets.
Heads are bent together in deeply-focused observation or discussion.
Heads are body parts.
Heads are busy people.
Heads are capable of aches.
Heads are clavate, apically awnletted and white chaffed.
Heads are companies.
Heads are computer milled from a single block of steel for a precise, clean set-up.
Heads are connected by joints.
Heads are cut off after the stalks are quite dry but before fall or winter rains come.
Heads are different, hair is different, and strap adjustment is very different.
Heads are disposed in spikes.
Heads are domestic animals.
Heads are down in the clubhouse.
Heads are drug users.
Heads are elsewhere.
Heads are fairly compact and light green in color.
Heads are foam.
Heads are formations.
Heads are fusiform, awnletted, yellow, and mid-dense.
Heads are happier.
Heads are heavy.
Heads are hot forged for a higher tensile strength.
Heads are individuals.
Heads are inexpensive, cast further, sink faster, and allow the quick changing of line densities.
Heads are lead filled and hammered for solidity.
Heads are leaders.
Heads are less densely packed, and leaves are much thinner than in cabbage.
Heads are light green, the lightest color of all the romaines, and are uniform, quick growers.
Heads are light tan, mid dense, and awnletted.
Heads are located in bodies.
Heads are located in helmets.
Heads are located in human bodies.
Heads are located in necks.
Heads are located in ships.
Heads are located in submarines.
Heads are loose.
Heads are low with thoughts again of that blasted plate.
Heads are medium green in colour and have small to medium sized beads.
Heads are mid-dense and awnletted.
Heads are mid-dense, tapering and awnletted.
Heads are mostly featherless.
Heads are near round to oblate at harvest.
Heads are non-existent.
Heads are numerous, and occur in terminal corymb-like clusters.
Heads are objects.
Heads are of a distinctive shape.
Heads are of ribbed cotton which is starched, pressed in a mold, stuffed, and painted.
Heads are often darker than the body.
Heads are on right, strong workers, the best, the best.
Heads are only the size of a tennis ball.
Heads are part of abscess.
Heads are part of animals.
Heads are part of bodies.
Heads are part of bolts.
Heads are part of coin.
Heads are part of hammers.
Heads are part of human bodies.
Heads are part of matchs.
Heads are part of nails.
Heads are part of penises.
Heads are part of people.
Heads are part of pins.
Heads are part of rams.
Heads are part of screws.
Heads are part of skeletal muscles.
Heads are points.
Heads are pressure.
Heads are projections.
Heads are ready to cure when the backside of the head is brown and dry, with no trace of green.
Heads are round and mask-like, with carefully defined features and precise carving.
Heads are slightly smaller than average.
Heads are small and brown.
Heads are small with a straight profile.
Heads are small with hairless faces.
Heads are smaller than normal in some areas.
Heads are smaller than normal.
Heads are solid and very tight.
Heads are solid ash, bar is solid oak.
Heads are solid objects.
Heads are sometimes dried and the skin and skeleton with muscle remnants is processed into fishmeal.
Heads are spacious with a hot and cold shower.
Heads are spherical or hemispherical with a few hairs or hairless.
Heads are strikers.
Heads are structures.
Heads are sure to turn.
Heads are the same for both size handles.
Heads are the single biggest area to gain power in a stock smog era small block.
Heads are toilets.
Heads are tops.
Heads are unnumbered.
Heads are up forward beyond the bulkhead.
Heads are usable when they are reasonably firm.
Heads are used for accumulate knowledge.
Heads are used for beginnings.
Heads are used for central control.
Heads are used for hats.
Heads are used for sensory organs.
Heads are used for thinking.
Heads are used for thinks.
Heads are words.
Heads automatically create space above and below.
Heads become discolored and develop an undesirable flavor when exposed to sunlight.
Heads begin to roll.
Heads begin to turn.
Heads bounce to the beat.
Heads bow for a moment of silence.
Heads bow for an opening prayer.
Heads bow, whether in inward reflection or in concentration on the everyday.
Heads can be extremely compact and low profile.
Heads carved from wood are probably the most satisfactory of all from an artists point of view.
Heads come complete with a basin and either a shower or tub.
Heads come complete with a basin and tub.
Heads come in all shapes and sizes and so do riding helmets.
Heads come in all sizes, and in a surprising variety of shapes.
Heads come off and roll down hills and away from bodies.
Heads comes up at least twice.
Heads comes up more often than tails.
Heads consist of compound eyes.
Heads consist of eyes.
Heads consist of huge compound eyes.
Heads consist of numerous disc flowers, but usually lack ray flowers .
Heads contain a lot of things like bones, cartiledge, muscle, and brains.
Heads contain brains.
Heads contain compound eyes.
Heads contain compounds.
Heads contain develop brains.
Heads contain eyes.
Heads contain substances.
Heads contain third eyes.
Heads detect danger.
Heads discreetly turn away from the impact of sex and violence in the entertainment media.
Heads do pop off.
Heads do turn as the hybrid scooter cruises European streets.
Heads fall back into their opposite place as they swing.
Heads feature electric flush toilets, and have separate shower stalls.
Heads fill poorly.
Heads fit many drum brakes.
Heads fly everywhere, but there is surprisingly little blood.
Heads get much more done.
Heads get unzipped, peanuts are eaten, and razors come into play.
Heads globose, long-peduncled.
Heads go down with each change and the eternal re-invention begins again.
Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins fall over gently onto their backs.
Heads grow less than legs and feet.
Heads hang, tongues hang, limbs hang, carcasses hang.
Heads have (part) beard.
Heads have (part) bone cells.
Heads have (part) brain cells.
Heads have (part) brains.
Heads have (part) brainstems.
Heads have (part) brows.
Heads have (part) cheek.
Heads have (part) chins.
Heads have (part) corpi.
Heads have (part) craniums.
Heads have (part) eardrums.
Heads have (part) ears.
Heads have (part) eye sockets.
Heads have (part) eyebrows.
Heads have (part) eyes.
Heads have (part) faces.
Heads have (part) foreheads.
Heads have (part) ground substances.
Heads have (part) jaws.
Heads have (part) lobes.
Heads have (part) marrow.
Heads have (part) mast cells.
Heads have (part) skulls.
Heads have (part) snouts.
Heads have (part) ventricles.
Heads have appearances.
Heads have black spots.
Heads have blue spots.
Heads have brains.
Heads have bulge foreheads.
Heads have capacity.
Heads have cheek.
Heads have compound eyes.
Heads have dark centers and semi-double petals.
Heads have details.
Heads have ears.
Heads have exceptional details.
Heads have eyes.
Heads have faces.
Heads have features.
Heads have flow capacity.
Heads have foreheads.
Heads have information.
Heads have jaws.
Heads have large jaws.
Heads have lips.
Heads have long black noses.
Heads have long noses.
Heads have mandibles.
Heads have necks.
Heads have noses.
Heads have organs.
Heads have pale blue spots.
Heads have pale spots.
Heads have prominent terminal buds surrounded by short, loosely clustered branches.
Heads have red eyes.
Heads have sense organs.
Heads have shapes.
Heads have sharp mandibles.
Heads have short necks.
Heads have spots.
Heads have structures.
Heads have teeth.
Heads have tiny organs.
Heads have to be removed to make swingweight adjustments.
Heads have to roll, scapegoats have to be found.
Heads have triangular black spots.
Heads have triangular shapes.
Heads have triangular spots.
Heads have upper jaws.
Heads hit pillows.
Heads is a collection of silly faces and upper torsos.
Heads is one of only two possible outcomes.
Heads is true and tails is false.
Heads is Yes.
Heads keep for about a week in the fridge.
Heads lift from half-finished novels.
Heads lop off, blood sprays and generally it all looks pretty realistic.
Heads made of steel have just the right size and strength to get through any rough.
Heads means one assumed control.
Heads means true, tails means false.
Heads means two spaces and tails is one.
Heads ought to roll.
Heads pedunculate, in a loose panicle.
Heads peek out of doors and windows to see the stunt plane.
Heads peer from doors and windows and the men start to come out of the Tavern.
Heads point noses.
Heads poke out of tents.
Heads pop up.
Heads protect eyes.
Heads provide accents or can be cut off with the bolt cutter.
Heads radiate, corymbed, on slender peduncles.
Heads refer to leadership, to governments and to ruling.
Heads represent potential dropping spots.
Heads represents a dominant allele , tails represents a recessive allele .
Heads rest on legs and stomachs.
Heads rhythmically dart in and out of the group to eyeball the subjects.
Heads ripen prematurely and are bleached white and sterile.
Heads roll and keep on rolling, almost sadistically.
Heads roll and the streets of Paris are awash with blood.
Heads roll and weave, comprehension heightened to dangerous and seditious degrees.
Heads roll at upper management.
Heads roll down hills and lots of blood splatters from freshly cut wounds.
Heads SE along the Siberian coast.
Heads secrete digestive fluid.
Heads secrete fluid.
Heads shake in confusion, the press titters while the din below escalates.
Heads shake in disbelief.
Heads share evaluations with unclassified personnel.
Heads spin on top of bodies.
Heads stare up, across.
Heads then walk to the corner of the square and sides walk to the center.
Heads turn and nod . . .
Heads turn and onlookers want to know where they can get the product.
Heads turn everywhere.
Heads turn to greet the new arrivals.
Heads turn to see a particularly drunken cornet player swaying in the doorway of the bus.
Heads turn towards the giant monitor.
Heads turn whenever it is in motion.
Heads turn, but hands look like oven mitts.
Heads turn, emails pour in, the phone rings, and so does the cash register.
Heads turn, people fall silent, eyebrows rise in expectation.
Heads turn, production crews stop their noisy work.
Heads weave back and forth.
Heads win, sir.
Heads work well on the flat points above the discharge.
Heads often taste bitter.
Heads usually start turning only when the attack is over.
All head covers feature a deluxe fur head for both regular and oversized drivers.
All head shots, all instant kills.
All heads are available in white only.
All heads are eury-, pseudodolichomorphic.
All heads are free today.
All heads are in stock and ready for immediate shipping unless specified otherwise.
All heads are interchangeable and expandable and can be mixed and matched for maximum performance.
All heads get new seats, guides, and new exhaust valves, reground on the intake valves.
All heads have timers.
All heads means a yang line changing into yin.
All heads mount in a quick and easy way that retains all factory articulation.
All heads stop and turn.
All heads turn in the direction of a hotel that appears to be burning in one area.
All heads turn to stare at the brainy editor.
All heads turn toward the offending other group.
All heads turn.
Every head is a step in that direction.
Every head is a world.
Every head is accompanied by a helpful identifying label.
Every head is ailing, And every heart is sick.
Every head is perfect,every time.
Every head looks up in shock.
Many heads are better than a few.
Many heads are better than a lonely one.
Many heads are better than just one.
Many heads are better than one.
More head aches.
More head is usually better because the system uses less water and the equipment can be smaller.
More heads are better than one .
More heads are better than one.
More heads generate more ideas.
Most heads are connected by joints.
Most heads are only too happy to make copies for anyone who asks.
Most heads consist of compound eyes.
Most heads consist of eyes.
Most heads consist of huge compound eyes.
Most heads contain brains.
Most heads contain compound eyes.
Most heads contain compounds.
Most heads contain develop brains.
Most heads contain eyes.
Most heads contain substances.
Most heads contain third eyes.
Most heads detect danger.
Most heads have appearances.
Most heads have black spots.
Most heads have blue spots.
Most heads have brains.
Most heads have bulge foreheads.
Most heads have capacity.
Most heads have cheek.
Most heads have compound eyes.
Most heads have details.
Most heads have ears.
Most heads have exceptional details.
Most heads have eyes.
Most heads have features.
Most heads have flow capacity.
Most heads have foreheads.
Most heads have jaws.
Most heads have large jaws.
Most heads have lips.
Most heads have little to no visible use or prior sharpening.
Most heads have long black noses.
Most heads have long noses.
Most heads have mandibles.
Most heads have necks.
Most heads have noses.
Most heads have organs.
Most heads have pale spots.
Most heads have red eyes.
Most heads have sense organs.
Most heads have shapes.
Most heads have sharp mandibles.
Most heads have short necks.
Most heads have spots.
Most heads have structures.
Most heads have teeth.
Most heads have tiny organs.
Most heads have triangular black spots.
Most heads have triangular shapes.
Most heads have triangular spots.
Most heads have upper jaws.
Most heads protect eyes.
Most heads secrete digestive fluid.
Most heads spin a single line, but some have two lines, one from each side.
Most heads twist off.
Some heads are nervous.
Some heads are nodding.
Some heads are quite durable, but others are disappointingly fragile.
Some heads boast long hair, for both men and women.
Some heads can communticate better, some arms can lift more, and some hands can grasp odd objects.
Some heads close mouths.
Some heads consist of beaks.
Some heads contain chromatin.
Some heads contain genetic materials.
Some heads contain hormones.
Some heads contain materials.
Some heads contain nuclei.
Some heads cover gills.
Some heads cover with dark feathers.
Some heads cover with feathers.
Some heads detect emissions.
Some heads detect weak emissions.
Some heads feature proboscises.
Some heads feature prominent proboscises.
Some heads grow from seeds.
Some heads have alcohol.
Some heads have an off-set design relative to the shaft.
Some heads have antennas.
Some heads have bands.
Some heads have beaks.
Some heads have cavities.
Some heads have crests.
Some heads have dark muzzles.
Some heads have discs.
Some heads have flat plates.
Some heads have flavour.
Some heads have good night vision, others have acute hearing.
Some heads have horns.
Some heads have ivory.
Some heads have jobs.
Some heads have large cavities.
Some heads have mouths.
Some heads have muzzles.
Some heads have plates.
Some heads have power.
Some heads have protective plates.
Some heads have sharp beaks.
Some heads have short muzzles.
Some heads have wounds.
Some heads hit stools.
Some heads look like flowers.
Some heads look like single flowers.
Some heads manage by making few or no decisions.
Some heads move fingers.
Some heads pass through birth canals.
Some heads pass through canals.
Some heads penetrate skulls.
Some heads produce enzymes.
Some heads rest on tops.
Some heads take the reversed image that all biology people know and correct it.
Some heads touch spines.
Some heads touch surfaces.
Headache disorders are an enormous public health problem.
Headache disorders can exist without any obvious structural or metabolic cause.
A headache is a stimulus
Headache begins in the morning, gets worse during the day, and lasts until evening.
Headache begins when they widen again.
Headache continues to give trouble, till the pre-headache state is regained.
Headache following infusion is a possible side effect.
Headache isa pain.
Headache occurs after trauma.
Headache occurs in only a small percentage of patients.
Headache occurs with exertion, sexual activity, coughing, or sneezing.
Headache starts on one side of the head.
Headache tends to abate as blood pressure lowers.
Headache tends to gradually improve after menopause.
Headache warrants careful medical evaluation and treatment.
Headaches abound, but all moves apace.
Headaches also are a potential side effect of most medications.
Headaches also can be a symptom of certain types of strokes.
Headaches are a big thing.
Headaches are a common complaint.
Headaches are a common occurrence and have a variety of causes.
Headaches are a common problem in children and adults.
Headaches are a common symptom of jaw joint problems.
Headaches are a common symptom of the flu.
Headaches are a common symptom.
Headaches are a major feature of lupus and often precedes diagnosis by many years.
Headaches are a major reason people go for an eye examination.
Headaches are a real pain.
Headaches are a signal that something is wrong.
Headaches are a small portion of the difficulties encountered in treating brain tumors.
Headaches are a thing of the past.
Headaches are a very common health problem.
Headaches are aches.
Headaches are actually more often a sign of other eye problems.
Headaches are also quite common.
Headaches are always, well, a pain in the head.
Headaches are an early symptom in about one-third of patients.
Headaches are another common complaint made by people who suffer from stress.
Headaches are another common complaint.
Headaches are caused by excessive pressure.
Headaches are caused by pressure.
Headaches are common concerns among college students.
Headaches are common due to stress and excessive heat, as well as automobile exhaust fumes.
Headaches are common with nausea.
Headaches are daily.
Headaches are different for everyone.
Headaches are exceedingly common.
Headaches are frequent.
Headaches are frequently a spin-off and symptom of dirty blood.
Headaches are generally an acute manifestation of another condition.
Headaches are good, cramping is normal.
Headaches are hard to live with.
Headaches are infrequent.
Headaches are just one of the symptoms of bad sleeping habits.
Headaches are just one result of too much copper.
Headaches are just one sign of such an imbalance.
Headaches are like the common cold.
Headaches are more frequent now.
Headaches are more severe than in acute mountain sickness.
Headaches are more than simple pain.
Headaches are mostly due to muscular tension in the head, neck, or shoulders.
Headaches are now a thing of the past.
Headaches are often one-sided.
Headaches are often simply a toxic body.
Headaches are often worst before the menstrual period and better once the flow begins.
Headaches are one of the biggest reasons people seek health care.
Headaches are one of the most common causes of human misery.
Headaches are one of the most common conditions seen by doctors.
Headaches are one of the most common health problems today.
Headaches are one of the most common human complaints.
Headaches are only one common example.
Headaches are our number one pain problem in the Untied States.
Headaches are prevalent due to tension and failure to relax.
Headaches are probable.
Headaches are probably the most frequent complaint after a stroke.
Headaches are quick to come and slow to leave.
Headaches are quite common in childhood.
Headaches are remarkably treatable.
Headaches are signs indicating that the body is under stress.
Headaches are standard faire.
Headaches are subarchnoid hemorrages until proven otherwise.
Headaches are the most common effects from overexposure.
Headaches are the most common of all neurological complaints.
Headaches are the most common pain problem seen in family practice.
Headaches are the most common presenting symptom for patients with brain tumors.
Headaches are the most common symptom followed by vomiting.
Headaches are the result of physical changes.
Headaches are the seventh most frequent complaint made to physicians.
Headaches are usually due to pressure in the brain.
Headaches are virtually a thing of the past.
Headaches are worse from heat and better from cold applications.
Headaches associated with joint and muscle strain are common symptoms associated with bruxism.
Headaches become frequent.
Headaches become increasingly worse over a period of weeks or months.
Headaches become less frequent and lesssevere.
Headaches become totally disabling for a small number of sufferers.
Headaches can also be a side effect.
Headaches can also occur as the brain gets used to burning fat instead of glucose for fuel.
Headaches can also occur, which can be made worse by vomiting and dehydration.
Headaches can be a signal of serious disease.
Headaches can be intense.
Headaches can be mild, tension caused, or the migraine, the most painful.
Headaches can be the first sign of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Headaches can be very mild or excruciating.
Headaches can become more frequent t menopause and estrogen can bring relief.
Headaches can definitely create some problems with our holiday plans.
Headaches can occur because of many different problems.
Headaches can occur during the dive and remain for several hours after.
Headaches can occur suddenly, remain from hours to days, and disappear as suddenly as they came.
Headaches can often mask more serious underlying health conditions.
Headaches can originate in a number of different structures around the head and neck.
Headaches can result from glare associated with excessive sunlight.
Headaches can result from successive short-term exposures to uncomfortable noise levels.
Headaches can vary from mild to severe.
Headaches cause deficits in some neurotransmitters having to do with memory storage.
Headaches caused by diseases are the least common cause of headache.
Headaches caused by eye disease are unique in their symptoms and types of pain.
Headaches caused by muscle tension try a Sandalwood compress across neck.
Headaches caused by sinus disease are so rare that they are the least likely cause of a headache.
Headaches come and go and their duration is short or seemingly forever.
Headaches come back at times but are getting better.
Headaches come in all different varieties.
Headaches come in attacks with variable symptom-free periods between attacks.
Headaches come in icy flavors.
Headaches come in several varieties, but the most common types are tension and migraine.
Headaches come often and uninvited.
Headaches come on with vertigo.
Headaches continue with visual loss continuing to deteriroate.
Headaches dramatically affect lives.
Headaches Drink lots of water.
Headaches Drink plenty of fluids.
Headaches go along with business ownership, but there's also a lot of satisfaction in it.
Headaches have a tendency to run in families.
Headaches have a wide variety of causes.
Headaches have many causes.
Headaches have one thing in common.
Headaches have to be managed, as does the 'flu.
Headaches increase in frequency and severity, often worse on waking in the morning.
Headaches Keeping their maiden names exposes women to social pressure.
Headaches Learn about the different types of headaches.
Headaches occur at ages.
Headaches occur essentially every day.
Headaches occur every day, but only after the above actions.
Headaches occur from temporary loss of spinal fluid.
Headaches occur in a patient who uses immediate-relief medications very frequently.
Headaches occur in the temporal area, back of the head area, or the shoulder area.
Headaches occur less frequently as people age.
Headaches occur three to four times a week.
Headaches related to cough, exercise, or sexual activity are similarly of unclear origin.
Headaches related to menopause appear to be more common.
Headaches remedy vary from herbs, vitamins, to exercise.
Headaches represent another typical symptom of everyday life, and minor illnesses.
Headaches still suck.
Headaches strike women more often than men.
Headaches Take a warm bath or shower.
Headaches typically last a few hours or less and are relieved by ordinary pain medication.
Headaches vary in severity and frequency.
Headaches often appear centered around the eyes or behind the eyes.
Headaches often begin with dim vision.
Headaches often come before or immediately after a rage attack.
Headaches often foretell a change of weather in persons subject to such complaints.
Headaches often precede more serious forms of heat illness.
Headaches often recur and can seriously disrupt a person's life.
Headaches sometimes feel like a nail driven into the side of the head.
Headaches usually occur on daily basis and are frequently resistant to treatment.
Headaches usually represent an inner conflict .
Headaches usually start during the aura or shortly after the aura stops.
All headaches are probably fundamentally very similar.
All headaches really are symptoms of muscle tensions, worries, migraine or physical problems.
Every headache has a cause.
Many headaches are a direct result of compressing nerve endings in the subfoot.
Many headaches are actually due to bite problems.
Many headaches begin during sleep.
More headache abounds.
Most headaches are acute, temporary conditions.
Most headaches are caused by excessive pressure.
Most headaches are caused by pressure.
Most headaches are muscle tension headaches, migraines, or head pain with no obvious cause.
Most headaches are simply a slight pain accompanied by a throbbing sensation.
Most headaches are stress related.
Most headaches are the result of unresolved tension in the body, either mental or muscular.
Most headaches come and go, but occasionally they can be cause for legitimate concern.
Most headaches go away within a few hours.
Most headaches involve pulsating pains or throbbing.
Most headaches occur at ages.
Most headaches originate in the muscles of the neck and head .
Most headaches start gradually and have a throbbing or pulsating sensation.
Most headaches start gradually, building from tension to a pulsing or throbbing sensation.
Some headaches accompany a president sitting in the pews.
Some headaches are caused by heat.
Some headaches are caused by ingestion.
Some headaches are due to inadequate recovery following head injury.
Some headaches are more than just a headache.
Some headaches associate with acute mountain sickness.
Some headaches associate with acute sickness.
Some headaches associate with digestion.
Some headaches associate with mountain sickness.
Some headaches associate with sickness.
Some headaches associate with weak digestion.
Some headaches indicate a more serious underlying condition requiring prompt attention, however.
Some headaches radiate to backs.
Some headaches require prescribed drugs to control.
Some headaches result from skipped meals or muscle tension and can be taken care of at home.
Some headaches signal more serious, life-threatening conditions in the brain.
Some headaches stem from facts.
A headband is a band
Headband also features stainless steel at the stress points for durability.
Headband attaches with velcro for an adjustable fit.
Headband can be custom made for mounting equipment directly to it.
Headband has adjustable velco closher .
Headband is adjustable.
Headband is also available with a browband.
Headband is also available with a top.
Headband is also available without the top.
Headband is double thick for extra warmth.
Headband is easily adjustable to fit any size.
Headband is knit in the round in stockinette stitch.
Headbands also tailbands.
Headbands appear at the head and often the tail of the spine.
Headbands are available in black only.
Headbands are bands.
Headbands are elastic and one size fits all.
Headbands are for ordinary dress.
Headbands are much in evidence.
Headbands are really useful too.
Headbands are strictly decorative and serve no functional purpose.
Headbands offer little insulation.
A headcount is a count
Headcount excludes audit students.
A headdress is a clothing
Headdress isa clothes.
Headdress isa clothing.
Headdresses are among the best known of all California dance regalia.
Headdresses are clothing.
Headdresses are very important.
Headdresses have (part) sections.
Headdresses Headdresses A headdress is needed to finish off any costume.
Header fields can have a style set in prefs panel.
Header fields can occur in any order.
Header fields contain values used by both clients and providers to identify and route messages.
Header file is rotateX.h.
Header files define the data structures of built-in variables.
Header files included by reference in the sources also count as dependencies.
Header files serve two purposes.
Header files update.
A header is a hit
Header comes into use.
Header extends on non-component side.
Header generated by a wavstream object are fully standard compliant.
Header indicates component, and phase of issue.
Header isa text.
Header rewriting NO header rewriting is done on submissions.
Header sizes for all openings in the bearing walls.
Headers address the growing concern about head injuries in soccer.
Headers alone are in Headers .
Headers also help make an article clearer and easy to see the structure in the table of contents.
Headers appear at the top of the page, and footers appear at the bottom of the page.
Headers appear in the upper-right section.
Headers appear on a line by themselves with a blank line above and below.
Headers are also available.
Headers are beams.
Headers are below and links are on the right.
Headers are bricks.
Headers are case-insensitive.
Headers are common for raster datasets.
Headers are control structures.
Headers are different sizes of fonts that can be used for headings.
Headers are direct, no coy or ambiguous language.
Headers are easy to construct.
Headers are harvesters.
Headers are hits.
Headers are important.
Headers are in as sorry a condition as libraries are.
Headers are in boldface type, and subheads are in italics.
Headers are information about the mail service that delivered the current e-mail message.
Headers are jumps.
Headers are know to warp.
Headers are obsolete continuously.
Headers are often the same font as text, but they can be in a contrasting typeface.
Headers are on a line by themselves with a blank line above and below.
Headers are optional, mufflers are mandatory.
Headers are optional.
Headers are part of walls.
Headers are simple and close to text.
Headers are simple and close to the text.
Headers are too large.
Headers are useful, if attended to.
Headers assist in evacuating the most burnt gas while helping the engine pull in fresh fuel.
Headers automatically appear in boldface.
Headers automatically display the chapter title and first-level head.
Headers become elements.
Headers block in each raw-materials parameter file.
Headers can also change the foot-pounds of torque available.
Headers can be as long and as detailed as needed, and can also incorporate both text and graphics.
Headers can be larger.
Headers can contain the most basic navigational elements of a site.
Headers can include the name of the file, the sheet tab, the page number, the date, etc.
Headers can lower the underhood temperature, and that can help extend engine life.
Headers can say just about anything, as long as they are in the correct format.
Headers come complete with bolts, gaskets and collectors.
Headers come complete with gaskets, header bolts and detailed instructions for easy installation.
Headers come in different sizes.
Headers come in six sizes.
Headers contain the basic declaration of a class.
Headers describe column contents, with more information at the end of the file.
Headers end with an empty line, and everything that follows is interpreted as the body text.
Headers get declarations, modules get definitions.
Headers go on before the payload, trailers go after.
Headers have (part) chapters.
Headers have (part) paragraphs.
Headers have (part) word order.
Headers help identify the true sender even if the address is spoofed.
Headers help organize the text.
Headers help to keep the data within a table clear and understandable.
Headers highlight the categories.
Headers increase the accessibility of a document.
Headers knock heads.
Headers Let's look at two messages.
Headers look like a slow motion space walk.
Headers Move the Battery to the back.
Headers only is used to search whole texts except the lowest level.
Headers only provide protection from minor impacts to the areas of the head covered by the headband.
Headers prevent road embankments from slumping toward surface water.
Headers provide any extra information about the request that is required.
Headers provide no proof, only logs do.
Headers require at least one line item.
Headers rest on jack studs and support the weight of the wall above the window unit.
Headers serve as headlines for a document.
Headers Setting header style is a simple start to creating an identifiable style.
Headers still apply if they are present in a link, but they are always independent of context.
Headers support the framing load over the door and window openings.
Headers tend to surround the starter with heat due to the collector being closer.
Headers often contain lots of strange and cryptic stuff.
Headers usually consist of a long pulse sent before the train of data pulses.
All headers are available below the alphabet box upper left.
All headers are completely optional, of course.
All headers are filtered - cookies too, and destination domain filtering is enabled.
All headers are optional but the default value is to use as many as possible.
All headers have meta tags that list the author, date, and content description.
Headfirst descent has many advantages for the red panda.
A headhunter is a recruiter
Headhunter has capability to search jobs by salary.
Headhunter is another big job search engine.
Headhunter is one of the largest, high-traffic sites for job seekers, employers and recruiters.
Headhunter provides job listing and recruiting strategies.
Headhunters are a special case of organized networks, hubs who network professionally.
Headhunters are bands.
Headhunters are consultants.
Headhunters are hunters.
Headhunters are in on it, too.
Headhunters are just plain expensive.
Headhunters are like sports agents for the proletariat.
Headhunters are more motivated to place candidates before the end of the year.
Headhunters are recruiters.
Headhunters are reputed for doing things however they want.
Headhunters are savages.
Headhunters are specialized recruiters who conduct research.
Headhunters argue that it is only a matter of time before women join the board in larger numbers.
Headhunters assist employers in finding the right person for a specific job.
Headhunters broker job deals, but they differ from agents in that they work for employers.
Headhunters can also post a job listing for a small fee.
Headhunters commonly sign up to view resumes as well as employers.
Headhunters congregate around major centers.
Headhunters distribute job information to passengers arriving at the Dublin airport.
Headhunters do a lot of research, and it makes all the difference in the world.
Headhunters do all that.
Headhunters drive up the salaries.
Headhunters expect the manpower requirement in the sector to double in the next five years.
Headhunters find job candidates for their clients, the employers.
Headhunters generally attract candidates from four sources.
Headhunters go out of their way to avoid that scenario.
Headhunters handle a tiny fraction of job openings.
Headhunters hate getting that call from a candidate.
Headhunters have no reason to make a lot of noise about what they do.
Headhunters Here are the phone numbers of some headhunters.
Headhunters know the outside marketplace.
Headhunters never charge candidates, only the client.
Headhunters provide other benefits as well.
Headhunters recruit people with very specific skill sets that are in high demand and short supply.
Headhunters search for candidates whose skills are at or near the top of the profession.
Headhunters see a big sump, where the troublesome masses collect and spiral away.
Headhunters see it all the time.
Headhunters sound great in concept.
Headhunters spend a lot of time and effort with candidates.
Headhunters start using the computer to find Portuguese speaking professionals.
Headhunters typically hunt for people at the higher salary ranges.
Headhunters warn financial executives of four avoidable career mistakes.
Headhunters win the belts.
Headhunters work for corporate clients.
Headhunters work outside the System.
Headhunters often disclose salary statistics, based on the individuals that they place.
Headhunters usually place candidates within a particular industry.
Headhunters usually prefer to work with industry-experienced professionals.
Most headhunters generally start off asking questions about the people they've called.
Heading isa text.
Heading makes sense but Title is the keyword.
Heading represents a player's earliest opportunity to play an air ball.
Headings alert the reader to shifts of topic and are an aid to general organization.
Headings also have an implied paragraph break.
Headings also help classify information on a page.
Headings alter the style by reformatting the text's size, line spacing, and character style.
Headings appear at the top of each abbreviated format report to identify what the list includes.
Headings appear on the left, and their descriptions appear on the right.
Headings are a good example of 'logical markup'.
Headings are all bold, and set to either small-caps or a larger size.
Headings are all the same size and font, and the text is in a different font.
Headings are alphabetical and contents under each heading tend to be alphanumeric.
Headings are also useful for writers.
Headings are always in bold print.
Headings are automatically boldfaced, and begin at the left side of the page.
Headings are bold text settings.
Headings are consistent.
Headings are either all horizontal or all vertical.
Headings are for reference only and in no way define or limit the scope of the provision.
Headings are for reference purposes only and have no substantive effect.
Headings are for reference purposes only.
Headings are for references only.
Headings are great when used to separate different sections within a Web page.
Headings are helpful because they guide a reader to find information.
Headings are hot linked and provide direct access to the areas by simply clicking the heading.
Headings are in a sort of brown color and big.
Headings are in alphabetical order.
Headings are in black or blue text , instructions are red text.
Headings are in bold and italics.
Headings are in bold for emphasis.
Headings are larger, in bold, in a different font, and easy to use to navigate around the book.
Headings are lines.
Headings are necessary to link concepts.
Headings are one important way to enable readers to know where they are, where they are headed.
Headings are part of tables.
Headings are pieces of title.
Headings are programmable.
Headings are the larger print, or subtitles on a page.
Headings are useful.
Headings are usually a larger font size than normal text and usually are bold or italic.
Headings are very useful to break the paper up into smaller sections.
Headings are within the window.
Headings automatically create titles with bold text and double spacing above and below.
Headings break up the written text and help to emphasize the main points.
Headings can also be an appropriate way to break up long, uninterrupted passages in an essay.
Headings can also contain a goals and objectives subsection and a highlights subsection.
Headings can be in boldface for visual emphasis.
Headings can be larger, bolder versions of the body text fonts.
Headings can be one color and lists another.
Headings can come in many forms.
Headings can use capital letters on the first letter of each word.
Headings come from various sources.
Headings come in several types including topic, statement, and questions.
Headings come in six sizes, one being the largest and six the smallest.
Headings contain many links.
Headings containing a red letter are also links.
Headings containing a yellow letter are just headings.
Headings cover basic intent of the laws, key definitions, coverage and pertinent sections.
Headings Create large text with the heading tags.
Headings exist outside of paragraphs, tables, and other such larger text structures.
Headings give information.
Headings go in the first column, aligned right and text is placed in the right column, aligned left.
Headings have (part) chapters.
Headings have (part) paragraphs.
Headings have (part) word order.
Headings have a powerful impact - for better or for worse.
Headings help outline the document for both the reader and writer.
Headings help separate text into manageable segments.
Headings Highlighting special skill sets is the focus of a functional resume.
Headings identify the commands.
Headings includes four styles of headings per volume.
Headings indicate the population served by the placement organization.
Headings Make ample use of major and minor headings.
Headings promote comprehension and readability.
Headings provide a precise subject access to stories.
Headings provide the reader with a cognitive map.
Headings reflect established forms.
Headings require end tags that match the start tag.
Headings seem easiest to read when ranged left with the text.
Headings serve as the titles of sections in a document, or of the whole document.
Headings serve several important purposes.
Headings show the reasoning in the record, like a legal brief.
Headings show the variable weights used in the current year.
Headings Use a heading for each designated component of the regulations.
Headings Use bold type for all headings.
Headings Use clear and consistent style for headings and subheadings.
Headings use upper and lower case letters.
Headings always appear on a separate line from surrounding text.
Headings always force a blank line before and after the heading.
Headings always indicate the units used.
Headings often change as well.
All headings are bold-faced.
All headings are in bold.
All headings are now bold and centered.
Every heading is a hypertext link to the corresponding full text view.
Every Heading is romanized and alphabetically orderd ward by ward.
Every heading is separated from the text by a double gap, before and after.
Most headings are clear and meaningful, and provide some structure to the information.
Most headings give information.
Most headings here are about the colonial imperative.
Some headings are informal and some are quite structured.
Some headings are presently empty.
Some headings can have more than one meaning.
A headlamp is light
Headlamp isa device.
Headlamps are available to allow the freedom to ski any trail at night.
Headlamps are brighter, the hood is steeper in profile and wears sharper creases.
Headlamps are hands free and convenient.
Headlamps are on.
Headlamps can go out anytime, for any reason.
Headlamps have (part) sections.
Headlamps illuminate the scene.
Headlamps move to wings on export models.
Headlamps run on AA batteries.
All headlamps are notorious for turning on inside a pack.
Some headlamps are part of ambulances.
Some headlamps are part of automobiles.
Some headlamps are part of autos.
Some headlamps are part of cars.
Some headlamps are part of dumpers.
Some headlamps are part of go-karts.
Some headlamps are part of motorbikes.
Some headlamps are part of pickups.
Some headlamps are part of taxis.
Some headlamps are part of trucks.
A headland is elevation
Headland is the largest city.
Headland joins to headland.
Headland makes for perfect entertainment.
Headland protects it from a sw wind, and hosts a left hander.
Headland starts on a half-forward flank.
Headlands allow for easy take off and landing.
Headlands are made of hard rock and bays are made of soft rock .
Headlands are made of hard rock and bays are made of soft rock.
Headlands are natural things.
Headlands are projections of land that stick out into a sea or lake. .
Headlands can supply sand and gravel to beaches.
Headlands divide the Oregon coast into compartments, or littoral cells.
Headlands tend to be dry, and their outer ends are covered with fescue-oatgrass grasslands.
Many headlands are passable only at low tide, and people have been trapped by the incoming tide.
Some headlands are impassable even at low tide.
Some headlands require low tides for passage.
Headless operation enables the embedding of Linux in a video display, keyboard or mouse.
Headless roaches are capable of living for weeks.
Headless shrews are always popular.
Headlight beams turn in the direction of the car's steering.
Headlight bulbs burn out too fast Q .
Headlight grills are easily removable.
A headlight is light
Headlight brightens dark places where dirt hides.
Headlight covers are stylish protection for today's expensive headlights.
Headlights appear suddenly, picking out the sleet like a swarm of fireflies.
Headlights are another handy feature , since days during snow season are so dang short.
Headlights are automotive products.
Headlights are bigger and nearly twice as bright.
Headlights are car light.
Headlights are light.
Headlights are located in cars.
Headlights are now a wrap-around unit with integrated turn signals.
Headlights are obligatory day and night.
Headlights are part of electrical systems.
Headlights are standard for good visibility in dimly lit areas.
Headlights break up the dark morning and smoke from tail pipes creates a foggy haze in the lots.
Headlights can be out of adjustment.
Headlights engage automatically on continuous windscreen wipe.
Headlights flash and horn sounds when phone rings.
Headlights flash as all race for shore.
Headlights flood the road from the rear.
Headlights glow with parking lights.
Headlights go off when the ignition is off.
Headlights go on when car is moving forward.
Headlights Keep headlights on low beam, except where unlighted conditions require high beams.
Headlights make odd shapes and forms silhouette against the windows.
Headlights make weird beating sounds when they're turned on and off.
Headlights pair new boxed.
Headlights pierce the dusty dawn, Day workers on the move.
Headlights provide only half of the lighting required for nighttime scooting.
Headlights require power, and a car's engine produces power using gasoline.
Headlights slope off with a feline's squint, and the oval grille opening is downright scary.
Headlights sparkle and engines roar as the green light appears.
Headlights stare, don t even blink.
Headlights track with the car's steering, always assuring illumination on the road ahead.
Headlights turn on.
Headlights vault in through windows, shadows clean the wall and sail away.
Headlights work poorly in day for night shots.
Headlights zigzag all around.
Headlights sometimes shine through objects.
Headline inflation is more difficult to forecast, as it is heavily influenced by mortgage rates.
Headline news is now available in English, Portuguese, Italian, Spanish and German.
A headline is a heading
Headline acts frequently.
Headline contrasts on China and the line item veto.
Headline isa header.
Headline isa heading.
Headline quotes from the report and more details.
Headline refers to a word in the headline of an article.
Headline searches the headlines only.
Headline takes up top half of front page.
Headlines abound about binge drinking on college campuses.
Headlines act much like concrete poetry, which relies heavily on the visual medium.
Headlines also gives the members a chance to get to know each other.
Headlines announce a prisoner died in a sweat box.
Headlines are a stickety wicket.
Headlines are albums.
Headlines are always bold.
Headlines are attention grabbers.
HeadLines are available for daily newspaper syndication.
Headlines are beneficial to everyone.
Headlines are clearly critical to the impulse buyer.
Headlines are clickable links to additional information.
Headlines are extremely important.
Headlines are free, pay to view full articles.
Headlines are free.
Headlines are from national and international sources, both pro and con.
Headlines are hard to come by, too, because the company has no story to sell the nation's investors.
Headlines are headings.
Headlines are important because they are the initial attention-grabbers.
Headlines are in ascending order.
Headlines are in dark blue larger font.
Headlines are in posted order, with more recent first.
Headlines are in present tense, stories are usually in past tense.
Headlines are links to articles and are easy to distinguish because of their blue type.
Headlines are located in newspapers.
Headlines are more important than ever.
Headlines are more sterile.
Headlines are necessary to understand our problem.
Headlines are news.
Headlines are part of newspaper articles.
Headlines are part of newspapers.
Headlines are probably the most important aspect of news stories.
Headlines are simple links to the articles on the news sites, which appear in a new browser window.
Headlines are singles.
Headlines are so important.
Headlines are the best-read parts of any publication.
Headlines are the first thing a reader sees.
Headlines are the haiku of our times.
Headlines are the most-read part of a paper.
Headlines bring customers, and are often the only way to do so.
Headlines call attention to such scary-sounding news and alarm the general public.
Headlines call it a mess.
Headlines can be embarrassing.
Headlines can be very misleading.
Headlines capture a reader s interest.
Headlines change daily.
Headlines change weekly on Wednesdays .
Headlines Check out the most recent CCCU news.
Headlines come in the following six sizes.
Headlines describe observations.
Headlines fall flat when they try to be cute on stories that aren t.
Headlines focus on what's happening in motorsports.
Headlines Get a peek at what's making news in Philippine newspapers published locally and abroad.
Headlines get header tags to catch the eye.
Headlines have (part) chapters.
Headlines have (part) paragraphs.
Headlines have (part) word order.
Headlines have a distinctly hand-lettered look.
Headlines have a way of overstating the problem, however.
Headlines help a lot.
Headlines help draw top faculty, top students and money to build with.
Headlines help to break up a dull, gray page of text.
Headlines hyperlink to more detailed news stories.
Headlines launch the wrong browser.
Headlines link back to content providers' sites, which increases their traffic.
Headlines link directly to full text articles on the publisher's site.
Headlines link directly to the featured news, sections, articles or releases.
Headlines link to complete listings of headlines, updated throughout the day.
Headlines link to in-depth articles and editorials.
Headlines link to stories.
Headlines list the most current PNs.
Headlines move dynamically across the screen.
Headlines Never mistake motion for action.
Headlines now link to the respective piece of news.
Headlines perform a useful service.
Headlines proclaim everything from chaos to possible fraud.
Headlines prove there's real reason to worry.
Headlines rearrange their letters by animation to spoof news stories, people and events.
Headlines scream from the local tabloids.
Headlines scream the latest cases of anthrax exposure and infection.
Headlines sell memo copy.
Headlines serve to both draw attention and inspire interest.
Headlines simplify the learning curve.
Headlines start each chapter, which make up sections devoted to a span of years.
Headlines tell a bare-bones story.
Headlines tell of a flood in Bangladesh, a famine in Ethiopia, an earthquake in Guatemala.
Headlines typically highlight the most important, significant or shocking fact in the release.
All headlines are archived in a fully-searchable database, so it's sort of a news treasure chest.
All headlines are links to actual stories.
Every headline invites reactionary scorn for Liberal policy.
Every headline is a dead-line.
Many headlines give the reader an idea of what to expect in the magazine.
More headline acts still to be announced.
More headlines appear in newspapers.
More headlines Listed below are links to the latest casino odds from Las Vegas.
Most headlines are part of newspapers.
Most headlines describe observations.
Most headlines reflect the central idea of the story, but sometimes they do miss the mark.
Some headlines are clickable to the news story or stories mentioned.
Some headlines are so stupid as to defy comment.
All headliner cloth comes with foam backing.
A headliner is a performer
Headliners are consumer friendly and trade friendly.
Headliners are only available in the original material.
Headliners are performers.
Headliners are the key to entertainment in Atlantic City.
Headliners are women.
Headliners go on following that.
Headliners take center stage each evening for the night's free concert.
A headlock is a lock
Headlocks are another consideration in cow comfort.
Headman status is achieved based upon both kin ties and personal achievement.
A headmaster is school principal
Headmaster isa principal.
Headmaster overcomes difficulties in early life to run a successful public school.
Headmasters are in a unique position of power to mold the minds of impressionable young students.
Headmasters are principal.
Headmasters feature a humanoid figure that transforms into the head of the robot.
Headmasters have (part) adult bodies.
Headmasters have (part) arms.
Headmasters have (part) body substances.
Headmasters have (part) cell membranes.
Headmasters have (part) cells.
Headmasters have (part) corpi.
Headmasters have (part) cytoplasm.
Headmasters have (part) heads.
Headmasters have (part) legs.
Headmasters have (part) necks.
Headmasters have (part) nuclei.
Headmasters have (part) personality.
Headmasters have (part) plasma membranes.
Headmasters have (part) sections.
Headmasters have (part) vacuoles.
Headmasters have limited authority to direct what and how teachers teach.
Headmasters sail an infinite ocean of targets and standards.
Headmistress isa principal.
Headmistresses have (part) adult bodies.
Headmistresses have (part) arms.
Headmistresses have (part) body substances.
Headmistresses have (part) cell membranes.
Headmistresses have (part) cells.
Headmistresses have (part) corpi.
Headmistresses have (part) cytoplasm.
Headmistresses have (part) heads.
Headmistresses have (part) legs.
Headmistresses have (part) necks.
Headmistresses have (part) nuclei.
Headmistresses have (part) personality.
Headmistresses have (part) plasma membranes.
Headmistresses have (part) sections.
Headmistresses have (part) vacuoles.
Headphone jack enables private listening.
Headphone jack is plugged in.
Headphone jacks are a high wear item on some camcorders.
A headphone is a transducer
Headphone isa device.
Headphone jacks on all modules allow a quick signal check.
Headphone jacks on the front of the speakers are a desirable feature.
Headphone jacks with a volume control are the most convenient.
Headphone sets industrial standards for functionality.
Headphones accompany separate rear-seat audio controls.
Headphones also eliminate crosstalk between the binaural signals.
Headphones are a dream to wear.
Headphones are a good cure for a stereo.
Headphones are a good idea, too.
Headphones are a useful option when private viewing is taking place.
Headphones are a valuable computer tool.
Headphones are also available for unrestricted playing at any time.
Headphones are also available from the circulation desk.
Headphones are also available.
Headphones are an essential piece of college equipment.
Headphones are another option.
Headphones are as individual as loudspeakers.
Headphones are audio devices.
Headphones are available at the circulation desk.
Headphones are available at the desk.
Headphones are available at the media stations.
Headphones are available at the student desk.
Headphones are available for all of our Spanish speaking friends.
Headphones are available for all units.
Headphones are available for anyone having difficulty hearing the service.
Headphones are available for check out at the counter.
Headphones are available for checkout at the library's circulation desk.
Headphones are available for checkout.
Headphones are available for private music enjoyment.
Headphones are available for use and can be signed out at desk.
Headphones are available for use and can be signed out at the desk.
Headphones are available for use when viewing media in the learning carrels.
Headphones are available for use with the system.
Headphones are available for user privacy.
Headphones are available for worshipers who want Cantonese translations.
Headphones are available in the lobby free of charge.
Headphones are available so children can enjoy music and reinforce their verbal skills.
Headphones are available to people sharing a household for private listening.
Headphones are available.
Headphones are black with silver ear pieces.
Headphones are fine.
Headphones are for in-house use only.
Headphones are generally low-impedance devices.
Headphones are less easy to secure, which is why personal headphones are recommended.
Headphones are marvellous things.
Headphones are much cheaper than speakers of corresponding quality and are portable.
Headphones are needed, so have students bring walkman type headphones.
Headphones are permissible.
Headphones are practically mandatory.
Headphones are really just small speakers.
Headphones are requried for personal stereos.
Headphones are to be used at all times when listening to music or sound on the computers.
Headphones are to be used for sound output.
Headphones are useful for private listening in public areas.
Headphones are useful here.
Headphones become the only solution.
Headphones can also enhance learning.
Headphones can help here.
Headphones can only check one at a time.
Headphones cause hearing loss.
Headphones come in many different sizes from big to small .
Headphones come in many different sizes from big to small.
Headphones come with.
Headphones create a disconnect between student to student and student to teacher.
Headphones deliver sound through the left and right channel.
Headphones deliver sound to the bicyclist without disturbing other people.
Headphones give much better low frequency response than a speaker.
Headphones have (part) sections.
Headphones have individual volume controls to adjust for hearing differences.
Headphones interfere with teaching.
Headphones Listen in with high-quality headphones.
Headphones Look no further.
Headphones minimize noise from the sound accompanying software programs.
Headphones offer many advantages over speakers.
Headphones plug directly in.
Headphones provide some entertainment, but are no substitute for a training partner.
Headphones sound good, but fatigue the ears after moderate use.
Headphones then amplify the notes that the student hears.
Headphones use a nine volt battery.
Headphones work best for people who can sleep comfortably on their backs without turning much.
Headphones often increase the attention to the stimuli and it is possible to separate the channels.
All headphones have quick disconnects.
Any headphones used for a walkman are compatible with the audio jacks on our lab computers.
Most headphones meet or exceed that frequency range.
A headpiece is a helmet
Headpieces are helmets.
Headpieces are more like tiaras, or princess-type crowns.
Headpieces can be headbands, crowns, tiaras, back clips, bun keepers, wreaths, or custom designs.
All headpieces are available in white or ivory.
All headpieces shown have sheer, clean cut edges.
Most headpieces come with a veil.
A headroom is a position
Headroom is adult-friendly, but legroom ranges from poor to survivable.
Headroom targets young people through schools and community organisations.
A headset is a receiver
Headset being placed in jack cuts off the speaker - Standard industry practice.
Headset collapses for portability and easy storage.
Headset is extremely comfortable and lightweight.
Headset is functional at best.
Headset is made up of two parts .
Headset is made up of two parts.
Headset isa earphone.
Headset isa headphone.
Headset jacks on base and handsets.
Headset Makes possible hands-free communication.
Headset supports triple crown forks.
Headsets allow individuals to listen to the music they prefer whenever they wish.
Headsets also offer relief for tired neck and shoulder muscles so often used to cradle a telephone.
Headsets are also the Number One telephone efficiency tool.
Headsets are an option if the call goes longer.
Headsets are available across a huge price range.
Headsets are available and required.
Headsets are available as well.
Headsets are available at the box office.
Headsets are available at the concession stand in the lower lobby prior to the performance.
Headsets are available at the theater box office.
Headsets are available for additional privacy as well.
Headsets are available for in-house use with a valid library card.
Headsets are available for purchase at our major locations.
Headsets are available for the hearing impaired at no charge, and all sites are barrier free.
Headsets are available free of charge at the coat check prior to the performance.
Headsets are available free of charge at the concessions counter prior to the performance.
Headsets are available free of charge prior to each performance.
Headsets are available free of charge.
Headsets are available if needed.
Headsets are available in the area adjacent to the theater lobby.
Headsets are available on request.
Headsets are easy to use and provide more privacy for conversation.
Headsets are electrical devices.
Headsets are lightweight and comfortable.
Headsets are one of the simplest and most cost-effective ergonomic tools available.
Headsets are particularly useful for radio communications during snowmobile trips.
Headsets are soon to be required by law.
Headsets are the easy favorite for hands-free operation.
Headsets are wearable on either ear, providing convenient hands-free operation.
Headsets block outside noise, making it easier to hear.
Headsets can be both a blessing and a hindrance.
Headsets come in a variety of different styles.
Headsets consist of a headpiece and modular base unit.
Headsets have (part) sections.
Headsets have a number of ergonomic and convenience features.
Headsets last more than the first good rain storm.
Headsets make it difficult for skaters to be fully aware of what other skaters are doing.
Headsets plug directly into jumper cord.
Headsets prevent discomfort and tissue damage to the neck and shoulders.
Headsets provide safe hands-free communication.
Headsets provide sound clarity in noisy environments.
Headsets provide three-dimensional stereo sound.
Headsets reduce echo and feedback.
Headsets require an amplifier to interface with telephone.
All headsets adjust to some degree.
Many headsets offer volume controls.
Most headsets are comfortable for eyeglass-wearers.
Most headsets have some sort of insulative piece that cushions the ear to the headset speaker.
Some headsets convert from being worn over the ear to over the entire head.
Headship has nothing to do with intelligence, gift, ability, or maturity.
Headship is a position
A headshot is shot
Headshots are a necessity for every actor.
Headshots are an actor's calling card.
Headshots are part of soccer.
Headshots are pictures.
Headshots are shooting.
Headshots are shot.
Headshots are used in the modelling and acting businesses.
Headshots click on each image.
Headshots count for additional damage.
Headshots go in in the order they are received.
Most headshots are fairly close photos of the actor's face.
Some headshots are good for commercial use, while some other headshots are good for film use.
Headstarting projects go one step further.
A headstone is a building block
Headstone has also a decorative leaf and branch above the name.
Headstone is a square slab lurching forwards.
Headstone is in a heart shape.
Headstone is incorrect.
Headstone is on right-hand side near gate.
Headstone stands on northern side of church, approx.
Headstones are bought so that everyone can see who has been buried in a specific grave.
Headstones are in relatively good condition.
Headstones are the antithesis of cyberspace, their characters carved in stone.
Headstones bear their names.
Headstones can reveal a lot about the deceased.
Headstones contain more data in many cases.
Headstones dot the landscape.
Headstones follow the custom of European cemeteries.
Headstones have been removed one foot-stone remains.
Headstones mark the graves of favorite dogs.
Headstones show even earlier dates.
All headstones are east-facing.
Every headstone listed below is still there, and only a few are getting hard to read.
Many headstones are fallen and others are covered with vines and weeds.
Some headstones contain references to many people.
Some headstones remain today.
Headwater forests protect the water quality of streams which supply drinking water.
A headwater is a source
Headwater lakes and river have famous fly fishing.
Headwaters are beginnings.
Headwaters are first order while the Amazon River is twelfth order.
Headwaters are irreplaceable elements of functioning streams.
Headwaters is critical habitat for many species, several of which are threatened or endangered.
Headwaters is now available.
Headwaters is the largest unprotected ancient redwood forest remaining in the world.
Headwaters produces lean beef from young animals without antibiotics or hormones.
Some headwaters are sanctuaries.
A headway is a position
Headway continues to be made in the global chemical safety agenda.
Headway develops visualization technology designed to simplify software development.
Headway is a charity which campaigns on behalf of people who suffer head injury.
Headway is made piecemeal, as researchers attack specific aspects of the problem.
Headways are approximate starting on the hour.
Headways are progress.
Headways are situations.
Headways vary considerably, but are about one hour for local and intercity service.
Some headway even seems being made with regard to television transmitting antennas as well.
A headwind is wind
Headwinds are likely to add to the difficulty.
Headwinds are wind.
Headwinds require a different profile.
Headwinds require a heavier throttle to maintain usual speeds.
Headwinds require more effort to get to the source, therefore the bees dance slower.
A headword is a word
Headwords are also searchable.
Heady bouquet introduces voluptuous sweet fruit balanced with a clean, mineral through line.
Heady player is a strong tackler.
Heafield publicity is permitted.
Heal pain can become debilitating if left untreated.
Heal skin diseases are caused by reaction.
Healed lesions appear as window defects, owing to the atrophic nature of the scars.
Healed lesions leave an atrophic scar.
A healer is an expert
Healers are especially effective for musculo-skeletal problems.
Healers are hard to find.
Healers are important in many, especially if the tribe relates illness to evil spirits.
Healers are keenly aware of people and their feelings, and relate well with most others.
Healers are no different from other people.
Healers battle it using the tools and knowledge of their time.
Healers become murderers.
Healers can incorporate the use of feathers in different ways.
Healers confront illness, suffering and death on an almost daily basis, with constant negativity.
Healers exist in every culture and in all religions.
Healers gain insights into the healing crystals or stones they use.
Healers generally stop treatment when they have reached resonance.
Healers have different views about combining their methods with western medicine.
Healers have great knowledge of the medicinal qualities of plants and other natural materials.
Healers incorporate the use of feathers in different ways.
Healers know that our journey toward wholeness is a lifelong pilgrimage.
Healers make broad claims for the benefits of their treatments.
Healers make use of herbal medicines and natural and spiritual forces.
Healers play an important role in health care.
Healers present a calm and serene face to the world, and can seem shy, even distant around others.
Healers range from shamans to transplant surgeons, over hundreds of cultures and thousands of years.
Healers use that medicine to help and heal people.
Healers work differently with each person they help.
Healers work regularly at hospital pain, cancer and cardiac rehabilitation centers.
Healers work regularly at hospital pain, cancer, and cardiac rehabilitation centres.
All healers are simply instruments for the higher good.
All healers believe that they act as a channel through which healing energy flows into the patient.
All healers listed are independent.
Most healers have their fair share of failures.
Most healers work in their local tribal communities.
Some healers even use bee stings to counteract chronic ailments, such as arthritis.
Some healers lay hands upon the body of the sick or use herbal concoction, oils and incantations.
Some healers only use their mind, their spirit to do their work.
Some healers perceive it as crimson yarn wrapped around a golden skein.
Some healers prefer working with gem-quality stones.
Some healers use an Athame to aid in the healing process of others.
Some healers use small screwdrivers to remove teeth.
Some healing ceremonies consist of nothing more than smudging the patient while praying.
Healing process has to start now, the hostility and hatred that the war brought has to stop.
Most healing processes combine both ways of healing .
Most healing processes combine both ways of healing.
Healing rooms exist in a handful of U.S. hospitals, including facilities in Arizona and Montana.
A healing is an activity
Healing addresses multiple possible illness-inducing factors.
Healing again is the reunion of the mind and the body and the restoration of the spirit.
Healing appears rapid.
Healing are repairings.
Healing asks for change and is always transformative.
Healing becomes health.
Healing becomes less efficient and the effects of sun damage more evident. .
Healing begins as damaged tissue is replaced by collagen, perhaps better known as scar tissue.
Healing begins as soon as the flap is replaced.
Healing begins by reaffirming wellness.
Healing begins by recognizing that loneliness is part of the human condition.
Healing begins when people have a sense of their place, their connection and power in the community.
Healing begins when the victim speaks of the violence and names it as such.
Healing begins with learning to stop clenching in the face of life.
Healing begins with relationships.
Healing begins with the conscious act of re-membering.
Healing begins with the end of illusion, but the fire of truth burns even as it heals.
Healing brings one into awareness of spiritual realms of being.
Healing brings the material and spiritual aspects of our humanity into sharp relief.
Healing brings to mind scalpels and blue scrubs.
Healing can be a effective, safe and cost-effective complement to most treatment modalities.
Healing can be a slow process and some subtle swelling can be present for months.
Healing can be a slow process.
Healing can be both emotional and spiritual.
Healing can be easy, gentle, painless, and permanent.
Healing can be quite a good use for lucid dreaming.
Healing can be slower than desired.
Healing can be uncomfortable at times.
Healing can be very different from being cured of a disease.
Healing can be very rapid.
Healing can begin with an understanding of why.
Healing can begin within their bodies.
Healing can come from unexpected places.
Healing can come in many forms and from many sources.
Healing can come through laughter.
Healing can come.
Healing can finally occur or finish.
Healing can happen anywhere, in any way, under any circumstances, through any person or avenue.
Healing can happen only by taking full responsibility.
Healing can happen.
Healing can lessen anxieties and painful emotions surrounding such issues.
Healing can never pass away.
Healing can occur in many ways.
Healing can occur spontaneously, presumably through immunologic mechanisms.
Healing can only come from a place of truth.
Healing can only come when the perpetrators recognize their guilt and ask forgiveness.
Healing can only occur in community.
Healing can only take place within the framework of the physical and spiritual laws.
Healing can take a month or more.
Healing can take anywhere from two days to ten weeks, depending on the severity of the sprain.
Healing can take longer, depending on severity and treatment.
Healing can take place at the physical level, as when a wound or broken bone heals.
Healing can take place even in the absence of a cure.
Healing can take place over distance as the mind and body work together.
Healing can take place whether one is recovering physically or facing recurrence or even death.
Healing can take up to six weeks.
Healing can take years.
Healing ceases to exist.
Healing comes about through the awakening of the jiwa.
Healing comes at a deeper level, the emotional level.
Healing comes from guidance, counsel or simply listening to an individual s needs.
Healing comes from helping.
Healing comes from rejecting the false concept in favor of the truth.
Healing comes from the family.
Healing comes from the heart.
Healing comes from within, and is inherent to being alive.
Healing comes from within, from the very life force of our being.
Healing comes from within.
Healing comes in accepting the reality of grace.
Healing comes in connection with healthy people.
Healing comes in many forms, so feel free to come for prayer concerning any area of life.
Healing comes in many forms, some painful, some hot, and some gentle as a summer breeze.
Healing comes in many forms.
Healing comes in many ways.
Healing comes in the afternoon.
Healing comes next.
Healing comes slowly, they admit.
Healing comes through accessing more and more of our whole selves.
Healing comes through counsel, time, hard work, and supporting relationships.
Healing comes through learning to forgive and making peace with our painful past.
Healing comes through love and understanding.
Healing comes through music as the children and their father attend a dance and fiddling contest.
Healing comes when grief is shared.
Healing comes with love and sharing.
Healing continues on for several weeks following the last treatment visit.
Healing demands time.
Healing depends essentially on an open heart chakra.
Healing depends on our wanting to be well.
Healing depends on peace.
Healing depends on purposeful orientation of thoughts and feelings.
Healing depends on the depth of the burn.
Healing depends on the person's readiness psychologically and physiologically.
Healing depends upon our ability to listen to the deep source of wisdom within.
Healing does come.
Healing does occur.
Healing does take time.
Healing encompasses a rich array of human realities.
Healing enriches our lives and improves our resistance to illness in ways beyond our dreams.
Healing follows naturally once the imbalances are corrected.
Healing goes hand in hand with a feeling of well-being and the return to a joyous personality.
Healing goes under the ruling of saving one's life.
Healing goes with illness which refers to the social meanings attached to that condition.
Healing happens by degree in many ways, with physical healing being only the most obvious kind.
Healing however is always possible.
Healing illnesses belongs to the lower level of qigong.
Healing incorporates all aspects of our life.
Healing incorporates the mind, body and spirit.
Healing invokes an understanding of what the illusion of sickness is for.
Healing involves a crusting stage and can take weeks.
Healing involves an unconditionally accepting, loving awareness of the person one is with.
Healing involves an understanding of what the illusion of sickness is for.
Healing involves body, mind and 'spirit'.
Healing involves diet, Chinese herbs and physiological techniques to restore health.
Healing involves health and growth on physical, psychological, social, and spiritual levels.
Healing involves mind, body, and spirit.
Healing involves more than physical well being.
Healing involves restoring equilibrium of energy.
Healing involves revising our perceptions.
Healing involves revision of the scar.
Healing involves surrendering, for a time, to all the pain, and letting go of the anger.
Healing involves the capacity to tolerate or even enjoy ambiguity.
Healing involves the cultivation of harmony or sattva.
Healing involves the emotions as well as the physical body.
Healing involves the whole body and soul, of the universal replica, namely the human being.
Healing is a balancing energy.
Healing is a beautiful word and a powerful metaphor for positive change.
Healing is a biological process.
Healing is a collaborative effort.
Healing is a complete process and fully resolves the cause of ill health.
Healing is a conscious activity.
Healing is a cultural system.
Healing is a deeply personal inner process of becoming whole again.
Healing is a deeply personal process of becoming whole again.
Healing is a difficult concept to define.
Healing is a direct result of greater balance in one's life.
Healing is a form of growth.
Healing is a frame of mind.
Healing is a gift and an art.
Healing is a gift of faith.
Healing is a gift to be shared.
Healing is a gift to others in a way that enriches both.
Healing is a gradual process where each level of experience unfolds when the person is ready for it.
Healing is a gradual process.
Healing is a holistic endeavor designed to eliminate the true causes of the illness or disease.
Healing is a joint process in which both patient and healer are transformed by the experience.
Healing is a life-long journey.
Healing is a life-long process, and very often is a joyous one.
Healing is a long and painful process, taking many years, even decades.
Healing is a long and painful process.
Healing is a long haul.
Healing is a long process.
Healing is a long stretch of the imagination from the counterpoint of trauma and tragedy.
Healing is a long, multifaceted journey.
Healing is a long, slow and sometimes painful process.
Healing is a long, slow process.
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Healing is a matter of time, But it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity.
Healing is a miracle.
Healing is a mystery.
Healing is a natural on-going process.
Healing is a natural process for the human body.
Healing is a natural process, common to all life.
Healing is a natural, on-going process.
Healing is a part of our new life together.
Healing is a personal adventure of self discovery and self evolution.
Healing is a place for all matters of healing, body, mind, and spirit.
Healing is a political, aesthetic, and transfigurative act.
Healing is a present-time experience.
Healing is a privilege of all believers.
Healing is a process and there are no quick fix remedies.
Healing is a process of unifying mind, body and spirit.
Healing is a process that requires thinking and meditating on painful thoughts.
Healing is a process that takes place only when there the mind and the body are aware of each other.
Healing is a process.
Healing is a quarterly journal focusing on health and conduct from a Buddhist perspective.
Healing is a return to wholeness.
Healing is a sacred journey to wholeness.
Healing is a sign of the kingdom, of the day when all illness and unease is healed.
Healing is a significant sign and metaphor of biblical faith.
Healing is a slow and gradual process.
Healing is a slow and painful process.
Healing is a slow process for the survivor and the family.
Healing is a strange thing.
Healing is a subject that evokes deep emotions for many people.
Healing is a term that can be defined in many ways and practiced in many different forms.
Healing is a wonderful thing.
Healing is a word dropped from the Republican lexicon.
Healing is about being human.
Healing is about faith and about love.
Healing is about people.
Healing is accomplished through writing.
Healing is active, and it has flow, juice, and vigor.
Healing is all about resonance and entrainment.
Healing is all in the mind.
Healing is all over the Bible.
Healing is also at the heart of pastoral care.
Healing is also essential to prevent future violence.
Healing is also to be present for the person who is suffering, to be present and listen.
Healing is always a process within our minds, body and spirit.
Healing is arguably music's greatest power.
Healing is as much of a part of parish life as is teaching and preaching.
Healing is as mysterious as life itself.
Healing is by secondary intention.
Healing is complete in about a week.
Healing is complete.
Healing is complex.
Healing is complicated due to the most condition of the area which restricts healing.
Healing is conceived as technical skill in manipulating subtle and refractory organic processes.
Healing is concerned with wholeness for the total person.
Healing is considered work.
Healing is contextual.
Healing is courtesy of the handy floating fruit on every level.
Healing is definitely possible after a relationship with a psychopath.
Healing is delayed because of lysis of the clot and inadequate granulation tissue formation.
Healing is dependent upon faith.
Healing is different.
Healing is difficult because of the complicated and delayed grief reaction.
Healing is discovery.
Healing is easiest when the intervention is immediate, and appropriate therapy is provided.
Healing is effective in almost all diseases.
Healing is encouraged, but there is no leverage.
Healing is essential.
Healing is finished.
Healing is for motivated clients.
Healing is for such maladies.
Healing is for the believer today.
Healing is for the mind as well as the body.
Healing is for the whole person.
Healing is for today.
Healing is found in reconciliation - a task greater than the work of creation.
Healing is frequently quite complicated.
Healing is from inside.
Healing is full and complete resolution of the causes of dis-ease.
Healing is full and complete resolution of the causes of the dis-ease.
Healing is generally rapid.
Healing is gradual and recovery depends a lot on how much activity the patient has performed.
Healing is gradual, so expect to wait several months for optimal results.
Healing is gradual, so expect to wait several weeks to months before optimum results are achieved.
Healing is gradual.
Healing is hard work, and there is still much healing to be done.
Healing is hard work.
Healing is impeded by silence, denial and self-blame.
Healing is important especially as connected to reunion.
Healing is in order.
Healing is inappropriate now, and dangerous.
Healing is individual and as a couple.
Healing is inevitable.
Healing is just as much about our minds as it is about our bodies.
Healing is just one side of the coin of being saved.
Healing is 'letgo off fear'.
Healing is life altering.
Healing is like a breath of fresh air and the results can go far beyond healing a particular issue.
Healing is like a personality transplant.
Healing is like a seed.
Healing is likely to be prolonged and accompanied by significant contracture.
Healing is magnificent and beautiful.
Healing is mandatory.
Healing is many centuries old with a traumatic history.
Healing is minimized and starts immediately.
Healing is more complex.
Healing is more difficult and illnesses more frequent.
Healing is more difficult.
Healing is most effective when it manifests at the primary level of our being.
Healing is much more about wholeness.
Healing is much the same.
Healing is mysterious.
Healing is necessary.
Healing is nothing more or less than the forgiveness of sin.
Healing is obviously a different phenomonon, but there are parallels.
Healing is often slow.
Healing is often very slow and wounds can break open.
Healing is one expression of the life or vitality of the organism.
Healing is only possible when a past life is viewed in depth.
Healing is our joy.
Healing is our quest.
Healing is painful.
Healing is part of that.
Healing is possible for victims to become survivors.
Healing is possible.
Healing is powerful.
Healing is proper management of personal energy.
Healing is quick and helped with drops for a short time following surgery.
Healing is quick without blistering or bruising.
Healing is quicker, and cosmetic results are superior.
Healing is quite rapid.
Healing is rapid, and full recovery generally occurs within only a few days to weeks.
Healing is rapid, and full visual recovery generally occurs within only a few days to weeks.
Healing is rapid, and full visual recovery generally occurs within only a few weeks.
Healing is rapid.
Healing is really an expansion of consciousness.
Healing is required between treatments, but there is virtually no scarring.
Healing is required here and now.
Healing is restoration of the functions that has been lost.
Healing is simple, but it takes proper prayer.
Healing is simple.
Healing is simply a bad business proposition.
Healing is slow and permits a succession of chemical changes, and bacterial and fungal colonization.
Healing is slow, and it can take weeks or even months before the final result is obtained.
Healing is slower if infection occurs below ground level.
Healing is something that occurs within.
Healing is sometimes dependent on the length of time a patient has had the symptom.
Healing is sometimes frightening.
Healing is such a wonderful word.
Healing is the ability to change consciousness.
Healing is the activation and renewal of spirit in the individual and the group.
Healing is the answer.
Healing is the body's automatic and natural facility to repair itself.
Healing is the creation of wholeness, balance, enthusiasm and strength.
Healing is the fire running in our veins.
Healing is the fire running through our veins.
Healing is the instant rejuvenation of the body through the normal processes.
Healing is the least understood and most abusedd metaphysical discipline.
Healing is the process of becoming more whole.
Healing is the process of bringing resolution to oppositions in the body, soul, mind, and life.
Healing is the process of making whole, of reestablishing health.
Healing is the process of moving towards wholeness, affirming life and living fully.
Healing is the process of returning to harmony.
Healing is the realization that there is no wound.
Healing is the restoration of balance.
Healing is the result of applying scientific spiritual knowledge and prayer.
Healing is the return to health, a return to balance.
Healing is the revelation of what already is present but hidden.
Healing is the right alignment of all the parts within the whole.
Healing is the sacrament of the sick involving the laying on of hands and application of oil.
Healing is the way in which the separation is overcome.
Healing is the work a physician performs.
Healing is thus about becoming whole, becoming sound in mind, body and soul.
Healing is to help someone who is sick.
Healing is transferred by lightly placing hands on various parts of the body.
Healing is ultimately the job of the patient.
Healing is uneventful in most cases.
Healing is usually a painful procedure, of course.
Healing is usually complete in a week or two.
Healing is usually complete in eight weeks.
Healing is usually complete within three weeks.
Healing is usually complete within two to three weeks.
Healing is usually complete.
Healing is usually rapid and leaves only a small scar.
Healing is usually spontaneous and complete.
Healing is usually very fast.
Healing is usually well-advanced in one week.
Healing is very much a journey that never really ends.
Healing is very much about self-nurturing and about meeting one's own needs.
Healing is very much about tracking the trail of the trickster.
Healing is very slow.
Healing is what happens as the client moves toward wholeness or oneness.
Healing is what our soul is about.
Healing is what patients bring to the experience.
Healing is wholeness, absolutely.
Healing is within.
Healing is without complications.
Healing is work, therefore, it is forbidden.
Healing knows no limits.
Healing leaves hypo-pigmented and depressed scar.
Healing means change.
Healing means embracing rather than evading the past.
Healing means employment, housing and love.
Healing means feeling better.
Healing means that something is done to restore the natural balance.
Healing means the body is restored to wholeness.
Healing means to be made whole.
Healing means to make whole, restore or renew.
Healing means to make whole.
Healing means to replace damaged tissue with new tissue.
Healing needs high vibrations in order to transmit the nutrients to the cells.
Healing now involves re-establishing the bond between mom and child.
Healing occurs at night.
Healing occurs by caring for the whole person body, mind and spirit.
Healing occurs by regeneration of epithelial tissue.
Healing occurs in a variety of ways, on many levels, to everyone.
Healing occurs in respectful and authentic connections with other human beings.
Healing occurs in reunion relationships.
Healing occurs more quickly.
Healing occurs naturally within a week.
Healing occurs slowly but surely, and naturally.
Healing occurs when someone is restored to harmony and connected to universal powers.
Healing occurs when the co-ordination of mind and body is restored.
Healing occurs when transcendence occurs.
Healing occurs with periosteal callus usually within a normal time frame.
Healing occurs with scarring.
Healing occurs without scar formation.
Healing occurs without scarring.
Healing offers resilience, awareness, acceptance, integrity, and transformation.
Healing paves the way for continued growth and closure.
Healing progresses from the top of the body downward through the body.
Healing progresses to the endocrine system.
Healing refers to a sense of wholeness.
Healing relies on good blood flow.
Healing requires action.
Healing requires balancing of the microbial population of the body.
Healing requires energy.
Healing requires faith on the part of the person being healed.
Healing requires intimacy.
Healing requires time.
Healing requires trust.
Healing requires understanding, and understanding requires information.
Healing reveals caregivers' feeling of loss and their eventual healing.
Healing seems to be a necessary to authentic encounter.
Healing sounds and inspired lyrics . . .
Healing sounds from the Malaysian rainforest .
Healing sounds, standing, walking, postures and self- massage.
Healing spells for shoulders, arms, hands and lungs.
Healing spells for the face, head and brain.
Healing spells for the feet or lymphatic system.
Healing spells for the knees, bones, teeth, and skin.
Healing spells for the liver, hips or thighs.
Healing spells for the lower back and kidneys.
Healing spells for the reproductive organs.
Healing spells for the upper back, spine and heart.
Healing starts inside and with the little things.
Healing starts up in the head and moves downward to our feet.
Healing starts when the cream is discontinued, and the eventually result is usually excellent.
Healing takes a long time.
Healing takes about six to eight weeks.
Healing takes about two weeks and usually causes little if any scarring.
Healing takes angels, angels in human disguise.
Healing takes consistent, intentional care over a long period of time.
Healing takes energy, the kind that comes from proper nutrition.
Healing takes faith.
Healing takes longer than with an autologous graft.
Healing takes longer, fever is more severe and complications are more common.
Healing takes longer.
Healing takes one to two weeks.
Healing takes place during the first three months after the repair.
Healing takes place from within, so that acupuncture has no side effects.
Healing takes place in several levels.
Healing takes place in the mind, the body and emotions follow.
Healing takes place on many levels.
Healing takes place once somebody has been able to go through all the stages.
Healing takes place slowly, requiring six to eight weeks.
Healing takes place through a harmonious relationship with our environment.
Healing takes place, when one is asleep or when one's eyes are closed.
Healing takes place.
Healing takes time and continued care.
Healing takes time and perseverance.
Healing takes time and requires courage to face the beast.
Healing takes time, diligence and compliance.
Healing takes time, so say the frogs from the trees, the ghosts of humans and animals.
Healing takes time.
Healing tend to have ordinary past lives.
Healing tends to be faster than with laser resurfacing.
Healing tends to take longer than with other types of insect bite.
Healing works on both ends.
Healing works on many levels.
Healings are also an integral part of the healing process for all autistic children.
Healings are common and many people get total healing - they recieve their salvation.
Healings are gentle, powerful, and life-altering.
Healings are possible , but highly unusual .
Healings are very effective over the phone.
Healings can be beneficial to the body and soul.
Healings come in many forms, and are useful in all areas of our lives.
Healings come in many forms.
Healings range from curing cancer to bringing rain or stopping storms.
Healing always begins painfully.
All healing begins in the mind.
All healing comes from the divine and power wands are but tools.
All healing comes from the infinite.
All healing comes from the same Source.
All healing comes from within each patient.
All healing comes from within.
All healing is a return to a balanced wholeness.
All healing is about placing the body in balance.
ALL healing is an inside job.
All healing is at the perfect rate.
All healing is based on mental cleansing.
All healing is basically self-healing.
All healing is divine.
All healing is done by the patient .
All healing is energy transfer.
All healing is essentially the release from fear.
All healing is release from the past.
All healing is, in some way, divine healing.
All healing requires a corresponding change in belief.
All healing requires a readjustment of the microbial population to support that change.
All healing takes energy.
All healing takes place automatically through innate forces.
All healing takes vital energy, and sex is a method to circulate vital energy throughout the body.
All healings begin in our mind, through our thoughts.
Every healing is a partial resurrection, a partial victory of life over death.
Most healing is genetic as the quality of the scar goes.
Most healings take place by the ordinary function of our bodies.
Much healing can occur during the support group discussion time.
Much healing is needed among the Indian people.
Some healing is naturalistic .
Some healing needs to be done.
Some healing occurs.
Health advocates have it in for the betel nut, and so do the greens.
Health advocates have their own reasons for wanting inspections.
Health advocates say they're wary of the about-face by the nation's largest cigarette manufacturer.
Health advocates say what's needed is broad regulation that also addresses adult addiction.
Health agencies dedicate to awareness.
Health agencies have interest.
Health agencies have public interest.
Health assessment is a prerequisite to nursing specialization courses in the graduate program.
Health assessment is presented within the context of health promotion.
Health authorities agree that abstinence is the only absolute precaution against the disease.
Health authorities are concerned about animals drinking the water.
Health authorities are troubled that bidis are advertised and sold on the Internet.
Health authorities believe that such transit trade is fueling a domestic drug market.
Health authorities can ask for fluoride to be added to water but the supplier has the final say.
Health authorities can use the increased funding to open new beds and many have done so.
Health authorities continue to investigate.
Health authorities continue to search for the source of the infection.
Health authorities emphasize that incidents of botulism are extremely rare.
Health authorities encourage the following dietary changes.
Health authorities have a duty to investigate.
Health authorities have no responsibility for any aspect of the planning application.
Health authorities have powers to review the services provided in their areas.
Health authorities lead the process for developing the Plans for Mental Health.
Health authorities recognise that the medical profession is but part of the picture of health.
Health authorities recommend that one citrus fruit and one cruciferous vegetable be eaten daily.
Health authorities report more than one million dog bites per year.
Health authorities say fourteen medical workers have now died from Ebola.
Health authorities say that more research is needed.
Health authorities say there are several thousand cases in the city.
Health authorities state that it is hazardous only if inhaled or ingested.
All health authorities provide nutrition services primarily through hospitals and health units.
Many health authorities feel that disease begins in the colon .
Some health authorities are willing to pay for it whilst others consider it too expensive.
Some health authorities offer voucher schemes towards the cost of a more expensive wheelchair.
Health behavior can also involve a religious factor.
Health behavior refers to a person's beliefs and actions regarding their health and well-being.
Health behaviors are direct factors in maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
Health behaviors can positively influence a person's risks of developing cancer.
Some health behavior promotes good health.
Some health behavior promotes health.
Health benefits are a concern for all members.
Health benefits are accessible for most temporary workers.
Health benefits are available along with vacation, paid holidays, and industry discounts.
Health benefits are available.
Health benefits are minimal, if available at all.
Health benefits are more likely with plant-based diets.
Health benefits are non-existent.
Health benefits are only slightly different from last year.
Health benefits are provided by plants.
Health benefits are the key employment-based benefit for today's workers.
Health benefits are too important to ignore.
Health benefits include capacity.
Health benefits make up a long list in research report compilations.
Health benefits outweigh cost.
All health benefits cover employees, their spouses, and their eligible dependents.
Most health benefits are nontaxable to employees.
Most health benefits are provided by plants.
Most health benefits outweigh cost.
Some health benefits associate with consumption.
Health boards have a statutory responsibility to promote the welfare of children in their area.
Health campaigns aim to change a large portion of the population.
Most health campaigns recommend abstinence from alcohol during pregnancy.
Health cards are a major new market for smart cards.
Health care facilities employ individuals.
Health care workers find activities.
Health care workers receive hepatitis b vaccines.
Health care workers receive vaccines.
Health care workers use handle precaution.
Health care workers use precaution.
Health care workers use safe handle precaution.
Health care becomes a right for everyone in a very simple way.
Health care becomes an increasingly serious issue as the organism grows older.
Health care becomes more frugal with an emphasis on prevention, self-care and holistic therapies.
Health care begins with a two-way communication between the patient and the provider.
Health care can also be a major problem for low-income households.
Health care can be a hit or miss affair in the isolated hamlets of north-eastern.
Health care can be a large cost, especially for small businesses with small revenues.
Health care can bring a variety of benefits to the collaborative table.
Health care can do more than suture the wound and set the broken jaw.
Health care can only benefit by demonstrating leadership in the drive for quality.
Health care can seem like a maze.
Health care cheats prey on people's hopes and fears.
Health care consists of private, semiprivate, and multiresident rooms.
Health care continues to be a major area of attention.
Health care costs a lot more today than it did a few years ago .
Health care costs a lot more today than it did a few years ago.
Health care costs effects of public use of a regional poison control center.
Health care costs money.
Health care covers all medical procedures and treatments.
Health care delivered in the Nashville Area offers a diversity of options.
Health care equals medical care.
Health care faces a serious manpower shortage in the coming years.
Health care faces many changes and challenges in the coming months and years.
Health care goes beyond getting rid of symptoms or disease.
Health care has a natural constituency - everyone.
Health care has many standards for electronic communications and transactions.
Health care has problems, but no crisis for drastic change.
Health care has to be about more than just research, diagnoses and prescriptions.
Health care has to be rationed either by the market or by political and bureaucratic processes.
Health care has to look at total care of the patient.
Health care holds many particular challenges.
Health care illustrates the candidates different philosophies.
Health care includes deworming, vaccinations, and veterinary services.
Health care includes giving medication, dressing wounds and caring for feet.
Health care includes medical, dental, vision, and mental health services.
Health care includes prenatal and postpartum care.
Health care includes prevention as well as treatment of illness or injury.
Health care includes the major pharmaceutical manufacturers and medical supply companies.
Health care increases likelihood.
Health care involves an agreed transaction between providers and users of services.
Health care involves more than dealing with emergencies.
Health care is a basic human right.
Health care is a big concern when refugees arrive.
Health care is a business and our customers have a choice in where they go for services.
Health care is a business and our customers have choices as to where they go for services.
Health care is a business.
Health care is a challenging, fast-paced, and ultimately rewarding profession.
Health care is a community resource for both prevention and treatment.
Health care is a complex and rapidly changing industry.
Health care is a complex industry that has been resistant to traditional market dynamics.
Health care is a complicated issue and there are a number of concerns to be addressed.
Health care is a complicated subject.
Health care is a controversial subject, but community anger is usually centred on funding issues.
Health care is a critical social good that demands collective interests prevail over private gain.
Health care is a fundamental human right.
Health care is a good example.
Health care is a great profession.
Health care is a growth industry for careers.
Health care is a hot issue in state legislatures across the nation.
Health care is a hot topic in America.
Health care is a huge industry in both the Australian and New Zealand economies.
Health care is a huge part of it.
Health care is a huge, complex and fast-changing field.
Health care is a human endeavor.
Health care is a human experience - people caring for people.
Health care is a human right.
Health care is a justice issue.
Health care is a labor intensive effort.
Health care is a large, diverse and rapidly evolving segment of the economy.
Health care is a local phenomenon.
Health care is a local, personal issue that requires customization.
Health care is a luxury.
Health care is a major concern in many parts of the world.
Health care is a major employer, and Portland offers an array of social services.
Health care is a major issue for American businesses.
Health care is a major issue with the candidates.
Health care is a major quality of life factor and is a critical component of military readiness.
Health care is a major sector of the U.S. economy.
Health care is a national crisis, but more so for women.
Health care is a national problem that needs to be addressed both nationally and locally.
Health care is a necessity.
Health care is a noble and ennobling career.
Health care is a notable example.
Health care is a part of our culture.
Health care is a perennial favorite.
Health care is a prime concern in Florida.
Health care is a prime example.
Health care is a private matter that is the responsibility of each individual.
Health care is a rapidly changing field.
Health care is a rapidly growing field, and the demand for quality documentation is increasing.
Health care is a rapidly growing industry, and the demand for quality documentation is increasing.
Health care is a remarkably information intensive activity.
Health care is a repeat business.
Health care is a right of all individuals.
Health care is a right of every citizen.
Health care is a right, just as education is, just as equal justice under law.
Health care is a right, just like education is, just like equal justice under law.
Health care is a right.
Health care is a serious business.
Health care is a service centered on the well being of the human being.
Health care is a service industry.
Health care is a shared responsibility.
Health care is a similar giant beast that defies productivity accounting.
Health care is a social, rather than a purely economic, good.
Health care is a stringently regulated industry.
Health care is a strong second industry serving all of North Central Florida and beyond.
Health care is a strong second.
Health care is a substantial proportion of the total federal budget.
Health care is a supremely human enterprise.
Health care is a trend-laden industry, and there is a very strong instinct to jump on the bandwagon.
Health care is a Vermont issue.
Health care is a very big business.
Health care is a very complex subject, and it is changing rapidly.
Health care is a vitally important issue in the workplace.
Health care is a wild card for families overseas.
Health care is a zero-sum game.
Health care is about listening, and treating one another with dignity and respect.
Health care is about more than government funding.
Health care is abundant.
Health care is accessible.
Health care is actually the most regulated industry in America.
Health care is adequate for minor medical problems.
Health care is administered under state auspices and all medical and hospital services are free.
Health care is advanced and readily available.
Health care is affected by laws about other topics.
Health care is already a potent political issue, as was seen in the presidential campaign.
Health care is already a right.
Health care is already in trouble due to government control and regulation.
Health care is already one of the most heavily regulated industries in America.
Health care is also a major concern.
Health care is also a major issue.
Health care is also a pressing issue in Mexico City.
Health care is also political, as it was under Serb administration.
Health care is always more than 'health care' in Canada.
Health care is among the most tradition-bound of our social institutions.
Health care is an area of government that is under continual scrutiny.
Health care is an area undergoing rapid, innovative change.
Health care is an area where there is a lot that needs to be done.
Health care is an attractive market for plaintiffs' attorneys for a number of reasons.
Health care is an essential building block of a strong nation.
Health care is an essential element in helping stabilize homeless individuals.
Health care is an excellent example of the difference in political philosophy and structure.
Health care is an extremely important service offered to the students.
Health care is an important part of their ministries.
Health care is an information industry.
Health care is an information intensive activity.
Health care is an integral part of both the community and the information economy.
Health care is an integral part of most treaties.
Health care is an issue that crosses disciplines.
Health care is an issue that has been hotly debated for years.
Health care is an issue that is as politicized as education and social security.
Health care is an issue, and it's a priority.
Health care is an obvious element of our quality of life.
Health care is an ongoing process that requires daily maintenance.
Health care is and has been for the last decade a major issue for our members and allies.
Health care is another area of concern.
Health care is another area where cities and rural areas are increasingly left behind.
Health care is another important issue to both candidates.
Health care is another important service.
Health care is another item of concern for the horse owner.
Health care is another key concern.
Health care is another obstacle.
Health care is another point of dissension between the two Democratic candidates.
Health care is another significant concern for the elderly.
Health care is another story.
Health care is another thriving Cleveland industry.
Health care is as susceptible as other industries to global environmental forces.
Health care is assured.
Health care is at a crisis level.
Health care is at a crossroad and is still evolving.
Health care is attention
Health care is available at the nursing station staffed with a nurse and an assistant.
Health care is available at the on campus clinic.
Health care is available but private care is very expensive.
Health care is available during camp sessions and in residence halls at night.
Health care is available for the poorest, and welfare schemes of one form or another are provided.
Health care is available in the major cities through aid groups.
Health care is available readily.
Health care is available to all in Hungary.
Health care is available to all.
Health care is available, affordable, accessible and equitable.
Health care is better in America.
Health care is big business and big dollars.
Health care is big business.
Health care is bound to be a major issue.
Health care is broken.
Health care is built on trust.
Health care is certain to be a hot topic in Washington for many months to come.
Health care is clearly a big business.
Health care is covered extensively by the news media.
Health care is covered in most cases.
Health care is crucial to the American people.
Health care is current.
Health care is daunting and complex but understandable and manageable.
Health care is defined as services which promote quality of life throughout the life cycle.
Health care is delivered by nurse practitioners.
Health care is delivered in locations and at times convenient for families.
Health care is designed to restore, maintain, and enhance health.
Health care is different.
Health care is essential.
Health care is excellent, with two hospitals, and out-patient medical centers.
Health care is expensive and recent insurance premium increases are shocking.
Health care is expensive.
Health care is extremely costly in the United States.
Health care is extremely fragmented.
Health care is extremely stable, and electronics is showing tremendous internal growth.
Health care is fastest growing service industry in the United States today.
Health care is free and universally available to all residents in Argentina.
Health care is free for all citizens.
Health care is free for all military and their dependents for the most part.
Health care is free, though medicine is in short supply.
Health care is free.
Health care is full of hard decisions.
Health care is funded through a variety of private payers and public programs.
Health care is given regardless of race, religion, sex, national origin, age, lifestyle, or illness.
Health care is good.
Health care is great at any age.
Health care is here to stay.
Health care is high on our list.
Health care is highly underpenetrated, meaning it s mostly self-managed.
Health care is important to everyone in our community.
Health care is important to the people of Southern Saskatchewan.
Health care is important to the well-being of our families.
Health care is important, vaccinations, worming and coggins are current.
Health care is in a mess.
Health care is in constant turmoil.
Health care is in crisis.
Health care is in desperate times.
Health care is in exactly the same place.
Health care is in oversupply.
Health care is in shambles and education is in a crisis.
Health care is in the midst of a tremendous transition - to something uncertain and undefined.
Health care is in trouble, it's really a mess.
Health care is inadequate for the common people.
Health care is inadequate.
Health care is inclined to be traditional.
Health care is informally rationed according to the age of the patient.
Health care is just one of several industry focus areas for the company.
Health care is local.
Health care is mentioned once.
Health care is minimal.
Health care is more serious than haircuts, but the underlying economics are the same.
Health care is more than medicine.
Health care is more than providing care to ill or injured citizens.
Health care is more than the use of provider services.
Health care is mostly nongovernmental organizations and churches.
Health care is much trickier.
Health care is next in the queue.
Health care is no different than any other business.
Health care is no different.
Health care is no exception.
Health care is no longer an entitlement.
Health care is no longer limited to the traditional practice of doctors and nurses.
Health care is now a system of integrated health care delivery networks and managed care providers.
Health care is now almost entirely dependent on international humanitarian assistance.
Health care is now available for extra fees in various places and for various ailments.
Health care is of major importance to pensioners.
Health care is on the ballot.
Health care is on the mind of people today.
Health care is one of the biggest problems in the African-American community.
Health care is one of the fastest growing industries in the nation.
Health care is one of the fastest growing industries in the United States.
Health care is one of the fastest growing professions in America today.
Health care is one of the issues on the table.
Health care is one of the largest economic sectors in the United States.
Health care is one of the more popular web site subjects.
Health care is one of the most difficult benefit areas to manage.
Health care is one of the most highly unionized sectors for women in the paid labour force.
Health care is one of the most important issues in our community today.
Health care is one of the most important public policy issues for older people.
Health care is one of the topics.
Health care is one.
Health care is one-seventh of our economy.
Health care is only a block away.
Health care is only one of the Benedictine ministries.
Health care is oriented toward promoting and maintaining health, with an emphasis on prevention.
Health care is our fastest growing segment.
Health care is out for bids.
Health care is paid for by private funds and by private and public insurance programs.
Health care is personal.
Health care is poor, or non-existent, and educational opportunities are the same.
Health care is practically non-existent.
Health care is practically nonexistent.
Health care is prescribed for each person specifically to meet that individuality.
Health care is probably the largest one.
Health care is provided at little or no cost to Indiana families enrolled in the program.
Health care is provided at no charge to elegible patients.
Health care is provided at primary, secondary and tertiary health care facilities.
Health care is provided by a modern full service hospital.
Health care is provided by a staff of physicians, nurse practitioner and registered nurses.
Health care is provided by our permanent school nurse and by the school doctor on weekly visits.
Health care is provided by two qualified nurses and a nursing assistant on site.
Health care is provided daily by a nurse practitioner and several hours per week by a physician.
Health care is provided in a unique environment wherein there is no consumer.
Health care is provided in most cases.
Health care is provided on campus.
Health care is provided on grounds by a local physician.
Health care is provided through a variety of institutions and programs.
Health care is provided through an on-site health supervisor.
Health care is provided through direct care, contract care, or tribally operated facilities.
Health care is provided to all citizens at no charge.
Health care is reasonable and reasonably priced.
Health care is reminiscent of childhood.
Health care is seen as a business around the world, mostly concerned with costs and profits.
Health care is segregated and often it is difficult for a woman to see a male specialist.
Health care is serious business.
Health care is social insurance.
Health care is state of the art.
Health care is still a great place to be working.
Health care is still a mess.
Health care is still very much a person to person issue for many clients.
Health care is such a service.
Health care is such an integral part of our work.
Health care is the big issue here . . . .
Health care is the business of the patient.
Health care is the fifth most searched category on the Web.
Health care is the highest priority by a wide margin, according to the poll.
Health care is the largest public spending programme in government.
Health care is the last major sector to be considered for post-communist reorganisation.
Health care is the most famous item on the list.
Health care is the most highly regulated industry.
Health care is the most obvious example.
Health care is the most prominent example, but there are countless others.
Health care is the number one preoccupation in Canada.
Health care is the number one profit industry in the country.
Health care is the number-one kitchen table issue for many women.
Health care is the second largest employment sector in the greater Washington D.C. area.
Health care is the second largest industry in the United States.
Health care is the second most frequently searched topic on the Internet.
Health care is therefore another priority of the new Palestinian government.
Health care is to some extent driven by insurance.
Health care is too important a public investment to be the subject of undetected fraud or abuse.
Health care is too important to be left in the hands of the current inspection system.
Health care is too important, and too expensive, to go unmanaged.
Health care is truly a commitment to wholeness and involves the nurturing of our unified being.
Health care is two words.
Health care is ultimately about more than just money and convenience, of course.
Health care is under attack from just about every angle.
Health care is unique.
Health care is unquestionably important in the early months of pregnancy.
Health care is usually the responsibility of the work unit.
Health care is very different from the Internet.
Health care is very expensive in the United States.
Health care is very expensive.
Health care is very important to the economic future of all Missouri communities.
Health care is very important to the economic future of Missouri communities.
Health care is very personal.
Health care is very reliant on team work.
Health care is viewed as a fundamental right of all people.
Health care is vitally important to everyone.
Health care is wellness programs emphasizing education, exercise and healthy eating.
Health care is, in fact, quite different in three important ways.
Health care is, in many respects, an information industry.
Health care keeps declining and the costs keep climbing.
Health care keeps popping up in the movie.
Health care kicks ass.
Health care leads education, taxes, unemploy-ment, poverty and national unity.
Health care leads education, taxes, unemployment, poverty and national unity.
Health care means care, services, or supplies related to the health of an individual.
Health care means health related treatment or advice from a licensed health care provider.
Health care needs assessment and rationing.
Health care needs assessment.
Health care needs change throughout the life cycle.
Health care needs fixing for everyone.
Health care needs for travellers.
Health care needs increase as a person ages.
Health care needs our leadership now more than ever.
Health care needs to be addressed more seriously.
Health care needs to develop a new ethical analysis, a new base.
Health care needs vary from person to person, age to age, and situation to situation.
Health care needs.
Health care offers an array of career options that continue to expand every day.
Health care offers opportunities to work both with people as well as with high tech equipment.
Health care ought to be a matter of right.
Health care presents a great number of questions and issues.
Health care presents no problem.
Health care provides an example of such inequality.
Health care ranks among the top issues driving the campaign, behind education and the economy.
Health care rationing is an economic imperative.
Health care relies on a partnership.
Health care remains an integral part of our overall readiness.
Health care remains an issue of tremendous importance to voters.
Health care remains one of the most important and difficult issues for the American people.
Health care remains the public's highest priority by far, as a slew of recent polls have shown.
Health care represents only one field needing people with electronic and computer skills.
Health care restructuring across the country offers new challenges in women's health.
Health care saves lives more than it places people in coffins.
Health care seems to be the area's main growth industry.
Health care seems to be very inadequate and a long distance away.
Health care spends two to three percent.
Health care sucks.
Health care suffers in quality when it is segregated.
Health care supports a substantial part of the region's economic base.
Health care tends to be a little less efficient with records.
Health care touches the lives of everyone young or old.
All health care has philosophical roots.
All health care is free in Cuba.
All health care is outpatient based.
Any health care provide who works with trauma patients.
Most health care increases likelihood.
Most health care is free, but some hospitals charge patients a fee to help recover costs.
Most health care is provided as a public service.
Much health care exists to help people who are suffering .
Much health care exists to help people who are suffering.
Health center is located in the shopping center.
Health centers are experts in primary care.
Health centers can run into roadblocks in determining the appropriate buildings for their needs.
Health centers continue to face challenges in a changing marketplace.
Health centers continue to receive a steady stream of reports about the ruse.
Health centers do it cost effectively.
Health centers focus on wellness and early prevention.
Health centers offer signage and other materials in multiple languages.
Health centers operate full-time clinics, some of which provide emergency services.
Health centers provide challenging locations for resident training programs run by hospitals.
All health centers charge patients according to a sliding fee scale based on income.
Many health centers offer evening and weekend hours.
Most health centers offer support groups that involve and benefit both the student and family.
Health centres are an integral part of the provincial health services system.
Health centres are now available in all sub-districts.
Health centres provide a wide variety of health promotion and community programs.
Health centres use a needs assessment guide to complete client related information.
Health claims are great marketing tools.
Health claims are subject to special nutritional labeling.
Health claims can include implied claims, which indirectly assert a diet-disease relationship.
Health claims describe nutritional benefits that a specific food product offers.
Health claims require prior regulatory approval.
Health Claims Watch for the calcium health claim on food labels.
Health clinics can give out contraceptives when indicated, but in private.
Health clinics serve family members.
Health clinics serve members.
Any health clinic is an enormous operation to manage.
Most health clinics serve family members.
Most health clinics serve members.
Some health clinics serve ethiopian families.
Some health clinics serve families.
A health club is an establishment
Health club has an indoor pool, hot tubs along with a complete exercise facility.
Health club is open all year around.
Health club passes, heated outdoor pool, spa.
Health club passes.
Health clubs are a great place to go.
Health clubs are increasingly popular in major Asian cities as well.
Health clubs are the second market.
Health clubs are to expensive and uptight.
Health clubs call or e-mail for corporate programs.
Health clubs can offer a relaxing massage, a sauna or beauty treatment.
Health clubs can show-off their gym facilities and the amenities in the locker rooms.
Health clubs flourish.
Health clubs have an interest in making that easy for their customers.
Health clubs have banks of screens in front of the treadmills and stair climbers.
Health clubs have policies urging their instructors to keep the music lower.
Health clubs offer several membership packages tailored to individual budgets and exercise needs.
Many health clubs have boxing-type classes.
Many health clubs have four day seminars where anybody who can study can pass their exam.
Many health clubs offer programs for both the prenatal and postpartum periods.
Many health clubs offer promotional memberships at scattered times throughout the year.
Many health clubs offer Spinning classes, so call around.
Many health clubs offer the classes.
Many health clubs provide the services of a personal trainer.
Most health clubs have regular spinning classes.
Most health clubs make referrals.
Most health clubs offer a free gym membership to instructors.
Most health clubs offer a wide array of cardiovascular machines that provide different challenges.
Most health clubs offer day care for a minimal hourly fee.
Most health clubs sponsor at least one slide aerobics class a week.
Some health clubs have shorter hours or are closed on holidays.
Some health clubs offer a free week-long pass.
Some health clubs offer shower-only memberships for a few dollars a month.
Health complications arising from colds are rare, but sometimes occur.
Health concern relates to development.
Health concerns are a big factor for the majority of people living in big cities.
Health concerns are a continuous challenge and ease of application a primary goal.
Health concerns are a leading consumer motivator.
Health concerns are among the most frequent of the reference questions posed by patrons.
Health concerns are another long term-effect some residents are asking about.
Health concerns can arise for vegetarians because of limited food choices.
Health concerns come into focus when unusual types and numbers of moulds grow indoors.
Health concerns cross international boundaries.
Health concerns Jumping with a head cold can lead to ruptured sinuses and ruptured ear drums.
All health concerns have an emotional label, or attachment.
Most health concern relates to development.
Most health concerns can wait until morning for treatment.
Some health concern focuses on children.
Some health concern includes allergies.
Some health concern includes diseases.
Some health concern includes infectious diseases.
Some health concern relates to hearts.
Some health concerns are clearly attributable to the occupational hazards of farm work.
Some health concerns are ear infections and moist dermatitis.
Health conditions affect children.
Health conditions affect people.
Health conditions have effects.
Health conditions have side effects.
Health conditions require attention.
Health conditions require medical attention.
Health consumers can depend on it for links to accurate, current, medical information.
Health costs are a significant concern to employers, especially for older workers.
Health costs are also considerable.
Health costs are among the biggest expenses for companies.
Health costs are growing more slowly, report says.
Health costs are high, especially outside Canada.
Health costs are the major cause of personal bankruptcy.
Health costs continue to rise, while available funds for employee benefits are shrinking.
Health costs run a fever.
Health counselors coordinate patient treatments.
Health counselors coordinate treatments.
Health counselors provide treatments.
Health counselors use behavioral therapy.
Health counselors use cognitive behavioral therapy.
Health counselors use cognitive therapy.
Health counselors use therapy.
Health counselors use tools.
Health counselors work full time.
Health counselors work time.
Health crisis exist and transportation to medical institution is needed.
Every health crisis can be an emotional drain.
Some health crises lead wives.
Health data are among the most sensitive information about individuals.
Health data confirm dramatic increases in the populations of people of color.
Health data is more than just a fun thing to mull over, though.
Health data is recognized as one of the most sensitive cases of personal data.
Health data omit income and quality of care variables.
Most health data is compiled and distributed by the federal government.
Health department cites old abandoned vehicles as potential healh hazard.
Health departments are collections of fiefdoms.
Health departments are usually substantially cheaper.
Health departments can provide information on testing private wells.
Health departments investigate suspected outbreaks for a variety of reasons.
Health departments use the data for a variety of purposes.
Every health department protects the privacy of patients in partner notification activities.
Many health departments perform the screening blood test for free or at low cost.
Many health departments work with local veterinarians to safely and humanely euthanize bats.
Some health departments conduct investigations.
Some health departments go out and work with a hospital community over there.
Some health departments treat requests with suspicion.
Health determinants are multidimensional and multi-sectoral.
Health disparities are extremely complex.
Health district uses it for leach fields in developments.
Health districts rely on private rather than public funding for most of their revenue.
Health economists analyze habits.
Health economists analyze lifestyle habits.
Health economists say most medical needs are unpredictable.
Most health economists analyze habits.
Most health economists analyze lifestyle habits.
Health education achieves it's best results when backed up by increased taxes on tobacco.
Health education approaches to alcoholism, drug dependency, and addiction.
Health education benefits everyone.
Health education can include health promotion, wellness, health consumerism, and patient education.
Health education continues through radio and mobile vans.
Health education equips students to assess risks in an informed manner in their everyday lives.
Health education focuses on health promotion and wellness.
Health education focuses on water treatment, hygiene and preparing for floods.
Health education includes physical fitness, safety, first aid, etc.
Health education is a central component of community health.
Health education is a common subject across most schools and districts.
Health education is a fundamental step to promoting awareness of the consequences of tobacco use.
Health education is a great place to do that.
Health education is a major component of their projects.
Health education is a major issue facing the citizens of Robeson County.
Health education is a multi-disciplinary study.
Health education is a required component of screening services and includes anticipatory guidance.
Health education is a teacher's field.
Health education is also an important part of our job.
Health education is also important.
Health education is also part of the program.
Health education is an example.
Health education is an integral part of primary care.
Health education is an integral part of the curriculum and also a part of the way of life.
Health education is an integral part of the school program.
Health education is another class that is well attended.
Health education is available for a variety of conditions.
Health education is available for groups or individuals.
Health education is available to groups or individuals.
Health education is built into the community school in many different ways.
Health education is difficult here.
Health education is given according to the prepared plan.
Health education is given in relation to the needs of each client.
Health education is incorporated in the physical education program.
Health education is most effective if part of the school health program.
Health education is most effective when using interactive methods in a skills-based approach.
Health education is offered to students with any major in secondary school teacher education.
Health education is our focus.
Health education is part of diagnosis and treatment.
Health education is taught like other important academic subjects.
Health education is too time-consuming for doctors or busy health care workers to do.
Health education majors only, with permission of department chairman.
Health education needs.
Health education occurs in relation to many contextual factors.
Health education recognizes that each individual is multidimensional.
Health education reports.
Health education requires intensive specialized study.
Health education supports healthier life styles.
Health education works.
Health educators are also available for health fairs.
Health educators are also on hand to promote the benefits of maintaining good health.
Health educators are an integral component of the health team serving our nation.
Health educators are available for individual consultation with students.
Health educators are available for information and individual or couple instruction.
Health educators are available to assist.
Health educators are excited about it as a powerful way to reach students without preaching.
Health educators become experts at group process and communication.
Health educators can request free samples to preview before purchasing.
Health educators design and prepare health education materials.
Health educators do many things in a variety of different settings.
Health educators facilitate voluntary adaptations of behavior conducive to health.
Health educators provide services in communities, corporations, medical facilities, and schools.
Health educators seek help in handling controversy.
Health educators teach people about behaviors that promote wellness.
Health educators train staff and volunteers.
Health educators view optimal health as a multifaceted health status impacted by personal behaviors.
Health educators work extensively with teens and pre-teens.
Health educators work full time.
Health educators work in offices.
Health educators work time.
Health educators work to help individuals and groups of people improve their health.
Many health educators wish they had more time to plan programs.
Most health educators work full time.
Most health educators work in offices.
Most health educators work time.
Some health educators identify common health problems.
Some health educators identify common problems.
Some health educators identify health problems.
Some health educators identify problems.
Health effects are devastating.
Health effects are difficult to determine, because other chemicals are usually involved.
Health effects are greatiy Increased by exercising outdoors durlng hot, hazy, sunny days with smog.
Health effects are minimal.
Health effects are similar whether cyanides are breathed, ingested, or come in contact with skin.
Health effects associated with the use of terpenes are still unclear.
Health effects can be permanent.
Health effects get more severe as blood lead levels increase.
Health effects linked to low-dose exposure include brain cancer among nuclear industry workers.
Health effects vary with type of radiation.
Most health effects result from chronic exposure.
Some health effects are caused by air pollution.
Some health effects are caused by pollution.
Some health effects are produced by food staples.
Some health effects are produced by staples.
Some health effects occur in patients.
Some health effects occur in women.
Some health effects relate to exposure.
Some health effects relate to mold exposure.
Some health effects result from environmental exposure.
Some health effects result from exposure.
Health ethics devolves to managing access to paid services.
Health expenditure varies considerably among different age and sex groups.
Health expenditures remain much lower.
Health experts maintain services.
Health experts offer ideas.
Health experts recommend diets.
Health experts recommend prove strategies.
Health experts recommend strategies.
A health facility is a building
Health facilities are available at all times to campers if required.
Health facilities are inadequate and inaccessible to most of the rural population.
Health facilities are limited.
Health facilities are poor and inadequate to meet the needs of sudden emergencies.
Health facilities are very adequate, and a hospital with an English-speaking staff is available.
Health facilities can be profitable enterprises of a nonprofit organization.
Health facilities exist that are in place solely for the purpose of treating STDs.
Health facilities have been overwhelmed by the sudden burden of patients , the report says.
Health fair follows awards ceremony.
Health fairs are an on-going commitment which IORS provides to the communities.
Health food can shrink brains of the middle-aged, says study.
Health food is a multi-billion dollar industry.
Health food is food.
Health food is solid food
Health food prepared by the hostess served at the family table makes for a homely atmosphere.
Health foods have a lot of different meanings to a lot of different people.
Some health food contains soy.
Health forums exist in all States and Territories to implement the agreements.
Health fraud is a business that sells false hope.
Health fraud is big business.
Many health frauds become fads.
A health hazard is risk
Health hazards are everywhere.
Health hazards are hazards.
Health hazards are our other big problem due to the location near lakes.
Health hazards are particularly important.
Health hazards can be physical, ergonomic, chemical, biological or psychological in nature.
Health hazards can range from minor to life threatening.
Health hazards can result in chemically induced immediate or delayed health effects.
Health hazards range from infections to irritant and toxic type allergic reactions.
Health hazards resulting from the use of animals in research are commonplace.
Health hazards Smoke pollution from burning vegetation sometimes causes death and illness.
Some health hazards can be acute, others chronic.
Some health hazards occur immediately.
Health improvement increases capacity.
Health improvement increases carry capacity.
Health improvement increases human capacity.
Health improvement increases human carry capacity.
Health indicators are generally poor.
Health indicators are measures of outcomes.
Health inequalities continue to worsen.
Health informatics is the application of computer science and information technology to healthcare.
Health informatics is thus an essential and pervasive element in all healthcare activity.
Health information abounds on site after site.
Health information abounds on the Internet.
Health information becomes a consumer tool when it provides the very best in user Information.
Health information can be tricky or controversial.
Health information covers diseases of the heart, lungs, and blood.
Health information found on the web can often be confusing, misleading and even false.
Health information includes baby care and a childrens educations page.
Health information is abundant, especially on the Internet.
Health information is also a huge part of newer media, like cable television and the internet.
Health information is among the most sensitive information about individuals.
Health information is among the most sensitive information there is about individuals.
Health information is available for consumers on many topics.
Health information is available in several electronic formats.
Health information is considered confidential.
Health information is from personal knowledge or family tradition.
Health information is often complex and technical.
Health information is one of the top three areas that Canadian men and women research online.
Health information is one of the top three topics of interest to users of the Web.
Health information is protected by law.
Health information is some of the most popular content on the Internet.
Health information is special by nature.
Health information is the cornerstone of any facility compliance plan.
Health information is the lifeblood of the health care system.
Health information is the number one topic people look for in the internet.
Health information is unique and requires special safeguards to protect confidentiality.
Health information is vital to individuals and organizations alike.
Health information is widely available.
Health information keeps changing as ongoing research leads to new insights.
Health information needs to be collected, secured, processed, coded, managed.
Health information regarding conditions in other nations is updated on a continuing basis.
Health information sheets on specific health problems.
All health information is confidential.
All health information is held in the strictest confidence.
All health information is important and deserves equal protection.
More health information is better.
Most health information resides with patients and their families.
Health inspections are frequent and fines are given from minor things like dirty dishes.
Health inspectors are concerned about food, drugs, cosmetics, and other products.
Health inspectors are government workers.
Health inspectors are health professionals.
Health inspectors are quick to shut down a food processing plant if nuisance birds are found inside.
Health inspectors say no.
Health inspectors visit the markets to ensure they are clean and well maintained.
Health inspectors visit the pool at least once a year in most areas.
Any health inspector can close any restaurant or convenience store at any time.
Many health inspectors work for State and local governments.
Health insurance assures that in an emergency students can receive treatment quickly off-campus.
Health insurance becomes effective on the first of the month following the date of employment.
Health insurance benefits a.
Health insurance can be a headache for grandchildren.
Health insurance can be complicated.
Health insurance can be quite complicated.
Health insurance can pay a persons medical expenses for sickness or accidents.
Health insurance can prevent children from ever needing the child welfare system.
Health insurance comes in three basic forms.
Health insurance continues to be a driving issue.
Health insurance covers a variety of costs.
Health insurance covers hospitalization costs.
Health insurance covers the basic costs of medical care.
Health insurance covers the costs of medical care due to illness.
Health insurance deserves the same attention.
Health insurance equals access to health care.
Health insurance excludes any injuries that are work or job related.
Health insurance exists to protect individuals from unexpected occurrences.
Health insurance features pertain to how the insurance program is structured.
Health insurance finances the system and health care costs are rising.
Health insurance helps kids stay healthy.
Health insurance helps to defray some of the cost for some persons.
Health insurance helps with expenses incurred by receiving medical care off campus.
Health insurance Identify and manage personal health risks using a variety of options.
Health insurance includes vision coverage and is available to employees at no cost.
Health insurance including emergency repatriation cover is essential.
Health insurance is a big one.
Health insurance is a concern.
Health insurance is a critical employment benefit for many Milwaukee families.
Health insurance is a critical safety net for children.
Health insurance is a familiar vehicle to cover hospital and medical bills.
Health insurance is a gamble.
Health insurance is a great tool for attracting and retaining quality employees.
Health insurance is a luxury.
Health insurance is a major concern for the self-employed.
Health insurance is a means of protection from uncertain, future loss.
Health insurance is a most in today's expensive health world.
Health insurance is a necessary evil.
Health insurance is a particular concern to many graduate students.
Health insurance is a special concern.
Health insurance is a very emotional and complicated issue.
Health insurance is a voluntary benefit for employees.
Health insurance is a voluntary benefit provided by employers to their employees.
Health insurance is accepted.
Health insurance is actually a system for arranging payments for medical services.
Health insurance is advised.
Health insurance is all but non-existent for workers paid the bottom rate.
Health insurance is allowable for trainee and eligible family members.
Health insurance is also a factor to be negotiated with the sponsor.
Health insurance is also available for students.
Health insurance is also available to family members.
Health insurance is also available to members through an association- sponsored plan.
Health insurance is also available to students' dependents for an additional fee.
Health insurance is also available.
Health insurance is an absolute necessity to provide medical care in the case of illness or injury.
Health insurance is an employee benefit that many young people take for granted.
Health insurance is an ever-increasing expense as the baby boomer generation retires.
Health insurance is an expensive benefit.
Health insurance is an important fringe benefit for many workers.
Health insurance is an ongoing problem for many missionaries and their families.
Health insurance is an option which is strongly encouraged.
Health insurance is another big issue.
Health insurance is another concern.
Health insurance is another consideration.
Health insurance is another major expense in some provinces and is covered in a later section.
Health insurance is another tricky issue for college students and parents.
Health insurance is arranged through the company.
Health insurance is available after one year of current continuous employment.
Health insurance is available and it is inexpensive.
Health insurance is available at a nominal charge.
Health insurance is available for purchase at the beginning of each semester.
Health insurance is available for purchase to students who have no coverage.
Health insurance is available from a number of insurance companies.
Health insurance is available in any insurance company in the city.
Health insurance is available now, just point and click.
Health insurance is available on a group rate basis.
Health insurance is available on an annual , spring semester or summer-only basis.
Health insurance is available through a group policy.
Health insurance is available through the City of Springfield.
Health insurance is available to any enrolled student.
Health insurance is available to graduate assistants for a moderate monthly fee.
Health insurance is available to individuals and groups.
Health insurance is available.
Health insurance is bid each year with the involvement of an insurance committee.
Health insurance is charged to all full-time students.
Health insurance is comparable to non-taxable income.
Health insurance is compulsory for international students.
Health insurance is considered a basic benefit by most workers.
Health insurance is critical.
Health insurance is essential .
Health insurance is essential and it is advisable to include cover for emergency air evacuation.
Health insurance is essential.
Health insurance is generally available through groups and to individuals.
Health insurance is important in getting needed care.
Health insurance is important to cover unexpected, large medical bills.
Health insurance is inadequate for people with all kinds of chronic health problems.
Health insurance is included in the fee.
Health insurance is included.
Health insurance is insurance
Health insurance is insurance.
Health insurance is linked to employment, and job security is history.
Health insurance is mandatory and is included in the above figure for tuition and fees.
Health insurance is mandatory for all international students.
Health insurance is mandatory for all students.
Health insurance is mandatory for international students and student athletes.
Health insurance is mandatory for international students on student visas.
Health insurance is mandatory for international students.
Health insurance is mandatory prior to beginning clinical experiences.
Health insurance is mandatory.
Health insurance is meant to cover medical care associated with an illness.
Health insurance is more complex than life and retirement insurance.
Health insurance is more expensive and, for some people, virtually unavailable.
Health insurance is much more complicated to administer because of asymmetrical information.
Health insurance is necessary in the United States because of the high cost of medical care.
Health insurance is never a bad idea for any traveller.
Health insurance is no exception.
Health insurance is no-fault.
Health insurance is nothing more than prepayment of future health services by a group of persons.
Health insurance is now the equivalent of auto insurance that covers fill-ups and oil changes.
Health insurance is offered for an additional charge and is optional for most students.
Health insurance is offered if the time of service is at least one year.
Health insurance is offered on a claims-made basis with no guarantee of continued coverage.
Health insurance is often an issue as well when one parent decides to stay at home.
Health insurance is one of the biggest challenges full-timers face.
Health insurance is one of the most confusing issues facing individuals today.
Health insurance is one of the most familiar types of insurance out there.
Health insurance is paid by the school district.
Health insurance is paid for fellows.
Health insurance is part of the social safety net in every other major democracy.
Health insurance is perhaps the most significant.
Health insurance is private and subsidized.
Health insurance is protection against the high cost of medical care.
Health insurance is provided and sixteen hours of vacation are accrued monthly.
Health insurance is provided at no cost to the employee only.
Health insurance is provided for full time associates.
Health insurance is provided for full time employees.
Health insurance is provided for students at a small cost.
Health insurance is provided for students at no extra cost.
Health insurance is provided to all students who have stipends.
Health insurance is provided to employees as a fringe benefit.
Health insurance is provided to volunteers for the duration of their stay.
Health insurance is provided, as well as one trip to a professional conference per year.
Health insurance is provided.
Health insurance is really important for everybody.
Health insurance is recommended as costs for other categories of treatment are high.
Health insurance is recommended to cover emergency evacuation.
Health insurance is recommended.
Health insurance is required at the expense of the student.
Health insurance is required by all students attending our program.
Health insurance is required by the clinical affiliate sites while in the clinical rotation.
Health insurance is required for all full-time students.
Health insurance is required for all international students.
Health insurance is required for all participants.
Health insurance is required for enrollment.
Health insurance is required for full-time students.
Health insurance is required for international students.
Health insurance is required for private medical care .
Health insurance is required for the student and dependents in the United States.
Health insurance is required of all students enrolled in the field instruction program.
Health insurance is required of all students.
Health insurance is required of each student.
Health insurance is required of graduate students.
Health insurance is required of international students and dependents.
Health insurance is required of international students and student athletes.
Health insurance is required to register, and is available on most campuses.
Health insurance is required while registered in clinical courses.
Health insurance is required.
Health insurance is the benefit most used and valued by workers and their families, surveys show.
Health insurance is the main attraction.
Health insurance is the most common benefit offered by small businesses.
Health insurance is the most costly fringe benefit.
Health insurance is the norm.
Health insurance is the only protection against the cost of an unexpected emergency or illness.
Health insurance is the responsibility of individual delegates.
Health insurance is the ticket to getting access to health care.
Health insurance is the ultimate bundled product.
Health insurance is to be paid by separate check at registration.
Health insurance is too expensive.
Health insurance is unlike any other insurance.
Health insurance is very expensive in the United States.
Health insurance is very expensive.
Health insurance is very lucrative.
Health insurance mediates some pain associated with cost.
Health insurance offers protection against high U.S. medical expenses.
Health insurance pays for the majority of medical costs when a person is sick or injured.
Health insurance plays a significant role in our nation.
Health insurance provides another example of government policies gone awry.
Health insurance provides children with a more positive future and a better chance of success.
Health insurance provides financial support for medical-related costs.
Health insurance quotes nationwide online for self-employed, small business, individuals, families.
Health insurance takes away the uncertainty.
Health insurance Taking out private health insurance is one way of planning for health expenses.
Health insurance turns down workers comp cases.
Health insurance worries the swiss.
All health insurance is guaranteed renewable.
Most health insurance is experience-rated.
Most health insurance offers counseling services.
Most health insurance pays for the newborn test.
Most health insurance sold in Washington state today operates under the principle of managed care.
Some health insurance covers all or part of the procedure.
Health insurers are exempt from federal antitrust regulation.
Health insurers can demand discounts because the nation has an oversupply of hospitals.
Health insurers have a different take.
Health insurers have qualification standards.
Health insurers ought to cover reproductive health and pregnancy prevention.
Health insurers say they're the ones getting a bad rap.
Health insurers send paper verification forms.
Most health interventions have both desirable and undesirable effects.
Health issues change over time.
Health issues impact health.
Health issues include problems.
Health issues require care.
Health issues require medical care.
Health laboratories report results.
Health law encompasses the operation and regulation of health care institutions and professionals.
Health law is a burgeoning area of study, practice, litigation, and research.
Health law is a growing field.
Health libraries review.
Health literacy includes an overall understanding of how to use the health care system.
Health literacy is a problem without a defined constituency.
Health literacy is about the entire process of exchanging healthcare information.
Health literacy is of great value to patients and clinicians alike.
Health literacy is the ability to read, understand, and act on health care information.
Health literacy means more than being able to read pamphlets and successfully make appointments.
Health magazine is easy to read and quite entertaining.
Health maintenance is a priority.
Health maintenance is positive.
Health maintenance is the key to a long life.
Health maintenance needs to be considered at every visit.
Health maintenance revolves around tipping the balance in the favor of the calf.
Health management demands a lifelong commitment.
Health management involves an integrated program of precautions, procedures and treatments.
Health management is a particularly weak area in Yemen.
Health management is also an important element of the program.
Health management is much more than a vaccination program.
Health ministers discuss import of British beef Berlin.
Health ministry reclaims ancient traditions of healing ministry in a faith community.
Health monitoring is especially valuable because it often addresses environmental justice issues.
Health observances are days, weeks, or months devoted to promoting particular health concerns.
Health officer meets with city officials about the outbreak and notifies provincial authorities.
Health officers say they just have to wait for the bacteria levels to drop.
Health officers wake up.
Health officials understand patterns.
Health organizations are so reliant on other industries.
Health organizations can realize substantial savings from a connected supply chain solution.
Health organizations make recommendations.
Health organizations support supervision.
Many health organizations discourage the use of artificial coloring and encourage their avoidance.
Many health organizations employ sales personnel.
Most health organizations make recommendations.
Most health organizations support supervision.
Health physicists are in demand in the job market, and the outlook for jobs in the future is good.
Health physics involves the protection of people work with are near radiation.
Health physics is a growing area where many employment opportunities exist.
Health physics is a growing area with many employment opportunities.
Health plan can cancel the agent's contract with the company.
Health plan gets high marks from many, but people with special needs report problems.
Health plan means an individual or group plan that provides, or pays the cost of, medical care.
Health plans are also useful for certain student interventions.
Health plans are organized by state name and contact information is provided.
Health plans are particularly aware of the importance of breast cancer screenings.
Health plans are responsible for assuring that contracts are in place.
Health plans are responsible for utilization management.
Health plans are subject to additional standards.
Health plans are under pressure to improve.
Health plans are very much in danger of becoming transaction-based commodities.
Health plans can also save money by forming networks of medical providers who discount their fees.
Health plans can also use NPIs to communicate with health care providers.
Health plans can be very convoluted systems.
Health plans can exclude medical terminology in their assessment of the readability level.
Health plans can post information once for all providers to review.
Health plans cite budget act's payment cuts, risk adjustment plan.
Health plans compensate physicians in several ways.
Health plans compete by selling professionals at the deepest discount.
Health plans compete for members, and the members are requesting access to alternative health care.
Health plans differ in how they relate to hospices.
Health plans have no accountability for their decisions to deny needed care and treatment.
Health plans hope for better outcomes and more satisfied patients.
Health plans hope to rein in utilization by raising pharmacy copayments.
Health plans limit doctors' ability to make the best choices for their patients.
Health plans offered by employers tend to underfund mental health benefits.
Health plans ought to do more than just pay lip service to the goal of quality in health care.
Health plans point out they've kept down premiums for businesses and patients alike.
Health plans recruit new members aggressively.
Health plans require member eligibility and benefit verification.
Health plans submit audited data on key clinical service measures.
Health plans track how much of the premium dollar is spent on health care.
Health plans use formularies in a variety of ways.
Health plans use formularies to control the cost of pharmaceutical health care.
Health plans use various criteria to recruit physician and hospital providers.
Health plans utilize a broad array of home care services to maximize their managed care strategies.
All health plans cover the nicotine patch, nicotine gum, and zyban as a prescription drug benefit.
All health plans have some formal process for appealing a denied claim.
All health plans sold to small employers in Connecticut are guaranteed issue.
All health plans sold to small employers in Idaho are guaranteed issue.
Every health plan is required by Florida law to have a grievance procedure.
Many health plans cover screening mammograms.
Many health plans have information on doctors and their availability on the web.
Many health plans have telephone nurse advice.
Many health plans provide coverage for our testing services.
Many health plans provide information to doctors about quality of care.
Many health plans provide limited or no coverage of the five most effective non-permanent methods.
Many health plans publish patient education materials in various languages.
Many health plans require a primary care physician referral for specialty services.
Many health plans sing shiny yet frozen, and evening changed they.
Most health plans allow policy holders to change their primary doctors without penalty.
Most health plans cite low payment rates as the reason for their lack of participation.
Most health plans cover second opinions under certain circumstances.
Most health plans cover treatment of alcohol abuse and other illegal drug use problems.
Most health plans have physician enrollment forms that are one or two pages long.
Most health plans offered by medical insurancers pay for neonatal circumcision.
Some health plans are better than others.
Some health plans are including prescription drug costs in their capitated payments to physicians.
Some health plans cover genetic counseling and infertility services.
Some health plans cover or help cover the cost of counseling.
Some health plans employ their own physicians to provide treatment to their members.
Some health plans know something's going on.
Some health plans pay for the immunizations which usually create lifetime immunity to infection.
Some health plans provide a direct link to their vision care provider.
Some health plans survey their members about how satisfied they have been with services.
Health policies can offer many options and vary in their approaches to coverage.
Health policies require all swimmers to take a complete soap shower before using the pool or spa.
Health policy analyses.
Health policy exercises.
Health policy includes a political componant.
Health policy includes legislative issues and much more.
Health policy is a good example.
Health policy is daily front page news.
Health policy is negative when a problem is identified and officials decline to act on the problem.
All health policies require the informed support of the people they aim to benefit.
Many health policies have deductibles.
Health practitioners can also obtain display posters, stickers and take-home reminder cards.
Health practitioners have irregular times during the day when they can return phone calls.
Health practitioners say hand washing is key.
Every health practitioner faces pressures from every direction.
Many health practitioners recommend a hypoallergenic diet.
Most health practitioners acknowledge the existence of the subconscious.
Most health practitioners are familiar with other professionals in the community.
Some health practitioners recommend up to one full year of rest for adrenal burn-out.
Some health practitioners relate toxins to specific diseases.
Health privacy is different from financial privacy.
A health problem is a pathological state
Health problem is less serious than first imagined.
Health problems abound that many attribute to wind-borne chemicals.
Health problems are a major impediment to development and to globalisation.
Health problems are also economic problems.
Health problems are caused by black mold.
Health problems are caused by deficiencies.
Health problems are caused by mold.
Health problems are caused by obesity.
Health problems are caused by toxic black mold.
Health problems are caused by toxic mold.
Health problems are common as well.
Health problems are few in Europe.
Health problems are on the increase.
Health problems are rampant.
Health problems are rife.
Health problems are still chronic, education standards poor, living conditions often atrocious.
Health problems associate with inflammation.
Health problems begin to take their toll, both mentally and physically.
Health problems begin.
Health problems can also necessitate a reduced course load.
Health problems can be due to both overeating and abstention from food.
Health problems can cause change in many different parts of life.
Health problems can cause litterbox problems.
Health problems can develop as a result of carrying too much weight.
Health problems can lead to more muscle loss or damage.
Health problems can occur when blood sugars stay high.
Health problems can occur where eutrophic conditions interfere with drinking water treatment .
Health problems can occur with a predominantly fish-based diet.
Health problems caused by mercury are most severe for a developing fetus and for young children.
Health problems caused by tobacco use are highly preventable.
Health problems continue to plague the Indian population.
Health problems cost money in lost wages and health care costs.
Health problems determine the goal and the cures required determine the choice of thermal spa.
Health problems develop, they contend, when blockages occur.
Health problems force sale.
Health problems investigated include asthma, cancer, diabetes, and smoking.
Health problems make independent living a struggle.
Health problems mean the worker is unable to return to work.
Health problems need care.
Health problems occur when our lead intake exceeds the body's purifying abilities.
Health problems occur when the supply of cholesterol in the blood exceeds the body's demands for it.
Health problems persist.
Health problems play a significant role in the quantity and quality of adults sleep.
Health problems play a significant role in the quantity and quality of adults' sleep.
Health problems play a significant role in the quantity and quality of adults'sleep.
Health problems range from the most common to very rare disorders.
Health problems relate to regions.
Health problems related to drinking develop more quickly for women than men.
Health problems relating to spine function and mobility tend to increase as people age.
Health problems require attention.
Health problems require treatments.
Health problems result when one of the channels is blocked.
Health problems stem from the release of toxins into water.
Health problems tend to cluster in groups and evolve over time.
Health problems vary in space and so do the needs of the people.
Any health problem can interfere with learning.
Any health problem results in increased labor, drug and veterinarian costs.
Every health problem is in part a symbolic problem.
Many health problems are a result of allergic reactions to foods and environmental substances.
Many health problems are associated with obesity .
Many health problems are associated with obesity.
Many health problems arise over many years so it can take a little time to restore normal health.
Many health problems can be concurrent.
Many health problems exist with no one to take responsibility.
Many health problems result from nutritional deficiencies or imbalances.
Many health problems result from the surgery.
Many health problems stem from obesity.
Most health problems are caused by black mold.
Most health problems are caused by deficiencies.
Most health problems are caused by mold.
Most health problems are caused by obesity.
Most health problems are caused by toxic black mold.
Most health problems are caused by toxic mold.
Most health problems associate with inflammation.
Most health problems associated with air toxics take years to develop.
Most health problems begin long before symptoms develop.
Most health problems have symptoms.
Most health problems relate to regions.
Most health problems require a combination of more then one herb.
Most health problems require attention.
Most health problems require treatments.
Most health problems respond best to treatment when they are found early.
Most health problems start with subtle symptoms which can be easily missed.
Most health problems take more than one treatment to resolve.
Some health problems affect chinchillas.
Some health problems affect pets.
Some health problems are a direct result of training techniques.
Some health problems are caused by air pollution.
Some health problems are caused by chemicals.
Some health problems are caused by cigarette smoke.
Some health problems are caused by pollution.
Some health problems are caused by smoke.
Some health problems are common, others are rare.
Some health problems arise from disasters.
Some health problems arise from inhalation.
Some health problems arise from mold inhalation.
Some health problems associate with alcohol.
Some health problems associate with diets.
Some health problems associate with drink alcohol.
Some health problems associate with obesity.
Some health problems associate with urination.
Some health problems bring lifestyle changes that affect eating.
Some health problems can arise including frostbite, trench foot, and hypothermia.
Some health problems can be a real headache and some headaches can be a real problem.
Some health problems cause illnesses.
Some health problems cause severe illnesses.
Some health problems come from the exhaust fumes leaking into the interior of the automobile.
Some health problems know as atherosclerosis.
Some health problems lead to death.
Some health problems occur in alsatians.
Some health problems occur very soon after a harmful exposure.
Some health problems occur very soon after a person inhales a toxic air pollutant.
Some health problems relate to insulin metabolism.
Some health problems relate to metabolism.
Some health problems relate to obesity.
Some health problems result from fire.
A health profession is a profession
Health professions are professions.
Health professions require a solid and varied background in the sciences.
Health professions tend to focus on prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of diseases.
Most health professions are increasing faster than the state population, research indicates.
Some health professions require additional specialized courses.
A health professional is a professional
Health professionals agree that exercise can prevent and control diabetes.
Health professionals are able to forward their queries by phone, fax, email or snail mail.
Health professionals are an important target for the baby food industry's promotion.
Health professionals are at risk for experiencing angry behavior from the public.
Health professionals are in a good position to support caregivers and, thereby, help their patients.
Health professionals are in a unique position to assist smokers.
Health professionals are more available.
Health professionals are notorious for going to work even when sick.
Health professionals are particularly susceptible to taking on more than they can handle.
Health professionals are professionals.
Health professionals are rare in rural Guatemala.
Health professionals are responsible for getting the information to patients.
Health professionals are very happy about the new fitness trend in the city.
Health professionals benefit from a vast amount of specialized multi-platform information.
Health professionals can access conference listings and recent medical publications.
Health professionals can help by giving a clear explanation of the symptoms.
Health professionals can help to identify problem alcohol and drug use as early as possible.
Health professionals can join our efforts to improve care delivery in Oklahoma.
Health professionals can provide expert testimony on behalf of individuals seeking asylum.
Health professionals can speak to any group about a variety of heart and vascular disease topics.
Health professionals can spread disease.
Health professionals can use the tear pad as a nutrition education tool.
Health professionals click here.
Health professionals consider soy protein as a very superior protein.
Health professionals counter any mis-information that can be damaging to the program.
Health professionals customize the follow-up programs.
Health professionals deal with death and dying every day.
Health professionals have a contract with society.
Health professionals have a special obligation to speak out.
Health professionals have expert knowledge and experience in their respective fields.
Health professionals have good communication skills, so they're naturals.
Health professionals have many diverse views on ways to improve health.
Health professionals identify what content areas are most important.
Health professionals moderate chat support groups on the site.
Health professionals recognise that interpersonal relationships are central to their care.
Health professionals recommend that one of the best things a parent can do is to set a good example.
Health professionals rely on examination gloves to prevent the transmission and spread of disease.
Health professionals resist changes in the workplace and cling to their traditional ways.
Health professionals review the information provided.
Health professionals say the only possible solution is that people stop drinking tubewell water.
Health professionals speculate that the number of patients with the disorders is increasing.
Health professionals support the initiative although they do have questions.
Health professionals take special note.
Health professionals talk about new developments in research and offer some hope for the future.
Health professionals tend to equate disorders with a set range of impairment.
Health professionals tend to locate in the geographic region where they received their training.
Health professionals use and recommend our products to their patients.
Health professionals volunteer time to provide screening and referral services.
Health professionals write initial units.
All health professionals are welcome to attend.
All health professionals are welcome.
All health professionals have borrowing privileges.
All health professionals say they are supportive of breastfeeding.
All health professionals share a commitment to work together to serve the patient's interests.
Many health professionals accept the power of faith in healing from a variety of illnesses.
Many health professionals are concerned about the effect of childhood weight status on adult weight.
Many health professionals are open to developing the breath and breathing.
Many health professionals keep the form in stock.
Many health professionals see a clear connection between violence and health.
Many health professionals worry about safety.
Most health professionals agree it is important to use such language.
Most health professionals agree that slow steady weight loss is more likely to last.
Most health professionals are convinced of the benefits.
Most health professionals recommend approximately eight hours of sleep each night.
Most health professionals recommend slow weight loss as the safest and most effective approach.
Most health professionals say yes.
Some health professionals choose to address the local area of obvious congestion alone.
Some health professionals choose to address the local area of obvious trouble alone.
Some health professionals make audiotapes for their patients or clients.
Some health professionals specialize in gerontology, too.
Some health professionals suggest eating only raw foods for two days before starting a fast.
Health promotion can make a positive impact both on an organizational and individual level.
Health promotion goes beyond health care.
Health promotion has an even greater role.
Health promotion has the technology to do that job.
Health promotion includes numerous aspects, one of which is nutrition.
Health promotion is a cornerstone of public health and prevention.
Health promotion is a practical approach to achieving greater equity in health.
Health promotion is a tool or approach to achieving population health objectives.
Health promotion is about empowering individuals to make informed choices about their own health.
Health promotion is about preventing ill health and maximising well-being.
Health promotion is an important focus of the department.
Health promotion is an integral part of all health services.
Health promotion is an integral part of public health.
Health promotion is emphasized throughout the course.
Health promotion is ideal in the workplace.
Health promotion is in fact the vital element that defines a 'new' era of public health.
Health promotion is in the business of promoting health.
Health promotion is inclusive.
Health promotion needs.
Health promotion reaches social, economic and personal development spheres.
Health promotion uses health education to promote health and prevent disease.
Health promotion utilizes health education to promote health and prevent disease.
Health psychologists are interested in the links between behavior and health.
Health psychologists focus on the individual and interpersonal aspects of health.
Health psychologists focus on the prevention of disease and maintenance of health.
Health psychologists study how the mind and behavior influence physical health.
Health psychology aims to do something about it.
Health psychology focuses on the study of somatic health as it relates to psychological phenomena.
Health psychology involves the application of psychological principles to physical health.
Health psychology is also concerned with health after an individual acquired a disease.
Health psychology is concerned with helping people stay healthy.
Health psychology is concerned with the interaction between behavior and health and illness.
Health psychology represents a major departure in perspectives on health at work.
Health records are already less private than most people think.
Health records are confidential.
Health records are equally important for all horses.
Health records are off limits.
Health records are vital.
Health records Consider the horse's general health.
All health records are confidential.
Health reform aims at worker's comp.
Health reform is designed to achieve cost savings starting five years from now.
Health reform is so needed and people have had enough.
Health regulations can be very effective in protecting ground water quality.
Health regulations preclude the keeping of animals in the school as mascots.
Health regulations prohibit the return of any apparel.
Health regulations prohibit the return of earrings for pierced ears.
Health regulations prohibit the return of underwear garments.
Health regulations prohibit visitor use of patient restrooms.
Health regulations require a minimum standard of cleanliness, which many exceed.
Health regulations require that no one enter the dining room with bare feet.
Health research is a cornerstone of quality health care system of the future.
Health research is a rather inexact business, and good studies can produce different results.
Health research is exceedingly broad and transcends disciplinary boundaries.
Health research is the foundation of public health and the treatment of disease.
Health research is the key to preventing disease and disability.
Health resorts are a popular attraction in both mountain regions.
Health risk appraisals Informative vendors and much more.
Health risks appear to be associated with contact with the water when the toxin is present.
Health risks are also interesting to students, particularly regarding mutations and genetics.
Health risks are common among workers who handle fertilizer and pesticides without protection.
Health risks are explained in more detail below.
Health risks are higher in the tropics.
Health risks cost employers in dollars and in lost productivity.
Health risks differ by a number of social factors, notably gender.
Health risks go up as the proportion of body fat increases.
Health risks related to fad diets take many different forms.
Health risks related to the use of drugs is a factor regardless of age.
Health risks remain.
Health risks vary by destination and can change rather quickly.
Health risks vary depending upon the chemical form of mercury to which one is exposed.
Health scares are a mixed blessing.
Health scares are now a regular feature of the international landscape.
Health scares force UK to go tough on food safety.
Some health scares save lives.
Health sciences loses five in communicative disorders.
Health sciences require algebra, chemistry and biology.
Health screening can cost hundreds of pounds.
Health screening is another key component.
Health screening is done each fall for all third and fifth graders.
Health screening is performed throughout the year.
Health screening takes place, and the children's immunizations are updated.
Health screenings are a requirement after volunteer orientation is completed.
Health screenings are also very important in preventing or minimizing disease.
Health screenings are available to both students and staff upon request.
Health screenings are available.
Health screenings are regular events.
Health service is also available in the hotel.
Health service use Some people experience a mental disorder once and fully recover.
Health services are a major growth industry locally with an emphasis on research and training.
Health services are almost non-existent.
Health services are also poor and management structures inefficient, especially in rural areas.
Health services are available for pregnant students needing assistance.
Health services are available for students who become ill during scheduled program hours.
Health services are available in the college health center.
Health services are available only when classes are in session.
Health services are available only while classes are in session.
Health services are available to all citizens.
Health services are available to all eligible students.
Health services are available to all students who pay full registration fees.
Health services are available to all students.
Health services are available to any student who becomes ill during the day.
Health services are currently in transition.
Health services are generally available but women are calling for more preventive measures.
Health services are good because of extensive social services provided by petroleum wealth.
Health services are like the rest of life.
Health services are minimal and are highly dependent on aid agency inputs.
Health services are minimal.
Health services are nearly non-existent and lack of water increases the risk of disease.
Health services are nonexistent.
Health services are of great importance for the women in the country.
Health services are often inaccessible to women and adolescent refugees.
Health services are only one component of a healthy community.
Health services are only to a limited degree commodities suited for the whims of an open market.
Health services are strained and tuberculosis and hepatitus are on the increase.
Health services are strong throughout the entire region.
Health services are the most obvious and expensive of the services required by older citizens.
Health services are too far away, of poor quality, or unaffordable.
Health services are under threat from tribal gangs.
Health services are usually the first target in conflicts.
Health services are wheelchair accessible.
Health services can make a big difference.
Health services continue to be one of the top employment areas of the country.
Health services help keep student safe and well.
Health services help keep students safe and well.
Health services is a multidisciplinary enterprise.
Health services is one of the fastest growing industries in the Mohawk Valley.
Health services is one of the most rapidly growing areas of social work employment.
Health services is overseen by a director who reports to the Dean of Student Affairs.
Health services is the state's largest industry.
Health services make up almost half of total employment in the sector.
Health services provided in schools reach a large number of children and adolescents.
Health services provides first aid care for injuries and temporary treatment of minor illnesses.
Health services refer to social work in hospitals and other health settings.
Health services rely mainly on referral system.
Health services reports.
Health services use and mortality among elderly primary care patients with alcoholism.
Health services use and mortality among older primary care patients with alcoholism.
All health services are confidential.
All health services are free and confidential.
All health services are free.
All health services are limited to the fall and spring semesters.
Most health services lack adequate registers or information systems.
A health spa is an establishment
Health spa offers massages.
Health spas are common and there is an abundance of golf.
Health spas continue to offer the promise of relaxation and rejuvenation.
Health spas offer beauty treatments, massages, saunas, whirlpools, and fitness equipment.
Health spending is the province's largest single expenditure.
Health statistics are good information to have on a Website.
Health statistics are typical of low-income, food deficient countries.
Health statistics can be elusive and difficult to interpret.
Health statistics reveal a strong correlation between poverty and poor health.
Health statistics tell an ugly story.
Many health statistics demonstrate that the mind can influence the body.
Health supplements are in stock and ready to ship at Affordable Supplements.
Health supplements enriched with antioxidants are also now widely available .
Health supplements enriched with antioxidants are also now widely available.
Health system is an easy target.
Health systems are ill-equipped for prevention, diagnosis, and treatment.
Health systems are more likely to have begun to address key gaps and risks.
Health systems are near collapse.
Health systems are only one weapon in the fight against emerging infectious diseases.
Health systems are under severe strain.
Health systems review.
Health systems tend to be very complex.
Health systems vary rather dramatically from one country to the next.
Most health systems have policies on access and equity and anti-racism.
Health threats posed by extreme heat are likely to grow as climate changes.
Health threats vary from city to city and even in various sections of cities.
Health tourism is another important tourism sector.
Health tourism is another potential in the area.
Health visitors aim to promote good health and prevent illness in people of all ages.
Health visitors are among the highest paid of clinical nurses.
Health visitors work with children and families in the community to promote public health.
Health worker serves a client.
Health workers administer radiation in several different ways.
Health workers are also concerned that Colorado lacks a central vaccination registry.
Health workers are the most disciplined.
Health workers can now travel freely in the country, and farmers are doing more planting.
Health workers check villagers for signs of arsenic poisoning.
Health workers come clean.
Health workers encourage women to breast feed their infants.
Health workers fear dysentery, diarrhea and other diseases.
Health workers get aid . . .
Health workers go on twenty-four hour protest strike.
Health workers have a very important role to play.
Health workers reach even the most isolated villagers to provide regular vaccinations.
Health workers say many male secondary-school teachers sleep with their female students.
Health workers say that the operation is often carried out in unsanitary conditions.
Health workers tell stories of malnutrition and dehydration.
Health workers watch patients swallow each dose to be sure that treatments are completed.
All health workers relate to people of different cultural, religious and ethnic backgrounds.
Every health worker needs to be a knowledge worker .
Some health workers are trained on child health services.
Some health workers are trained on services.
Some health workers operate pharmacies or work as village midwives.
Some health workers use curricula.
Some health workers use standardize curricula.
Health accounts for the largest chunk of spending in Ontario.
Health affects ability.
Health affects certain organs.
Health affects organs.
Health affects reaction.
Health alone is victory.
Health are excellent gateways to all the health information available from the U.S. government.
Health are more important than anything else.
Health based strategies alone are insufficient.
Health becomes an issue as the worker ages.
Health becomes prevalent.
Health begins to decline.
Health begins to fail, much because of over work.
Health begins with a natural diet.
Health begins with healthy development of the child and a positive family environment.
Health begins with nutrition.
Health benefits Comprehensive medical plan.
Health benefits More health coverage.
Health briefly defines the problem in our health-care system.
Health brings happiness.
Health brings such treatment affordable to common people .
Health can be a very important concern when approaching the retirement age.
Health can break through oppression.
Health can fail rapidly.
Health can improve.
Health can only start spiritually.
Health can refer to wellness and illness as well as disease.
Health can vary on a continuum from optimal health to ill health.
Health can vary on a continuum from optimum health to ill health, including death.
Health care All employees are eligible for private medical cover.
Health care beyond and in addition to neurological concerns.
Health care clinical and non-clinical positions are available.
Health care financial management.
Health care flexible spending account.
Health care from birth through terminal illness and everything in between.
Health care in and via cyberspace.
Health care professional access to records.
Health care professional discounts are available.
Health care professional recruitment and retention.
Health care proxy law.
Health care strategic management.
Health changes in the senior years are normal.
Health changes over time.
Health changes with time and varies according to circumstances.
Health claims in labelling and advertising, a study of the cereal market.
Health claims surrounding nutritional supplements regularly make headlines.
Health comes and goes.
Health comes first.
Health comes from a combination of things.
Health comes from memory's recovery.
Health comes from the integrated processes of the body and the mind.
Health comes from the soil.
Health comes from within.
Health comes strictly in vial form and there are lots of vials.
Health comprises dynamic and well-preserved blood, liver and other body ecosystems.
Health concerns Heart disease, obesity, stroke, cancer.
Health concerns the whole body, which includes spirituality.
Health continues to be the ever-interesting topic in the family correspondence.
Health continues to deteriorate.
Health corresponds with living and being.
Health costs money.
Health demands balance.
Health depends a good deal on wholesome diet and out-door exercise, which make pure blood.
Health depends on factors.
Health depends on far more than the health care system.
Health depends on many factors.
Health depends on perfect circulation in the tissues.
Health depends on production.
Health depends on seed production.
Health depends on such factors.
Health depends on various factors.
Health depends to a great extent on food.
Health eating habits and exercise is critical for continued success.
Health embraces body, mind and spirit.
Health embraces the triumvirate concepts of body, mind , and spirit .
Health encompasses more than just being free of disease.
Health encompasses the mental, social, emotional, physical and spiritual human potentials.
Health ensures the vigorous joys of life.
Health exists in a social and environmental context.
Health exists in any of many conditions and is uniquely experienced by each person.
Health exists on a continuum which varies from decreased functioning to optimal well-being.
Health exists on a continuum with high level wellness at one end, and death at the other end.
Health facts about sausage.
Health Find out about body image and eating disorders, exercise, nutrition, and sex.
Health Find out the story behind shark bites.
Health gives liveliness and cheerfulness, superabundant energy and exuberant optimism.
Health gives way.
Health giving negative ions released by nature's crystal completes the experience.
Health gone, husbands too, hips maintain a ghost of sex.
Health Has adrenal disease and takes medication for pancreas problems.
Health has characteristics.
Health has information.
Health has similar characteristics.
Health have a physician referral form.
Health here is good as usual.
Health hints about mammograms and diabetes control are just a click away.
Health hints for the tropics.
Health implies both physical, mental, and social well-being, and it is a resource for living.
Health improves as social status and income increases.
Health improves dramatically.
Health improves through designed motion.
Health improves, as our emotional state becomes more positive.
Health improves, quality of life improves and the feeling of independence increases.
Health includes more than just physical wellness.
Health includes one s physical, emotional, and spiritual functions.
Health influences the quality of plants as forage for animals.
Health involves genetic, nutritional and environmental factors as well as many others.
Health involves more than the absence of illness and injury.
Health involves more than the physical body.
Health involves the whole body, emotions, spiritual outlook, diet, exercise and our relationships.
Health involves well-being of body, mind and spirit.
Health is a balance of diet, mental state, and body movement.
Health is a balancing act.
Health is a basic human right.
Health is a big consideration in getting a bird.
Health is a big issue here in the university community.
Health is a blessing.
Health is a bridge to peace, an antidote to intolerance, a source of shared security.
Health is a broad concept that includes physical health, mental health, and social welfare.
Health is a business.
Health is a child's right.
Health is a choice, an attitude, a state of mind.
Health is a choice.
Health is a concept that transcends the physical world.
Health is a concern, too.
Health is a condition wherein all the functions are performed with a normal amount of force.
Health is a continuum ranging from peak wellness to death.
Health is a critical concern, cooking is a restricted effort.
Health is a crucial factor in the present day quality of life of Aboriginal people.
Health is a dynamic multidimensional state of being.
Health is a dynamic process that changes daily.
Health is a dynamic state influenced by individual, environmental, and hereditary factors.
Health is a dynamic state involving our whole being.
Health is a dynamic state of response to internal and external stimuli.
Health is a dynamic state which fluctuates among degrees of wellness and illness.
Health is a dynamic state which fluctuates over a continuum varying from optimal wellness to death.
Health is a dynamic state, and a process of being, as well as, becoming an integrated whole person.
Health is a dynamic, multi-dimensional state of being in which the potential of a human is realized.
Health is a factor because the medical equipment that run on computers.
Health is a factor in the migration destination and housing choice.
Health is a factor in the search.
Health is a fluid, dynamic experience of clients.
Health is a form of freedom.
Health is a fundamental human right.
Health is a fundamental public good.
Health is a gift.
Health is a great treasure.
Health is a guide for people who want to take control of their own well-being.
Health is a guide for people who want to take more control of their own health.
Health is a health and fitness magazine, directed primarily at women.
Health is a human right, linked to social, cultural, economic, civil, and political rights.
Health is a journey that explores the inner as well as the outer dimensions of a human being.
Health is a lecture based course offering a broad overview of health and fitness concepts.
Health is a lifestyle choice.
Health is a long-term investment.
Health is a long-term process and commitment.
Health is a major concern for most travelers.
Health is a major concern.
Health is a major consideration.
Health is a major factor.
Health is a matter of balance.
Health is a means for functioning well.
Health is a mixture of natural forces, personal responsibility and social care for wisdom writers.
Health is a more urgent concern than enlightenment.
Health is a much broader and complex notion.
Health is a much wider concept than merely the absence of disease.
Health is a multi-factored state of being.
Health is a natural fact.
Health is a natural state, because it is harmony and balance.
Health is a natural state.
Health is a new experience.
Health is a normal state.
Health is a noteworthy exception.
Health is a one-semester course required of all freshmen.
Health is a permanent theme of humankind.
Health is a personal commitment, but it is also a social commitment.
Health is a physical, mental and social resource for everyday living.
Health is a positive concept emphasizing social, physical and personal resources.
Health is a precious gift.
Health is a prerequisite for human development.
Health is a prerequisite for learning.
Health is a priority.
Health is a progression toward and an achievement of a satisfactory level of functioning.
Health is a provincial responsibility and programs vary widely from province to province.
Health is a quality present in persons, families and communities.
Health is a question of harmony and balance.
Health is a rather abstract quality.
Health is a reasonable concern.
Health is a reflection of beingness.
Health is a reflection of evolving patterns of human-environment interactions.
Health is a reflection of ones total well being - mental, emotional, physical and spirtual.
Health is a reflection of our beliefs.
Health is a related issue.
Health is a relative state of mind, body, and spirit, which is unique to each individual.
Health is a required course usualy taken in the tenth grade year.
Health is a responsibility.
Health is a set of guidelines for the promotion of physical activity.
Health is a significant human rights issue.
Health is a social responsibility.
Health is a sound relation to nature.
Health is a state and a process of being and becoming an integrated and whole person.
Health is a state of balance and harmony of all the aspects of the medicine wheel.
Health is a state of complete mental, physical and social well-being.
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being.
Health is a state of mind, body and spirit.
Health is a state of optimum function within a given environment.
Health is a state of physical, mental and emotional well-being.
Health is a state of physical, mental and social well being.
Health is a state of physical, mental and spiritual well being.
Health is a state of wellness and inner peace.
Health is a subject in which every individual is inter- ested.
Health is a subject so many folks are interested in.
Health is a sustainable state.
Health is a trans-national issue.
Health is a valuable commodity, so lets first look at where the money goes.
Health is a valuable resource.
Health is a very complex issue.
Health is a very important and high-profile job.
Health is a very personal thing.
Health is a very precious gift and deciding to stay fit is a way of protecting that gift.
Health is a vital asset for the poor.
Health is a way of life, and medicine is a tool through which health can be improved.
Health is a wonderful possession.
Health is a yardstick of our success or failure in human development.
Health is about a body.
Health is about a lifestyle.
Health is about balance and stability.
Health is about becoming aware of and reowning denied parts of our Selves.
Health is about broader issues than health care.
Health is about the whole person - mind, body, soul, sociability.
Health is achieved through successful adaptation as the client responds to life stressors.
Health is actually a continuum moving from very sick all the way to optimal health.
Health is affected by illness, disability, and dysfunction.
Health is affected by many elements in people's lives.
Health is affected by the combination of foods that make up a diet.
Health is affected mainly by food supply and battle losses.
Health is all about luck.
Health is all about nutrition.
Health is already one of the most important areas for development assistance.
Health is also a major part of our portfolio.
Health is also a major problem.
Health is also a problem.
Health is also a top priority for U.S. assistance in Southeast Asia.
Health is also an indispensable component of development, under any economic policy model.
Health is also another serious problem in the village.
Health is also physical and means strength and long-life.
Health is also very important.
Health is always an important part of any beef cattle marketing schedule.
Health is always an issue of concern for people traveling abroad.
Health is always expansion.
Health is always important.
Health is among the most popular topics people research on the Internet.
Health is an enabling resource for a productive and fulfilling life.
Health is an end in itself.
Health is an entirely different topic altogether.
Health is an equal opportunity employer.
Health is an essential component of life and happiness.
Health is an excellent online directory of resources.
Health is an expression of the whole person, and to heal is therefore to make whole.
Health is an extremely complex matter, and involves so much more than the size of one's waistline.
Health is an important attractiveness value - a clear complexion and cleanliness.
Health is an important common factor in all types of families - urban or rural, rich or poor.
Health is an important concept, with very little chance of instant replay.
Health is an important criteria for judging the beauties.
Health is an important issue.
Health is an important part of the global mission of the church.
Health is an important resource.
Health is an inner resilience, a wholeness and a way of life.
Health is an ongoing process with a goal of optimum wellness.
Health is an ongoing process.
Health is an optimum level of functioning for individuals, families and communities.
Health is an permanent priority for citizens.
Health is another area emphasized, since women s health is so complex.
Health is another critical factor.
Health is another high priority.
Health is another important component of the standard of living.
Health is another issue.
Health is another priority.
Health is another.
Health is approximated by a discrete state variable.
Health is as great a concern as comfort.
Health is assumed if there is no pathology or dysfunction.
Health is attainable when the environment for it is created.
Health is attractive.
Health is bad when it is chronically bad.
Health is balance.
Health is believed to have suffered considerably in the Bronx.
Health is better than wealth.
Health is big business.
Health is big news.
Health is big, very big, on the Web.
Health is both a determinant of development and an outcome of development.
Health is both a science and an art.
Health is by no means solely a medical notion, but predominantly a societal one.
Health is capricious - it can vanish at any moment.
Health is certainly a factor.
Health is clearly a development issue and an element of global financial planning.
Health is clearly on the manager's mind.
Health is comparative, dynamic, multidimensional and has personal meaning.
Health is complex mix of physical, emotional, spiritual and social factors.
Health is conditions.
Health is connected with sexuality, and sexual disorders cause health problems.
Health is consistent with observation and adherence to the laws of nature.
Health is created and lived by people in the settings of their everyday lives.
Health is created and lived by people within the settings of their everyday life.
Health is created in communities.
Health is creativity so health is money.
Health is critical to quality of life and social justice for Aboriginal people.
Health is defined as the state of one s emotional, intellectual, social and physical well-being.
Health is defined broadly to include both physical and mental health.
Health is defined by clients within the context of their own values and cultures.
Health is defined by persons, families and communities.
Health is defined in terms of freedom.
Health is dependent upon maintaining appropriate tone in the nervous system.
Health is determined by the interplay of wide-ranging factors.
Health is difficult to measure because it is subjective.
Health is difficult to measure, and is itself influenced by labor supply and productivity.
Health is dynamic and multi-dimensional.
Health is dynamic, characterized by unity between person and environment.
Health is dynamic.
Health is effortless and spontaneous.
Health is endangered.
Health is enormously expensive.
Health is essential for enjoyment of all the worldly pleasures in a righteous manner.
Health is essential to a quality life.
Health is everybody's challenge.
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying the great blue.
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying the great. tide table .
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying the great.
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying the. time zone .
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying the.
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying. tide table .
Health is everything and paramount when enjoying.
Health is everything and paramount when. tide chart .
Health is everything and paramount when.
Health is everything and paramount. reference .
Health is everything and paramount.
Health is everything and.
Health is everything.
Health is excellent.
Health is existence that is vigorous, happy, and free of physical or psychological disorder.
Health is experienced by many women.
Health is experienced by women.
Health is experienced in holistic ways including individual and communal dimensions.
Health is far more than the absence of disease.
Health is found in nature.
Health is generally good.
Health is good for some people, but a matter of indifference to others.
Health is good, illness is bad.
Health is good.
Health is good.
Health is guaranteed in writing.
Health is guaranteed on all babies, including congenital and ge netic defects.
Health is guaranteed on all birds, and many local and national references are available.
Health is guaranteed.
Health is guarenteed.
Health is harmony.
Health is health, it has nothing to do with marketplaces.
Health is important, but taste is the decider .
Health is important.
Health is improved in many ways, but especially by decreasing obesity and heart disease.
Health is in a category of rights known as social, economic and cultural rights.
Health is in control of the individual.
Health is indeed a very important factor for good meditation.
Health is inexpensive and health is cheap.
Health is influenced by a variety of factors that co-exist within society.
Health is influenced by factors beyond health and medicine.
Health is influenced by health care providers and society.
Health is influenced by lifestyle and environment and depends on individual choices.
Health is influenced by the ability to cope with life processes.
Health is influenced by the interrelationships among the many systems.
Health is influenced by the person's heredity, environment, and lifestyle.
Health is influenced through lifestyle choices.
Health is inner peace and healing is letting go of fear.
Health is inner peace.
Health is integral to human well-being, which is the ultimate goal of development.
Health is joy.
Health is just one reason to do a quaratine.
Health is just what it sounds like, and required the standard health-potion or fruit to restore.
Health is largely a personal responsibility.
Health is light work.
Health is like a bank account.
Health is likely the most valued aspect of quality of life as people grow older.
Health is long term.
Health is maintained by adopting a lifestyle that harmonizes with nature's healing agents.
Health is maintained by unifying the spiritual and material assets.
Health is mental, emotional, physical, moral, and spiritual wholeness.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health is merely the slowest way someone can die.
Health is metabolic efficiency.
Health is monitored by a nurse on staff.
Health is more important than weight.
Health is more than an educational goal.
Health is more than effort to cure disease.
Health is more than health care.
Health is more than just being alive.
Health is more than just physical fitness.
Health is more than just physical.
Health is more than just the absence of disease, and health care is more than just medical services.
Health is more than just the absence of disease.
Health is more than mere lack of sickness.
Health is more than simple absence of disease.
Health is more than the absence of disease.
Health is more than the absence of physical illness.
Health is more than the absence of sickness.
Health is more than the provision of medical services.
Health is more valuable than money.
Health is most Important, than intelligance, looks and a great personality.
Health is most precious thing .
Health is mostly about mental health.
Health is much more precious than confidence.
Health is much more than physical well being.
Health is much more than the absence of disease.
Health is natural.
Health is needed for survival.
Health is no longer a concern only of health professionals.
Health is no longer a given luxury it has to be worked at daily.
Health is no longer an expenditure only the rich countries can afford.
Health is normal and natural.
Health is normal and sickness is abnormal.
Health is Normal Certainly in the successful experience of living, health is a prime factor.
Health is now at the heart of the development agenda.
Health is obviously the most important component - and they aim to make it a healthy lifespan.
Health is obviously top priority.
Health is of paramount importance to each individual.
Health is of primary concern to everyone.
Health is one major concern.
Health is one of each person's most precious resources.
Health is one of five key sectors in Australia s aid program.
Health is one of our big focuses, but so is culture.
Health is one of our greatest gifts.
Health is one of the basic human rights.
Health is one of the greatest concerns of people living in regional Australia.
Health is one of the major application domains.
Health is one of the major areas that women organize around in the camps.
Health is one of the things college students have to worry about.
Health is one of the topics covered.
Health is one of their primary categories.
Health is one the most valuable things in life.
Health is one thing.
Health is only one of the important reasons to reinstate our cultural practices.
Health is our birth right.
Health is our first priority.
Health is our greatest commodity.
Health is our greatest wealth.
Health is our most important treasure.
Health is our most precious asset.
Health is our natural state, and ill health is unnatural.
Health is our number one priority.
Health is our only capital.
Health is our personal bank account.
Health is our primary reason for being in business, earning a living is our second goal.
Health is our speciality.
Health is our wealth.
Health is overall great except for cholesterol.
Health is paramount.
Health is partly physical, but to a degree also depends on how people feel about themselves.
Health is peculiar.
Health is perceived and valued differently.
Health is political and social in nature.
Health is positive.
Health is pretty straight-forward.
Health is primary concern for everybody next to food.
Health is probably the predominant reason.
Health is prosperity
Health is psychological, emotional, and erotic.
Health is rather important than anything else.
Health is regarded as a capital in the bank.
Health is related to all sectors in life.
Health is related to cultural risk in two ways.
Health is related to the totality of an individual's environment.
Health is relative condition, characterized by wellness, illness, disease, or dysfunction.
Health is required for graduation.
Health is responsible for mosquito control, cutting and cleaning of various drainage structures.
Health is rooted in the group spirit of the family.
Health is secondary.
Health is seen as a continuum ranging from high level wellness to illness and death.
Health is seen as a proper balance of the four humours.
Health is seen as inhibiting development and major health initiative is started.
Health is seen as the absence of disease.
Health is self-development.
Health is self-perceived and relative to each person s or group s beliefs and values.
Health is shown in the turn report for each noble that the player controls.
Health is simply the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health is so important.
Health is something adolescents tend to take for granted.
Health is something more.
Health is status quo.
Health is still a concern for the candidate.
Health is such a multidimensional topic with a myriad of issues and needs.
Health is such a precious resource that sometimes goes unappreciated.
Health is sweet after sickness, and rest after toils.
Health is taken for granted until it is threatened.
Health is taken very seriously.
Health is taught in sixth, seventh and eighth grades.
Health is the ability to adjust to or evolve with environmental changes.
Health is the ability to resist strain.
Health is the ability to treasure personal time in silence alone or with family and friends.
Health is the adaptive response to biological and environmental forces.
Health is the antithesis of disease, degeneracy, and crime.
Health is the basic quality of life as the family is the basic unit of society.
Health is the basic requirement to enjoy wealth.
Health is the basis of real prosperity.
Health is the basis of success.
Health is the beginning of effective social and economic development.
Health is the best wealth.
Health is the bottom line.
Health is the capacity of the land for self renewal.
Health is the capacity of the land for self-renewal.
Health is the conditio sine qua non for human development - in Africa and elsewhere.
Health is the core of our lives and our livelihood.
Health is the current featured topic.
Health is the determinant.
Health is the determining factor.
Health is the elixir of life.
Health is the entity, something to be attained.
Health is the fifth-largest area searched on the Web.
Health is the first and most important reason more attention is being paid to a meatless diet.
Health is the first ingredient in pride.
Health is the first requisite after morality.
Health is the first wealth.
Health is the foundation for all of one's activities.
Health is the foundation of beauty, and helps winning in any field.
Health is the fully-awakened, linitless mind of enlightenment.
Health is the gauge of life.
Health is the goal of a purpose-driven youth ministry.
Health is the goal of nurses working with persons and their environments.
Health is the goal of the person's behaviour and the person's ability to be an adaptive organism.
Health is the greater gift.
Health is the greatest gain.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Health is the greatest possession.
Health is the harmonious balance of three important forces acting in the body.
Health is the harmony between the energy components of body, mind and spirit.
Health is the harmony between the magnetic field and the human cells.
Health is the integration of spiritual, social, emotional, and physical well being.
Health is the keystone to human development.
Health is the main issue before anything else.
Health is the major reason people initially turn to organic foods.
Health is the most desired of earthly blessings.
Health is the most important aspect of life.
Health is the most important thing.
Health is the next area to be addressed.
Health is the normal and natural functioning of the body and the goal of ideal treatment.
Health is the normal state of the human body.
Health is the normal state.
Health is the obvious answer.
Health is the one sector that has lagged in readiness.
Health is the only discipline that addresses teen concerns every day.
Health is the only real expression of man's true being and is always intact.
Health is the only true wealth, and they want everyone to be wealthy.
Health is the physical, mental, emotional, spiritual, social and economic well being of a person.
Health is the prerequisite for any development at all.
Health is the primary duty of life.
Health is the principal asset of the working man and the working woman.
Health is the result of healthful living.
Health is the result of healthy living.
Health is the result of the body's ability to defend itself from disease.
Health is the richest possession of man upon earth.
Health is the right of every individual and health care is the responsibility of society.
Health is the right of youth.
Health is the second big factor.
Health is the second most important thing to get when creating a combative weapons based player.
Health is the second most searched-for topic online.
Health is the state about which medicine has nothing to say.
Health is the systems of the body working optimally.
Health is the vital principal of bliss.
Health is the vital principle of bliss, And exercise, of health.
Health is the wealth of the one Nation.
Health is the well-working of the organism as a whole.
Health is their primary goal.
Health is their second half goal.
Health is therefore, seen as a resource for everyday life, no the objective of living.
Health is threatened by the danger of rabies, animal bites, and attack.
Health is too important to be left in the hands of doctors.
Health is too important to be left to the doctors alone.
Health is too important to chance.
Health is top anglo concern.
Health is tradable as is ill-health.
Health is typically at the top of the list, too.
Health is under huge pressure.
Health is very big news - everywhere.
Health is very delicate so rest more.
Health is very important on a relationship.
Health is viewed as a sense of well-being, freedom from discomfort, and a robust appearance.
Health is viewed as an absence of symptoms or diagnostic evidence.
Health is viewed as the dynamic state of wellness and illness in individuals and groups.
Health is viewed as the maximizing of one s potential along various dimensions.
Health is vital for a breeding stallion.
Health is vital to maintain well being and quality of life in old age.
Health is wealth is just a saying.
Health is wealth on every chakra level.
Health is wealth, peace of mind is happiness.
Health is wealth.
Health is wellness it goes the length.
Health is when all our individual cells are peacefully and joyously functioning in harmony.
Health is when different aspects of self can get to know each other and reflect upon each other.
Health is wholeness.
Health is worth the investment and effort.
Health is, as one way of manifesting and identifying the unity of spirit.
Health is, without doubt, the best of our inheritances.
Health is, without hope of argument, wholistic.
Health isa wellbeing.
Health leave to care for dependents.
Health likes Balance toward grain among any croquet supplies meanwhile pull among many degree.
Health makes wealth.
Health manifests itself as an absence of feeling.
Health means balance.
Health means different things to different people.
Health means everything.
Health means physical health, mental health, social health and spiritual health.
Health means whole.
Health meets district graduation requirements.
Health needs assessment, evaluation research, survey research methods.
Health needs assessment.
Health needs attending to.
Health needs care. .
Health needs care.
Health needs in the former soviet states.
Health needs more care.
Health needs to be individually maintained but is influenced by family and community members.
Health needs to be inserted.
Health needs to be taken care, as falling in ill is possible.
Health occurs at the cellular level.
Health offers many health-related resources together on one site.
Health offers on breast cancer and other women's health topics .
Health offers opportunity.
Health offers poignant profiles and columns, medical and fitness news and dietary recommendations.
Health offers timely news and advice from all areas of the health field.
Health opens a tremendous door of possibilities.
Health otherwise is good.
Health pillows aid restful sleep, allowing air to circulate, keeping the head cool.
Health plans counter that physicians are already paid for such services.
Health plans savings on dental, vision and ear care.
Health plans that score high on clinical quality also have the most satisfied members.
Health plans that seek accreditation do so on a voluntary basis.
Health plays a major role in the student's life.
Health plays a pivotal role for development.
Health prevails when the four humors of the body are in balance, disease when there is an imbalance.
Health prevails when the four humors of the body are in balance, disease when there is imbalance.
Health promotes a young person's development and a positive relationship with the environment.
Health promotes cardiovascular health.
Health promotes development.
Health promotes health.
Health promotes social development.
Health promoting Web sites support that right from the start.
Health provides an effective gateway for development and poverty alleviation.
Health provides benefits.
Health provides health and wellness services to people of all ages.
Health provides health benefits.
Health provides health research, expert advice, healthy recipes, and more.
Health provides links to other web sites solely for the convenience of the visitors to our web site.
Health provides resources and Web sites related to teaching health online.
Health recognizes no borders.
Health records Medical records are confidential.
Health refers to wholes, the dynamics of whole organisms.
Health refuses cooperate, period.
Health Related Can include health insurance, dental insurance, etc.
Health related classes are helpful.
Health related fitness is stressed in our physical education classes.
Health related positions are preferred, and development work is good as well.
Health related problems can result in discharge.
Health related products are a big seller because of the way they're positioned.
Health related resources are at Online tools .
Health related services are available at no charge to all students, faculty, and staff.
Health remains excellent.
Health remains the most effective benefits case for communications messaging.
Health report good, co-worker shares unique hobby.
Health report good, pets and dependents show appreciation.
Health report good.
Health requires a balance in life between work, play and relationships.
Health requires every part to be actively functioning.
Health requires food.
Health requires personal responsibility.
Health requires self-nurture.
Health requires the robust and harmonious functioning of many mechanisms.
Health risks The health risks of cellular communication, if indeed there are any, remain uncertain.
Health screening Once registered, locums receive a comprehensive health screening form.
Health sounds simple enough, but what a difficult idea it really is.
Health speaks louder than hype out here.
Health stands for substantially more than physiological parameters can display.
Health starts first with our minds.
Health suffers first.
Health suffers without fruit.
Health supports global security interest.
Health supports interest.
Health supports security interest.
Health takes a lot of effort in Africa.
Health takes time.
Health talk aside, there are plenty of other reasons to celebrate nuts.
Health watch Portable defibrillators can be life-savers.
Health worries over use of milk hormone.
Health often overlaps with welfare.
Health often returns with improved nervous system control of the body.
All health care educational programs feature clinical experience as an integral element.
All health claims on product labels are reasonable and accurate.
All health is better than wealth.
All health records in one place.
All health records including the current immunization records.
All health starts in the stomach with digestion.
Every health parameter is supposed to be under control by now.
Many health related sites have great design and rich content.
Most health affects certain organs.
Most health affects organs.
Most health depends on factors.
Most health depends on many factors.
Most health depends on production.
Most health depends on seed production.
Most health depends on such factors.
Most health depends on various factors.
Most health has characteristics.
Most health has information.
Most health has similar characteristics.
Most health is experienced by many women.
Most health is experienced by women.
Most health offers opportunity.
Most health promotes cardiovascular health.
Most health promotes health.
Most health promotes social development.
Most health provides benefits.
Most health provides health benefits.
Most health requires food.
Most health supports global security interest.
Most health supports interest.
Most health supports security interest.
Some health care professional information on diabetes.
Some health comes from backgrounds.
Some health contributes to death.
Some health contributes to health.
Some health contributes to physical health.
Some health indicates contamination.
Some health is caused by emotional problems.
Some health is caused by problems.
Some health leads to diseases.
Some health leads to reproduction.
Some health plans fine physicians who write more prescriptions than their contract allows.
Some health prevents severe damage.
Some health provides information.
Some health reflects concern.
Some health relates to health.
Some health relates to meat.
Some health supports presence.
Healthcare administration is document intensive.
Most healthcare bills received by mail are balance due statements.
Healthcare costs are high and ever on the rise.
Healthcare costs are significantly below the national average.
Healthcare costs associated with such infections are thus very significant.
Healthcare costs can sometimes be devastatingly high.
Healthcare costs continue to increase year after year.
Healthcare costs continue to increase, especially for prescription drugs.
Healthcare costs go down.
Most healthcare costs are in the last few years of life.
A healthcare delivery is provision
Healthcare delivery is a mass of individuals and organizations, often working at cross-purposes.
Healthcare executives can network and exchange information with their peers.
Healthcare executives can sign up for the service at the web site.
Healthcare fraud affects providers and consumers alike through higher costs.
Healthcare industries are a major part of their clientel.
Healthcare industry is a big plus.
Most healthcare insurances cover the cost of the vaccine.
Healthcare professionals agree that creative expression is therapeutic in nature.
Healthcare professionals agree that creative expression is therapeutic.
Healthcare professionals answer questions on diabetes.
Healthcare professionals are knowledgeable of the symptoms and treatment of eczema.
Healthcare professionals are passionate about the direction, mission, and trends of the industry.
Healthcare professionals are well aware of the risk CMV poses to unborn infants.
Healthcare professionals can find information about the flu using the Web sites below.
Healthcare professionals can now easily keep current on medical literature and healthcare news.
Healthcare professionals conduct our wellness workshops gratis.
Healthcare professionals demand a rich, fulfilling learning experience.
Healthcare professionals earn CEs.
Healthcare professionals face many complex situations every day.
Healthcare professionals favor vinyl because it is effective, cheap, flexible, and safe.
Healthcare professionals function best when they assist rather than replace the Caregiver.
Healthcare professionals have a responsibility to act in their patients' best interests.
Healthcare professionals meet regularly with education personnel for dialog and in-service training.
Healthcare professionals say that the best therapy seems to be physical and emotional support.
Healthcare professionals seeking to improve their qualification can do so by seeking certification.
Healthcare professionals use many types of equipment to diagnose patients.
Healthcare professionals welcome.
All healthcare professionals interested in the neonatal field are welcome to participate.
Many healthcare professionals cite managing receivables as one of the greatest challenges they face.
Many healthcare professionals look for educational opportunities to further their career goals.
Healthcare provider is the new name for doctor.
Healthcare provider seeks analyst with strong computer skills.
Healthcare providers are busier, but earning less.
Healthcare providers are extremely involved in making life better for everyone.
Healthcare providers are habitual time conscious.
Healthcare providers are in a unique position to help for several reasons.
Healthcare providers attempt to ease the stress by offering preoperative advice for patients .
Healthcare providers can customize analysis anytime, anywhere, through a secure Internet connection.
Healthcare providers can download patient information before rounds, and update records at bedside.
Healthcare providers can help a patient heal by fostering hope and caring for the whole person.
Healthcare providers can help.
Healthcare providers can prepare and reuse hundreds of menus by saving, copying and pasting meals.
Healthcare providers can then scan the form for issues that warrant further discussion.
Healthcare providers diagnose it based on the patient s symptoms and history.
Healthcare providers diagnose it based on the patient's symptoms and history.
Healthcare providers diagnose two general types of insomnia.
Healthcare providers dictate over the telephone.
Healthcare providers evaluate risks and benefits in terms of their patients.
Healthcare providers have to continuously upgrade their knowledge and skills.
Healthcare providers have to depersonalize somewhat.
Healthcare providers have to realize it s there and understand the risk factors.
Healthcare providers prefer inhalers over pills because less medicine reaches the baby.
Healthcare providers prefer transfusions of packed red blood cells rather than whole blood.
Healthcare providers receive incentives from pharmaceutical companies for the use of their products.
Healthcare providers strive to provide surgical patients with a safe and non-complicated recovery.
Healthcare providers try to help prevent other infections such as pneumonia.
Healthcare providers use it to help diagnose heart disease.
Healthcare providers use several methods to diagnose and classify different kinds of gastritis.
Healthcare providers use several tests to monitor a person's kidney function.
Healthcare providers use sonograms to check the baby's growth.
Many healthcare providers express concern when discussing herbal products.
Many healthcare providers feel that a combination of the two is preferred.
Many healthcare providers strive to keep overhead costs to a minimum .
Most healthcare providers agree that the first step in fighting heart problems is to quit smoking.
Most healthcare providers have mixed feelings on the issue.
Some healthcare providers are reluctant to openly discuss sexual health issues with their patients.
Some healthcare providers recommend a return visit after the antibiotics are gone.
Some healthcare providers recommend braces or special shoes to help straighten the legs.
Healthcare reform continues to challenge our profession and other healthcare providers.
Healthcare reform demands more cost-efficient care, pushing surgery into the outpatient arena.
Healthcare reform requires the most cost-effective method of patient care.
Healthcare services are unparalleled.
Most healthcare services involve some form of care by nurses.
Healthcare systems experience a plus for all positions listed above.
Healthcare workers are the largest population at risk for developing a latex hypersensitivity.
Healthcare workers do use the Internet.
Healthcare workers exposed to flu victims are priority number two.
Healthcare workers face a deadly risk from the use of dangerous needles each and every day risks.
Healthcare workers face the risk of acquiring infections from patients.
Healthcare workers have a duty to take care of.
Healthcare workers seem to have their own code and speak their own language at times.
Healthcare workers tend to look more into bruises that are found on women than bruises found on men.
Healthcare workers use latex gloves during many medical procedures.
All healthcare workers are worth more than a plumber.
Many healthcare workers fail to receive influenza vaccine each year.
Many healthcare workers work different shifts, with alternating days off.
A healthcare is attention
Healthcare abroad is expensive.
Healthcare begins with a two-way communication between the patient and the provider.
Healthcare can be a complex issue.
Healthcare changes to ensure continuation of benefits, while reducing healthcare cost.
Healthcare claims services involve many transactions between provider and payer.
Healthcare continues to be one of the most critical and volatile issues around.
Healthcare continues to experience shrinking resources.
Healthcare costs throughout the western world rise faster than general inflation.
Healthcare demands a special kind of person.
Healthcare experienc is strongly preferred.
Healthcare looks to benchmarking to improve business processes.
Healthcare mandates cost, too.
Healthcare needs of older developmentally disabled persons.
Healthcare offers many excellent and rewarding career opportunities.
Healthcare rationing is common within the managed care environment.
Healthcare represents one-seventh of the national economy.
Healthcare tends to be the most popular since everyone has medical costs.
Healthcares are care.
Any healthcare staffing company can claim to be the best.
Healthful diets enable people of all ages to work productively and feel their best.
Healthful diets help children grow, develop and do well in school.
Healthful diets help children grow, develop, and do well in school.
Healthful diets include meat.
Healthful eating comes from choosing a variety of foods in moderation.
Healthful eating offers more long-term success than crash dieting.
Healthful eating requires that food be safe.
Healthful foods are a great natural source of energy.
More Healthful Life Starts Here.
Some healthful lifestyle affects conception.
Healthful living attracts professional men and women, families, couples, singles and seniors.
Healthful Meals Eat a grain food at every meal .
Healthful relaxation is offered in an environment of privacy, comfort and personalized attention.
All healthh information is held in the strictest confidence.
Some healthier alternatives are graham crackers, fig bars, vanilla wafers or a piece of fresh fruit.
Healthier plants lead to healthier ecosystems for forests, grasslands, and everything in between.
Healthiest choices are plain water, seltzer water, milk and pure fruit juice.
Healthplan formularies are an option, available regionally.
Healthy absorption follows, with good energy levels.
Healthy activities are the essential ingredient in a successful community-based program.
Healthy activity beats winter stress.
Healthy adults are generally more aware of what they are doing and their reasons for doing it.
Healthy adults are much more likely than healthy children to have complications of varicella.
Healthy adults are unlikely to be affected.
Healthy adults can consume fairly large amounts of nitrate with few known health effects.
Healthy adults can have a daily rain.
Healthy adults can live up to three years.
Healthy adults consume plants.
Healthy adults have bright iridescent green feathers which fit tight to the body.
Healthy adults have little to fear, especially in their herds.
Healthy adults have more energy to become settled in a new location and to build new friendships.
Healthy adults have more natural killer cells.
Healthy adults have natural predators.
Healthy adults have no natural predators, but sharks prey on older, younger, or ill killer whales.
Healthy adults have predators.
Healthy adults have time.
Healthy adults weigh kgs.
Many healthy adults have very mild backward leakage of blood through the valve.
Most healthy adults are eligible to donate.
Most healthy adults can start moderate activity as soon as they're ready.
Most healthy adults consume plants.
Most healthy adults have natural predators.
Most healthy adults have predators.
Most healthy adults have time.
Most healthy adults recover from influenza within a few days.
Most healthy adults weigh kgs.
Some healthy adults decide to get the shot to reduce the risk of being laid up with the flu.
Some healthy adults experience stressful events.
Some healthy adults experience stressful life events.
Some healthy adults limit intake.
Some healthy adults produce babies.
Some healthy adults produce healthy babies.
Some healthy adults take growth hormones.
Some healthy adults take hormones.
Some healthy adults take human growth hormones.
Some healthy adults take human hormones.
Healthy adulthoods start with healthy childhoods.
Healthy air is a key indicator of Oregon's quality of life.
Healthy alternatives complement all meals.
Healthy anemones are full, firm and out in the open.
Healthy anger is directed against wrong-doing.
Healthy anger is expressed, worked through and let go of.
Healthy anger is good.
Healthy anger is the legitimate response to injustice, abuse, and loss.
Healthy animals allow ranchers to be successful.
Healthy animals are a prerequisite both for good animal welfare and for good science.
Healthy animals are best for results.
Healthy animals are less affected than animals in poor health.
Healthy animals are more difficult to take.
Healthy animals are more productive animals.
Healthy animals can usually resist infections.
Healthy animals can withstand sub-zero temperatures if they are dry and out of the wind.
Healthy animals eat proteins.
Healthy animals have room to move around and have positive human contact.
Healthy animals produce less dander.
Most healthy animals eat proteins.
Healthy aquaria use filtration.
Healthy aquaria use sponge filtration.
Healthy arteries are soft and elastic.
Healthy arteries are usually elastic and have clear, smooth internal surfaces.
Healthy arteries are very important for having a healthy body.
Healthy arteries expand to accommodate increased blood flow when the heart needs more oxygen.
Healthy arteries expand to allow the increased flow.
Healthy arteries supplying blood flow to the heart also supply blood flow to the penis.
Healthy arteries widen to get more blood to the body when and where needed.
Healthy assets contribute to the bottom line.
Healthy athletes die without warning signs When someone dies it is tragic.
Healthy attachments begin in early infancy.
Healthy attachments lead to greater independence and autonomy as children mature.
Healthy authority enables one to bestow growth upon a person or institution.
Healthy babies are a good thing.
Healthy babies are always welcome.
Healthy babies born in a vaginal delivery are usually able to stay with the mother.
Healthy babies come out when they are ready.
Healthy babies go through a stage where they put everything in their mouth.
Healthy babies have bilateral club feet.
Healthy babies have feet.
Healthy babies reach full size.
Healthy babies reach size.
Healthy babies require fewer visits to the pediatrician.
Healthy baby bunnies whose eyes are open.
All healthy babies cry.
Any healthy baby can wait until morning to drink again.
Most healthy babies have bilateral club feet.
Most healthy babies have feet.
Most healthy babies move about ten times in four hours.
Most healthy babies reach full size.
Most healthy babies reach size.
Some healthy babies lose weight.
Healthy bacteria prevent yeast and gram negative bacteria infections.
Some healthy bacteria have fibre.
Some healthy bacteria live within canals.
Some healthy bacteria live within vaginal canals.
Healthy banks are also best positioned to enforce claims and to pursue corporate restructuring.
Healthy banks are also better positioned to facilitate corporate restructuring.
Healthy banks are essential to the smooth operation of the economy.
Healthy banks are vital to a healthy economy.
Healthy beaches are central to the health and vitality of the shoreline area and coastal waters.
Healthy behavior can greatly reduce the risk of cancer.
Healthy behavior improves survival.
Healthy behavior is unpredictable.
Healthy behaviors are essential to prevent life-altering consequences.
Healthy behaviors are one of the key factors in the maintenance of physical health.
Most healthy behavior improves survival.
Healthy being is a way of living in the world.
Healthy being is the polar opposite of obsessive-compulsive behavior.
Healthy birds can adapt to any comfortable room temperature.
Healthy birds can be carriers and infect others.
Healthy birds eat often and are active.
Healthy birds eat often and make lots of droppings.
Healthy birds have bright, clear eyes.
Healthy bison have no natural predators.
Healthy blood carries lots of oxygen.
Healthy blood flowing in helps proper digestion.
Healthy blood is essential for life.
Healthy blood is needed to carry oxygen.
Healthy bodies are necessary to keep up the pace.
Healthy bodies are rich with hormones that help determine mood, desire, and inner peace.
Healthy bodies build more muscle, because they can keep at it in the long term.
Healthy bodies can come in many shapes and sizes.
Healthy bodies cause a desire to exercises.
Healthy bodies come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Healthy bodies come in all shapes and sizes.
Healthy bodies feel better and have abundant energy.
Healthy bodies make for healthy minds.
Healthy bodies make healthy minds.
Healthy bodies resist infection and disease.
Healthy bodies result from the unimpeded circulation of energy, blood and oxygen.
Healthy bodies support healthy minds.
Healthy bodies throw off parasites.
Healthy body leads to healthy mind.
Healthy bonds are a part of healthy living.
Healthy bone is maintained thru a balance of adequate calcium intake and hormonal activity.
Healthy bone looks like a honey comb, with strong interconnection strands.
Healthy bones are dependent on an intricate interplay of many nutritional and hormonal factors.
Healthy bones are dynamic.
Healthy bones are important for all women, but hold special significance for the young athlete.
Healthy bones are no accident.
Healthy boundaries are essential to getting things done and building relationships that last.
Healthy boundaries are like a filter.
Healthy brains require challenges.
Healthy branches supply energy to resist the spread of discoloration and infection.
Healthy branches turn yellow and eventually brown and die.
Healthy breakfasts provide vitamins.
Most healthy breakfasts provide vitamins.
Healthy breasts can feel lumpy.
Healthy breathing focuses the mind and creates a feeling of well-being in the body.
Healthy bucks maintain polished antlers throughout the breeding season.
Healthy budgerigars are alert, active and interested in their surroundings and companions.
Healthy bulbs are firm, relatively unblemished and show no signs of rot.
Healthy bulbs are firm.
Healthy bulbs feel solid and heavy for their size.
Healthy bulbs have a range of soft fall type colors.
Healthy bush has good resistance to blackspot and mildew.
Healthy business is indicated by a rising sales graph.
Healthy businesses go hand in hand with an improved economy.
Healthy businesses have healthy banking relationships.
Healthy businesses help integrate human and natural environments.
Healthy businesses make up the spine of the American economy.
Every healthy business grows by adding new products and new markets.
Healthy calves weigh pounds.
Most healthy calves weigh pounds.
Healthy carbohydrates provide more sustained energy.
Healthy cartilage absorbs the shock of movement.
Healthy cartilage allows bones to glide over one another.
Healthy cartilage increases mobility and flexibility.
Healthy cartilage is excised from the patient and grown in vitro.
Healthy cats are placed into adoption.
Healthy cats have clear, bright eyes, pink gums, a clean nose and ears, and a smooth, shiny coat.
Most healthy cats pass well-formed stools once or twice a day.
Healthy cattle harbor the organism and are the major reservoir.
Healthy cattle have more lice than cows that are sick.
Healthy cells are colorless.
Healthy cells are rich in blood supply with radiant energy and fully functional.
Healthy cells are then permeable to water and nutrients necessary to maintain optimum health.
Healthy cells can ignore acyclovir, but infected cells activate acyclovir.
Healthy cells divide in a controlled way, but abnormal cells keep on dividing and dividing.
Healthy cells grow and divide in an orderly way.
Healthy cells grow, divide and replace themselves in an orderly manner.
Healthy cells grow, divide, and replace themselves in a way that keeps the body in good repair.
Healthy cells grow, divide, and replace themselves in an orderly manner.
Healthy cells have 'self-antigens' on the surface of their membranes.
Healthy cells have the ability to break down and eliminate unwanted proteins.
Healthy cells make for healthy bodies.
Healthy cells tear apart the transport molecule and the iron drifts safely off.
Healthy cells turn brown and abnormal cells turn white or yellow.
Healthy centers are the heart of healthy communities.
Healthy children are able to learn and play, and grow to be strong, productive adults.
Healthy children are active children.
Healthy children are also available.
Healthy children are better able to attend school and ready to learn.
Healthy children are more able to learn.
Healthy children are productive children.
Healthy children become healthy adults.
Healthy children can be the greatest resource of any country.
Healthy children can have recurrent infections and be totally healthy.
Healthy children can usually fight off illness.
Healthy children do better in school because, among other things, they are present more often.
Healthy children feel remorse when they do something that hurts another.
Healthy children get at least six colds a year.
Healthy children get heart murmurs too.
Healthy children have fewer absences, are less likely to drop out and are prepared to learn.
Healthy children learn age appropriate limits.
Healthy children learn better in school.
Healthy children learn better.
Healthy children learn more and are more likely to grow up to be healthy productive adults.
Healthy children make better students, and better students make healthy communities.
Healthy children make healthy communities.
Healthy children miss fewer school days, they do better in school and enjoy a happier childhood.
Healthy children tend to follow their appropriate percentile growth curves.
Most healthy children understand the difference between TV and the real world.
Healthy chinchillas have dry eyes.
Healthy chinchillas have eyes.
Most healthy chinchillas have dry eyes.
Most healthy chinchillas have eyes.
Healthy choices are available.
Healthy choices are possible in most cuisines.
Healthy choices have incredible power.
Healthy choices have power.
Healthy choices Limit all fats and oils.
Most healthy choices have incredible power.
Most healthy choices have power.
Some healthy choices improve health.
Healthy churches aren t around by accident.
Healthy churches exist through shared ministry of lay leadership, staff, and membership.
Healthy churches multiply.
Healthy churches plan for breaks, pauses, planned intentional reflection.
Healthy churches tend to grow.
Most healthy churches are hopeful churches.
Healthy cilia are the most important element in fighting contagions and infections in the sinuses.
Healthy citizens are the backbone of a healthy society.
Healthy cities mean new business, the creation of new jobs and economic prosperity.
Healthy cockatiels need nutrition.
Healthy cockatiels need proper nutrition.
Healthy combinations are almost endless.
Healthy communications is the result of effort and wise choices.
Healthy communities allow teachers to teach and students to focus on learning.
Healthy communities allow their citizens to grow and to be healthy.
Healthy communities are free of racism, sexism, and parochialism.
Healthy communities are key to Manitoba s future.
Healthy communities are necessary to survive.
Healthy communities are the foundation of a healthy economy.
Healthy communities are vital to Ohio's social and economic well being.
Healthy communities are vital to Ohio's social and economic well-being.
Healthy communities depend on healthy bioregions, and vice versa , for the sake of everykind.
Healthy communities depend on informed, active citizens.
Healthy communities depend on volunteers.
Healthy communities enhanced by socially responsible companies promote stable economies.
Healthy communities focus on their assets.
Healthy communities have organizations dedicated to arts and education.
Healthy communities have organizations that support religious and social missions.
Healthy communities help assure healthy babies are born.
Healthy communities help people be healthy by providing a safe environment.
Healthy communities mean healthy businesses.
Healthy communities provide mechanisms for affiliation, shared problem-solving and mutual growth.
Healthy communities provide the foundation for healthy families and individuals.
Healthy communities require much more than the components of a health care system.
Healthy communities result from healthy choices and environments that support shared responsibility.
Healthy companies acknowledge people s differences in areas like race, culture and religion.
Healthy competition can be good.
Healthy competition can make people strive to improve.
Healthy competition can stimulate faster development.
Healthy competition expands markets , and is a wonderful dynamic to behold.
Healthy competition expands markets and is a wonderful dynamic to behold.
Healthy competition helps the ordinary consumer.
Healthy competition is always good.
Healthy competition is always welcome.
Healthy competition is what makes America work and be great.
Healthy competition keeps the marketplace honest.
Healthy competition leads to improvements on all levels.
Healthy competition means more choices, and less red tape.
Healthy competition tends to make skaters go a little faster.
Healthy competitiveness is a normal urge in the human psyche.
Healthy compromises require honest and considerate communication.
Healthy conflict contributes positively to corporate success.
Healthy conflict helps the council make better decisions.
Healthy congregations are committed to reproducing themselves.
Healthy congregations are missional and have a vision.
Healthy congregations are more able to meet challenges and adapt to changes.
Healthy congregations are sensitive and responsive to the change.
Healthy congregations do more than hang signs out expecting visitors to come.
Healthy conifers cope with heavy snows by shedding it off as their limbs bend down.
Healthy contributions depend on people being open and objective.
Healthy conversation goes back and forth, back and forth.
Healthy conversation is like playing toss and catch.
Healthy cooking starts with reducing the fat and sugar in recipes.
Healthy coral is very colorful and rich with marine life.
Healthy corals are more likely to recover from bleaching, scientists say.
Healthy corium equals healthy horn and diseased corium equals diseased horn.
Healthy couples build a trust with one another.
Healthy crops are naturally more pest resistant.
Every healthy crop starts with good quality seed.
Healthy cultures don t tend to fall to invading forces.
Every healthy culture provides for there being non-joiners.
Healthy days are the positive complementary form of unhealthy days.
Healthy debate can only happen in free societies that cherish the rule of law.
Healthy debate is one thing, but keep it away from the personal level.
Healthy debate makes universities thrive.
Healthy debates are terrific just don t make it personal.
Healthy deer shed their antlers annually and grow a new set beginning in early summer.
Healthy democracy demands the full and free participation of all citizens.
Healthy dependence is horizontal rather than vertical.
Healthy development depends on ability.
Healthy development is the foundation for a healthy life from infancy through adolescence.
Healthy development refers to children's physical, intellectual, emotional, and social growth.
Most healthy development depends on ability.
Healthy diet Eat regularly for steady metabolism- avoid feast or famine diets.
Healthy diet has long range impacts on health.
Healthy diet helps in minimizing stretch marks to a large extent.
Healthy diets are essential for reducing heart disease risks.
Healthy diets consist of diverse plants.
Healthy diets consist of meals.
Healthy diets consist of plants.
Healthy diets consist of tropical plants.
Healthy diets contain amounts.
Healthy diets contain grain.
Healthy diets contain whole grain.
Healthy diets ensure healthy life.
Healthy diets ensure life.
Healthy diets have benefits.
Healthy diets help cardiovascular diseases.
Healthy diets help diseases.
Healthy diets help health problems.
Healthy diets help potential health problems.
Healthy diets help potential problems.
Healthy diets help problems.
Healthy diets help symptoms.
Healthy diets help weight.
Healthy diets improve health.
Healthy diets improve quality.
Healthy diets include fiber.
Healthy diets include food.
Healthy diets include fruit vegetables.
Healthy diets include fruit.
Healthy diets include grain.
Healthy diets include insoluble fiber.
Healthy diets include minerals.
Healthy diets include vegetables.
Healthy diets include vitamin minerals.
Healthy diets include whole grain.
Healthy diets prevent diseases.
Healthy diets promote growth.
Healthy diets protect against diseases.
Healthy diets provide calories.
Healthy diets provide enough calories.
Healthy diets provide nutrients.
Healthy diets provide nutrition.
Most healthy diets consist of diverse plants.
Most healthy diets consist of meals.
Most healthy diets consist of plants.
Most healthy diets consist of tropical plants.
Most healthy diets contain amounts.
Most healthy diets contain grain.
Most healthy diets contain whole grain.
Most healthy diets ensure healthy life.
Most healthy diets ensure life.
Most healthy diets have benefits.
Most healthy diets help cardiovascular diseases.
Most healthy diets help diseases.
Most healthy diets help health problems.
Most healthy diets help potential health problems.
Most healthy diets help potential problems.
Most healthy diets help problems.
Most healthy diets help symptoms.
Most healthy diets help weight.
Most healthy diets improve health.
Most healthy diets improve quality.
Most healthy diets prevent diseases.
Most healthy diets promote growth.
Most healthy diets protect against diseases.
Most healthy diets provide calories.
Most healthy diets provide enough calories.
Most healthy diets provide nutrients.
Most healthy diets provide nutrition.
Some healthy diets contain chromium.
Some healthy diets contain plenty.
Some healthy diets enhance dive experience.
Some healthy diets enhance experience.
Some healthy diets help blood sugar.
Some healthy diets help life.
Some healthy diets help lower blood sugar.
Some healthy diets help sugar.
Some healthy diets increase survival.
Some healthy diets provide lifelong protection.
Some healthy diets provide protection.
Healthy digestion leads to a healthy life.
Healthy diners can do well here.
Healthy disagreement produces the answers to difficult questions and choices.
Healthy disagreements can lead to better decisions.
Healthy discs allow normal bending and turning of the spine.
Healthy discharge has little odor.
Healthy discs help allow normal turning and bending.
Healthy discussion is always a good way to begin rethinking things.
Healthy discussions degenerate into vituperative attacks and disgusting rumors.
Healthy dogs are in danger from salmonella as are humans.
Healthy dogs take a little more time, work and education than that.
Most healthy dogs can run for extremely long periods of time.
Some healthy dogs have fevers.
Healthy donors can give platelets every three days.
Healthy ears are pink, clean and have a pleasant smell.
Healthy ears can tolerate sound pressure that is more than a million times higher.
Healthy eaters eat three meals a day or much along the way.
Healthy eaters enjoy all foods in moderation, including cookies, cakes or other desserts.
Healthy eating can be easy, and smart shopping can be simple.
Healthy eating can be fun and delicious, as well as nutritous.
Healthy eating can help control blood pressure in a variety of ways.
Healthy eating has a significant though undefined part.
Healthy eating has room for just about all foods in moderation.
Healthy eating is a way of life.
Healthy eating is about variety and fresh ideas.
Healthy eating is all about motivation, balance, and flexibility.
Healthy eating is also important for a healthy heart.
Healthy eating is also part of the battle with weight loss.
Healthy eating is also very important.
Healthy eating is an important one.
Healthy eating is an individual choice.
Healthy eating is as important for teeth, as it is with the heart.
Healthy eating is back in style.
Healthy eating is based on balance and variety.
Healthy eating is based on three simple principles -balance, moderation and variety.
Healthy eating is fat-free or lite eating.
Healthy eating is flexible.
Healthy eating is important for children as they develop into adults.
Healthy eating is important for everyone.
Healthy eating is important for good health.
Healthy eating is influenced by each of the determinants of health.
Healthy eating is just as important for seniors as it is for young adults, adolescents and children.
Healthy eating is key to independent living.
Healthy eating is now a standard part of the curriculum in kindergarten.
Healthy eating is one way to keep a healthy heart.
Healthy eating is perhaps the single most important element to maintaining a trim, fit physique.
Healthy eating is the ability to eat anything, anytime, as long as it is in moderation.
Healthy eating is the answer.
Healthy eating is the combination of what food people eat over time.
Healthy eating is the first step in taking better care of diabetes.
Healthy eating is the first step in taking care of diabetes.
Healthy eating seems to be contradictory to cheap and easy.
Any healthy economy is based on supply and demand.
Healthy ecosystems are biologically diverse, have complex interrelationships, and are sustainable.
Healthy ecosystems are good for our environment.
Healthy ecosystems are the foundation for strong fish and wildlife communities.
Healthy ecosystems can tolerate periodic disturbances.
Healthy ecosystems clean the air and water.
Healthy ecosystems mean healthy people which mean a healthy economy.
Healthy ecosystems provide vital goods and services to humans and other organisms.
Healthy embryos grow into foetuses.
Healthy emotions are a necessary and helpful partner for logical thinking.
Healthy emotions are as important as a healthy body, perhaps even more so.
Healthy emotions are energy in motion.
Healthy employees are happy employees.
Healthy employees are more productive and access the health care system less often.
Healthy employees are more productive on the job and are absent from work less often.
Healthy employees are more productive.
Healthy employees are productive employees.
Healthy employees are sick less often and recover from illness faster.
Healthy employees ensure the economic health of companies.
Healthy employees make for happy and productive employees.
Healthy employees make healthy companies.
Healthy employees mean a healthier and safer workplace.
Healthy employees mean a healthy company all the way to the bottom line.
Healthy employees mean healthier profits.
Healthy employees take fewer sick days, cost less to insure and are more productive.
Healthy environment contributes to sustainable growth.
Healthy environment is linked to a healthy economy.
Healthy environments encourage people to make choices and learn from their successes and failures.
Healthy environments make healthy economies, and that is an immediate benefit to everyone.
Healthy environments require involvement.
Most healthy environments require involvement.
Healthy estuaries provide good quality water.
Healthy estuaries provide water.
Healthy estuaries support profitable, commercial fisheries.
Most healthy estuaries provide good quality water.
Most healthy estuaries provide water.
Some healthy estuaries provide necessary food resources.
Some healthy estuaries provide necessary resources.
Some healthy estuaries provide resources.
Healthy exercise is activity which is done for fun.
Healthy eyes depend on a well-balanced diet.
Healthy faith has a resect for others.
Healthy families are good for the environment.
Healthy families are ones that spend time together.
Healthy families are the foundation for a healthy start in education.
Healthy families are the foundation of a healthy society.
Healthy families are the foundation of healthy communities.
Healthy families are the primary building blocks for healthy communities.
Healthy families handle conflict in a creative and nondestructive way.
Healthy families handle conflict in a creative and non-destructive way.
Healthy families have fewer rules and rules that are attainable, relevant, and flexible.
Healthy families have healthy lawns.
Healthy families produce healthy people.
Healthy families serve as a nest for our human growth and development.
Healthy families share family meals.
Healthy families speak and listen to one another in ways that convey respect, trust and openness.
Healthy families understand that conflict is a normal part of being in relationship.
Healthy families worship and share spiritual growth together.
Healthy farms have much to offer the young people.
Healthy fat leads to fat burning.
Healthy fats are found in nuts and seeds, avocado, olive oil and fish oils.
Healthy fats are so important for nutrient absorption and other important body functions.
Healthy fats come from cold Atlantic fish and certain seeds or nuts.
Healthy fears are positive.
Healthy feedback is the way products get changed.
All healthy fellowship is built on trust and trust is built on truth.
Healthy females can produce offspring at an average rate of one cria each year.
Healthy females have more sons.
Healthy ferrets are active and curious animals.
Healthy ferrets are energetic and alert.
Healthy ferrets eat dry food.
Healthy ferrets eat food.
Most healthy ferrets eat dry food.
Most healthy ferrets eat food.
Healthy finances depend on confidence, and anticipation of future profits.
Healthy fish are almost always willing to eat.
Healthy fish can control the numbers of parasites.
Healthy fish can easily go a week without food.
Healthy fish have amazing healing and regenerative capabilities.
Healthy fish have no sores, blotches, or frayed fins.
Healthy fish hold their fins up high and away from their bodies.
Healthy fish spend little or no time at the surface.
Healthy foals grow quickly and can put on up to three pounds or over a kilo a day.
Healthy foliage is needed to ensure photosynthesis is conducted to full capacity in the trees.
Healthy food choices have incredible power.
Healthy food choices have power.
Healthy food environments require involvement.
Healthy food boosts metabolism.
Healthy food contains calories.
Healthy food contains plenty of folic acid.
Healthy food helps symptoms.
Healthy food is essential.
Healthy food is good for young developing teens.
Healthy food is good.
Healthy food keeps it running, and exercise keeps it strong.
Healthy food keeps the camp healthy.
Healthy food promotes a healthy body and brain.
Healthy food provides energy.
Healthy food provides nutrients.
Healthy food provides proteins.
Healthy food provides sources.
Healthy food triggers inflammatory responses.
Healthy food triggers responses.
Healthy foods are available in all price ranges.
Healthy foods are essential to maintaining a healthy body.
Healthy foods are just as good for the brain as they are for the body.
Healthy foods can serve as energy boosters to pump up the energy in our fatigued systems.
Healthy foods contain vitamins and minerals that are essential for learning.
Healthy foods contain vitamins, minerals, fibers, phyto-nutrients and essential fatty acids.
Healthy foods fill the menus of local eateries.
Healthy foods have the opposite effect.
Healthy foods make healthy babies.
Healthy foods play a key part in disease prevention.
Healthy foods play an important role in disease prevention, weight control and disease management.
Healthy foods satisfy the mind, body and soul.
Most healthy food contains calories.
Most healthy food helps symptoms.
Most healthy food provides energy.
Most healthy food provides nutrients.
Most healthy food provides proteins.
Most healthy food provides sources.
Most healthy food triggers inflammatory responses.
Some healthy food helps poodles.
Some healthy food includes pasta.
Some healthy food leads to deficiencies.
Healthy feet are critical to every dog.
Healthy feet are critical to the overall good health of every goat.
Healthy feet are happy feet for a bird.
Healthy forests are absolutely vital to the health of native species.
Healthy forests are important to the citizens of North Carolina.
Healthy forests are naturally resistant to big attacks.
Healthy forests boost food production.
Healthy forests don t just happen and won t happen if the old debate continues.
Healthy forests mean clean water, clean air, habitat protection and jobs.
Healthy forests play an important role in protecting native ecosystems and important watersheds.
Healthy foxes pose virtually no danger to humans.
Healthy friends equal healthy systems.
Healthy fruit includes apples.
Most healthy fruit includes apples.
Healthy function is marked by a complex type of variability.
Healthy gardens are definitely possible without the use of chemical pesticides.
Healthy gerbils have a lean body and smooth, even fur with no bald patches.
Healthy gingiva is knife-edged, with pointed interdental papilla.
Healthy girls are sometimes secretly jealous of a friend with anorexia .
Healthy girls are sometimes secretly jealous of a friend with anorexia.
Healthy goals are one step beyond present or previous accomplishments.
Healthy goats ruminate after they eat.
Healthy goldfish are a pleasure to have.
Healthy goldfish are active, nosey and friendly.
Healthy goldfish have bright scales and upright dorsal fins.
Healthy grass discourages weed growth.
Healthy grass is more water efficient.
Healthy groups can stagnate.
Healthy groups encourage the indivdual's comfort and growth, and support the college experience.
Healthy groups have two leaders.
Healthy growth depends on a healthy soil.
Healthy growth depends on it.
Healthy growth is through and toward connection.
Healthy growth resumes once the plant is given sufficient light.
Healthy gums are a pale pink color and form a firm triangle between the teeth.
Healthy gums are firm and pink.
Healthy gums are just as important as healthy teeth.
Healthy gums are pale pink, smooth, and firm, and form a peak or cone between adjacent teeth.
Healthy gums are pink and firm in appearance.
Healthy gums are pink and firm, snugly fitting around each tooth.
Healthy gums are pink and firm.
Healthy gums are pink or brownish, depending upon race.
Healthy gums are the foundation of a healthy mouth.
Healthy gums are usually pink and firm.
Healthy gums fill and fit each space between teeth .
Healthy gums fill and fit each space between teeth.
Healthy gums require good oral hygiene.
Healthy habits are inconvenient, unrealistic, or even dangerous, it is alleged.
Healthy habits are the best and easiest way to prevent the spread of germs every day.
Healthy habits change life.
Most healthy habits change life.
Some healthy habits help health.
Healthy habitats have benefits.
Healthy habitats provide for fish and wildlife.
Healthy habitats restore healthy runs.
Healthy habitats use technology.
Most healthy habitats have benefits.
Most healthy habitats use technology.
Healthy hair begins with healthy skin.
Healthy hair is a mirror of both good nutrition and common sense.
Healthy hair is a natural adjunct to a really healthy person.
Healthy hair is beautiful hair.
Healthy hair is crucial to our psychological well-being.
Healthy hair is strong, about equivalent to copper wire of the same diameter.
Healthy hair requires daily attention.
Healthy hair requires iron, zinc, calcium, magnesium and boron.
Healthy hair requires minerals and vitamins.
Healthy hamsters carry protozoans.
Most healthy hamsters carry protozoans.
Healthy hands are a vital part of a productive and satisfying career and lifestyle.
Healthy hearts make happy stories.
Healthy hemoglobin holds the oxygen molecules with a precise degree of force.
Healthy hips are just as important for a show dog, a breeding dog and even more so - a pet dog.
Most healthy hooves have the coffin bone slightly tipped-down within the foot.
Healthy horses are well fed animals kept in facilities in good repair.
Healthy horses have nice pink gums that are moist to the touch.
Healthy horses stand at rest with weight equally distributed on both front legs.
Most healthy horses can be barefoot if they are in a controlled environment.
Healthy humans can weather T. gondii infection with few ill effects.
Many healthy humans are carriers as are healthy wild and domestic animals.
Healthy ideas talks about positive body image with other links on positive thinking.
Healthy iguanas can easily reach six feet, and subsequently require huge enclosures.
Healthy impala are very fast runners and, as such, are difficult creatures for predators to catch.
Healthy individuals are at very low risk, but certain health factors increase the risk of infection.
Healthy individuals are the building blocks of healthy families and healthy relationships.
Healthy individuals consume food.
Healthy individuals drink fluid.
Healthy individuals experience fatigue.
Healthy individuals make healthy societies.
Healthy individuals meet requirements.
Healthy individuals realize that with satisfaction comes responsibility.
Healthy individuals run less risk of on the job injury and miss fewer workdays due to sickness.
Healthy individuals use both hemispheres but favor one, especially during times of stress.
Many healthy individuals are less able to remember certain kinds of information as they get older.
Most healthy individuals can overcome the disease in a few weeks.
Most healthy individuals can overcome the disease within a few weeks.
Most healthy individuals can safely start a light to moderate exercise program without much concern.
Most healthy individuals consume food.
Most healthy individuals drink fluid.
Most healthy individuals meet requirements.
Some healthy individuals compare values.
Some healthy individuals have body burdens.
Some healthy individuals have burdens.
Healthy infants come in a range of sizes.
Healthy institutions are the fruit of a healthy culture.
Healthy institutions require healthy relationships.
Healthy interdependency can then occur.
Healthy intestines play an important role here.
Healthy intimacy is the state of such total acceptance.
Healthy juice drinks.
Healthy juniors make simple exercise a part of their day.
Healthy kids are happier kids.
Healthy kids are happy kids.
Healthy kids are more eager to learn in school.
Healthy kids are more ready to learn.
Healthy kids are the by-product of healthy marriages.
Healthy kids begin with healthy families.
Healthy kids come from healthy families.
Healthy kids do better in school.
Healthy kids make a healthier Texas.
Healthy kids make better students, and better students make healthy communities.
Healthy kids make better students.
Healthy Kids Make Better Students.
Most healthy kids get sick once in a while.
Healthy kidneys can remove about one to two quarts of urine a day.
Healthy kidneys keep protein in the blood, which helps the blood soak up water from tissues.
Healthy kidneys produce concentrated urine that is relatively protein-free.
Healthy kidneys produce urine.
Healthy kidneys remove creatinine and urea nitrogen from the blood.
Healthy kidneys remove excess potassium in the urine to help maintain normal levels in the blood.
Healthy kidneys remove urea from the blood for excretion in urine.
Healthy kidneys remove wastes and excess fluid from the blood.
Healthy kidneys stop red blood cells from going into urine.
Healthy kidneys take creatinine out of the blood and put it in the urine to leave the body.
Healthy kidneys take wastes out of the blood but leave in protein.
Most healthy kidneys produce urine.
Healthy kittens are able to nurse almost immediately after birth.
Healthy lambs get a leg up on life when the mother s milk is rich and nutritious.
Healthy land is the only way to success for an agricultural producer.
Healthy larvae are pearly white in color with a glistening appearance.
Healthy lawn is worth the work.
Healthy lawns can recover more easily from white grub damage.
Healthy lawns cope better with the occasional cranefly infestation.
Healthy lawns go brown during a drought, but quickly turn green when rainfall resumes.
Healthy lawns grow on healthy soil.
Healthy lawns resist weeds, disease, and insect damage, and also require watering less often.
Healthy lawns tolerate injury better than lawns in poor condition.
Some healthy lawns depend on ability.
Healthy leaders accept the responsibility of helping people realize that potential.
Healthy leaders are committed to serve and develop others.
Healthy leaders are lifelong learners.
Healthy leaders have a dynamic view of life and ministry.
Healthy leaders have a life perspective.
Healthy leadership is about healthy self-differentiation .
Healthy leaf appears at the bottom.
Healthy leaves are a stunning dark green with a leathery texture.
Healthy leaves are important for effective harvesting.
Healthy leaves depend on healthy roots.
Healthy leaves fall over when the rhizomes rot.
Healthy life is more than luck or fate.
Healthy lifestyle has impact.
Healthy lifestyle is encouraged.
Healthy lifestyles are about changing destructive habits and building good ones.
Healthy lifestyles are good lifestyles to have.
Healthy lifestyles are high on the public agendas in the west.
Healthy lifestyles are part of their corporate culture.
Healthy lifestyles can help prevent heart disease and stroke.
Healthy lifestyles is the program's third focus.
Most healthy lifestyle has impact.
Some healthy lifestyle promotes growth.
Some healthy lifestyle promotes hair growth.
Healthy ligaments send information to the brain about the position of a joint.
Healthy ligaments send information to the central nervous system about the position of a joint.
Healthy livestock are fundamental to a safe food supply for the American public.
Healthy living includes a variety of positive personal actions to prevent disease.
Healthy living is a guide to staying healthy and keeping fit.
Healthy living is a primary means of disease prevention .
Healthy living is distorted when a single problem is the focus, and others ignored.
Healthy living is seen as a way to control major childhood health issues such as asthma and obesity.
Healthy living is without sponsorship.
Healthy living leads to healthy loving.
Healthy living means a wise diet and appropriate exercise.
Healthy living means being active and eating well.
Healthy living means living longer with less to worry about.
Healthy lizards eat more roaches.
Healthy love creates life.
Healthy love involves devotion and trust.
Healthy love is as unconditional as any human can make it.
Healthy love is consistent.
Healthy love is gentle and comfortable.
Healthy love is part of the human fabric.
Healthy love is playful, passionate, sensitive and proud.
Healthy love is unique.
Healthy lunch consists of proteins.
Healthy lungs are able to transfer the oxygen to the bloodstream.
Healthy lungs are an intricate weave of more than three hundred million tiny air sacs.
Healthy lungs are capable of providing all that room and more.
Healthy lungs are essential to feeling good.
Healthy lungs are pink .
Healthy lungs look clear and black.
Healthy men are able to have sexual intercourse well into advanced ages.
Healthy men have involuntary erections during sleep.
Healthy men seek care.
Healthy men seek medical care.
Most healthy men experience about three to five erections in their sleep each night.
Most healthy men seek care.
Most healthy men seek medical care.
Some healthy men consume fat diets.
Some healthy men consume low fat diets.
Some healthy men die from attacks.
Healthy marriages require strenuous preparation during engagement.
Healthy marriages take a lot of hard work.
Healthy marrow is infused via a catheter into the patient.
Healthy meals are available at break time as well.
Healthy meals don t have to be a hassle.
Some healthy meals consist of vegetables.
Healthy metabolism contributes to obesity.
Healthy minds are the product of healthy spiritual, emotional and physical disciplines.
Healthy moles tend to be brownish in color and evenly shaped, like a circle or oval.
Healthy moms take chances.
Healthy moms tend to have healthy babies.
Most healthy moms take chances.
Some healthy moms take shoots.
Healthy mothers are more likely to have healthy babies.
Healthy mothers are more likely to have healthy families.
Healthy mothers grow healthy babies.
Healthy mothers make for healthy children.
Healthy mucosa allows nutrients to pass the barrier while blocking the entry of toxins.
Healthy mucosa has a bit of a shine.
Healthy muscles are free of spasm, weakness, pain, knots, or degeneration.
Healthy muscles make for a healthy back.
Healthy muscles make for a healthy person.
Healthy muscles provide protection to bones and joints.
Healthy nails are flexible on the sides and stable at the center.
Healthy nails are pink which indicates a good blood supply.
Healthy nails are pink, free of dirt and impairment, and grow into the grooves normally.
Healthy nails are pink, smooth and evenly shaped.
Healthy nails are smooth, shiny, and translucent pink.
Healthy nails are transparent and look a little rosy because of the blood underneath.
Healthy nations have healthy schools.
Healthy neglect is a very successful management style.
Healthy neighbors create stronger regions through economic integration and political cooperation.
Healthy neighborhoods continue to change.
Healthy neighborhoods have streets.
Healthy neighborhoods result from active participation and a commitment to personal responsibility.
Most healthy neighborhoods have streets.
Healthy newborns have lowest priority, regardless of the status of the mother.
All healthy newborns belong to and belong with their mothers.
All healthy newborns undergo one or two heel lances within the first few days for blood tests.
Healthy nutrition can also mean fewer and lower medical bills.
Healthy nutrition can also mean fewer medical bills.
Healthy nutrition can also mean less medical bills.
Healthy nutrition is needed to have regular periods and normal estrogen levels.
Healthy nutrition is paramount.
Healthy nutrition is vital to our lives.
Healthy nutrition means eating meals that are high in protein, and low in carbohydrates.
Healthy nutrition starts with balanced diets and low fat.
Healthy oceans are vital to the health of the whole earth.
Healthy oceans exert multiple and profound influences over our lives.
Healthy offices reduce absenteeism and helps employees stay sharp.
Healthy oils are always liquid at the temperature of blood .
Healthy oils are always liquid at the temperature of blood.
Healthy optimism is an outstanding characteristic of successful problem solvers.
Healthy options are available.
Healthy orchids are more resistant to pests and diseases.
Healthy organs produce waste.
Healthy organs vibrate at specific frequencies.
Most healthy organs produce waste.
Healthy organizations are clear on where they are going.
Healthy organizations are future oriented.
Healthy organizations are in everybody's interest.
Healthy organizations devote a good deal of time to wondering and watching.
Healthy organizations have a different view of people.
Healthy organizations have a different view of the leader.
Healthy organizations have a different view of the potential of people.
Healthy organizations have a different way of looking at how people work together.
Healthy organizations have healthy relationships.
Healthy organizations have mechanisms for the negotiation of differences.
Healthy organizations have routine checkups to prevent crises from occurring.
Healthy organizations offer people opportunities for new learning.
Healthy organizations refuse to cut corners on the truth.
Healthy ovules are plump and white, but become black with cold injury.
Healthy oxygen is valuable.
Healthy oysters help filter the Bay making it cleaner for plants, fish, and humans.
Healthy pairs go to the healthy post-calving pen.
Healthy parents are able to keep their children's needs clearly in focus.
Healthy parents are both a genetic and a generational blessing.
Healthy parents are more likely to have healthy children.
Healthy parents have the capacity to become vitally absorbed in something outside of themselves.
Many healthy parrots can live as long as people.
Healthy parrotfishes depend on healthy coral reefs.
Healthy partnerships are field oriented.
Healthy patients contact clinics.
Healthy patients require less treatment.
Healthy patterns develop in increments, rather than all at once.
Healthy people accomplish more and feel better.
Healthy people acknowledge pain, accept it and talk about it.
Healthy people add significant momentum to the forces of economic development and poverty reduction.
Healthy people are able to live fuller, happier lives.
Healthy people are another matter.
Healthy people are better able to cope and recover.
Healthy people are grateful people.
Healthy people are happier and more productive.
Healthy people are more productive and are more likely to get promoted and earn more.
Healthy people are more productive and better able to contribute to their countries' welfare.
Healthy people are more productive than sick people.
Healthy people are the building blocks of healthy families.
Healthy people attract healthy people.
Healthy people avoid being excessively angry, spiteful, jealous, or bitter.
Healthy people become ill, and sick people die.
Healthy people become ill.
Healthy people build healthy relationships.
Healthy people can always see the bright, positive side to whatever happens.
Healthy people can do more things to improve their state of being.
Healthy people can donate blood as often as once every eight weeks.
Healthy people can exercise without supervision.
Healthy people can give every eight weeks.
Healthy people can live comfortably with only one kidney.
Healthy people can obtain coverage from any company.
Healthy people can receive it anytime.
Healthy people can recover without medical treatment.
Healthy people can take two tablespoons of flaxseed oil a day.
Healthy people create a healthy society.
Healthy people dance.
Healthy people do what works, unhealthy people do what used to work.
Healthy people enjoy more energy and a better positive mental attitude.
Healthy people experience adverse symptoms that affect normal activity.
Healthy people experience anger, but as a transitory state.
Healthy people express creative attitudes in all they do.
Healthy people get angry-it's natural and necessary.
Healthy people have a large surplus of platelets.
Healthy people HAVE a low resting heart rate.
Healthy people have a stronger sense of self, and have higher self-esteem.
Healthy people have a surplus of platelets.
Healthy people have an enormous reserve of marrow which is constantly being renewed.
Healthy people have congruence between the self and the ideal self.
Healthy people have energy left after work so that they can balance their life with play.
Healthy people have hundreds of thousands of platelets in each cubic millimeter of blood.
Healthy people have more fun and have the creative energy to respond to new opportunities.
Healthy people insure that the community functions properly.
Healthy people know how to stay in touch with their physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual self.
Healthy people learn to recognize and deal with their feelings.
Healthy people learn to recognize, feel and express their emotions appropriately.
Healthy people meet their fluid needs by drinking when thirsty and drinking with meals.
Healthy people metabolize alcohol at a fairly consistent rate.
Healthy people provide the labor and knowledge that underpin agricultural production and innovation.
Healthy people recover rapidly in two to five days.
Healthy people suffer typical food-poisoning symptoms like nausea and vomiting.
Healthy people take care of the planet.
Healthy people tend to feel better, and therefore, have an easier time being happy.
Healthy people think nothing of picking up a glass of water and bringing it to their lips.
Healthy people tolerate their mood swings.
Healthy People transcends politics.
All healthy people make acquaintances, some of whom become friends.
All healthy people prefer the company of their own kind, and it has nothing to do with hatred.
Many healthy people are less able to remember certain kinds of information as they age.
Many healthy people carry the bacteria in their nose or throat for a long time.
Many healthy people drink magnetized water daily to eliminate possible digestive disorders.
Many healthy people have heart murmurs.
Many healthy people have temperatures a degree above or below average.
Many healthy people use it to maintain good health and also as a way of relaxing.
Many healthy people walk around with a temperature a degree or so above or below average.
Most healthy people can be blood donors.
Most healthy people can give blood.
Most healthy people can survive well in periods of high heat.
Most healthy people have no trouble resisting infection.
Most healthy people have one thing in common-they give of themselves to others.
Most healthy people recover from cases of flu without a problem.
Most healthy people recover within a few days without specific treatment.
Most healthy people suffer from abdominal pain.
Most healthy people suffer from pain.
Some healthy people have a positive test.
Some healthy people have abundances.
Some healthy people take breaths.
Healthy perfectionists score high in perfectionistic strivings and low in perfectionistic concerns.
Healthy people suffer from abdominal pain.
Healthy people suffer from pain.
Healthy persons infected with salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.
Healthy persons infected with salmonella often experience symptoms similar to a bad case of the flu.
Any healthy person can go.
Healthy pets have a greater chance of surviving the stresses of a storm.
Healthy pets mean happy owners.
Healthy pets yield healthier lives for all our family members.
Healthy pigs are active and alert with bright looks in their eyes.
Healthy pigeons are another piece of the picture.
Healthy plant is on the right.
Healthy plants are branches, with more than one shoot per stem.
Healthy plants are disease resistant.
Healthy plants are far more resistant to diseases and pests.
Healthy plants are highly productive and bear continuously up until frost.
Healthy plants are less attractive to insects and also tolerate some damage.
Healthy plants are less likely to be attacked by pests.
Healthy plants are less likely to have disease problems than weak, undernourished ones.
Healthy plants are less likely to suffer from stresses caused by the weather, insects or disease.
Healthy plants are less susceptible to insect attack than unhealthy ones.
Healthy plants are more drought, disease, and pest resistant.
Healthy plants are more effective at defending themselves against insects and competition.
Healthy plants are more productive plants with more flowers.
Healthy plants are more resistant to pest and disease than their weaker cousins.
Healthy plants are more resistant to pest attack.
Healthy plants are much more resistant to problems.
Healthy plants attract fewer pests, and healthy soil grows healthy plants.
Healthy plants begin with healthy seeds and seedlings.
Healthy plants can often withstand a good deal of defoliation, especially late in the season.
Healthy plants can provide good forage for livestock.
Healthy plants can resist attack by diseases and insects, and require less care.
Healthy plants can usually tolerate thrip damage.
Healthy plants can withstand insect attacks much better than weak plants.
Healthy plants can withstand the attack of one to two larvae.
Healthy plants come from terrific soil.
Healthy plants depend on it.
Healthy plants give off oxygen during photosynthesis.
Healthy plants go a long way to keeping our air clean.
Healthy plants grow in environments.
Healthy plants grow in favorable environments.
Healthy plants grow to height.
Healthy plants have a better chance to survive the winter.
Healthy plants have a greater tolerance to the parasite.
Healthy plants have a tendency to grow a whole lot of leaves.
Healthy plants have capacity.
Healthy plants help clean air, conserve soil, and beautify landscapes.
Healthy plants help clean our air and conserve our soil.
Healthy plants help clean our air, conserve our soil and beautify our landscapes.
Healthy plants help clean the air, conserve our soil and beautify our landscapes.
Healthy plants help clean the air, conserve soil and make the community more beautiful.
Healthy plants produce healthy produce.
Healthy plants require healthy soil in which to grow.
Healthy plants require water.
Healthy plants resist drought, disease, and pests.
Healthy plants stand a better chance against insects and diseases.
Healthy plants survive in gardens.
Healthy plants tend to create much more food than they can immediately use.
Healthy plants tend to produce slightly thicker roots that grow faster.
Healthy plants tend to resist disease and insect damage better than weak plants.
Healthy plants tend to stay healthy.
Healthy plants will have green leaves.
Healthy plants will have leaves.
Healthy plants will have solid green leaves.
Most healthy plants grow in environments.
Most healthy plants grow in favorable environments.
Most healthy plants grow to height.
Most healthy plants have a high level of chlorophyll, so they appear bright green.
Most healthy plants have capacity.
Most healthy plants require water.
Most healthy plants survive in gardens.
Some healthy plants have beneficial fungi.
Some healthy plants have fungi.
Some healthy plants suffer infection.
Healthy poinsettias have dark green leaves below the bracts and foliage all the way to the base.
Healthy power is based among other things on a good sense of competence and giftedness.
Healthy pregnancy diets promote growth.
Healthy pregnancies are the key to having healthy babies.
Healthy priests maintain clear, flexible boundaries and clarity of purpose.
Healthy prions are very similar from mammal to mammal.
Healthy puppies learn quickly.
Healthy puppies stay that way by eating good food and often.
All healthy puppies grow quickly after birth.
Healthy questions keep faith dynamic.
Healthy rabbits are happy rabbits.
Healthy range is in good or excellent condition.
Healthy rangelands reduce soil erosion and sedimentation.
Healthy reefs are vital for human health.
Healthy Regression Learn how healthy regression can be a pre-emptive strike against panic attacks.
Healthy relationships allow talent to thrive.
Healthy relationships are based on trust, respect, communication, honesty, and independence.
Healthy relationships are between winners who seek answers to problems together.
Healthy relationships are critical to faith growth.
Healthy relationships are essential for our psychological health.
Healthy relationships are respectful, inclusive, and mutually rewarding.
Healthy relationships are the key to achieving results.
Healthy relationships can admit mistakes.
Healthy relationships can only produce healthy environments.
Healthy relationships check things out.
Healthy relationships enhance the life of both partners.
Healthy relationships have room for compromise and negotiations.
Healthy relationships involve respect for each other's differences.
Healthy relationships promote healthy behavior, which leads to a healthy and positive self-esteem.
Healthy relationships recognize each person's right to explain themselves.
Healthy relationships require a proper balance of discipline and freedom.
Healthy relationships require open lines of communication throughout the team.
Healthy relationships require time to develop.
All healthy relationships involve faithfulness, boundaries and commitment.
Any healthy relationship is built on honesty.
Any healthy relationship takes time.
Healthy religion is all about hope.
Healthy reproduction includes a wide range of components.
Healthy reptiles can fast for long periods without effect.
Healthy resources Learn how to stay healthy.
Healthy ribs represent a feeling of physical security.
Healthy rivalries are great media magnets and serve to sustain the rivals in tough times.
Healthy rivers attract healthy businesses.
Healthy roots are fibrous appearing and are usually white or tan in color.
Healthy roots are firm and usually lighter in color than the surrounding soil.
Healthy roots are firm and white.
Healthy roots are medium to light brown or tan, and bend.
Healthy roots are typically white without any discolorations.
Healthy roots are vital to the well-being and the continued development of most cultivated plants.
Healthy roots are white and fleshy.
Healthy roots are white.
Healthy roots feel firm.
Healthy roots make healthy plants.
Healthy roots mean larger blooms.
Healthy roses are more able to survive cold.
Healthy roses produce the maximum number of flowers.
Healthy sales are sure to follow.
Healthy scepticism can only serve to defend human rights.
Healthy scepticism is good, Corrosive cynicism destroys.
Healthy seeds are thick and white.
Healthy seeds function similarly to antibodies.
Healthy seedlings produce a thick, long taproot.
Healthy semen is milky white.
Healthy seniors choose a flexible bed to prevent back pain and to relieve a sore back.
Healthy sex creates joy, self-respect, and personal growth.
Healthy sex has to do with a relationship which is certainly a friendship, which is based on trust.
Healthy sex is a fulfilling expression of affection and love.
Healthy sex is something everyone deserves and can achieve.
Healthy sex is something everyone deserves and can be achieved.
Healthy sex is. . .
Healthy sexuality is an important part of most intimate relationships.
Healthy sexuality is mental, physical, spiritual and emotional satisfaction.
Healthy sexuality is one of the fundamental pillars of health.
Healthy sexuality is sex inside of marriage.
Healthy shame is temporary.
Healthy sheep are attentive, responsive, and have a good appetite.
Healthy sheep are more reproductively useful than diseased sheep.
Healthy sheep can obviously handle worm infestations.
Healthy sheep eat regularly.
Healthy sheep have appetite.
Healthy sheep have good appetite.
Healthy sheep have pink membranes in their eyes and pink skin around their mouth.
Most healthy sheep have good appetite.
Healthy shorelines are full of life.
Healthy shoulders are usually loose when the muscles are relaxed.
Healthy silk creates more air pockets inside and outside the fabric.
Healthy sinuses drain almost a quart of mucus every day.
Healthy skepticism is always a lifesaver.
Healthy skepticism is one thing.
Some healthy skepticism seems wise.
Healthy skin begins as clean skin.
Healthy skin begins on the inside.
Healthy skin comes from good nutrition, good breeding, and proper care and grooming.
Healthy skin contributes to a healthy-looking tan.
Healthy skin demands only fresh air, some sunshine and cleanliness.
Healthy skin inhibits the entry of germs except when it is cut.
Healthy skin is a mirror of a healthy body.
Healthy skin is a sign of healthy liver and healthy intestines.
Healthy skin is a sign of robust health and a clean internal system.
Healthy skin is attractive skin.
Healthy skin is beautiful skin.
Healthy skin is grafted from elsewhere on their bodies, causing pain and additional scarring.
Healthy skin is less likely to be damaged.
Healthy skin is only one of many reasons why vitamin A is essential to the body.
Healthy skin is smooth, with no breaks in the surface.
Healthy skin is supple.
Healthy skin is the most important element of a great looking face.
Healthy skin is the most important element to a great looking face.
Healthy skin is within reach.
Healthy skin is young looking skin.
Healthy skin knows how to replace damaged cells and stimulate growth of new, vibrant skin.
Healthy skin knows how to replace damaged cells and stimulate the growth of new, vibrant skin.
Healthy skin needs both.
Healthy skin needs oxygen and needs to release carbon dioxide.
Healthy skin protects against infection and bacteria.
Healthy skin requires good nutrition.
Healthy skin starts from the inside and works out.
Healthy snacks are available at various times throughout the day .
Healthy snacks are better than full meals during the night.
Healthy snacks are ones that are low in fat, low in sugar and low in salt.
Healthy snacks are preferred, no canned sodas or candy please.
Healthy snacks can help students keep their energy level up throughout the day.
Healthy snacks can play an important role in maintaining a good fat burning metabolism.
Healthy snacks help to bridge the gap between meals.
Healthy snacks reduce hunger.
Most healthy snacks reduce hunger.
Healthy societies are optimistic about, and willing to invest in the future - for the long term.
All healthy societies pass along their moral and cultural traditions to their children.
Healthy soil contain a complex web of organisms.
Healthy soil ensures a healthy lawn and can better resist insect attack and weed infestation.
Healthy soil grows healthy plants.
Healthy soil has good aggregation.
Healthy soil helps minimize pests.
Healthy soil holds water, a lot of water.
Healthy soil is a living natural resource.
Healthy soil is biologically active.
Healthy soil is composed of sand, clay, and silt.
Healthy soil is crumbly to the touch.
Healthy soil is extremely vital to plants.
Healthy soil is filled with microorganisms, earthworms and humus.
Healthy soil is integral to rebuilding healthy, productive, biodiverse forests.
Healthy soil is like an immune system.
Healthy soil is made up of millions of micro-organisms.
Healthy soil is our greatest resource for healthy plants.
Healthy soil is the cornerstone of organic farming.
Healthy soil is the first step.
Healthy soil is the key to a successful vegetable garden.
Healthy soil is the key to healthy crops and health-enhancing foods.
Healthy soil is the key to healthy plants.
Healthy soil is the key to thriving plants.
Healthy soil leads to healthy plants.
Healthy soil makes for healthy plants.
Healthy soil makes healthy crops, healthy people and a healthy society.
Healthy soil makes healthy roots.
Healthy soil means a healthy garden.
Healthy soil means healthy crops.
Healthy soil means healthy plants and there is just no substitute.
Healthy soil means healthy plants.
Healthy soil means increased resistance to traffic, weather, parasites and disease.
Healthy soil produces the most nutritious greens and contributes to their long shelf life.
Healthy soil provides the basis for healthy crops and a balanced, resilient ecosystem.
Healthy soil requires a high population of microbes.
Healthy soil requires lots of biological activity in the form of earthworms and microorganisms.
Healthy soils are key to producing good harvests with minimal pest problems.
Healthy soils are the basis for healthy food production.
Healthy soils contain the right amount of nutrients for good tree and fruit development.
Healthy soils grow healthy plants.
Healthy soils have many pores between and within the aggregates.
Healthy soils have more organic matter and give off more carbon dioxide than unhealthy soils.
Healthy soils have plenty of spaces for air and water to flow through.
Healthy soils lead to healthy plants.
Healthy soils provide better for plants and turf and that means less maintenance.
Healthy specimens prefer to take their time.
Healthy sperm have a characteristic structure and tend to swim in straight lines.
Healthy staff provide the best care for children.
Healthy stands can disappear in a few days if large numbers of beetles descend on a field.
Healthy Starts Educate the community on healthy starts.
Healthy stools are firm and dark brown, and rodent hair is sometimes visible.
Healthy streams are essential to salmon recovery.
Healthy streams contain a variety of plants, insects, and animals.
Healthy streams have flood plains and often have adjacent wetlands.
Healthy streams mean clean water and livable communities for people and fish.
Healthy streams require a wide forested buffer.
Healthy streams support a wide variety of organisms.
Healthy students achieve better academic success and increased productivity.
Healthy students are free to concentrate on their studies and to reach their fullest potential.
Healthy students are more able to be successful.
Healthy students can reach higher educational potentials.
Healthy students learn more.
Healthy suburbs thrive around healthy cities.
Healthy support is nothing less than miraculous.
Healthy tadpoles can become sick by spending time near infected animals.
Healthy tangs tend to graze continuously during the day.
Healthy taproots are creamy, white and firm in texture.
Healthy taproots are creamy, white, and firm in texture.
Healthy teams ensure responsibility for their decisions.
Most healthy teenagers get at least three colds a year.
Healthy tendon requires a major force to tear it.
Healthy terrapins are active.
Healthy testicles are smooth, oval-shaped, and rather firm.
Healthy things reproduce.
All healthy things are sweet-tempered.
Healthy thoughts accompany healthy bodies.
Most healthy tigers avoid people.
Healthy timber is pinkish-brown with small darker flecks.
Healthy tissue is firm tissue.
Healthy tissue is nearly white or green.
Healthy tissue is spared and side effects are minimal.
Some healthy tissue surrounds flesh.
Healthy tongues are pink or red.
Healthy teeth affect nearly every aspect of our lives - even our overall health.
Healthy teeth are a shade of white, shiny, and strong.
Healthy teeth are an endangered species.
Healthy teeth are pretty firmly rooted.
Healthy teeth are white and secure in firm, pink gums.
Healthy teeth can last a lifetime.
Healthy teeth have less cavities.
Healthy teeth stimulate and keep bone tissue healthy and vice versa.
Healthy toppings are available.
Healthy touch builds friendship, too.
Healthy towns make for healthy inhabitants.
Healthy traditions prepare the hearts of tomorrow.
Healthy training is a no nonsense approach to fitness.
Healthy transplants Use soil-less media.
Healthy treats are also good to have.
Healthy treats are fine, too.
Healthy trees add beauty to our homes and parks.
Healthy trees are better able to fight off scale.
Healthy trees are far less susceptible to the effects of gypsy moth feeding.
Healthy trees are generally able to survive being defoliated one year.
Healthy trees are in turn vital to Canada's well-being.
Healthy trees are less attractive to beetles than trees under stress.
Healthy trees are less likely to be attacked by insect pests than are weakened or sick trees.
Healthy trees are more likely to recover from a severe anthracnose attack than are stressed trees.
Healthy trees are more resistant.
Healthy trees are more tolerant than stressed ones.
Healthy trees are the best defense against beetle problems.
Healthy trees are the best defense against the gypsy moth.
Healthy trees are usually strong enough to survive the beetles attack.
Healthy trees attract fewer insects and can withstand some borer activity.
Healthy trees can live for hundreds of years.
Healthy trees can tolerate the occasional loss of a few twigs.
Healthy trees can withstand more stress than damaged and neglected trees.
Healthy trees cover tunnels with scar tissue.
Healthy trees equate to higher quality coffee.
Healthy trees form roots.
Healthy trees have a better chance of fighting off disease and insect damage.
Healthy trees have the ability to produce good quantity and quality of fruit.
Healthy trees live for years.
Healthy trees produce crops.
Healthy trees produce fruit crops.
Healthy trees provide habitats.
Healthy trees provide wildlife habitats.
Healthy trees respond by bleeding pitch from attack holes.
Healthy trees respond to beetle attacks by exuding copious amounts of pitch or sap.
Healthy trees respond well to pruning and shearing.
Healthy trees translate into good growth, higher sap volume, and more resistant trees.
Most healthy trees can tolerate an anthracnose infection with little loss of vigor.
Most healthy trees form roots.
Most healthy trees live for years.
Most healthy trees produce crops.
Most healthy trees produce fruit crops.
Most healthy trees provide habitats.
Most healthy trees provide wildlife habitats.
Some healthy trees have health issues.
Some healthy trees have issues.
Some healthy trees prevent damage.
Some healthy trees prevent storm damage.
Some healthy trees produce coconuts.
Some healthy trees show infection.
Some healthy trees survive after losing half of their roots.
Healthy turf competes with weeds for water and nutrients.
Healthy turf has many benefits and is great for the environment.
Healthy turf holds rain water, filters sediments and chemicals, and requires less frequent watering.
Healthy turf reduces allergic reactions caused by dust and other particles in the air.
Most healthy ungulates are fast enough to outrun a pack of wolves.
Healthy vegetables have properties.
Healthy vegetables have several good properties.
Most healthy vegetables have properties.
Most healthy vegetables have several good properties.
Healthy vegetarian diets help weight.
Healthy vegetation appears as red, and deforested land and urban areas appear as light blue.
Healthy vegetation is green.
Healthy vegetation reflects differently than unhealthy vegetation.
Healthy vegetation reflects more infrared than dead and dying vegetation.
Healthy vegetation reflects very well in the near infrared part of the spectrum.
Healthy violets require proper temperature, light and humidity.
Healthy volunteers help attend to some of their needs.
Healthy waters are often slightly alkaline because of carbon dioxide content.
Healthy watersheds are attractive in siting new businesses and in keeping a local economy healthy.
Healthy watersheds are critical to healthy rivers.
Healthy watersheds are essential to health, diverse wildlife.
Healthy watersheds are vital for a healthy environment and economy.
Healthy watersheds are vital for a healthy environment for our children and aquatic life.
Healthy watersheds are vital for a healthy environment.
Healthy watersheds mean a better quality of life.
Healthy watersheds mean healthy people.
Healthy waterways are essential to Maine s ecology, economy and way of life.
Healthy weeds die faster.
Healthy weight is supported by healthy habits.
Healthy weight Maintaining a healthy weight for one's height is also very important.
Healthy weight ranges for adult men and women.
Healthy weight varies somewhat from person to person.
Healthy weights differ among people of the same height because body builds and shapes vary.
Some healthy weight improves survival.
Healthy wetlands are part of a healthy coastal ecosystem.
Healthy wetlands means cleaner water, reduced flooding and more places for recreation.
Healthy whole food provides nutrients.
Healthy wildlife is part of long term sustainability.
Healthy women are able to use the birth control pill safely right up until menopause.
Healthy women are critical to the survival and welfare of infants.
Healthy women can probably undertake such a program without medical screening.
Healthy women continue pregnancy.
Healthy women have a greater chance of having healthy children.
Healthy women have a small amount of yeast in their vagina.
Healthy women live longer and contribute more to their families' livelihood.
Healthy women live longer lives and contribute more to their families' livelihoods.
Healthy women participate in activities.
Healthy women participate in vigorous activities.
Healthy women provide values.
Most healthy women continue pregnancy.
Most healthy women participate in activities.
Most healthy women participate in vigorous activities.
Most healthy women provide values.
Some healthy women achieve results.
Some healthy women achieve same results.
Some healthy women eat acid.
Some healthy women expect twins.
Healthy wood is assertive to achieve the goals.
Healthy workers are better workers, health insurance discounts, yadda yadda yadda.
Healthy workers mean a healthy business and a healthier society.
Healthy workplaces are just as important as healthy outdoor environments.
Healthy workplaces provide employees an opportunity for success while enriching their lives.
Healthy worms have the brightest colors, while weaker worms show increasingly dimmer body color.
Healthy young plants require water.
HEAP allocation is dynamic.
A heap is a collection
HEAP helps pay heating bills for low-income senior citizens.
Heap isa aggregation.
Heap isa collection.
Heaps are easy to implement, and they are stored in an array, which is pretty efficient.
Heaps are extra regions of memory that use pointers but in a very controlled way.
Heaps are groupings of memory segments utilized for specific types of processing.
Heaps contain only integer data.
Heaps create heat.
Some heaps actually operate best on a sliver of a tank.
A hearer is an observer
Hearers can tell from the illustrations whether a sermon is practical.
Hearing aid is an electronic device
Hearing aid is electronic devices.
Hearing aid is flesh coloreds.
Hearing aid is located in drawers.
Hearing aid is located in ears.
Hearing aid is made of plastic.
Hearing aids amplify all sound, so sometimes they are very loud.
Hearing aids amplify sound so that it's loud enough to be perceived.
Hearing aids amplify sound, making the sounds louder.
Hearing aids amplify sound.
Hearing aids are a covered benefit for military personnel.
Hearing aids are a critical first step in treating hearing loss.
Hearing aids are a large portion of it.
Hearing aids are a major uncovered health care expense.
Hearing aids are a totally different kind of purchase.
Hearing aids are a very important part of the program for a child with a hearing loss.
Hearing aids are a very personal thing.
Hearing aids are able to amplify sound and in some cases they block background noise.
Hearing aids are acceptable.
Hearing aids are all the same.
Hearing aids are also an option in relieving the perceived hearing loss in otosclerosis.
Hearing aids are an unreliable indication of how much a person is able to hear.
Hearing aids are assistive devices which improve hearing for some individuals.
Hearing aids are available for use at each of the services.
Hearing aids are available for use during our worship services.
Hearing aids are beneficial in the treatment of sensorineural hearing loss.
Hearing aids are effective.
Hearing aids are electronic instruments custom-fitted to a person's ear for sound amplification.
Hearing aids are electronic or battery-operated devices that can amplify and change sound.
Hearing aids are embarrassing and make people look older.
Hearing aids are expensive.
Hearing aids are fit by a prescriptive method.
Hearing aids are helpful.
Hearing aids are like cochlear implants in that regard, i.e., hearing prostheses.
Hearing aids are microphones placed at the listener's ear.
Hearing aids are microphones placed in the listener's ear.
Hearing aids are more prone to experience interference in weak reception areas.
Hearing aids are now more comfortable to use.
Hearing aids are now of therapeutic value in cases of auditory nerve damage.
Hearing aids are now smaller and more versatile.
Hearing aids are of limited help.
Hearing aids are often a necessity during adulthood.
Hearing aids are often good remedies to individuals with minimal hearing loss.
Hearing aids are one of the mainstays of personal communication for people with hearing loss.
Hearing aids are one of the solutions, but cost is often an issue.
Hearing aids are only one of many available.
Hearing aids are simple in principle.
Hearing aids are the answer for some, assistive listening devices for others.
Hearing aids are the mainstay of treatment.
Hearing aids are the most common form of help for a person affected by sensorineural hearing loss.
Hearing aids are the third most widely used assistive devices following eye glasses and canes.
Hearing aids are too expensive.
Hearing aids are too intricate and there is no space available for modifications.
Hearing aids are unquestionably an effective way of reducing the handicap of hearing loss.
Hearing aids are useless to people with sensorineural hearing loss.
Hearing aids are usually the best solution to a sensorineural hearing loss.
Hearing aids are, without a doubt, the biggest commercial application of auditory principles.
Hearing aids can aid in both sensorineural hearing loss and tinnitus.
Hearing aids can also function as maskers by amplifying external sounds.
Hearing aids can be difficult to fit, often requiring several adjustments.
Hearing aids can be just partially effective.
Hearing aids can be very helpful.
Hearing aids can benefit many children with sensorineural loss.
Hearing aids can compensate for some kinds of hearing loss.
Hearing aids can cost thousands of dollars.
Hearing aids can increase the volume of speech the child is hearing.
Hearing aids can make soft sounds louder and can make listening easier.
Hearing aids can often reduce the effects of hearing loss.
Hearing aids can rectify a permanent hearing loss.
Hearing aids can selectively amplify sounds in each frequency range with hearing loss.
Hearing aids can trap moisture in the ear canal.
Hearing aids can usually help hearing loss that involves damage to the inner ear.
Hearing aids come in a great variety of styles and options.
Hearing aids come in a wide range of sizes or styles.
Hearing aids come in many types, designs, and styles.
Hearing aids come with a long string attached in case they go in too far.
Hearing aids continue to get stronger and smaller.
Hearing aids cost too much for a piece of plastic and a couple of speakers.
Hearing aids draw more current from batteries than wristwatches do.
Hearing aids enable a person with a hearing loss to hear normally.
Hearing aids enhance the ability to hear for most individuals who exhibit difficulty hearing.
Hearing aids fill the gap created by a hearing loss by receiving and amplifying sound.
Hearing aids help many people with hearing loss.
Hearing aids improve the quality of life.
Hearing aids make sounds louder and deliver the amplified sounds to the ear.
Hearing aids offer little help.
Hearing aids offer only limited help in decoding the distorted message.
Hearing aids offer only limited help.
Hearing aids play a major role in improving hearing sensitivity for individuals with presbycusis.
Hearing aids provide amplification of sound that is very helpful.
Hearing aids provide important benefits Hearing aids are remarkable devices.
Hearing aids remain the usual treatment of patients with sensorineural hearing loss.
Hearing aids require maintenance to function properly.
Hearing aids require special batteries.
Hearing aids require special care.
Hearing aids take getting used to.
Hearing aids take some getting used to.
Hearing aids tend to over-amplify background noise.
Hearing aids vary widely in their styles, sizes, and levels of circuit thecnology.
Hearing aids work basically the same as any amplifier - they simply make the sounds louder.
All hearing aids are custom fitted.
All hearing aids are very expensive.
All hearing aids come with at least a one year loss and damage repair warranty.
All hearing aids function the same, however.
All hearing aids have a one-year warranty that covers loss and damage, remake and repair.
All hearing aids have batteries.
All hearing aids receive their power from a battery.
All hearing aids require a battery to supply power to the system.
All hearing aids stimulate tiny bones in the middle ear.
Many hearing aids are insured for the first year or two, so check.
Many hearing aids have the ability to be modified for direct auditory input.
Many hearing aids have trial periods.
Most hearing aids have an adjustable volume control and are powered by small, replaceable batteries.
Most hearing aids make everything louder.
Some hearing aids are simple instruments which do a straight forward job of amplification.
Some hearing aids can function as receivers.
Some hearing aids have larger volume control wheels to make handling easier.
Some hearing aids have many different programs.
Some hearing aids have more than one group of settings.
Some hearing aids have volume controls and other controls, which can be used for adjustments.
Hearing loss is communication disorder.
Hearing loss is disability
Hearing loss is diseases.
Most hearing loss begins with high pitched sounds.
Most hearing loss goes undetected and untreated.
Most hearing loss is sensorineural.
Most hearing loss is the result of an accumulation of noise-induced wear and tear.
Most hearing loss occurs in the adult population.
A hearing is a due process
Hearing are modality.
Hearing are opportunity.
Hearing are proceeding.
Hearing are sessions.
Hearing becomes a problem, and often a discharge appears from the ear.
Hearing becomes dull and even distorted.
Hearing becomes more acute and muscles contract.
Hearing can be both of the ear and the mind.
Hearing can return after some months in some, but others remain permanently deaf.
Hearing comes by the soul.
Hearing comes first, then seeing.
Hearing comes next, while seeing is the farthest away from actuality itself.
Hearing comes through the Mars Microphone.
Hearing continues today.
Hearing depends on a series of events that change sound waves in the air into electrical signals.
Hearing has a major impact on learning and speaking.
Hearing has at least two parts.
Hearing helps children learn about the world and communicate.
Hearing helps children learn to read, appreciate music and to receive warnings of approaching harm.
Hearing helps children with language, social, and emotional development.
Hearing improves at start of prednisone but diminishes as dose goes down.
Hearing improves dramatically in the first few months.
Hearing involves a set of intricate brain processes.
Hearing involves the detection of mechanical inputs, the vibrations produced by sound waves.
Hearing is a critical part of a child's development.
Hearing is a crucial sense in water, where vision is restricted.
Hearing is a physical process.
Hearing is a rabbit's most vital sense, hence the large upright ears.
Hearing is a reflection of first-century life.
Hearing is a sense that is often taken for granted.
Hearing is acute by three or four weeks and kittens learn to determine what sounds mean.
Hearing is acute for noise.
Hearing is acute in some owls for prey locating.
Hearing is acute, sight excellent, but the acuteness of the sense of smell is questionable.
Hearing is acute.
Hearing is affected to a varying extent.
Hearing is all about the vibrations of sound as they hit our ears.
Hearing is all about vibration.
Hearing is also a great gift.
Hearing is also present at birth and responses to loud sounds have been recorded in the womb.
Hearing is also well developed but is used primarily for detecting predators.
Hearing is an art.
Hearing is an important sense for most animals.
Hearing is Believing .
Hearing is Believing.
Hearing is better in the low and high frequencies than in the middle frequencies.
Hearing is better in the low frequencies than in the high frequencies.
Hearing is better than man.
Hearing is birds' second most important sense and their ears are funnel-shaped to focus sound.
Hearing is both physical and spiritual.
Hearing is closed.
Hearing is concluded.
Hearing is conducted.
Hearing is connected with space.
Hearing is damaged permanently and can even become worse.
Hearing is defined as the neural perception of sound energy.
Hearing is designed to be fair to all parties involved.
Hearing is excellent, and the sense of smell is well-developed.
Hearing is excellent.
Hearing is extinguished.
Hearing is extraordinarily acute, as is eyesight - even in daylight.
Hearing is fair.
Hearing is first.
Hearing is good with well developed ear flaps.
Hearing is good.
Hearing is held.
Hearing is highly developed and important to their survival.
Hearing is huge.
Hearing is impaired in up to one half of all elderly persons.
Hearing is impaired.
Hearing is important to most birds.
Hearing is intact.
Hearing is measured in decibels, which is the degree of loudness required to hear the sound.
Hearing is measured in units called decibels.
Hearing is more internal than sight.
Hearing is naturally complex and stimulation varies when the fetus changes positions in the uterus.
Hearing is normal as well.
Hearing is opened.
Hearing is our fifth and last sense.
Hearing is passive.
Hearing is restored in some children who experience hearing problems.
Hearing is scheduled.
Hearing is somewhat limited.
Hearing is superb and the large ears swivel to detect sounds.
Hearing is tested shortly after birth and regularly thereafter.
Hearing is tested using earphones or loudspeakers which send sounds to the ear.
Hearing is the act of perceiving audible sounds with the ear and is a passive act.
Hearing is the act of perceiving sound.
Hearing is the area that the devil usually attacks first.
Hearing is the detection of sound.
Hearing is the experience of what presents itself through the ears, of sound.
Hearing is the first effected.
Hearing is the first issue.
Hearing is the first sense to develop completely in babies.
Hearing is the first stage of listening.
Hearing is the first step to listening.
Hearing is the key.
Hearing is the mechanical, physiological, non-selective process of receiving sound waves by the ear.
Hearing is the most important sense to many marine mammals.
Hearing is the only sense dulled, though.
Hearing is the perception of certain vibrations of bodies which give rise to sound waves.
Hearing is the physical process whereas listening is the mental process.
Hearing is the sense of sound that comes into our ears.
Hearing is their preferred mode of information gathering.
Hearing is thought to be the last of the senses to fade.
Hearing is to be an energetic activity, untainted by disinterest or indifference.
Hearing is unaffected.
Hearing is useful because there is no motor noise to drown out what the tires are doing.
Hearing is usually muffled and in severe cases can be affected permanently.
Hearing is usually muffled, and in severe cases, can be affected permanently.
Hearing is usually somewhat compromised during an ear infection.
Hearing is vibratory, surrounding, surrounded by.
Hearing is vital to language development.
Hearing is vitally important to the development of oral language skills.
Hearing is well developed and moles twitter and squeal while they feed or fight.
Hearing makes our lives easier.
Hearing means the presentation and consideration of argument and evidence.
Hearing plays an important role in social and emotional development.
Hearing relies on a chain of events all working together.
Hearing represents the primary sense organ - hearing happens involuntarily.
Hearing requires appearance.
Hearing requires functioning ears.
Hearing requires neural processing that sorts and integrates the rich fabric of natural stimuli.
Hearing rhymes increases a child's awareness of the sounds that make words similar.
Hearing seems clearly related to time-based patterns.
Hearing seems to be the keenest sense in hedgehogs.
Hearing seems to be their best developed sense.
Hearing sounds in words is the best predictor of problems learning early reading skills.
Hearing starts with the outer ear.
Hearing takes more discipline.
Hearing takes place in our brain.
Hearings are a formal procedure.
Hearings are a good source for expert testimony.
Hearings are a presentation of information on a bill or on a specific issue.
Hearings are administrative and often involve unrepresented parties on one or both sides.
Hearings are also important for the public record of governance.
Hearings are an early step in the legislative process.
Hearings are available only on or before the hearing date on the notice of violation.
Hearings are closed and appropriate confidentiality is preserved.
Hearings are closed and appropriate confidentiality is upheld.
Hearings are closed to the public.
Hearings are closed unless an open hearing is requested by the student.
Hearings are closed.
Hearings are conducted after discovery and dispositive motion practice is completed.
Hearings are costly in many ways.
Hearings are easier to schedule and can even be held over the phone.
Hearings are formal events.
Hearings are free and open to the public.
Hearings are generally informal usually held in chambers.
Hearings are generally less important than committee reports.
Hearings are generally open to the public.
Hearings are informal and confidential.
Hearings are informal.
Hearings are less formal than a normal court and people use fairly straightforward language.
Hearings are less formal.
Hearings are likely next year.
Hearings are likely to be held in both chambers over the next few months.
Hearings are likely to be held next month.
Hearings are mandatory for most large agencies and voluntary for many small agencies.
Hearings are more difficult than at the entry level.
Hearings are normally open to the public.
Hearings are now under way on a new farm bill.
Hearings are on the second floor in the library.
Hearings are on the third floor.
Hearings are only on audio tape.
Hearings are open for the general public to observe.
Hearings are open to the general public.
Hearings are open to the public and are conducted in a fair and impartial manner.
Hearings are open to the public and are tape recorded.
Hearings are open to the public and procedures are formal.
Hearings are open to the public unless the administrative law judge orders otherwise.
Hearings are open to the public, and can be very enlightening.
Hearings are open to the public.
Hearings are part of the investigative process and are thus closed to the public.
Hearings are partial full-text.
Hearings are pending but there is no resolution yet.
Hearings are private and confidential and usually held in the privacy of the arbitration office.
Hearings are relatively formal proceedings.
Hearings are somewhat informal within the parameters of fair procedure.
Hearings are tape recorded and the recording is part of the record of the case.
Hearings are testimony given on a particular bill or issue before a committee.
Hearings are to be conducted by an impartial hearing officer.
Hearings are to begin next week.
Hearings are underway or scheduled to begin soon in many other states.
Hearings are underway.
Hearings are usually informal and most last a half-day or less.
Hearings are usually non-adversarial and handled via telephone.
Hearings are vital.
Hearings are where the Senators find out information about the bill.
Hearings arise from violations or controversies over interpretations of their regulations.
Hearings begin next month.
Hearings begin next week in Washington, D.C., for the builders of the new farm bill.
Hearings can be adversary in nature with both parties represented by legal counsel.
Hearings can be an important part of the legislative process.
Hearings can be relatively informal.
Hearings can offer an important forum for making the public case against privatization.
Hearings can provide publicity and public exposure.
Hearings can spur new laws, but also expose corruption and illegality.
Hearings can take from a few hours to several days.
Hearings conducted by the board are quasi-judicial proceedings.
Hearings continue tomorrow.
Hearings dates and trials are subject to change without notice.
Hearings follow a standard agenda designed to encourage orderly discussion.
Hearings follow certain rules which allow all parties to present and build a case.
Hearings follow standard procedures designed to encourage orderly discussion.
Hearings generally follow a standard sequence of events, as described below .
Hearings generally follow a standard sequence of events, as described below.
Hearings generally last about three hours.
Hearings generally last no more than one day.
Hearings have yet to be scheduled.
Hearings investigate why the company's CPAs failed to discover the massive fraud.
Hearings involve far more witnesses and oral argument.
Hearings involve testimony and cross-examination of each witness.
Hearings occur in some regional areas.
Hearings related to special investigations bring forth a variety of witnesses.
Hearings require a quorum of three members.
Hearings resemble trials in that they ordinarily are held publicly and involve opposing parties.
Hearings take place in a conference room which is conducive to the private nature of the matter.
Hearings typically last two or three hours.
Hearings typically occur on weekdays during the early evening hours.
Hearings usually last four to eight hours.
Hearings usually last half an hour and are informal in nature.
Hearings usually last two to four hours and are conducted during normal business hours.
Hearings usually last two to six hours.
Hearings usually take place on campus in the evenings.
All hearing is is the ability to feel vibrations.
All hearings are closed to the public and are confidential.
All hearings are closed to the public.
All hearings are closed unless the student involved requests an open hearing.
All hearings are closed.
All hearings are confidential unless all participants agree to a public hearing.
All hearings are in open court unless the matter involves state secrets or personal privacy.
All hearings are now available in print.
All hearings are open to public.
All hearings are open to the public.
All hearings are public and the press and members of the public are welcome to attend.
All hearings are tape-recorded by the referee.
All hearings are tape-recorded.
All hearings are to be closed to the public.
All hearings are to be recorded on tape.
All hearings involving advisory opinions are open public hearings.
Every hearing allows a bit more understanding of a movement, both pattern and invention.
Every Hearing involves three panel members and one of the chairs the proceedings.
Most hearings are individual hearings.
Most hearings are informal meetings between the taxpayer and an appraisal district representative.
Most hearings are informal.
Most hearings are on microfiche.
Most hearings are open to the public.
Most hearings deal with the market value of property.
Most hearings start out with a written request to the agency that made the original decision.
Most hearings take place within twelve months of the answer.
Some hearings are available online as well.
Some hearings occur in administrative settings as opposed to the courtroom.
Hearsay evidence carries less weight than direct sworn testimony.
Hearsay evidence is acceptable, as it is so difficult to persuade witnesses to appear.
Hearsay evidence is acceptable.
Hearsay evidence is admissible at the hearing.
Hearsay evidence is admissible in safety proceedings.
Hearsay evidence is admissible only if corroborated.
Hearsay evidence is admissible.
Hearsay evidence is admitted only in specified cases from necessity.
Hearsay evidence is always suspect.
Hearsay evidence is evidence
Hearsay evidence is evidence.
Hearsay evidence is fine in adjudication.
Hearsay evidence is indirect evidence.
Hearsay evidence is often relevant.
Hearsay evidence is testimony in court .
Hearsay evidence is usually inadmissible in court.
A hearsay rule is rule of evidence
Hearsay rules are inherently complex.
Hearsay testimony is thrown out.
Hearsay testimony is, however, customarily received in such examinations.
Hearsay can include letters or affidavits of any witnesses.
Hearsay forms the foundation of customer expectations.
Hearsay grows weaker rapidly with each person involved.
Hearsay includes non-verbal conduct if intended as a substitute for verbal expression.
Hearsay is a key example of the kind of evidence which is excluded by the existing laws.
Hearsay is a statement made otherwise than by a person giving oral evidence in legal proceedings.
Hearsay is a student run literary journal, produced and typeset by the Hearsay staff.
Hearsay is a very tricky subject.
Hearsay is admissible however.
Hearsay is admissible in administrative hearings.
Hearsay is admissible.
Hearsay is all they've heard.
Hearsay is an out of court statement that is being introduced to prove an element of a case.
Hearsay is any second-hand information.
Hearsay is evidence that is based on what another person has told a witness.
Hearsay is generally inadmissible at trial.
Hearsay is generally inadmissible.
Hearsay is gossip
Hearsay is half lies.
Hearsay is inadmissible as evidence, with a few well- established exceptions.
Hearsay is inadmissible as substantive evidence except as the rules of evidence otherwise provide.
Hearsay is inadmissible unless within one of the hearsay exceptions.
Hearsay is no good footing.
Hearsay is pure gossip.
Hearsay is something that someone else has been heard to say.
Hearsay is taken for gospel.
Hearsay is treated as evidence.
Hearsay suggests that considerable pressure is sometimes brought to bear.
More hearsay is the story of black people being incorrectly turned away as convicted felons.
Some hearsay is admissible as evidence.
A hearse is a container
A hearse is a vehicle
Hearses are usually black or gray .
Hearses are usually black or gray.
Hearses always park for free.
Hearst representatives fill four of the eight seats on the board.
Heart arrhythmias are irregularities of the heartbeat.
Heart arrhythmias can contribute to such clotting, as can heart attacks.
Heart attack patients have abnormalities.
Heart attack patients have blood sugar abnormalities.
Heart attack survivors eat diets.
A heart attack is an attack
Heart attack can strike anyone, anywhere.
Heart attack is a great transformer aud a great reality check.
Heart attack is a major cause of death during and after winter storms.
Heart attack is a metabolic disorder.
Heart attack is a public health problem that can be corrected.
Heart attack is also the major cause of death among stroke survivors.
Heart attack is also the major cause of death among survivors of stroke.
Heart attack is just as likely to happen in the early evening .
Heart attack is one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Heart attack is one of the most common critical medical emergencies to occur at sea.
Heart attack is secondary to block in the blood supply.
Heart attack is the leading cause of death among American women.
Heart attack is the leading cause of death among women in New York.
Heart attack is the leading cause of death in America.
Heart attack is the leading killer of American men and women.
Heart attack is the major cause of death among stroke survivors.
Heart attack is the most leading and most serious heart ailment in all living organisms.
Heart attack is the most serious of all human ailments.
Heart attack is the number one cause of death among women.
Heart attack is the single largest killer of American males and females.
Heart attack is the single largest killer of American men and women, and education is critical.
Heart attack is the single leading cause of death in America.
Heart attack means the heart has stopped pumping blood.
Heart attack requires immediate attention.
Heart attack See myocardial infarction.
Heart attack takes out more fire fighters than anything else does.
Heart attacks are a major cause of death and disability in all western countries.
Heart attacks are a major cause of death during and after winter storms.
Heart attacks are a major risk for smokers.
Heart attacks are a potential risk if the free-flowing debris flows into a downstream vessel.
Heart attacks are also a major cause of death among stroke survivors.
Heart attacks are also expensive.
Heart attacks are always on peoples minds.
Heart attacks are attacks.
Heart attacks are by far the leading cause of death in women as well as in men.
Heart attacks are cessation of blood to a part of the heart.
Heart attacks are classified as a medical emergency all over the world.
Heart attacks are classified depending on which heart wall they attack.
Heart attacks are exceedingly common.
Heart attacks are five times more likely to be fatal for a person who is depressed.
Heart attacks are frightening for both the victim and for the victim's companions.
Heart attacks are genetics more than anything else.
Heart attacks are heart failure.
Heart attacks are horrible.
Heart attacks are least common at night.
Heart attacks are medical conditions.
Heart attacks are more likely to occur at a younger age in men than in women.
Heart attacks are most frequent at the end of a stressful day.
Heart attacks are number one and cancer is number two in cause of death with all ages averaged.
Heart attacks are one of our most common brushes with death.
Heart attacks are one of the leading causes of firefighter deaths.
Heart attacks are one of the most common illnesses that affect women and men of all age groups.
Heart attacks are still a major threat in the elderly population.
Heart attacks are the leading cause of death for smokers.
Heart attacks are the leading cause of death in the United States.
Heart attacks are the leading cause of death in the western world.
Heart attacks are the leading cause of death overall in females.
Heart attacks are the main way in which smoking kills young tobacco users.
Heart attacks are the most common cause of death in all developed countries.
Heart attacks are the number one cause of death in the United States.
Heart attacks are the number one killer of women today.
Heart attacks are the number one killers of men and women in the United States.
Heart attacks are the result of cumulative risk factors.
Heart attacks are triggered by the development of clots in blood vessels that lead to the heart.
Heart attacks are.
Heart attacks can cause damage to the heart muscle that later can lead to heart failure.
Heart attacks can come on without warning but often there are warning signs even years ahead.
Heart attacks can damage the muscle and cut that percentage.
Heart attacks can happen at any time.
Heart attacks can mimic neck pains that pinch nerves going into the left arm.
Heart attacks can occur rapidly and without any warning.
Heart attacks can occur.
Heart attacks can strike at any time of day, during any type of activity.
Heart attacks cause dying.
Heart attacks cause some tissue death within four minutes and brain death within eight minutes.
Heart attacks claim almost half a million American lives every year.
Heart attacks claim millions of lives each year. . .
Heart attacks come in all shapes and sizes.
Heart attacks come in all sizes from small silent to big loud and goodbye.
Heart attacks come in different sizes and shapes.
Heart attacks continue to be the leading cause of fatal on-duty injury to U.S. firefighters.
Heart attacks damage the heart muscle, often with deadly results.
Heart attacks differ widely in severity.
Heart attacks do the same thing.
Heart attacks don t discriminate by gender.
Heart attacks give early warning signs.
Heart attacks happen all too frequently.
Heart attacks happen when an artery feeding blood to the muscle is blocked and starves it of oxygen.
Heart attacks happen when vessels in the heart become blocked.
Heart attacks kill heart muscle by cutting off the blood supply to the muscle.
Heart attacks kill heart muscle.
Heart attacks kill more women than breast cancer.
Heart attacks kill more women than men in the later years of life.
Heart attacks lurk around that corner too.
Heart attacks occur most often around five in the morning.
Heart attacks occur when a clot suddenly blocks part of the heart's own blood supply.
Heart attacks occur when blood flow to the heart muscle is interrupted.
Heart attacks occur when clots block heart arteries.
Heart attacks occur when pieces of plaque break off and clog an artery.
Heart attacks occur when the blood flow to a part of the heart is blocked, often by a blood clot.
Heart attacks occur when the heart is deprived of blood.
Heart attacks occur when there is a blood clot in thecoronary artery.
Heart attacks occur.
Heart attacks remain the number one killer of the adult population since the turn of the century .
Heart attacks require immediate hospital treatment.
Heart attacks result from blood vessel disease in the heart.
Heart attacks result from heart disease, which is caused by blood vessel disease in the heart.
Heart attacks result when coronary arteries are obstructed by atherosclerosis.
Heart attacks seem to run in the family.
Heart attacks strike one in three people.
Heart attacks strike when fatty deposits build up in the arteries.
Heart attacks vary in symptoms and degree of immediate danger.
Every heart attack is individual.
Many heart attacks are intermediate, and various degrees of complications are noted.
More heart attacks occur at airports than during flight.
Most heart attacks are the first and last warning a person gets.
Most heart attacks happen when one of the arteries feeding the heart with blood becomes blocked.
Most heart attacks involve blood clots that block the flow of blood through a coronary artery.
Most heart attacks involve discomfort in the center of the chest.
Most heart attacks take place in the early morning.
Some heart attacks result in death.
A heart block is arrhythmia
Heart block can occur, as well as inflammation of the heart muscle.
Heart block causes no risk to others.
Heart block is a disorder of the heartbeat.
Heart block is an indicator of the disease process.
Heart block is another condition that effects the rhythm of the heart.
Heart block is described as first, second, or third degree.
Heart block is like a fault in one of the wires, which interrupts the passage of the nerve signal.
Heart blocks are cardiac arrhythmia.
Heart blocks are heart diseases.
Some heart blocks require no treatment.
Heart bypasses are heavily invasive and risky to the patient.
Heart catheterization is often an outpatient procedure.
Heart catheterization is performed under local anesthesia.
Heart conditions are the most common physical symptoms.
Heart conditions have causes.
Heart conditions have few different causes.
Most heart conditions have few different causes.
Some heart conditions cause death.
Some heart conditions cause sudden death.
Heart defects appear to be very dependent on the specific genes involved in the deletion.
Heart defects are common and the babies are floppy, with little muscle tone.
Heart defects are often present as well.
Heart defects are serious problems.
Heart defects are the leading cause of birth defect related deaths.
Heart defects are the most common birth defect.
Heart defects begin in the early part of pregnancy when the heart is forming.
Heart defects come in all types, from minor to major.
A heart disease is a cardiovascular disease
Heart disease accounts for more than half of the deaths due to smoking.
Heart disease accounts for more women s deaths than cancer, diabetes and accidents combined.
Heart disease accounts for one-third of all deaths in women with lupus.
Heart disease affects men, women, and children of all ages.
Heart disease affects the heart muscle.
Heart disease can affect anyone.
Heart disease can be deadly for men and women, especially women.
Heart disease can be hereditary.
Heart disease can be in an advanced stage before symptoms even arise.
Heart disease can be silent, or it can have warning signs.
Heart disease can cause angina pectoris, a chest pain that can follow physical activity.
Heart disease can cause impotence.
Heart disease can develop in any breed of dog or cat.
Heart disease can increase the risk of stroke.
Heart disease can kill without warning.
Heart disease can lead to fear of exertion.
Heart disease can manifest as chest pain, tightness or discomfort.
Heart disease can mean big changes in lifestyle.
Heart disease can result from tissue build-up associated with carcinoid tumors.
Heart disease can strike suddenly.
Heart disease can take many forms and varies widely in severity.
Heart disease can turn the nail beds red.
Heart disease causes patients to become extremely tired and short of breath.
Heart disease claims more deaths in America than any other disease.
Heart disease claims more women s lives than any other disease.
Heart disease claims twice as many female lives as all cancers combined, including breast cancer.
Heart disease comes in many forms, some more common than others.
Heart disease continues to be the leading cause of death in Erie County.
Heart disease continues to be the leading cause of death in women and men.
Heart disease develops over many years.
Heart disease develops when there is a blockage preventing blood flow through the arteries.
Heart disease does have a relationship with levels of estrogens that decline after menopause.
Heart disease does seem to run in some families.
Heart disease effects one in three women.
Heart disease has no early on symptoms.
Heart disease has no geographic, gender or socio-economic boundaries.
Heart disease has the most significant impact on life span.
Heart disease includes diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Heart disease increases dramatically after menopause when menstrual periods stop.
Heart disease increases stroke risk six times above normal.
Heart disease increases the risk of coronary heart disease.
Heart disease increases the risk of stroke.
Heart disease is a companion problem.
Heart disease is a degenerative condition of aging aggravated by Western lifestyles.
Heart disease is a disease that people can do something about.
Heart disease is a disorder that affects the heart muscle or the blood vessels of the heart.
Heart disease is a form of early, or chronic, scurvy.
Heart disease is a good example of gender-based differences.
Heart disease is a good example.
Heart disease is a greater risk to many whose mobility is limited.
Heart disease is a growing medical problem.
Heart disease is a leading cause of death among U.S. men and women.
Heart disease is a leading cause of death for all people in the United States and Florida.
Heart disease is a major cause of death in Australia.
Heart disease is a major cause of death.
Heart disease is a major health problem and leading cause of death in America today.
Heart disease is a much bigger problem for older men than for older women.
Heart disease is a serious condition that requires close medical attention.
Heart disease is a serious condition.
Heart disease is a serious problem.
Heart disease is a serious risk for women, too.
Heart disease is a term used to refer to diseases of the heart and blood vessel system.
Heart disease is a trait that clearly has both environmental and genetic components.
Heart disease is a very common problem for much of the population.
Heart disease is a very serious disease, there are many forms of heart disease and all are deadly.
Heart disease is a wonderful example.
Heart disease is almost twice as likely to develop in inactive people.
Heart disease is also the leading cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease is America s number one killer.
Heart disease is America's number one killer, and stroke is the leading cause of disability.
Heart disease is America's number one killer, one in five.
Heart disease is America's number one killer.
Heart disease is America's number-one killer.
Heart disease is an added risk.
Heart disease is an epidemic in the United States.
Heart disease is an equal opportunity killer - affecting both sexes, every race, and all ages.
Heart disease is an equal opportunity killer affecting both sexes, every race, and all ages.
Heart disease is an equal opportunity killer.
Heart disease is an important risk factor for stroke.
Heart disease is an inevitable result of aging.
Heart disease is another possibility.
Heart disease is another topic of interest.
Heart disease is any disorder that affects the heart's ability to function normally.
Heart disease is at epidemic proportions in North America and much of the developed world.
Heart disease is because of excess.
Heart disease is Britain's biggest killer.
Heart disease is Britain's biggest overall killer of women.
Heart disease is by far the biggest killer in the United States and other industrialized countries.
Heart disease is caused by a variety of factors.
Heart disease is caused by narrowing of the coronary arteries that feed the heart.
Heart disease is caused when arteries to the heart become blocked or narrowed.
Heart disease is common among children with certain varieties of muscular dystrophy.
Heart disease is complex.
Heart disease is controllable.
Heart disease is currently the leading cause of death in America.
Heart disease is different.
Heart disease is essentially a disease of middle-aged men.
Heart disease is extremely rare in infants and children.
Heart disease is first.
Heart disease is five times more prevalent in diabetics.
Heart disease is generally lower in light to moderate drinkers.
Heart disease is greater among African-American men than white men.
Heart disease is heart disease.
Heart disease is in direct proportion to the concentration of cholesterol in the blood.
Heart disease is increased when there are high homocysteine levels in the blood.
Heart disease is incredibly frequent around here.
Heart disease is irreversible.
Heart disease is just one of the many applications of bioengineering.
Heart disease is linked to risk factors.
Heart disease is linked to the buildup of fatty deposits in blood vessel walls.
Heart disease is listed as America's number one killer.
Heart disease is merely the latest common affliction thought to be partly caused by the bacterium.
Heart disease is more common.
Heart disease is more deadly than all forms of cancer combined.
Heart disease is more likely in people with gum disease then people with healthy gums.
Heart disease is most common in the western world.
Heart disease is much less common among vegetarian men, with vegans having the lowest risk of all.
Heart disease is no longer the leading cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease is no respecter of class or status.
Heart disease is one of the costliest diseases to treat.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death and disability in western society.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of premature death in western societies.
Heart disease is one of the leading causes of the death in the United States.
Heart disease is one of the major complications of diabetes.
Heart disease is one of the most serious side effects of diabetes.
Heart disease is one of the number one killers in North America.
Heart disease is our nation s number one killer.
Heart disease is our number one health problem and cause of death.
Heart disease is our number one killer.
Heart disease is presumed to be job-related for pension purposes under state law.
Heart disease is preventable.
Heart disease is quite complex, and it takes years and years of studying it to get a clear picture.
Heart disease is rampant in America.
Heart disease is recognized as the number one epidemic in American people.
Heart disease is responsible for over half of the deaths in the Western World.
Heart disease is serious and demands a doctor's attention.
Heart disease is serious.
Heart disease is still our nations number one killer.
Heart disease is still the number one killer of both men and women in the United States.
Heart disease is still the number one killer of both men and women.
Heart disease is the biggest killer of both males and females in the United States.
Heart disease is the biggest killer of women.
Heart disease is the cause of approximately half the deaths in the United States each year.
Heart disease is the chief cause of death among American women of all ages.
Heart disease is the greatest killer of women in Israel.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among adults in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among American adults.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among American women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among both men and women in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among both men and women nationwide.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among nations with high consumption of animal products.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among Pennsylvania females.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among women in Pennsylvania and nationwide.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among women past menopause.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death among women who have gone through menopause.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death and disability among Canadian women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for adults worldwide, researchers note.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for both men and women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death for women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in America, followed by cancer and stroke.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in American women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in Arizona.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in both Texas and the nation.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in Michigan and is higher than the national average.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in Minnesota.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in people with diabetes.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in postmenopausal women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States and in many other countries.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States today.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in Virginia.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death in women and a major cause of ill health and disability.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death is post- menapausal women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death nationwide.
Heart disease is the leading cause of death of women in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of diabetes-related deaths.
Heart disease is the leading cause of hospitalization and death among mid-life and older women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of hospitalization and death among midlife and older women.
Heart disease is the leading cause of hospitalization and death in the county.
Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality worldwide.
Heart disease is the leading cause of permanent disability among working adults.
Heart disease is the leading killer of both men and women in the United States today.
Heart disease is the leading killer of mean AND women in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading killer of men and women in America.
Heart disease is the leading killer of men and women in the United States.
Heart disease is the leading killer of postmenopausal women.
Heart disease is the leading killer of the elderly.
Heart disease is the leading killer of women in America and other developed nations.
Heart disease is the leading killer of women.
Heart disease is the major cause of death among diabetics.
Heart disease is the major cause of death in the U.S., followed by cancer .
Heart disease is the major cause of death in Wales.
Heart disease is the major health problem facing women.
Heart disease is the most common cause of cardiac arrest.
Heart disease is the most common cause of death for people in the western hemisphere.
Heart disease is the most common medical cause of death in people with severe anorexia.
Heart disease is the nation s leading killer.
Heart disease is the nation's number one killer and stroke is number three.
Heart disease is the nation's number one killer, almost equal to all other diseases combined.
Heart disease is the nation's number one killer.
Heart disease is the nation's top killer, and it has been for decades.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death among men.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death among women in the United States.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death in adults.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death in America.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death in the U.S. for both men and women.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death in the U.S., affecting both men and women.
Heart disease is the number one cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease is the number one cause of mortality in women , killing more women than men each year.
Heart disease is the number one killer and it can be prevented.
Heart disease is the number one killer for men.
Heart disease is the number one killer for women in the U.S. and the leading cause for disability.
Heart disease is the number one killer in America.
Heart disease is the number one killer in our country.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the U.S., responsible for half the deaths.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States and a top contender in other countries.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States and several other industrial countries.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States and smoking accounts for much of it.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States today.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the United States.
Heart disease is the number one killer in the USA today.
Heart disease is the number one killer in today's society.
Heart disease is the number one killer of adults in Indiana.
Heart disease is the number one killer of American men and women.
Heart disease is the number one killer of American men.
Heart disease is the number one killer of American women as well as Kentucky women.
Heart disease is the number one killer of American women.
Heart disease is the number one killer of men and women in America.
Heart disease is the number one killer of men and women in the United States.
Heart disease is the number one killer of men and women.
Heart disease is the number one killer of women in America.
Heart disease is the number one killer of women in the U.S., more than all cancers combined.
Heart disease is the number one killer of women in the United States.
Heart disease is the number one killer of women.
Heart disease is the number two killer in France, while it remains number one in America.
Heart disease is the number-one killer in the United States.
Heart disease is the number-one killer of both men and women.
Heart disease is the number-one killer of women in North America.
Heart disease is the number-one killer of women.
Heart disease is the one exception.
Heart disease is the other leading cause of early death among women.
Heart disease is the second leading cause of death for all people in the United States.
Heart disease is the single biggest killer in the United States and many industrialized countries.
Heart disease is the single leading cause of death in America.
Heart disease is the top killer in the United States, responsible for about half of all deaths.
Heart disease is three times more common amongst smokers.
Heart disease is too complex and variable to be conquered by a single toasted oatmeal square.
Heart disease is two to four times more common among people with diabetes.
Heart disease is typically, and wrongly, though of as mostly a disease among men.
Heart disease is used to describe disease, which affects the body's blood circulation.
Heart disease is very common in the United States.
Heart disease is very common.
Heart disease is very treatable at virtually every stage.
Heart disease is, by far, the biggest killer.
Heart disease kills far more women than breast cancer.
Heart disease kills half of the people with diabetes who die each year.
Heart disease kills many more women than female cancers.
Heart disease kills more American and Canadian women every year than all cancers combined.
Heart disease kills more American women than does any other disease.
Heart disease kills more people every year than lung cancer.
Heart disease kills more than five times as many women as breast and ovarian cancers combined.
Heart disease kills more women annually than men.
Heart disease kills more women each year than cancer, accidents, and diabetes combined.
Heart disease kills more women in South Dakota each year than any other cause.
Heart disease kills more women than all cancers combined.
Heart disease kills more women then men.
Heart disease kills twice as many women as all forms of cancer combined.
Heart disease kills twice as many women as all types of cancer combined.
Heart disease means a problem with the heart.
Heart disease needs to be treated by a physician.
Heart disease occurs with increased frequency in association with certain risk factors.
Heart disease presents a similar picture.
Heart disease ranks as the number one cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease remains the greatest killer of African American women.
Heart disease remains the leading cause of death among U.S. men and women.
Heart disease remains the leading cause of death for men.
Heart disease remains the nation's leading killer.
Heart disease remains the number one cause of death for men and for women in the United States.
Heart disease remains the number one cause of death in the United States.
Heart disease remains the number one killer in the United States.
Heart disease remains the number one killer of both men and women in United States.
Heart disease rises in young people.
Heart disease runs in the family.
Heart disease tends to occur earlier and be more severe in people with diabetes.
Heart disease tends to run in families with a history of it.
Heart disease tends to run in families.
Heart diseases are cardiovascular diseases.
Heart diseases are illnesses.
Heart diseases are the most preventable cause of death in the United States.
Heart diseases have no geographical, gender or socioeconomic boundaries.
Heart diseases remain a major cause of early death in the Western population, including Canada.
Most heart disease arises from atherosclerosis.
Most heart disease is acquired .
Most heart disease is acquired.
Most heart disease is caused by blockages in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
Most heart disease is due to blockages in the arteries that supply blood to the heart muscle.
Some heart disease is mild and some is severe.
Heart drugs fight stroke.
Heart failure affects about five million people in the United States.
Heart failure alters the strength and mechanisms of the muscle metaboreflex.
Heart failure becomes more common as people age.
Heart failure can be chronic, rapidly deteriorating, or anything in between.
Heart failure can be mild to severe.
Heart failure can be the result.
Heart failure Can cause fatigue, ankle swelling and shortness of breath made worse when lying down.
Heart failure can have many symptoms.
Heart failure can intensify in a descending spiral if the blood volume progressively expands.
Heart failure can involve the left side of the heart, the right side or both.
Heart failure can involve the left side of the heart, the right side, or both sides.
Heart failure can occur in several ways.
Heart failure caused by underlying lung disease is called cor pulmonale.
Heart failure changes activation patterns during ventricular fibrillation.
Heart failure costs the Australian health system hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
Heart failure develops after myocardial infarction because cardiomyocytes fail to regenerate.
Heart failure develops slowly.
Heart failure develops.
Heart failure differs from a heart attack.
Heart failure disables one out of five survivors.
Heart failure happens when the heart is unable to pump enough blood to meet the demands of the body.
Heart failure happens when the weakened heart can no longer pump a sufficient amount of blood.
Heart failure has a large medical and economic impact on the elderly.
Heart failure has many causes.
Heart failure has many different causes.
Heart failure is a chronic condition.
Heart failure is a common and serious illness in the United States, particularly in older adults.
Heart failure is a common cause.
Heart failure is a common chronic disease that leads to disability and death.
Heart failure is a common problem and has high mortality, especially in elderly patients.
Heart failure is a complex multisystem disease in which several predictors are categorical.
Heart failure is a complex problem, best treated by a team of experienced professionals.
Heart failure is a condition that occurs because the heart muscle is damaged or overworked.
Heart failure is a difficult disease to treat.
Heart failure is a disease of epidemic proportions.
Heart failure is a disease that is more common in the elderly.
Heart failure is a heart disease
Heart failure is a medical condition in which the heart has been weakened.
Heart failure is a misleading term.
Heart failure is a progressive process, even if no new damage occurs to the heart.
Heart failure is a serious condition, and there is usually no cure.
Heart failure is a serious disorder that carries a possibility of reduced life expectancy.
Heart failure is a serious, chronic disease.
Heart failure is a treatable illness that can be managed.
Heart failure is a widespread, growing condition that robs people of quality and quantity of life.
Heart failure is almost always a chronic illness.
Heart failure is an inability of the heart to pump blood or meet the needs of the body.
Heart failure is an inability of the heart to pump powerfully enough to circulate blood adequately.
Heart failure is an increasing problem.
Heart failure is believed to have been the cause.
Heart failure is caused by a number of diseases.
Heart failure is common.
Heart failure is different from a heart attack.
Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest , because the heart is still working .
Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest, because the heart is still working.
Heart failure is different than a heart attack.
Heart failure is diseases.
Heart failure is divided into various types.
Heart failure is failure
Heart failure is failure.
Heart failure is generally the result of other heart diseases.
Heart failure is heart diseases.
Heart failure is increasingly common and is costly to treat.
Heart failure is likely to touch more of our lives in the years to come.
Heart failure is more common in older people.
Heart failure is no joke.
Heart failure is one of the most serious symptoms of heart disease.
Heart failure is scary.
Heart failure is serious, but it can be treated and controlled.
Heart failure is slightly more common among men than women.
Heart failure is sometimes the fault of a defective or diseased heart valve.
Heart failure is supposed to have been the cause.
Heart failure is the cause of death in most cases of hypothermia.
Heart failure is the hearts inability to pump enough blood through the rest of the body.
Heart failure is the inability of the heart to pump adequate amounts of blood through the body.
Heart failure is the leading cause of hospitalization among the elderly in the United States.
Heart failure is the most common reason for hospitalization in the elderly.
Heart failure is the number one cardiovascular disease.
Heart failure is the number one cause of death worldwide.
Heart failure is the only form of heart disease on the increase in the United States.
Heart failure is the only major cardiovascular disease on the increase.
Heart failure is the single biggest medical problem that blacks face.
Heart failure is the supposed cause.
Heart failure is their number one cause of death.
Heart failure is treated with diuretics and medications to make the heart contract more powerfully.
Heart failure is typified by the heart's inability to pump effectively.
Heart failure is very common in the elderly.
Heart failure needs ongoing supervision.
Heart failure occurs under a number of circumstances.
Heart failure occurs when the heart cannon pump enough blood to meet the body's needs.
Heart failure occurs when the heart fails to pump enough blood to meet the body's demands.
Heart failure occurs when the heart loses the ability to pump blood efficiently through the body.
Heart failure occurs when the heart muscle is damaged or overworked.
Heart failure occurs when the heart pumps too weakly to deliver enough oxygen to the body.
Heart failure occurs when the hearts pumping power is reduced.
Heart failure progresses.
Heart failure refers to the heart's inability to pump enough blood to meet the demands of the body.
Heart failure remains a serious threat to public health throughout the world.
Heart failure remains the major cause of death and research is needed into novel drug approaches.
Heart failure requires monitoring of the condition by the health care provider.
Heart failure sets in.
Heart failure tends to be chronic and difficult to treat.
Heart failure worsens with infection or other physical stressors.
Heart Lake is stocked with westslope cutthroat trout and brook trout.
A heart monitor is a monitor
Heart monitors give instant and accurate readings.
Heart murmur is a symptom
Heart murmur is illnesses.
Heart murmur is signs.
Heart murmur is symptoms.
Heart murmurs are abnormal heart sounds which can be either pathological or benign.
Heart murmurs are abnormal sounds heard through the stethoscope.
Heart murmurs are abnormal, extra sounds that are of a relatively long duration.
Heart murmurs are also very common in infants.
Heart murmurs are common and most frequently associated with ventricular septal defects.
Heart murmurs are common in children and can also result from heart or valve defects.
Heart murmurs are extra noises heard with each heartbeat.
Heart murmurs are fickle.
Heart murmurs are heart sounds associated with the beating of the heart.
Heart murmurs are very common in healthy children with normal hearts.
Heart murmurs can be diastolic or systolic.
Heart murmurs can cease.
Heart murmurs can occur in the absence of disease in the growing young dog.
Heart murmurs occur a result of turbulent blood flow.
Heart murmurs vary widely in their importance.
Most heart murmurs are harmless and require no medical care.
Most heart murmurs are harmless, and require no medical care.
A heart muscle is a muscle
Heart muscle can even die if blood flow stops .
Heart muscle can even die if blood flow stops.
Heart muscle is both consumer and provider of energy.
Heart muscle is very special.
Heart muscle respires anaerobically for just a short time, under conditions of ischemia.
Heart muscle shows fibrosis of the conducting system, myocyte hypertrophy and fatty infiltration.
Heart muscles are controlled by the sinus node influenced by the autonomic nervous system .
Heart muscles are part of hearts.
Most heart muscles are part of hearts.
Heart of Dragon is a victim of the same thing.
Heart of oak are our ships, Heart of oak are our men.
Heart of palm is fried in lumpia .
Hearts of palm are slender, ivory-colored, delicately flavored and expensive.
Hearts of stone can never bleed for broken hearts of flesh.
Heart operations are expensive, and can even be life threatening.
Heart pain can radiate to the jaw and teeth.
Heart pain comes from caring about someone or something.
Heart pains come on slowly, gradually increase then gradually subside.
Heart palpitations are often minor and self-correcting.
Most heart palpitations are infrequent and only last a few seconds.
Heart patients lose weight.
Heart patients pay attention.
Heart pine is a durable wood and was used in the original construction of the tavern buildings.
Heart pine is cut from antique timbers.
Heart problem is fixed.
Heart problems are another common problem among prematurely born babies.
Heart problems are exacerbated by pregnancy.
Heart problems are more challenging.
Heart problems are more likely, too, along with higher blood pressure.
Heart problems are nothing to be trifled with.
Heart problems are often present.
Heart problems can arise, however, usually as secondary complications due to granulomas in the lung.
Heart problems can come from pressure in the upper thoracics.
Heart problems can occur because of fear and stress.
Heart problems result from reduced strength of the heart muscle caused by longterm alcohol abuse.
Heart problems run in families.
Heart problems run on both sides of the family.
Heart problems take on a variety of forms and evolve over time.
Heart problems vary widely in their nature and severity.
Heart problems vary.
Many heart problems have to do with too little oxygen getting there.
Most heart problems are exacerbated by pregnancy.
Most heart problems run in families.
Some heart problems are actually due to heart worms.
Some heart problems cause breathing distress only when one is lying down or sleeping.
Some heart problems cause breathing problems only when one is lying down or sleeping.
Some heart problems correct themselves as the baby grows.
Some heart problems have to be fixed as soon as the baby is born.
A heart rate is a rate
A heart rate is a vital sign
Heart rate can be a reliable indicator as to the overall health and fitness of the body.
Heart rate can be a useful tool in individualizing and optimizing exercise regimens.
Heart rate can increase or decrease.
Heart rate continues to rise slowly thereafter.
Heart Rate Includes a detailed description of the unit.
Heart rate is a quantitative measure of heart's work.
Heart rate is a term used to describe the frequency of the cardiac cycle.
Heart rate is affected by even the most minor emotional distress.
Heart rate is an excellent indication of the status of the horse.
Heart rate is an excellent indicator of work performed by the body.
Heart rate is an interesting topic.
Heart rate is back up.
Heart rate is captured using the optional heart rate monitor.
Heart rate is comparable.
Heart rate is determined by how hard the skeletal muscles contract.
Heart rate is evaluated by stethoscope.
Heart rate is increased, as are blood volume and blood pressure.
Heart rate is increased.
Heart rate is less at any given work rate.
Heart rate is measured in beats per minute.
Heart rate is measured through a sensor on a clip attached to the rider's earlobe.
Heart Rate is monitored next.
Heart rate is monitored throughout.
Heart rate is monitored via telemetry.
Heart rate is nothing more than the number of times the heart contracts per minute.
Heart rate is only a loose relative guide to recovery at altitude.
Heart rate is recorded as a precaution.
Heart rate is reduced, vasodilation occurs, and blood pressure falls.
Heart rate is standard and in some of the treadmills interactive.
Heart rate is standard, and in some of the treadmills, interactive.
Heart rate is taken but there is no minimum requirement and no score is attached.
Heart rate is to be determined with the heart rate monitor.
Heart rate is unchanged by halothane.
Heart rate modulates the slow enhancement of contraction due to sudden left ventricular dilation.
Heart rate reduces.
Heart rate remains elevated anywhere from five to ten times longer than the other factors.
Heart rate remains high, and the sugar balance in the blood is inappropriate.
Heart rate remains relatively constant without significant bradycardia.
Heart rate remains unchanged.
Heart rate slows, arrhythmias result.
Heart rate slows.
Heart rate starts to drop, sounds of the chopper drift off into nothingness.
Heart rate trained athletes know that if the resting heart rate is elevated something is wrong.
Heart rate varies between people because of fitness , age and genetics .
Heart rate varies between people because of fitness, age and genetics.
Heart rate varies with age.
Heart rates are generally lower in the morning.
Heart rates slow, sometimes becoming irregular.
Heart rate's still low.
A heart rhythm is a rhythm
Heart rhythm disturbances.
Heart rhythm is controlled by factors both intrinsic and extrinsic to the heart itself.
Heart rhythms are medical conditions.
Heart rhythms are normal.
Heart rot is caused by a variety of species of wood decay fungi.
Many heart scarabs bear a spell on the flat side.
Heart shape cut-out offers decorative touch.
Heart shape is nice.
Heart shape is perhaps the most romantic ones of what are known as fancy shapes.
Heart shape is pretty also.
Heart shape surrounds the quartz clock.
Heart shapeds are shapeds.
Heart sound are faint.
Heart sound is one of the most important sounds.
Heart strings go boingy boingy.
A heart surgeon is a specialist
Heart surgeons report patients dying on their waiting lists.
Heart surgeons spend many years honing their craft before they pick up a scalpel for the first time.
Heart surgeons use silicone for valve replacements.
Heart surgery can last from two to six hours.
Heart surgery can take an additional eight months.
Heart surgery continues to be the largest single diagnosis, with premature birth being second.
Heart surgery is an operation
Heart surgery is like an airline.
Heart surgery is operations.
Heart surgery is very risky because the heart's pumping action is so critical for survival.
All heart surgery carries some risk.
Heart talk is about internalized self worth.
Heart transplant is often the only option.
Heart transplant is one of the last resorts for treating severe heart failure.
Heart transplant is only hope for reversal.
Heart transplants are also an option but remain risky.
Heart transplants are very costly.
Heart transplantation is a last-resort option for people with heart failure .
Heart transplantation is a last-resort option for people with heart failure.
Heart transplantation is a treatment option, but donor organs for infants are hard to come by.
Heart transplantation is associated with an increased risk for pancreatobiliary disease.
Heart transplantation is at presently the only therapy for the disease.
Heart transplantation is available for appropriate candidates.
Heart trouble is believed to have been the cause.
Heart trouble is the most common thing in the world.
A heart urchin is a sea urchin
Heart urchins are deposit feeders using their oral tube-feet to gather detritus.
Heart urchins feed on particles.
Heart urchins have spines.
Heart urchins live in shallow water.
Heart urchins live in water.
Most heart urchins have spines.
Most heart urchins live in shallow water.
Most heart urchins live in water.
Some heart urchins have grooves.
Some heart urchins have internal skeletons.
Some heart urchins have skeletons.
Some heart urchins remain in burrows.
A heart valve is a valve
Heart valves are body parts.
Heart valves are implants.
Heart valves are part of hearts.
Heart valves are solid objects.
Heart valves are valves.
Heart valves perform the vital job of maintaining the heart's blood flow in the correct direction.
Heart valves regulate the flow of blood from the heart's pumping chambers.
Heart valves regulate the flow of blood inside the heart.
Heart valves replace damaged valves in infants and adults with heart valve defects.
Most heart valves are part of hearts.
A heart is suspicion
Heart add from none result finally prompt pastor needed.
Heart appears to skip a beat.
Heart Baskets to Make Very easy way to make cute heart shaped baskets.
Heart be still.
Heart beats faster and is irregular.
Heart beats increase.
Heart beats just fine.
Heart beats sturdily.
Heart beats that feel odd.
Heart becomes broken.
Heart block secondary to erythromycin-induced carbamazepine toxicity.
Heart bow .
Heart bow'd down .
Heart burn etc.
Heart care for children is another one of our specialties.
Heart Care with a difference.
Heart casecomplainant to prove death arose from injury.
Heart ceaselessly supplies nutrition and oxygen to all cells in the body.
Heart consists of one atrium and one ventricle.
Heart corresponds with relating and caring.
Heart cringes in pain.
Heart Cut the heart from felt or construction paper or red foil wrapping paper.
Heart defects As children get older they frequently have behavior problems.
Heart defects present at birth are called congenital heart defects.
Heart defects present since birth.
Heart defects, abnormalities in the digestive system, and frequent infections are also common.
Heart definitely lacks much of the earthy lyricism it's obviously striving for.
Heart diseases, and even the slightest heart abnormalities can cause arrhythmias.
Heart drag within few examples how sold garden fencing.
Heart drag within few examples how sold garlands.
Heart drag within few examples how sold indoor bonsai.
Heart drag within few examples how sold meadow rue.
Heart expands infinitely.
Heart feeds on honesty, unafraid of truth.
Heart feels as if on right side.
Heart feels as if squeezed by a vise, and as if the blood had been all pressed out.
Heart feels like it's gonna burst.
Heart feels pushed up by a distended stomach.
Heart feels smothered .
Heart feels swelled.
Heart feels the time has come to compose lyric poetry.
Heart goes into a high-speed flutter.
Heart goes out to ya buddy.
Heart govern on that north face mountain jacket.
Heart has a regular rate and rhythm.
Heart has a very good listing of cover schools.
Heart has aboard all principal however suggest kgb.
Heart has nothing to do with it anymore.
Heart has two extreme states at each cardiac cycle.
Heart imaging right now is to look at cardiac function and blood flow non-invasively.
Heart includes symptoms of circulatory and heart conditions.
Heart is a bloom it shoots up through the stony ground.
Heart is a good choice, as it is lean and often less expensive than other muscle meats.
Heart is a kind of emotion.
Heart is a large muscular organ which pumps blood in and out of it.
Heart is a lingering question.
Heart Is A Lonely Hunter.
Heart is a mansion love takes possession of.
Heart is a pale lime tone.
Heart is a quarterly magazine.
Heart is a source of both the good and the evil.
Heart is abused, for example by kids who play baseball with it.
Heart is all the Buffs have left to hold onto.
Heart is an intensity essential to sport and is often a mark of greatness.
Heart is bleeding, all help needing, O cruel speeding, fraughted with gall.
Heart is bordered by gold embellishments.
Heart is both a potentiality and an actuality.
Heart is character.
Heart is coeur.
Heart is difficult to auscult.
Heart is ecstatic.
Heart is elevated on laparotomy pack.
Heart is elevated on lapartomy pack.
Heart is elevated on lapartomy packs with the apex pointing towards the sky.
Heart is elevated on lapartomy packs.
Heart is engravable.
Heart is engraveable.
Heart is fine.
Heart is finished into a festive purse.
Heart is forever.
Heart is fragile.
Heart is gold.
Heart is greater than mind.
Heart is hurt.
Heart is in abundance here.
Heart is in right place.
Heart is lemon.
Heart is like a beach ball.
Heart is like a fountain full of peace, joy and love.
Heart is lime green.
Heart is lime-gold.
Heart is matter.
Heart is much greater than ideology, or even religion itself.
Heart is mysterious.
Heart is normal, no blockages.
Heart is of utmost importance.
Heart is regular without murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Heart is rhythmic.
Heart is rolled to the patient's right side, with or without laparotomy packs.
Heart is slowed, and the auriculo-ventricular conduction time is lengthened.
Heart is so heavy.
Heart is so important.
Heart is strong, no defects in the wall of the stomach, all other organs look great.
Heart is strong.
Heart is swept up by the passion of composition.
Heart is synonymous with the three lines.
Heart is the center of our being.
Heart is the core of the human personality.
Heart is the deeper expression of the mind.
Heart is the doorway to the riches of life.
Heart is the foundation of the universe.
Heart is the index of lower mediastinum.
Heart is the most important organ in the human body.
Heart is the object of desire, while circumstances are our living environment.
Heart is the one aspect that sets great athletes apart from the rest.
Heart is the refusal to accept defeat.
Heart is the seat of our irrational self.
Heart is the size of a poppy seed, and has begun to beat.
Heart is the source of life.
Heart is the source of love, and it is the core of personality.
Heart is the source of love, and love is harmonious.
Heart is the source of love.
Heart is the starting point of love and love is the source of life.
Heart is the water of life.
Heart is true.
Heart is truly an exciting, practical approach. . . to touch and affect a hurting world.
Heart is well developed.
Heart is what separates the good from the great.
Heart is what unite inside and outside.
Heart isa organ.
Heart monitoring for abnormal rhythms is continued until the person is stabilized.
Heart moves ant, sup, lat.
Heart murmurs in children are more the rule than the exception.
Heart now is in the iso-volumetric contraction phase of the cardiac cycle.
Heart obedience the essence of true faith.
Heart obtains definitive form.
Heart palps and shortness of breath are common with hyperthyroidism.
Heart pin with open back faceted glass stones and clear rhinestone accents.
Heart pops in and out.
Heart prepare from none decisions however push bone tumors.
Heart prepare from none decisions however push breast tumors.
Heart prepare from none decisions however push the spinal cord.
Heart prepare from none decisions however push venous stasis ulcer.
Heart prepare from none decisions however push veteran hospital.
Heart Prints Pour white vinegar into small bowls.
Heart problems ii.
Heart pumps approx.
Heart pumps blood through a system of blood vessels.
Heart pumps blood to aorta and blood vessels.
Heart pumps fluid containing oxygen and nutrients through vessels into the body cavity.
Heart pumps power the heart muscle to help get more blood to the rest of the body.
Heart pushes uncertain blood forward, down, lungs expand and fill with light.
Heart reaches out via positiva.
Heart represents caring and compassion-positive feelings that underlie workplace relationships.
Heart reverses direction of beat periodically.
Heart rot and cavity tree selection by red-cockaded woodpeckers.
Heart rot developing on oak sprouts.
Heart rot is the only noteworthy disease effecting black locust.
Heart rot of black ash in Minnesota.
Heart rot of black spruce in Ontario.
Heart rot refers to the decay of the heartwood of a living tree.
Heart rot usually terminates in the base of the stump.
Heart says what and the head answers how.
Heart searching messages are common, and often lead to life changing responses from many.
Heart See history of present illness for appropriate questions as review of systems.
Heart seems impeded, then heavy pulsation through chest.
Heart seems to drop.
Heart seems to flutter in throat or over body.
Heart seems too big.
Heart shows no signs of stress or damage.
Heart sounds and hemodynamics are stressed.
Heart sounds and murmurs are also palpable, particularly if they are loud.
Heart sounds are audible by stethoscope, most prominently beneath the sternum.
Heart sounds are distant, and no murmur is heard.
Heart sounds are distant, without a murmur.
Heart sounds caused by closing of valves.
Heart sounds in innocent heart murmurs are normal.
Heart sounds muffled on right side, and cranially and caudally on left side.
Heart sounds muffled.
Heart sounds normal.
Heart sounds of normal intensity.
Heart sounds, colors and breathing all change to mimic the disease.
Heart sounds, heart murmurs, and breath sounds for improving physical diagnosis skills.
Heart sounds, including murmurs, in .wav and .au formats.
Heart sounds, respiratory sounds and murmurs are heard loud and clear .
Heart speaks to heart .
Heart speaks to heart.
Heart sponsors regular online job fairs with leading companies.
Heart starts off a little shy in new surroundings but warms up quickly.
Heart stops then strong serge to start again.
Heart suddenly ceases to beat, with fear of death and constant want of air.
Heart suffer beyond one camping in colorado.
Heart suffer beyond one camping list.
Heart suffer beyond one camping tips.
Heart suffer beyond one salmon fishing tip.
Heart Supplies the body with fresh blood.
Heart touches heart, touch brings solace, kindness, cheer and acknowledgment.
Heart transplants frequently result in the greatly accelerated development of arteriosclerosis.
Heart transplants or a medley of medications used to be the only options for treatment.
Heart transplants, artificial limb,etc.are just a few of the wonders of medicine.
Heart tries to lie very still.
Heart tumours in babies and brain or kidney tumours in adulthood can be fatal.
Heart valves allow the heart to pump blood to specific locations efficiently.
Heart valves are one-way valves that control the direction of blood flow in the heart.
Heart valves can and do develop faults.
Heart valves control the direction of blood flow in the heart.
Heart valves develop at the same time as the chambers.
Heart valves function like one-way gates, allowing the blood to move in only one direction.
Heart valves limit flow to a single direction.
Heart valves that are malformed, missing, or blocking blood flow.
Heart valves, corneas, skin and bone.
Heart warming memories of the past and future dreams are alive in the city of Newton.
Heart works harder.
Heart worms, filaria.
Hearts ache, tears fall.
Hearts are a girls good friend.
Hearts are a perennial favorite at almost all grade levels.
Hearts are academic journals.
Hearts are aflame with appreciation for each other.
Hearts are always popular, though cuddly little teddy bears or bunnies go over well too.
Hearts are beating.
Hearts are broken, children weep.
Hearts are capable of beats.
Hearts are containers.
Hearts are courage.
Hearts are dispositions.
Hearts are dynamic organs, subject to change and stress.
Hearts are easy to make with the brush tip.
Hearts are embroidered on satin and are plush filled.
Hearts are empty, so the sensual needs are fed via the mouth.
Hearts are especially tender as they think of loved ones whom they have disappointed or fail.
Hearts are even broken.
Hearts are everywhere - red and round like ripe baboon anuses when they are in heat.
Hearts are fine.
Hearts are full of hope.
Hearts are full of hopes and dreams for the good health and future of a new baby.
Hearts are fun.
Hearts are games.
Hearts are heart muscles.
Hearts are heavy, and souls are in anguish.
Hearts are in excellent condition with no damage or dings.
Hearts are increasingly open and ready to receive.
Hearts are intangibles.
Hearts are internal organs.
Hearts are intuition.
Hearts are jammin' in the stands, accelerating madly.
Hearts are located in animals.
Hearts are located in artichokes.
Hearts are located in bodies.
Hearts are located in cadavers.
Hearts are located in chests.
Hearts are located in homes.
Hearts are located in hospitals.
Hearts are located in humans.
Hearts are located in live animals.
Hearts are located in people.
Hearts are located in turkeys.
Hearts are made of muscles.
Hearts are more open to the fact that life is an unending surprise.
Hearts are mostly soft-fleshed fruit best suited for home use or eating fresh.
Hearts are muscles.
Hearts Are Open Graves .
Hearts are open in India now.
Hearts are organs.
Hearts are part of bodies.
Hearts are part of circulatory systems.
Hearts are part of human bodies.
Hearts are playing cards.
Hearts are prepared for that painful, final goodbye.
Hearts are pumps.
Hearts are shapes.
Hearts are so hardened that even a pretense of feeling for the animals is absent.
Hearts are still the same when night begins to fall.
Hearts are stronger than swords.
Hearts are symbols.
Hearts are the seeds of motivation for all acts.
Hearts are the strongest when they beat in response to noble ideals.
Hearts are then perfusion fixed and embedded in a plastic polymer for histology.
Hearts are to be open to a multiracial leadership, for racial prejudice is sin.
Hearts are trump.
Hearts are trumps.
Hearts are united.
Hearts are used for breaking.
Hearts are used for love.
Hearts are used for persistence.
Hearts are used for pumpings.
Hearts bleed the same.
Hearts break as bank balances grow.
Hearts break just so, especially young ones, and mend, usually, with as little effort.
Hearts can be fearful , or courageous .
Hearts can be glad .
Hearts can fail, melt, tremble, grow hot , grow sick , and do lots of other things.
Hearts can let go of all self consciousness and concern.
Hearts can unburden over a cup of steaming hot tea and a treasured friend.
Hearts can wrap themselves around it with little threat of being opened very deeply.
Hearts catch flame as family stories and secrets merge, and past and present collide.
Hearts cause extra heartbeats.
Hearts cause heartbeats.
Hearts celebrate both developments.
Hearts change, sometimes.
Hearts circulate blood.
Hearts consist of atriums.
Hearts contain blood.
Hearts contain chambers.
Hearts contain separate chambers.
Hearts count, and relationship capital is what generates wealth.
Hearts cut diamonds.
Hearts Cut out two circles of paper, one red and one white.
Hearts damaged by years of pain develop scar tissue that is hard to penetrate.
Hearts design woven into fabric, so it's subtle.
Hearts do, too.
Hearts face another risk factor.
Hearts Feel Young Again .
Hearts fill with blood.
Hearts fill with nostalgia of springs gone by.
Hearts fill with the most peaceful grace, That lives amongst the happy creatures here.
Hearts Find out the how the heart is built and how it works.
Hearts form patients who had transplants or died of heart problems are discussed and examined.
Hearts generate pressure.
Hearts go to the sickest.
Hearts hammer a lot or fill with dread and similar purplish things.
Hearts have (part) corpi.
Hearts have (part) heart muscles.
Hearts have (part) heart valves.
Hearts have (part) leaflets.
Hearts have (part) lobes.
Hearts have arteries.
Hearts have as many fashions as the world has shapes.
Hearts have atriums.
Hearts have blood.
Hearts have chambers.
Hearts have contraction.
Hearts have features.
Hearts have functions.
Hearts have leave atriums.
Hearts have leave ventricles.
Hearts have lower chambers.
Hearts have murmurs.
Hearts have muscular contraction.
Hearts have places.
Hearts have pump blood.
Hearts have shapes.
Hearts have two injury worries ahead of the League Cup tie against Ross County.
Hearts have ventricles.
Hearts hear trumpets and shining brass playing fanfares of glory.
Hearts is a four player card game where the object is to score the least amount of points.
Hearts is a four player card game.
Hearts is a popular game, but it is quite complicated.
Hearts is an advanced and customized card game.
Hearts is an implementation of the classic games.
Hearts is freeware.
Hearts is now trump.
Hearts is played by four players.
Hearts is quick and satisfying.
Hearts is quick, satisfying, filling.
Hearts is quite a simple game, but very popularbecause of the strategies involved.
Hearts jump up and down.
Hearts meet as one.
Hearts merge and souls rejoice.
Hearts move blood.
Hearts open up in the warmth of hearth and home.
Hearts open wide.
Hearts opens with Coppola on top.
Hearts pound as the coins clank into the tray.
Hearts produce heat.
Hearts pump blood.
Hearts pump blue blood.
Hearts pump colorless blood.
Hearts pump fake blood.
Hearts pump fluid.
Hearts pump rich blood.
Hearts racing, breath sighing Ancient love is afoot tonight.
Hearts receive blood.
Hearts represent love.
Hearts send blood.
Hearts serenade to pulses as they fall and rise.
Hearts sink, of course, but patience is rewarded.
Hearts skip and bodies freeze in their tracks.
Hearts starve as well as bodies.
Hearts still ache.
Hearts still race, once in a while.
Hearts swell with pride at images of parades welcoming home veterans.
Hearts synchronize with the newcomer's as they bring out another body.
Hearts tend to be chewy and crunchy.
Hearts tend to resonate with each other.
Hearts there are truthful and friendship is dear, Growing more youthful with love every year.
Hearts to pump blood.
Hearts to pump enough blood.
Hearts touch and expand.
Hearts travel with varied speeds.
Hearts wallhanging features nine hearts on a grid.
Hearts win African Super Cup.
Hearts yearn to be free.
All Heart is a champion western pleasure mount.
All heart valves have either two or three flaps of tissue called leaflets that open and close.
All hearts are engravable.
All hearts are only grains of sand if they are individual hearts.
All hearts break with sickening sorrow.
Any Heart is a rather generic ballad saved by a searing pedal-point guitar line.
Every heart beats in passion and every tounge sang.
Every heart beats true 'neath the red, white and blue.
Every heart beats true Under red, white, and blue, Where there's never a boast or brag.
Every heart beats true, And our losses are few.
Every heart conceals a few small secrets or, if full of amplitude and plenty, large ones.
Every heart desires a mate.
Every heart has to feel the flame of love.
Every heart is filled with longing to be free from all life's pain.
Every heart is the other heart.
Every heart longs to belong.
Every heart needs a rainbow to cheer it when times get rough.
Every heart needs a rainbow to get through the tough times.
Every heart ought to rejoice when true merit is distinguished with publick notice.
Every heart vibrates to that iron string.
Many heart defects cause abnormal heart sounds called murmurs.
Many hearts are also available as pendants.
Many hearts remain fearful of loosing control, or wealth, or privilege, or security.
Most hearts are part of bodies.
Most hearts cause extra heartbeats.
Most hearts cause heartbeats.
Most hearts circulate blood.
Most hearts consist of atriums.
Most hearts contain blood.
Most hearts contain chambers.
Most hearts contain separate chambers.
Most hearts fill with blood.
Most hearts generate pressure.
Most hearts have arteries.
Most hearts have atriums.
Most hearts have blood.
Most hearts have chambers.
Most hearts have contraction.
Most hearts have functions.
Most hearts have lower chambers.
Most hearts have muscular contraction.
Most hearts have places.
Most hearts have shapes.
Most hearts have ventricles.
Most hearts move blood.
Most hearts produce heat.
Most hearts pump blood.
Most hearts pump blue blood.
Most hearts pump colorless blood.
Most hearts pump fake blood.
Most hearts pump fluid.
Most hearts pump rich blood.
Most hearts receive blood.
Most hearts send blood.
Some heart defects cause obstruction to blood flow.
Some heart diseases cause death.
Some heart diseases cause sudden death.
Some heart murmurs, however, indicate more serious heart problems.
Some hearts are near gills.
Some hearts fill cavities.
Some hearts fill entire cavities.
Some hearts have holes.
Some hearts have intentions.
Some hearts push air.
Some hearts require surgery.
Heartache is sorrow
Heartaches usually stem from regret over intentional or unintentional mistakes.
Some heartaches take more than time to heal.
Heartbeat affiliates encourage chastity as a positive lifestyle choice.
Heartbeat irregularities Seek emergency treatment.
Heartbeat port Enter the port used for the heartbeat on the primary and backup LVS routers.
Heartbeat sensors allow infiltrating teams to detect tangos hiding in ambush around corners.
Heartbeat sensors are mandatory for each team.
Heartbeat services provide notification of when nodes are working, and when they fail.
A heartbeat is an occurrence
Heartbeat isa happening.
Heartbeat isa occurrence.
Heartbeats are forces.
Heartbeats have rhythms.
Heartbeats vary depending on various factors such as age, physical state, and stimuli.
Every heartbeat is caused by an electrical impulse that travels through the heart muscle.
A heartbreaker is a defeat
Heartbreakers are defeats.
Heartbreakers concerns a mother and daughter team of con artists.
Heartbreakers gives the formula a nifty post-feminist twist.
Heartbreakers intends to marry two venerable genres - the romantic comedy and the caper movie.
Heartbreakers is a classy piece of trash.
Heartbreakers is a fun little romp.
Heartbreakers is a fun time at the movies.
Heartbreakers is a really funny movie.
Heartbreakers is anything but subtle and therein lies the fun.
Heartbreakers is one of the worst, mixed up pieces of tripe to come down the pike in a long time.
Heartbreakers play here.
Heartbreakers starts with some sparkle but muffs a good opportunity.
Heartbreakers turns into two movies.
Heartbroken families admit the price for gaining the world's admiration is too high.
Heartburn is a symptom
Heartburn isa symptom.
Heartburn tends to be common during pregnancy because of increased pressure on the stomach.
Some heartburn affects quality.
Some heartburn is caused by diseases.
Hearten pens maintain.
Some heartfelt attention can go a long way.
Heartfelt emotions are in evidence.
Heartfelt evangelism exterminates pride in a believer.
Heartfelt music helps cure the workin' man's blues.
Heartfelt prayer is the only prerequisite.
Heartfelt prayer requires love.
Heartfelt prayer steadies one's nerves, humbles one and clearly shows one the next step.
Heartfelt sympathies go out to the grief-stricken family in their sorrow.
Heartfelt sympathy is extended to the bereaved family.
Heartfelt tears overcome all corruption and barriers.
Heartfelt wounds are much like physical wounds.
Heartful Gourmets are today's answer for busy people on the go who want quick, yet nutritious meals.
Hearth benches flank the fireplace.
A hearth is a niche
Hearths are areas.
Hearths are dwellings.
Hearths are part of fireplaces.
Hearths can sit flat on the floor or be raised.
Hearths Identify the construction of different hearth styles.
Hearths occur in holes or on stone slabs sheltered by low stone walls.
All hearths show signs of use except the one on the third floor.
Heartistic indemnity is spiritual only.
A heartleaf arnica is a wild flower
Heartleaf arnica is a dominant ground cover in many forest communities of the West.
Heartless icosahedrons are lonely islanded stones shedding dragon tears like clock-work.
Some heartless people dump unwanted dogs and cats out into the forest preserves.
Heartsick citizens take comfort.
Heartwood begins to develop after twenty year's growth.
Heartwood comes very close to doing that.
Heartwood gives support for the plant.
Heartwood is wood
Heartwood is wood.
Heartwood presents high-quality literature illustrating seven great virtues.
Heartwood ranges from a deep, rich dark brown to a purplish black.
Heartwood ranges from light brown to oatmeal color and is sometimes grayish.
Heartwood specializes in residential storm door systems .
Heartwoods are generally more resistant than sapwoods.
Hearty congratulations are in order.
Hearty food is prepared quickly and meals are picked up at a special door.
Hearty food requires hearty drink, and Czech beer is touted as the world's best.
Hearty meals are prepared buffet style promising to satisfy a healthy appetite after a day outdoors.
Hearty meals are prepared buffet style.
Hearty meals are prepared fresh daily by our staff cook.
Hearty portions leave even the most hungry diner satisfied.
Hearty snack is included.
Hearty soups are a favorite for dinner.
Hearty soups play a big role, and the so called waterzooies are the most typical.
Heat absorption causes thin beveled siding or shingles to expand.
Heat alarms are a supplement to the smoke alarms.
Heat capacities are listed on a per gram or per kilogram basis.
Heat capacities depend upon the manner in which they are measured.
Heat capacity belongs to the properties which are least affected by high pressures.
Heat capacity is a measure of how much heat a material can hold.
Heat capacity is defined as the change in heat divided by the change in temperature.
Heat capacity is kind of like density.
Heat capacity is the amount of energy for a substance to change in temperature.
Heat capacity is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of an object by one degree.
Heat capacity relates to conductivity.
Heat capacity relates to thermal conductivity.
Most heat capacity relates to conductivity.
Most heat capacity relates to thermal conductivity.
Heat conduction is an important physics concept that impacts everyday life.
Heat conduction is much more effective in balancing the energy input from Joule dissipation.
Heat conduction occurs through any material, represented here by a rectangular bar.
Some heat conduction improves quality.
Heat convection is heat loss due to the movement of air around the body.
Heat cramp is muscle cramp caused by sweating.
Heat cramps are another sign of heat sickness.
Heat cramps are due to muscle spasms and often occur in the arms, legs, or abdomen.
Heat cramps are helpful because they force a person to stop and rest.
Heat cramps are manifest by painful spasms of abdominal and skeletal muscles.
Heat cramps are muscle spasms caused by excessive loss of salt during perspiration.
Heat cramps are muscular pain and spasms due to heavy exertion.
Heat cramps are muscular pains and spasms due to heavy exertion.
Heat cramps are muscular pains and spasms that usually occur in the legs or abdomen.
Heat cramps are muscular pains and spasms which are caused by heavy exertion in the heat.
Heat cramps are often an early sign of approaching heat exhaustion.
Heat cramps are often an early sign that the body is having trouble with the heat.
Heat cramps are painful involuntary muscle spasms in the arms, legs and mid-section.
Heat cramps are painful muscle crams caused by a heavy loss of salt in the body.
Heat cramps are painful muscle spasms in the abdomen, arms, or legs following strenuous activity.
Heat cramps are painful muscle spasms in the arms, legs and mid-section.
Heat cramps are painful muscle spasms that usually occur in the legs and abdomen.
Heat cramps are painful muscle spasms.
Heat cramps are painful spasms in a muscle caused by excessive salt loss due to profuse sweating.
Heat cramps are painful spasms of the muscles caused by excessive loss of salt from the body.
Heat cramps are painful spasms of the muscles.
Heat cramps are preventable, doctors say.
Heat cramps are severe, even disabling cramps in the hands, feet or calves.
Heat cramps are the least severe and usually occur in the arms, legs and abdomen.
Heat cramps are the least severe of the heat-related illnesses.
Heat cramps are the least severe of the three heat-related illnesses.
Heat cramps are the mildest form of hyperthermia.
Heat cramps are very painful, and occur when the body loses salt through exercise or exertion.
Heat cramps can be painful.
Heat cramps can be the result of heavy exertion.
Heat cramps develop because of excessive perspiration and loss of salt from the body.
Heat cramps develop fairly rapidly due to a loss of fluid and salt due to sweating.
Heat cramps occur in healthy individuals during or following strenuous physical activity.
Heat cramps occur when a person sweats heavily and loses a great amount of salt.
Heat cramps result primarily from the excess loss of salt through sweating.
Heat cramps tend to occur after intense exertion.
Heat cycles bring hormonal changes that can lead to personality changes.
Heat cycles can vary in duration and length between cycles.
Any heat cycle carries risks, of uterine infection or unwanted pregnancy.
Heat detection relies on observations.
Heat detectors are no substitute for smoke detectors.
Heat detectors are to be installed in the suite and be connected to the fire alarm system.
Heat detectors monitor room temperature to provide an alarm in the event of fire.
Heat detectors respond to body temperatures.
Heat detectors sense abnormally high temperatures.
Heat detectors use either a fixed temperature level or a rise in temperature to produce an alarm.
Most heat detectors operate in one of two ways.
Heat diffusion is good to start with a circle in the middle.
Heat diffusion is what causes a metal bar to heat up at one end when warmed at the other.
Heat diffusion reduces the efficiency of the micromachining process.
Heat dissipation accompanies every irreversible chemical reaction.
Heat dissipation is a cooling
Heat dissipation is a critical problem in conventional electronics.
Heat dissipation is accomplished by increasing the blood flow to the skin by vasodilation.
Heat dissipation is another power-related constraint on mobile, invisible computers, adds Whitted.
Heat dissipation is cooling.
Heat dissipation is energy lost by the system.
Heat dissipation is increased as a result of vasodilation and increased peripheral blood flow.
Heat dissipation is quite noticeable.
Heat dissipation is the number one priority in order to successfully overclock any processor.
Heat dissipation is the primary cause of problems.
Heat edema causes ankles and feet to swell from heat exposure.
Heat edema refers to the swelling of the hands and feet associated with heat exposure.
Heat energy affects matter in various ways.
Heat energy becomes energy.
Heat energy can do useful work.
Heat energy can move through a substance by conduction.
Heat energy can only be kinetic, since it is energy of moving particles.
Heat energy causes molecular motion.
Heat energy causes motion.
Heat energy causes particles to move by simple definition.
Heat energy causes random molecular motion.
Heat energy causes random motion.
Heat energy comes in various forms and usually from a specific object or source.
Heat energy drives steam turbines.
Heat energy drives turbines.
Heat energy flows from regions.
Heat energy heats water.
Heat energy is almost always one of the products of energy transformations.
Heat energy is also a type of radiant energy.
Heat energy is an example of kinetic energy since heat is basically the movement of molecules.
Heat energy is caused by the motion of particles that make up matter.
Heat energy is directed by a change in the temperature.
Heat energy is energy that is pushed into motion by using heat.
Heat energy is energy
Heat energy is in the disorderly motion of molecules.
Heat energy is liberated as the reaction proceeds.
Heat energy is liberated.
Heat energy is measured in calories.
Heat energy is produced by friction between the flowing water and the surface of the hill.
Heat energy is released as the water vapor in the air condenses.
Heat energy is released in the condensation process.
Heat energy is released or absorbed as water changes state.
Heat energy is stored in the floor to provide even warmth throughout the house for the whole day.
Heat energy is the amount of energy in a substance.
Heat energy is the disorderly motion of molecules and in radiation.
Heat energy is the graveyard of all forms of energy.
Heat energy is the most easily lost or dissipated form of energy.
Heat energy is transfered by the circulation of the air.
Heat energy is transferred from hot places to cooler places by convection.
Heat energy is transferred from the Earth's surface to the upper atmosphere.
Heat energy is transferred from the metal to the water.
Heat energy is transferred from the Sun to the Earth.
Heat energy is transferred from the surface soil to the rocks below.
Heat energy is transferred from warmer things to colder things.
Heat energy is transferred through the atmosphere as water changes from one state to another.
Heat energy is transformed into radiand energy at ate surface of a heater.
Heat energy is transmitted in Discussing the seven forms of energy.
Heat energy is useful for doing many kinds of work.
Heat energy produces coal.
Heat energy provides pressure.
Heat energy raises the temperature of ocean water.
Heat energy serves purposes.
Heat energy travels from a warmer to a cooler location.
More heat energy flows out of Jupiter and Saturn than they receive from the sun.
Most heat energy becomes energy.
Most heat energy causes molecular motion.
Most heat energy causes motion.
Most heat energy causes random molecular motion.
Most heat energy causes random motion.
Most heat energy drives steam turbines.
Most heat energy emitted by the engine is in the invisible infrared portion of the spectrum.
Most heat energy heats water.
Most heat energy produces coal.
Most heat energy provides pressure.
Most heat energy serves purposes.
Some heat energy becomes electrical energy input.
Some heat energy becomes energy input.
Some heat energy becomes input.
Some heat energy causes damage.
Some heat energy comes from hot water.
Some heat energy comes from surfaces.
Some heat energy comes from water.
Some heat energy contains materials.
Some heat energy depends on materials.
Some heat energy generates metabolism.
Some heat energy is absorbed by water.
Some heat energy is released by fuel.
A heat engine is an engine
Heat engine driven electricity is possible.
Heat engines are engines.
Heat engines are the most common form of power for moving vehicles.
Heat engines generate energy.
Heat engines produce electricity.
All heat engines have the common property of turning internal energy into useful macroscopic energy.
Most heat engines burn gasoline to produce heat.
Most heat engines generate energy.
Most heat engines produce electricity.
Some heat engines use steam.
Heat exchange is the composite of four mechanisms in which the body can gain, lose or both.
Heat exchange keeps hole open.
A heat exchanger is a device
Heat exchanger is the compartment that house the water as it flows through the unit.
Heat exchangers are balanced systems, and exhaust the same amount of air as they bring in.
Heat exchangers are devices.
Heat exchangers are manufactured with various flow arrangements and in different designs.
Heat exchangers are some of the essential items within refineries and chemical plants.
Heat exchangers can also have a large amount of flexure if there are enough tubes.
Heat exchangers can be single or multiple to suit most any application.
Heat exchangers cool the refrigerants through a series of phase separations.
Heat exchangers help cool the water in the pool.
Heat exchangers keep the gases at low enough temperatures to be separated.
Heat exchangers recover most of the energy used to warm the water.
Heat exchangers transfer the heat from the fluid to the water stored in the tanks.
Heat exchangers work both directions, effectively reducing both heating and cooling loads.
Heat exhaustion affects athletes.
Heat exhaustion calls for less treatment.
Heat exhaustion can be fatal, rest in a cool place and seek medical advice.
Heat exhaustion can be severe enough to require hospitalization.
Heat exhaustion can evolve into heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion can lead to dizziness, blurred vision, nausea, and eventual collapse.
Heat exhaustion can lead to heat stroke, which is life-threatening.
Heat exhaustion can occur on any fire.
Heat exhaustion can progress quickly to heat stroke, a potentially fatal condition.
Heat exhaustion can progress to heat stroke, which can be deadly.
Heat exhaustion can progress very quickly to heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion can quickly become heatstroke .
Heat exhaustion can quickly become heatstroke.
Heat exhaustion can quickly lead to heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion can quickly progress to heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion can result in headaches, dizziness, nausea, and possibly chills and confusion.
Heat exhaustion caused by loss of body water and salt is likely.
Heat exhaustion causes a person to become nauseous and light-headed.
Heat exhaustion causes fatigue, dizziness and disorientation.
Heat exhaustion causes fatigue.
Heat exhaustion causes impaired ability, dizziness, headache, vomiting and clammy skin.
Heat exhaustion causes pale, clammy skin, weakness, nausea and heavy sweating.
Heat exhaustion happens from overexercising, which causes the body to lose fluids.
Heat exhaustion happens when one is exposed to heat for a prolonged period of time.
Heat exhaustion Have the person lie down in a cool place and sponge the body with cold water.
Heat exhaustion involves symptoms and signs of fluid and salt loss.
Heat exhaustion is a collapse
Heat exhaustion is a common response to working in summer weather.
Heat exhaustion is a less serious but much more common condition.
Heat exhaustion is a medical emergency.
Heat exhaustion is a milder condition than heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion is a more severe condition than heat cramps.
Heat exhaustion is a possibility, so a light- coloured hat is recommended to shade the head.
Heat exhaustion is a serious medical condition.
Heat exhaustion is a warning that the body is getting too hot.
Heat exhaustion is also a serious condition but can be easily remedied.
Heat exhaustion is caused by excessive exposure to heat and the depletion of body fluids.
Heat exhaustion is caused by excessive fluid loss in a hot environment.
Heat exhaustion is caused by excessive fluid loss.
Heat exhaustion is caused by excessive sweating.
Heat exhaustion is caused by exposure to excessive, moist heat.
Heat exhaustion is caused by inadequate fluid intake.
Heat exhaustion is caused by overexposure to high temperatures and humidity.
Heat exhaustion is caused by the failure to adjust to extended exposure to high heat.
Heat exhaustion is caused by the loss of large amounts of fluid and electrolytes.
Heat exhaustion is characterized by an increase in core temperature and heart rate.
Heat exhaustion is characterized by extreme weakness or fatigue, dizziness, nausea, and headache.
Heat exhaustion is characterized by fatigue, nausea, headache, and clammy and moist skin.
Heat exhaustion is characterized by fatigue, weakness, and even collapse.
Heat exhaustion is due to dehydration.
Heat exhaustion is due to more profound loss of water and electrolytes.
Heat exhaustion is due to more profound water and electrolyte loss.
Heat exhaustion is fatigue, sometimes leading to collapse, caused by overexposure to heat.
Heat exhaustion is heatstroke.
Heat exhaustion is less dangerous than heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion is marked by excessive dehydration and electrolyte depletion.
Heat exhaustion is marked by fatigue, heavy sweating, dizziness, nausea and fainting.
Heat exhaustion is more complex and more dangerous.
Heat exhaustion is more likely after a few days of a heat wave than when one is just beginning.
Heat exhaustion is more serious than heat cramps.
Heat exhaustion is more severe than heat cramps and has several symptoms.
Heat exhaustion is much less dangerous than heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion is related to heat stroke, although they are two separate problems.
Heat exhaustion is the body's response to an excessive loss of water and salt contained in sweat.
Heat exhaustion is the body's response to the loss of water and salt from sweating.
Heat exhaustion is the early sign that the body needs to rehydrate.
Heat exhaustion is the most common form of heat illness.
Heat exhaustion is the next severe form of heat injury.
Heat exhaustion is the next step beyond simple dehydration.
Heat exhaustion is the stage before heat stroke where sufferers become weak and sweat heavily.
Heat exhaustion is the warning the body gets that it is getting too hot.
Heat exhaustion is uncomfortable and heat stoke is downright dangerous.
Heat exhaustion is usually reversible if the body is cooled off right away.
Heat exhaustion is usually the result of excessive heat and dehydration.
Heat exhaustion occurs before heat stroke.
Heat exhaustion occurs when a dehydrated person continues to exercise.
Heat exhaustion occurs when children get hot and lose too much fluid through sweating.
Heat exhaustion occurs when heat stress causes fluid depletion.
Heat exhaustion occurs when the body is unable to cool itself properly.
Heat exhaustion occurs when the body loses excessive amounts of water and salt through sweating.
Heat exhaustion occurs when the body loses too much fluid and salt.
Heat exhaustion starts with weakness, nausea, dizziness and profuse sweating.
Heat exhaustion sucks.
Heat exhaustion takes time to develop, while heat stroke can strike suddenly.
Heat exhaustion takes time to develop.
Most heat exhaustion causes fatigue.
Heat expansion is a result of the increase of kinetic energy of the molecules.
Heat flow is an inevitable consequence of contact of objects of differing temperature.
Heat flow is especially fast in metal framing.
Heat flow is involved when ice melts and the thermodynamic arrow is immediately evident.
Heat flow is slower in soil than in the atmosphere.
Heat flux can be positive or negative, depending on the direction of heat transfer.
Heat flux is exceedingly difficult to control and isolate in a laboratory setting.
Heat flux is the amount of heat energy that crosses the surface of the ocean of a given area.
Heat flux represents the intensity of the outside fire source.
Heat generation faces additional problems.
Heat guns work well, but they can scorch wood.
Heat illness can affect almost anyone.
Heat illness is an emergency situation and requires medical care.
Heat illness is much easier to prevent than to treat, but it takes time and preparation.
Heat illness occurs at differing levels of severity.
Heat illness occurs because of excess heat exposure.
Heat illness Working in hot conditions, indoors or outdoors, creates health risks.
Heat illnesses are easily preventable by taking necessary precautions in hot weather.
Most heat illnesses occur during the first couple of exercise sessions in the heat.
Heat index calculations produce results.
Heat index is a measure of the air temperature and the relative humidity.
Heat index is shown below in two tables.
Heat index is shown in two tables.
Heat index is the apparent temperature considering both the temperature and relative humidity.
Heat index is used as a more accurate measure of demand than simply temperature.
Heat indexs are indexs.
Some heat indexes relate to responses.
Heat injuries are always dangerous and can be fatal.
Heat injuries are preventable.
Heat injuries can be deadly, and they can leave a military force virtually combat ineffective.
Heat injury can take the form of heat cramps, heat exhaustion and heat stroke.
Heat injury includes heat exhaustion with or without milder neurologic problems.
Heat injury is serious.
Heat intolerance is common since the cat's own internal thermostat has been revved up.
Heat islands can worsen pollution.
Heat islands keep cities warmer then surrounding rural areas.
Heat islands occur in tropical and extra-tropical cities.
Heat kernel bounds for higher order elliptic operators.
A heat lamp is an electric heater
Heat lamps are a convenient source of radiant heat for brooding small flocks.
Heat lamps are capable of causing a barn fire if left unattended.
Heat lamps are electric heaters.
Heat lamps are on overhead.
Heat lamps are the best example of radiant heaters.
Heat lamps are the easiest to use.
Heat lamps are very affordable and add a huge comfort factor.
Heat lamps emit light.
Heat lamps have a bulb that gives off mostly infrared rays and very little visible light.
Heat lamps help avoid chills.
Heat lamps provide heat.
Heat lamps provide radiant heat.
Heat lamps stand ready, and it's partially covered.
Heat lamps work by radiating the bird with infra-red rays.
Most heat lamps emit light.
Most heat lamps provide heat.
Most heat lamps provide radiant heat.
Some heat lamps cause fire.
Heat lightning has nothing to do with how warm temperatures are on a summer's night.
Heat lightning is lightning
Heat lightning is lightning.
Heat lightning is nothing more than the reflection or refraction of real lightning in the distance.
Heat lightning is seen most often on hot summer nights with clear skies.
Heat lightning occurs after a very hot summer day and poses no threat.
Heat loss can also occur at the spacer within the insulating unit.
Heat loss creates the problem.
Heat loss increases dramatically with increases in wind speed.
Heat loss is inhibited by the intense vasoconstriction.
Heat loss is minimized by vasoconstricting the vessels supplying the skin.
Heat loss is one of the steam engine's greatest inefficiencies.
Heat loss is particularly severe among cross-country skiers.
Heat loss is performed by blood convection to the comb, wattles and feet.
Heat loss is probably the biggest energy thief.
Heat loss is reduced by feathers, hair and subcutansous fat.
Heat loss is reduced either by a heavy layer of fat called blubber, or a heavy coat of fur.
Heat loss is so rapid that it is often impossible to maintain the normal body temperature.
Heat loss is the biggest enemy of a French press.
Heat loss is the biggest problem that stars and planets face.
Heat loss is the primary characteristic of inefficiency and can be caused by numerous reasons.
Heat loss is.
Heat loss occurs through convection in large leaves.
Heat loss occurs through passive diffusion and has the following requirements gradient.
Heat losses occur by infiltration when there are cracks around the frame or glass.
Heat losses occur when summer heat fails to come into the house.
Most heat loss is through windows.
Heat mats are now available that can be installed under tile that heat the floor.
Heat of compression produces ignition.
A heat of formation is heat
Heat of formation comes into picture when the basic compounds or molecules are forming.
Heat of mixing is the heat required to mix the phases.
Heat of vaporization is discussed on pp.
Heat of vaporization is energy needed to to go gas phase or liquid phase.
Heat of vaporization is heat
Heat packs are a great, inexpensive asset during the cold months.
Heat packs are small envelopes filled with powdered iron and oxidizers.
Heat packs help too.
Heat pads are two molded pieces of polyethylene welded together for a water tight seal.
Heat penetrations affect ability.
Heat pipes are a full-custom product.
Heat pipes are a special form of heat movement using phase change convection.
Heat pipes are another oddity currently used to cool lathe tool tips.
Heat pipes are devices used to passively remove heat from electronics on spacecraft.
Heat pipes are extremely effective in transferring heat from one location to another.
Heat pipes are extremely efficient heat transfer devices.
Heat pipes are thermal management devices used on many existing spacecraft for waste heat removal.
Heat pipes have an effective thermal conductivity many thousands of times that of copper.
Heat pipes repair basically involves replacement of deteriorated parts.
Heat pipes save electricity in another way as well.
Heat pipes vary greatly in size, depending upon their particular use.
Most heat pipes used in electronic cooling are copper with water or alcohol as the working fluid.
Some heat pipes consist of pipes.
Heat pollution is caused by power plants and factories.
Heat prostration is a collapse
Heat prostration sets in very quickly in a stressed animal.
A heat pump is apparatus
Heat pumps are a growing alternative to conventional electric units and a good way to save money.
Heat pumps are a much cleaner and more environmentally safe way of heating and cooling homes.
Heat pumps are a very efficient alternative to electric heat.
Heat pumps are able to achieve both by a very simple concept, moving heat .
Heat pumps are also ideal for zoning because of their limited heating capacity.
Heat pumps are another option to consider.
Heat pumps are apparatus.
Heat pumps are complex pieces of equipment and there's quite a range in quality and price.
Heat pumps are cost effective compared to other types of cooling and heating systems.
Heat pumps are electrical devices.
Heat pumps are inefficient when the outside temperature is below freezing.
Heat pumps are like conventional air conditioners except they also can provide heat in the winter.
Heat pumps are mechanical devices.
Heat pumps are most effective at saving energy when in the heating mode.
Heat pumps are much better at pumping cool air.
Heat pumps are pumps.
Heat pumps are refrigeration devices running backward.
Heat pumps are relatively maintenance free when compared to conventional air conditioning systems.
Heat pumps are safe because they are flameless and flueless.
Heat pumps are sensitive to restricted air flow.
Heat pumps are the fastest growing direct use application of geothermal power.
Heat pumps are the most common and usually require special setback thermostats.
Heat pumps are two to four times more efficient than other heating and cooling systems.
Heat pumps can also be a part of an integrated system that provides both cooling and heating.
Heat pumps can be extremely efficient in their use of energy.
Heat pumps can deliver heating at less than half the cost of electric furnaces.
Heat pumps can extract heat from air, water or the earth.
Heat pumps can extract heat from air, water, or the earth.
Heat pumps can provide all the heat necessary even in the coldest weather.
Heat pumps can run freely all day to provide air conditioning at no electrical cost.
Heat pumps can significantly reduce primary energy use for building heating and cooling.
Heat pumps cost less to operate and cool as well as heat.
Heat pumps create no acidic condensate.
Heat pumps deliver the same register temperature as forced air systems.
Heat pumps do double duty as a central air conditioner.
Heat pumps give off no fumes or harmful products of combustion.
Heat pumps have about the same life expectancy.
Heat pumps have an electrically powered backup for especially cold days.
Heat pumps have higher up-front costs.
Heat pumps have no soot, carbon or smoke to soil walls.
Heat pumps have special requirements, starting with the indoor filter.
Heat pumps keep it cool and the cost of electricity is very reasonable.
Heat pumps operate by moving or transferring heat, rather than creating it.
Heat pumps operate by removing heat from outside air and transferring it to the conditioned space.
Heat pumps operate most efficiently when the thermostat remains the same.
Heat pumps operate quietly with no combustion rumble.
Heat pumps provide central air conditioning as well as heating as a matter of course.
Heat pumps pull the heat or coolness out of the liquid and circulate it through the buildings.
Heat pumps require work to take heat from a cold body and remove it to a warm body.
Heat pumps utilize electricity to drive the motors and compressors.
All heat pumps can handle temperatures in the moderate to warm ranges.
Most heat pumps deliver conditioned air to the home using ductwork.
Most heat pumps use a refrigeration cycle .
Most heat pumps use a refrigeration cycle.
Most heat pumps use electric motors to provide energy .
Most heat pumps use electric motors to provide energy.
Heat races begin at six p.m. and feature races start at eight.
Heat radiation is infrared radiation .
A heat rash is a skin rash
Heat rash appears as clusters of red pimples or blisters on the skin.
Heat rash can occur at any age but is more prevalent in the very young.
Heat rash can result from sweaty skin.
Heat rash disappears when the person is returned to cooler temperatures.
Heat rash does tend to occur in hot weather.
Heat rash leaves skin rough, red and covered by pinhead-sized pimples.
Heat rash occurs when the sweat glands of the skin become clogged due to extreme sweating.
A heat ray is a ray
Heat rays are on the longer end of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Heat recovery allows controlled and efficient use of that heat.
Heat recovery distilling units use diesel engine jacket water instead of steam as the heat source.
Heat recovery is recommended in severe heating climate zones.
Heat recovery is used in the ventilation air streams.
Heat resistance is above average.
Heat resistance is normally an inherent property of the fiber used in the manufacturing ropes.
Heat resistance is the outstanding performance characteristic of the sulfones.
Heat resistance protects the resin from exposure to excessive temperatures.
Heat seekers are also the logical guidance system along with wire-guideds.
Heat sensors probe near the surface, and an oxygen sensor sniffs the air.
Some heat shields are part of spacecraft.
Some heat shields are part of spaceships.
Some heat shields protect astronauts.
Heat shock induces translocation to the nucleus of the unliganded glucocorticoid receptor.
Heat shock inhibits cytokine-induced nitric oxide synthase expression by rat and human islets.
Heat shock produces periodic somitic disturbances in the zebrafish embryo.
Heat shock protects action potentials from high temperatures in locust motoneurons.
Heat shock protects neuromuscular transmission.
Heat shock triggers bacteria to take up plasmid.
Heat shrink is used at all critical points.
Heat shrink is used extensively to prevent short circuits and intermittent problems.
A heat sink is a conductor
A heat sink is a sink
Heat sink gets really hot.
Heat sink is included.
Heat sinks are also a possibility.
Heat sinks are at the lower temperatures.
Heat sinks are conductors.
Heat sinks are found in most computers .
Heat sinks are found in most computers.
Heat sinks are most efficient when there is a uniform heat flux applied over the entire base.
Heat sinks are one such example of using simple physical principles to keep temperatures low.
Heat sinks are sinks.
Heat sinks can also be a big help.
Heat sinks increase the effective surface area of the power supply.
All heat sinks are internal and cooled by a forced-air fan.
All heat sinks are internal to the unit and cooled by forced air.
All heat sinks come with a standard protocol for freeze-substitution.
Heat source can be wood fire, propane or camp stove.
Heat source can be wood fire, propane, or camp stove.
Heat source includes soldering guns, irons and torch applications.
Heat source is interior of earth.
Heat sources are located in bedrooms.
Heat sources are located in cars.
Heat sources are located in fire.
Heat sources are located in homes.
Heat sources are located in houses.
Heat sources are located in solar energy.
Heat sources are the projector light, sound equipment, and dimming equipment are significant.
Heat sources are used for cooking food.
Heat sources are used for cooking.
Heat sources are used for cooks.
Heat sources are used for energy.
Heat sources are used for greenhouses.
Heat sources are used for homes.
Heat sources are used for relaxing muscles.
Heat sources are used for thawings.
Heat sources are used for warmth.
Heat sources having a thermostat are most reliable.
Heat sources help spark the wildfire and bring fuel to temperatures hot enough to ignite.
Heat sources receive heat.
Most heat sources receive heat.
Some heat sources create heat.
Some heat sources provide freeze protection.
Some heat sources provide protection.
Heat stability is a critical issue for commercial phytase products.
Heat stability is dependent on concentration polymer type and residence time.
Heat stability is dependent on concentration, polymer type and residence time.
Heat stability is dependent on concentration, polymer type, and residence time.
Heat stability is dependent on pigment concentration, polymer type and residence time.
Heat sterilization is ideal.
Heat sterilization kills any potentially harmful microorganisms.
Heat storage is directly proportionate to the weight of the material used in the kiln lining.
Heat stress ameliorates atp depletion-induced sublethal injury in mouse proximal tubule cells.
Heat stress can aggravate the effect of other toxins.
Heat stress can also cause exhaustion, fainting, vomiting and diarrhea.
Heat Stress can be a problem in some people.
Heat stress can be fatal but it can readily be avoided.
Heat stress can cause general discomfort, decline in animal performance and animal death.
Heat stress can cause general discomfort, decline in animal performance, and animal death.
Heat stress can cause reduced feed intake and decreased animal performance.
Heat Stress Can Kill.
Heat Stress can lead to serious illness and death.
Heat stress can occur any time the surrounding temperature is elevated.
Heat stress can occur suddenly and kill within only a few hours.
Heat stress causes increased sweating, depleting the body's fluid and causing heat intolerence.
Heat stress causes symptoms similar to pesticide poisoning.
Heat stress claims the lives of many llamas every year.
Heat stress decreases the synthesis of most proteins.
Heat stress decreases total above-ground biomass and grain yield in wheat.
Heat stress has negative effects on sperm production in boars.
Heat stress includes a series of conditions where the body is under stress from overheating.
Heat stress intensifies the adverse effects of ergot alkaloids in cattle.
Heat stress is a big problem for the population of Turkmenistan.
Heat stress is a common cause of subfertility.
Heat stress is a factor of temperature and humidity.
Heat stress is a group of disorders that occur following excessive heat exposure.
Heat stress is a major cause of plant stress and loss during the summer months.
Heat stress is a major problem and can be fatal.
Heat stress is a serious problem that can affect all varieties of employees on the job.
Heat stress is a well documented fatality in plethodontid salamanders.
Heat stress is an illness caused by heat, and the elderly with problems are most at risk.
Heat stress is an illness that results from too much heat exposure.
Heat stress is an important factor making the pikas here vulnerable to extirpation.
Heat stress is another common reaction to high temperatures.
Heat stress is believed to decrease plant growth due to inhibition of photosynthetic rate.
Heat stress is common much of the year in newly arrived cattle.
Heat stress is doubly bad news for gravid males.
Heat stress is especially harmful at the peak of lactation.
Heat stress is greater as the relative humidity rises.
Heat stress is hard on livestock, especially in combination with high humidity.
Heat stress is only a concern in hot weather.
Heat stress is rough on dairy cows.
Heat stress is the biggest concern.
Heat stress is the general term for the hazards of hot work.
Heat stress lowers milk production and reduces reproductive performance.
Heat stress occurs as summer temperatures and the humidity level rise.
Heat stress occurs on hot jobs.
Heat stress occurs when more heat is being absorbed into the body than can be dissipated.
Heat stress occurs when the body builds up more heat than it can cope with.
Heat stress occurs when the body builds up more heat than it can handle.
Heat stress protects the aged hypertrophied and non-hypertrophied rat heart against ischemic damage.
Heat stress reduces egg size because hens eat too little feed when they are too warm.
Heat stress reduces libido .
Heat stress requires additional energy.
Heat Stress Slow down.
Heat stroke can affect athletes of any caliber in nearly every outdoor sport.
Heat stroke can be fatal depending upon severity and treatment.
Heat stroke can be fatal if left untreated.
Heat stroke can be fatal.
Heat stroke can be very dangerous.
Heat stroke can cause a person to lose consciousness and go into a coma.
Heat stroke can cause irreparable neurologic damage.
Heat stroke can develop within minutes or hours.
Heat stroke can follow.
Heat stroke can kill a lot of brain cells.
Heat stroke can lead to shock, which takes away the body s ability to maintain temperature.
Heat stroke can leave permanent damage.
Heat stroke can result in coma or death.
Heat stroke causes blood clots and heart failure.
Heat stroke causes hot, red, dry skin and a fast heart beat.
Heat stroke comes on very quickly because of the dog's black colour.
Heat stroke comes on very quickly especially if the dog is black in color.
Heat stroke demands immediate attention.
Heat stroke demands immediate medical attention.
Heat stroke develops from heat exhaustion and is a medical emergency.
Heat stroke develops when the body systems are overwhelmed by heat and begin to stop functioning.
Heat stroke happens because the body's cooling system has failed.
Heat stroke happens when the body is exposed to extremely hot temperatures.
Heat stroke is a canine killer.
Heat stroke is a condition that needs immediate medical attention.
Heat stroke is a deadly condition that kills hundreds of pets in Florida every summer.
Heat stroke is a definite crisis.
Heat stroke is a far more serious condition.
Heat stroke is a life threatening situation.
Heat stroke is a life-threatening condition.
Heat stroke is a life-threatening medical condition.
Heat stroke is a life-threatening medical emergency and needs to be treated by a physician.
Heat stroke is a life-threatening situation.
Heat stroke is a medical emergency caused by failure of the body's heat controls.
Heat stroke is a medical emergency.
Heat stroke is a more likely villain.
Heat stroke is a more serious reaction to heat.
Heat stroke is a real danger, along with heart attacks and other unpleasantness.
Heat stroke is a real possibility.
Heat stroke is a serious and even life-threatening condition requiring urgent treatment.
Heat stroke is a serious emergency.
Heat stroke is a serious medical emergency caused when the body systems stop functioning.
Heat stroke is a serious medical emergency.
Heat stroke is a severe medical emergency.
Heat stroke is a severe medical problem, get victim to hospital immediately.
Heat stroke is a temperature-related illness that overwhelms the body's ability to dissipate heat.
Heat stroke is a threat that too many pet owners underestimate.
Heat stroke is a true medical emergency and results from extreme elevations of body temperature.
Heat stroke is a very real possibility here in the Midwest.
Heat stroke is an emergency condition requiring immediate veterinary treatment.
Heat stroke is an emergency that needs immediate medical attention.
Heat stroke is an emergency that requires immediate recognition and prompt treatment.
Heat stroke is an emergency that requires medical assistance as soon as possible.
Heat stroke is another injury that can occur.
Heat stroke is caused by excessive heat and humidity combined with an inadequate water supply.
Heat stroke is caused by exposure to excessive heat.
Heat stroke is caused by failure of the body s heat regulating mechanism.
Heat stroke is characterized by a high body temperature, lack of sweating and physical collapse.
Heat stroke is extremely serious and can be fatal.
Heat stroke is far more serious and dangerous than heat exhaustion.
Heat stroke is far more serious.
Heat stroke is life threatening and requires immediate medical attention.
Heat stroke is life threatening because the person's temperature control system stops working.
Heat stroke is life threatening.
Heat stroke is life-threatening so help is needed fast.
Heat stroke is life-threatening.
Heat stroke is more dangerous and causes hot, flushed, dry skin and confusion.
Heat stroke is more serious than heat exhaustion.
Heat stroke is more serious.
Heat stroke is much more clearly defined than exhaustion.
Heat stroke is much more serious and occurs when the body's sweat glands have shut down.
Heat stroke is much more serious.
Heat stroke is potentially life threatening.
Heat stroke is similar to exhaustion, but much more severe because it can be fatal .
Heat stroke is stroke are imminent.
Heat stroke is the more serious of the two.
Heat stroke is the most dangerous of the heat-related illnesses and can be fatal.
Heat stroke is the most serious degree of hyperthermia.
Heat stroke is the most serious form of heat-related illness.
Heat stroke is the most serious health problem associated with work in hot environments.
Heat stroke is the most serious heat emergency.
Heat stroke is the most serious heat-related condition.
Heat stroke is the most serious heat-related illness.
Heat stroke is the most serious of the five heat disorders.
Heat stroke is the most serious of the illnesses caused by overheating.
Heat stroke is the most serious of the three conditions.
Heat stroke is the most serious type of heat sickness and is life threatening.
Heat stroke is the most serious, and can be fatal.
Heat stroke is the most severe form of heat illness and is a life-threatening emergency.
Heat stroke is the most severe heat condition.
Heat stroke is the most severe heat related illness.
Heat stroke is the worst heat-related injury.
Heat stroke is treatable if recognized relatively early.
Heat stroke is treated with rapid cooling.
Heat stroke is very serious and only compounded by the logistics of the ravine.
Heat stroke means heat injury with delirium, obtundation, or coma.
Heat stroke means the body has gone into crisis.
Heat stroke occurs more readily when the body has suffered a previous heat disorder.
Heat stroke occurs when a body's cooling system shuts down.
Heat stroke occurs when a person becomes unable to control body temperature.
Heat stroke occurs when the animal's body temperature remains high even after activity has ceased.
Heat stroke occurs when the body's cooling system breaks down.
Heat stroke occurs when the body's cooling system completely shuts down.
Heat stroke occurs when the body's heat regulating mechanism fails.
Heat stroke occurs when the body's systems stop functioning.
Heat stroke occurs when the surrounding temperature out paces the body s ability to cool itself.
Heat stroke represents a collapse of the athlete's cooling system.
Heat stroke requires immediate attention or it can be fatal.
Heat stroke requires immediate medical attention.
Heat stroke requires medical attention.
Heat strokes are diseases.
Heat strokes are life threatening.
Heat strokes are strokes.
Heat syncope is a sudden dizziness experienced after exercising in the heat.
Heat syncope is related to heat exposure that produces orthostatic hypotension .
Heat syncope is sudden dizziness experienced after exercising in the heat.
Heat syncope is the least serious of heat-induced disorders.
Heat syncope occurs when a person becomes dizzy or faints after exposure to high temperatures.
Heat tape has quite a few things going for it.
Heat tape is another alternative and it works equally well for heating leopard gecko enclosures.
Heat tape receptacles.
Heat therapy gets the digestive enzymes working.
HEAT therapy helps to reduce pain, as does ultrasound and physiotherapy treatments.
Heat therapy is able to destroy cancer cells.
Heat therapy is underway on two virus infected varieties.
Heat transfer affects our everyday life.
Heat transfer analyses in edged particles.
Heat transfer can occur when there is a temperature difference.
Heat transfer changes the internal energy of the system.
Heat transfer claculates a one dimensional sclaer field problem.
Heat transfer depends directly on the heat conductance and on the temperature difference.
Heat transfer features Packaging markings.
Heat transfer happens in one of three ways.
Heat transfer has a huge number of applications.
Heat transfer has wide applications for the proper functioning of thermal devices and systems.
Heat transfer includes the mechanisms of heat conduction , thermal radiation , and mass transfer .
Heat transfer introduces the student to principles of evaporation for liquid fuels.
Heat transfer is a critical element on a wide variety of aerospace applications.
Heat transfer is a major concern for people who work in hot or cold conditions.
Heat transfer is accomplished by hot air that is generated by a blower inside the Hot Zone.
Heat transfer is by conduction, convection, and radiation.
Heat transfer is highly efficient, and optimum temperature is reached rapidly.
Heat transfer is improved.
Heat transfer is included in each process.
Heat transfer is measured under dry and water satured conditions in a cross-section.
Heat transfer is our business.
Heat transfer is studied for liquid, vapor, and two-phase flow.
Heat transfer is studied in the senior year.
Heat transfer is very efficient for most capillary designs since the column diameters are small.
Heat transfer is via a heat pipe, to a highly insulated manifold heat exchanger.
Heat transfer occurs by conduction or by thermal radiation.
Heat transfer occurs when two objects or systems are at different temperatures.
Heat transfer processes The primary purpose of greenhouses is control of temperature.
Heat transfer takes place across the heat exchanger plate to cool recirculating enclosure air.
Heat transfer works best over short distance.
Most heat transfer occurs by convection, or sensible heating and cooling.
Heat transport is via conduction and convection with flowing water.
Heat traps prevent buoyant hot water from escaping out the top into pipes.
Heat treatment can be highly effective, and it can be combined with other treatments.
Heat treatment can destroy water soluble vitamins .
Heat treatment can significantly modify the mechanical characteristics.
Heat treatment continues to be a problem with respect to the performance of steel castings.
Heat treatment destroys the urease activity.
Heat treatment imparts the desired hardness and case depth.
Heat treatment is an essential step in the knife making process.
Heat treatment is available to enhance spring qualities.
Heat treatment is very simply, what makes a knife functional.
Heat treatment reduces the honey to a simple syrup as opposed to the enzyme-rich food raw honey is.
Heat treatment stops the oxidation process.
Heat treatment tends to make available nitrogen in higher quantities.
Heat treatments are effective ways to relax muscles and relieve joint pain and soreness.
Some heat treatments improve clarity.
Some heat treatments involve use.
Some heat treatments lead to breakdowns.
Some heat treatments result in detection.
A heat unit is an unit
Heat units estimate the amount of heat energy that is available to fuel plant growth.
Heat units help determine cotton's maturity.
Heat water returns to rivers.
A heat wave is a wave
Heat wave begins over the Atlantic Coast States, from the Carolinas to southern New England.
Heat wave is a prolonged period of excessive heat and humidity.
Heat wave is another misused term.
Heat waves are common across the country during the summer.
Heat waves are deceptive.
Heat waves are nothing new and have plagued the United States for centuries.
Heat waves are rare and brief.
Heat waves are the most lethal type of weather phenomenon, overall.
Heat waves are waves.
Heat waves are, largely by definition, unusual events.
Heat waves can be lengthy and deadly.
Heat waves can cause big problems in unair-conditioned places.
Heat waves can dramatically increase daily water consumption levels.
Heat waves can last from several days to several weeks.
Heat waves can stress plants but with enough water most plants can look great in almost any heat.
Heat waves cause destruction.
Heat waves cause thousands of deaths in India and hundreds in central Europe and the United States.
Heat waves cause visible destruction.
Heat waves grill ambition.
Heat waves have a special impact on the generation of electricity for air conditioning.
Heat waves kill more people each year than hurricanes, tornadoes or volcanoes.
Heat waves present a set of identifiable risks, especially in urban areas.
Heat waves rise from the blacktop road distorting the symmetry of the road in the distance.
Heat waves shimmer from the desert floor and a fly mindlessly flits past the camera.
Heat waves shimmer off the hardpan alkali flat, and a fine white dust swirls on the wind.
Heat waves travel out into the void.
Most heat waves cause destruction.
Most heat waves cause visible destruction.
Some heat waves have casualties.
Some heat waves increase electricity.
Some heat waves lead to exhaustion.
Some heat waves lead to heat exhaustion.
Some heat waves take places.
Heat absorbing color corrected glass cylinder design reduces shadows.
Heat absorbing glass is also widely used to reduce solar heat gain.
HEAT accelerates and improves hardening.
Heat accelerates corrosion within the battery and can evaporate the electrolyte needed for current.
Heat accelerates discharge.
Heat accelerates the curing process.
Heat accelerates the deterioration of textiles.
Heat accelerates the drug's breakdown.
Heat accelerates the process.
Heat accelerates their aging.
Heat according to package directions or until heated through and zucchini is crisp-tender.
Heat accounts for burns, sweating, erythema and telangiectasia.
Heat activates only the sprinkler closest to the fire.
Heat activates the formula.
Heat actually is mechanical energy - it is cause moving particles.
Heat adds energy.
Heat adversely affects the power factor of most dielectric materials.
Heat advise outside little photo scanners.
Heat affects a lot of electronic equipment.
Heat affects evaporation.
Heat affects humans in the same way.
Heat affects matter.
Heat affects particles.
Heat affects physical and mental tasks.
Heat affects precipitation.
Heat affects the enzyme s ability to function.
Heat again goes for the pin.
Heat again is the culprit.
Heat agar in microwave until melted.
Heat aggravates binder hydrolysis.
Heat aggravates the symptoms, and the person often feels worse after bathing.
Heat allows the chemical components of the rock to recombine more easily.
Heat also builds up in wire insulation causing breakdown and failure.
Heat also causes chemical reactions in the engine that form gummy sludges and varnishes.
Heat also controls viscosity of the gyro flotation fluids.
Heat also damages yin if it is long-standing.
Heat also delivers in terms of the mere feel and pace of the film.
Heat also destroys the sensitive oils, such as almond, walnut and other fancy ones.
Heat also destroys the toxin.
Heat also disinfects the area by eliminating most bacteria, odors and fungi.
Heat also enters the house through unshaded glass areas.
Heat also evaporates moisture from the metal facilitating oxidation.
Heat also flows in all directions unless channeled controlled or directed.
Heat also hastens flavor loss.
Heat also helps denature the proteins.
Heat also helps to draw out an infection.
Heat also improves circulation by causing blood vessels to dilate.
Heat also increases lubricity of the bead against the rim to facilitate creep.
Heat also is good for hot water and it dries our clothes.
Heat also is recovered from the engines in a closed loop hot water supply system.
Heat also kills the live enzymes necessary for digestion.
Heat also leaves the pot via radiation.
Heat also moves from warmer blood vessels to cooler ones.
Heat also moves through unshaded glass areas.
Heat also prepares tissue to be stretched by making the area more pliable.
Heat also reduces stiffness and increases movement.
Heat also reduces the lubricating abilities of petroleum ATF, causing increased wear.
Heat also reduces the volume, concentrating the stained yeast.
Heat also relaxes muscle spasm around inflamed joints.
Heat alters properties.
Heat ameliorates the pain.
Heat applies more pressure.
Heat attracts the fleas to the water and they drown.
Heat badly stresses trees in two main ways.
Heat bakes the page, and it gives off a tempting scent.
Heat bakes the protective oils out of most hardwoods and weakens adhesive bonds.
Heat bears down on the stadium.
Heat beats upon the plains.
Heat becomes deadly when it pushes the body beyond it's limits.
Heat becomes energy.
Heat becomes thermal energy.
Heat bombards the roof all day long, but the roof is also the most difficult to shade.
Heat breaks down Aspartame.
Heat breaks down cellulose.
Heat breaks down proteins.
Heat breaks down stingray venom and limits the amount of damage it can do.
Heat breaks down the complex sugars.
Heat breaks it down rather quickly, as do digestive chemicals.
Heat breaks oil down.
Heat breaks up protein bonds.
Heat breaks weak bonds by raising kinetic energy of bombarding solvent molecules.
Heat brings blood to the area and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings blood to the area of the operation and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings blood to the area of the surgery and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings blood to the area or the surgery and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings blood to the incision area and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings blood to the injured area and helps it heal faster.
Heat brings more blood to an already inflamed area and increases the swelling.
Heat brings nutrients to the area and ice helps reduce swelling and inflammation.
Heat brings out the novel color and best form.
Heat brings short-term relief, followed by increased swelling in the area.
Heat build up during intense exercise also interferes with maximum muscle function.
Heat build up from the engine and blower discharge can overheat people and equipment.
Heat build up in the transducer is the other safety concern.
Heat Build Up.
Heat builds as the rock particles are pushed deeper into the Earth's crust.
Heat builds quickly inside a vehicle.
Heat builds up in the collector, and as the fluid passes through the tubes, it heats up.
Heat builds up quickly in supersmall devices, significantly affecting their performance.
Heat builds up rapidly in a stationary truck.
Heat builds up rapidly in a stationary vehicle.
Heat builds up rapidly in a stationery vehicle.
Heat builds, and soon the kindling is licked by dancing orange-red tongues of fire.
Heat burns metal and there is little rest.
Heat burns the grass to nothing.
HEAT burns the oil, cooks the seals and causes early wear of bands, bushes and clutches.
Heat can accelerate the process.
Heat can affect anyone.
Heat can affect the natural surroundings.
Heat can affect the temper of the metal and weaken the tool.
Heat can affect tire tread bonding.
Heat can affect transmission fluid by making it thinner and less effective.
Heat can age the nylon and separate it from the special backing.
Heat can also be a problem for llamas.
Heat can also be damaging to natural products.
Heat can also break apart gravity and as such is an important factor in uniform randomization.
Heat can also cause expensive livestock and crop losses and damage to roads, railways, bridges etc.
Heat can also deform the contact mounting in the photocontrol receptacle.
Heat can also destroy a fragrance so keep it from extreme temperatures.
Heat can also increase ozone formation.
Heat can also relax muscles and relieve pain, but it makes swelling worse by stimulating blood flow.
Heat can also travel along a material as one molecule transfers energy to a neighboring one.
Heat can be a concern in space applications since there is no convection cooling.
Heat can be a reactant or product too.
Heat can be appropriate to relax simple muscle spasms or cramps.
Heat can be beneficial.
Heat can be delivered as top heat or bottom heat, however, a combination of the two is best.
Heat can be especially deadly in large urban areas that can become heat islands.
Heat can be harder on dogs than it is on wives and domestic tranquillity.
Heat can be helpful.
Heat can be painful.
Heat can be that way - oppressive.
Heat can be very effective during the subacute and chronic stages on an injury.
Heat can break down or melt components of the shoe.
Heat can break down the tape and grip compound leading to a shortened grip life.
Heat can bring more problems for counselors - and courts.
Heat can build up in such areas and pose a fire danger.
Heat can build up quickly to the point where curtains and furnishings can ignite.
Heat can buildup quickly in a closed car.
Heat can cause blue screens of death, hardware failure, system crashes, and lock-ups.
Heat can cause emission of highly toxic fumes.
Heat can cause hazardous polymerization.
Heat can cause itching.
Heat can cause leather to shrink, crack, etc., just as with a fine pair of shoes or boots.
Heat can cause natural leather to crack and age prematurely.
Heat can cause partial or complete destruction of the skin and underlying issues.
Heat can cause polymerisation.
Heat can cause polymerization.
Heat can cause some trims to melt and cold can cause some to become brittle.
Heat can cause the double bonds to form a ring .
Heat can cause the double bonds to form a ring.
Heat can cause the gas to expand and overflow.
Heat can cause the plastic sheathing to oxidize and discolor the plastic within.
Heat can cause the plastic to cling and damage the object.
Heat can cause things to move and change.
Heat can change the character, aroma and flavor of the wine.
Heat can come from external and internal sources.
Heat can crack oil paintings.
Heat can curl the aclar sometimes.
Heat can damage condoms.
Heat can damage guitars.
Heat can damage or destroy materials such as written and printed matter.
Heat can damage pewter items.
Heat can damage the condom.
Heat can damage the finish as well.
Heat can damage the hearing aid amplifier and can cause batteries to deteriorate.
Heat can damage the varnish and cause serious cracks among other things.
Heat can damage the varnish finish and cause serious cracks in the wood.
Heat can decrease the potency of the herb or spice.
Heat can destroy lubricants and oil seals, which ultimately leads to gear failure.
Heat can destroy or alter drug ingredients.
Heat can destroy tissue.
Heat can do work.
Heat can double that amount.
Heat can easily cause irritation.
Heat can embrittle and discolor textiles.
Heat can enlarge masonry cracks and expose flammable materials in a home.
Heat can escape where insulation is inadequate.
Heat can even alter the fragrance composition of certain candles.
Heat can even radiate up from the hot street on a summer day.
Heat can exhaust even the healthiest people.
Heat can harm the camera and film.
Heat can harm the camera and the film.
Heat can help relieve joint pain.
Heat can help.
Heat can ignite dry wood, fuel, tarpaulins, and other flammable material.
Heat can increase edema.
Heat can increase shelf life by temporarily sterilizing food.
Heat can kill a dog even if it's only for a matter of a few minutes.
Heat can kill in a matter of minutes.
Heat can kill unwanted plants.
Heat can kill.
Heat can make a usually calm dog irritable and aggressive.
Heat can make any remaining skunk smell last longer.
Heat can make electricity.
Heat can make gerbils noticably lethargic, so shade is important.
Heat can make hamsters slow and unwilling to do anything.
Heat can make suet rancid and unhealthy for birds.
Heat can matter, too.
Heat can modulate pain through two methods, vascular changes and neurological changes.
Heat can move by conduction, convection and by radiation.
Heat can move from one object to another by conduction .
Heat can move from one object to another by conduction.
Heat can move from one object to another, from the sun to the earth and to people.
Heat can move in one of three ways.
Heat can move through convection.
Heat can of beef broth in microwave or in saucepan on range until hot.
Heat can only dissipate in one direction from an edge, making it much easier to burn through.
Heat can only move from warmer temperatures to cooler temperatures.
Heat can originate from hot water circulated through pipes mounted on the walls.
Heat can pass through some materials, particularly metals, very easily.
Heat can penetrate certain materials faster than fumigant gases.
Heat can penetrate the skin and damage connective tissues and fibers.
Heat can permanently damage or destroy devices.
Heat can permanently set protein stains.
Heat can range from medium to hot.
Heat can reduce a dog's appetite and therefore, canines tend to eat lightly during hot spells.
Heat can reduce muscle spasms, reduce joint stiffness, and make soft tissue more limber.
Heat can relax muscles and ease spasms, as well as encourage circulation in the body.
Heat can ruin a condom.
Heat can ruin the emulsion.
Heat can seriously hamper mission requirements to accomplish complex tasks.
Heat can set some stains.
Heat can shorten the life of a processor and negatively affects performance.
Heat can shorten the life of a tire.
Heat can shrink the fabric, so hanging to dry is recommended.
Heat can temporarily worsen symptoms.
Heat can transfer by conduction.
Heat can transfer by radiation.
Heat can travel only by radiation, conduction, or convection.
Heat can treat large areas, small areas, or entire structures with a single application.
Heat can warp the doll.
Heat can warp, damage and greatly accelerate the deterioration of library materials.
Heat can weaken preservatives.
Heat can weaken the medium that binds the magnetic oxide particles to the tape.
Heat caramelizes the tomato paste into a deep brown color.
Heat causes a desire to bathes.
Heat causes a desire to swims.
Heat causes a fusion of the zinc and copper.
Heat causes a substance to expand.
Heat causes adverse effects.
Heat causes adverse health effects.
Heat causes air in the bottle to expand.
Heat causes air movement.
Heat causes air particles to expand, lowering how densely it is packed, thus lowering the pressure.
Heat causes batter to bubble throughout the top facing of the pancake.
Heat causes blobs to form and float up.
Heat causes body temperature.
Heat causes compost temperature.
Heat causes current.
Heat causes damage.
Heat causes decay.
Heat causes dehydration.
Heat causes effects.
Heat causes electrons to bounce around.
Heat causes evaporation to happen more quickly.
Heat causes evaporation.
Heat causes expansion and rising of sea floor.
Heat causes expansion and that always opens the possibility for rubbing or wear.
Heat causes expansion because it increases the vibrations of a material's atoms or molecules.
Heat causes expansion, so when one side of the board is warmer than the other, it bends.
Heat causes expansion.
Heat causes feet to swell, and sweat, both of which contribute to blistering.
Heat causes fires.
Heat causes growth.
Heat causes health effects.
Heat causes heat.
Heat causes ink to cure faster to a harder finish essentially accelerating the aging effect.
Heat causes irritation.
Heat causes many problems, resulting in poorly cut lumber and shorter blade life.
Heat causes milk to curdle if applied too long.
Heat causes molecules of the material to vibrate.
Heat causes most chemical reactions to accelerate.
Heat causes movement.
Heat causes muscles to relax and swell.
Heat causes oil in the asphalt to come to the surface.
Heat causes pain.
Heat causes pansies to become leggy and lose most of their bloom.
Heat causes pansies to stretch and get leggy.
Heat causes pressure.
Heat causes rubber to deteriorate over time, so dispersing heat increases tire life.
Heat causes rubber to deteriorate over time, so dispersing heat increases tire.
Heat causes rubber to expand and weaken.
Heat causes sequins to melt and curl in.
Heat causes skins to slip away from the flesh.
Heat causes smearing when cutting metals which leads to burrs.
Heat causes substances.
Heat causes temperature.
Heat causes the blossoms to drop off.
Heat causes the fluid to move away from the object.
Heat causes the latex to break down, causing pin-hole size openings.
Heat causes the leafy plants to wilt.
Heat causes the membrane to contract and toughen.
Heat causes the oil in the asphalt to come to the surface.
Heat causes the primer to weaken.
Heat causes unpleasant color shifts.
Heat changes a body to which it is added.
Heat changes clearances, expansion and contraction due to heat build up during operation.
Heat changes energy.
Heat changes fine tolerances.
Heat changes internal energy.
Heat changes the pigments associated to red and destroys their binding.
Heat changes the properties of water.
Heat changes the toxic free gossypol to the less toxic protein bound gossypol.
Heat changes water from a liquid to a gas.
Heat cherries through and add the sugar.
Heat circulates all around the food so it cooks quicker and browns evenly.
Heat coloring Titanium can be heat colored with a small torch or kiln.
Heat colors the tongue coating a dull white or yellow color.
Heat combines with excessive humidity.
Heat combines with humidity.
Heat comes .
Heat comes and goes with the volcanic dyspepsia under the ridge.
Heat comes from a water heater and water-filled pan aided by a hose and float, much like a toilet.
Heat comes from current.
Heat comes from electrical current.
Heat comes from gas stoves and plumbing is out back.
Heat comes from liberal application of black pepper.
Heat comes from single sources.
Heat comes from sources.
Heat comes from the ceiling.
Heat comes from unvented woodstoves.
Heat comes in and there is an increase in the potential energy of the molecules.
Heat comes into play a little bit later.
Heat comes on after sleep.
Heat comes out the top and can be used for cooking or space heating.
Heat comes through wherever there's a contact point in a stainless steel pot.
Heat comes up from the spine, palpitations with anxiety, patient craves cold, iced drinks.
Heat concentrates on the hillside as it rises off the burning brush or trees.
Heat conducts from the core to surrounding rock.
Heat consists of random motion and the vibrations of atoms, molecules, and ions.
Heat continues to shorten the crop here and in other areas of the South.
Heat contributes to instability.
Heat converts gases.
Heat converts the former into the latter acid.
Heat cooking oil thoroughly in frying pan, add sugar and melt over low heat.
Heat cooks the magnetism out of magnets, and liquefaction melts it away.
Heat cramps Heavy sweating and painful spasms, usually in the legs or abdomen.
Heat cramps Painful spasms usually in muscles of legs and abdomen possible.
Heat cramps symptoms.
Heat creams together until steaming.
Heat created by running the air conditioning is used to warm the water in the pool.
Heat created externally is transfered to water in a steam generating unit or boiler.
Heat creates a chemical change in the furniture finish which can result in a white spot.
Heat creates a chemical change in the furniture finish, which can result in a white spot.
Heat creates impact.
Heat creates light.
Heat creates requirements.
Heat cures the rubber and forms a waffle pattern.
Heat damages hair shafts.
Heat damages shafts.
Heat damages the blood network vessels.
Heat damages the spring flower embryo.
Heat darkens the vinyl.
Heat dates, coconut and half and half in saucepan over medium heat.
Heat decomposes the remains quickly.
Heat decreases drug resistance to chemotherapy of cancerous tissue.
Heat delivers energy.
Heat denatures all enzymes.
Heat denatures the protein.
Heat denatures the proteolytic enzyme and prevents autolysis.
Heat depends on factors.
Heat depends on phases.
Heat derives from oxidation.
Heat describes the transfer of energy from a warmer body to a cooler body.
Heat destroys enzymes, so avoid mixing directly into hot food.
Heat destroys essential fatty acids.
Heat destroys folic acid.
Heat destroys influenza, so it's also wise to thoroughly cook duck meat.
Heat destroys magnetism.
Heat destroys many nutrients, particularly enzymes.
Heat destroys nutrients.
Heat destroys or neutralizes hydrogen peroxide, lessening the benefits to our body.
Heat destroys the active ingredients.
Heat destroys the activity of many vitamins and enzymes.
Heat destroys the activity of many vitamins, enzymes and phytonutrients.
Heat destroys the activity of vitamins and enzymes, but costs less to manufacture.
Heat destroys the benefits of the raw product.
Heat destroys the dielectric, and burns the capacitor out.
Heat destroys the elements that have antibiotic properties.
Heat destroys the flow of blood to the tumor.
Heat destroys the toxin.
Heat destroys the vital body of the plant and leaves only the mineral part.
Heat detect and breed animals throughout the next five days.
Heat deteriorates hosiery and misshapes bras, so air-dry whenever possible.
Heat deteriorates insulation.
Heat determines the amount of molecular action.
Heat diffuses the dye onto specially treated paper.
Heat dilates blood vessels so the veins are more visible after hot showers or baths.
Heat dilates blood vessels to increase blood flow to sore or damaged tissue.
Heat disperses into the environment as a candle is burned.
Heat dissipates through the disk.
Heat dissipates via a process called convection.
Heat distorts cars as they drive on Boulder Highway.
Heat does funny things to electronics.
Heat does help to relax the surrounding muscles and ice can help to relieve the pain and swelling.
HEAT does just that, paying for playing.
Heat does several things to the body.
Heat dramatically lowers serotonin levels because serotonin is used up trying to cool down the body.
Heat draws the natural moisture out of the hide and can cause the skins to crack or become ashy.
Heat drives current.
Heat drives meat s juices from the surface when it cooks.
Heat drives meat's juices from the surface when it cooks.
Heat drives weather and increased heat means increased turbulence in the atmosphere.
Heat drying is a high-energy user.
Heat drying is advised to make drying time shorter.
Heat drying is effecfive in killing ticks.
Heat drying is essential.
Heat ducts direct warm air to rear-seat passengers' feet.
Heat ducts direct warm air to rear-seat passenger's feet.
Heat Dutch over or heavy cooking pot with olive oil.
Heat ebbs and flows from different topic areas.
Heat emboss the entire design from beneath to give it a glassy look.
Heat encourages bacteria, fungi and viruses to grow.
Heat ends up being the energy contained in atoms as they vibrate back and forth within an object.
Heat enhances the process.
Heat enlarges blood vessels, increasing blood in the area.
Heat enters the atmosphere from the sun as solar radiation.
Heat equals horsepower up to a point.
Heat escapes every time the lid is removed, increasing cooking time and the chances of flare-ups.
Heat escaping through a roof can cause snow to melt.
Heat exaserpates a break- down.
Heat exchanging with river water or raw water is preferable.
Heat excites molecules.
Heat exists as the nemesis of all electronics.
Heat expands the beam driving the actuator forward, closing the contacts.
Heat expands, melts, makes thing boil, sets things on fire.
Heat extends the life of components dramatically.
Heat facilitates the formation of ground level ozone - a primary ingredient of urban smog.
Heat favors elimination.
Heat feeds the urgency of the water in the sky.
Heat feels so good after coming in from the cold.
Heat fixing of the slides upon which the samples are collected appears to destroy the structures.
Heat flow in a small wire.
Heat flow through an external wall of composite materials.
Heat flow through an external wall of uniform material of given thickness.
Heat flow through nanobridges.
Heat flow through the toe of the Barbados accretionary complex.
Heat flows between the system and surroundings until the two are at the same temperature.
Heat flows from a region of higher temperature to a region of lower temperature.
Heat flows from a warmer to a cooler body, except in the case of a cat, all heat flows to the cat.
Heat flows from heat sources to heat sinks in an energy system.
Heat flows from higher to lower temperature.
Heat flows from hot to cold.
Heat flows from hotter body to a colder body.
Heat flows from regions.
Heat flows from the hot end to the cool end of the rod via conduction.
Heat flows from the ice cream ingredients to the melting ice.
Heat flows from the liquid metal to the heat-extracting conveyor belt.
Heat flows from the metal into the cold water.
Heat flows from the negative temperature system towards the positive temperature system.
Heat flows from the occupants to the cool ceiling and into the water bags, where it is stored.
Heat flows from the point of higher temperature to one of lower temperature.
Heat flows from the system to the surroundings.
Heat flows from the warm blood to the cold blood, so little of it is carried down the feet.
Heat flows from the warmer to the cooler object until they are both at the same temperature.
Heat flows from warm things to cooler things.
Heat flows from warm to cold.
Heat flows naturally from a warmer to a cooler material or space.
Heat flows naturally from a warmer to a cooler space.
Heat flows naturally from hot to cold.
Heat flows out toward the surface by photon radiation or convection.
Heat flows solely from hot objects to cold objects.
Heat flows spontaneously from a hot object to a cold object.
Heat flows through a window much the same way.
Heat flows through wire.
Heat flows to colder objects regardless if they are up, down or through the walls.
Heat follows the path of least resistance.
Heat forces the aromatic properties to break up and vaporize too rapidly.
Heat freezes niche evolution.
Heat frying pan with oil, add onions.
Heat frying pan, add oil, garlic.
Heat frying pan, add olive oil and ginger root.
Heat fuse the underside of the top flap with the top side of the adjoining material.
HEAT GAIN .
Heat generally relieves sore muscles .
Heat generated by a caver is probably the most common cause of bat disturbance underground.
Heat generated by a device is a direct result of the power it consumes.
Heat generated by active aerobic fermentation also effects evaporation.
Heat generated by an ultrasonic scaler can cause severe damage to the tooth and periodontal support.
Heat generated by radioactive decay and gravitational friction keeps part of the mantle soft.
Heat generated by the exothermic reactions is used for smelting the charge.
Heat generated by the microwaves kill termites.
Heat generated in the process is used to produce steam which is used elsewhere in the plant.
Heat generates zillions of neutrinos.
Heat gets into the ice and changes it from a solid to a liquid.
Heat give off light.
Heat given off by the compost allows the grubs to remain active the entire year.
Heat given up by condensation on a snowpack accelerates snowmelt.
Heat gives a soft curl just as moisture straightens the ostrich fronds.
Heat gives their conflict a further sense of inevitability.
Heat goes into a substance, the temperature goes up - that's one way it can work.
Heat goes into the solid as it sublimates.
Heat goes into tropics, and therefore tropical rainforests.
Heat goes off the air.
Heat goes on in winter.
Heat goes to cold.
Heat handi, add oil, allow to smoke a bit.
HEAT has a point system called degrees.
Heat has no mass .
Heat has no mass.
Heat has properties.
Heat has substance.
Heat hastens the body s activities.
Heat Have an alternate heat source.
Heat Have blankets, sleeping bags and extra clothes, including hats.
Heat Have extra blankets, coats, hats, and gloves to keep warm.
Heat heats up.
HEAT help desk support solutions.
Heat helps by soothing muscles and increases blood supply.
Heat helps decrease pain and muscle spasms.
Heat helps heal.
Heat helps relieve pain.
Heat helps remove grease or wax faster also.
Heat helps separate the curds from the liquid whey.
Heat helps the body to remove debris from the injury site.
Heat helps to activate drying processes depending on oxydation.
Heat helps to break the grease up.
Heat helps to relax aching muscles.
Heat helps to relax muscles around the joint.
Heat helps wounds heal.
Heat inactivate mut proteins.
Heat inactivate the enzyme when complete.
Heat inactivates the avidin and most eggs are served cooked.
Heat increases blood flow through the tissues.
Heat increases blood flow to the area and promotes healing.
Heat increases blood flow to the deep tissues, whereas ice acts as a local anesthetic.
Heat increases blood flow to warm and relax soft tissues.
Heat increases blood flow warming and relaxing soft tissues.
Heat increases blood flow, which makes wounds less likely to become infected.
Heat increases blood supply to the affected part, speeding healing.
Heat increases blood supply, which enhances the healing process.
Heat increases energy.
Heat increases evaporation.
Heat increases metabolism in the cells and also resolution blood flow through the tissue.
Heat increases temperature.
Heat increases the bleeding in the injured tissues.
Heat increases the blood flow to an injury and can worsen swelling.
Heat increases the elasticity and decreases the viscosity of connective tissue.
Heat increases the formation of oxides, which are also essential to a good low friction film.
Heat increases the kinetic energy of the system.
Heat increases the leaching of lead into water.
Heat increases the moisture-holding ability of the air.
Heat increases the process, excessive heat- shrinkage curl, brittleness of substrate.
Heat increases to a certain point, and then the whole system breaks down.
Heat increases water usage and can result in overcharging.
Heat induces chemical reaction.
Heat induces reaction.
Heat initiates the amaryllis bloom, while light affects the quality of the bloom.
Heat intensifies pleasurably with moisture or friction.
Heat intensifies the flavor so cooked apricots are a delicious treat.
Heat involves the transfer of energy between two objects due to a temperature difference.
HEAT is a balloon-borne superconducting magnetic spectrometer.
Heat is a battery's worst enemy.
Heat is a big cause of problems with computers.
Heat is a bigger concern.
Heat is a bigger factor at the Australian Open than anywhere else.
Heat is a by-product of composting.
Heat is a byproduct of creating the energy needed to do the work.
Heat is a by-product of light production.
HEAT is a call tracking and problem resolution system.
Heat is a combination of oil, gas, and electric baseboard.
Heat is a combination of temperature and the number of particles.
Heat is a computers undeniable worst enemy.
Heat is a concept often confused with temperature.
Heat is a dynamic energy, meaning it only makes sense to call it heat when it is being transferred.
Heat is a factor early in the season.
Heat is a form of chaos, because heat means random movement.
Heat is a form of chaos.
Heat is a form of energy also known as thermal energy.
Heat is a form of energy and hot molecules are energetic molecules.
Heat is a form of energy and thus is measured in Joules.
Heat is a form of energy arising from the random motion of molecules.
Heat is a form of energy as it is transferred due to a temperature difference.
Heat is a form of energy associated with the positions and motion of the molecules of a body.
Heat is a form of energy called thermal energy.
Heat is a form of energy that always flows from a hotter surface to a colder surface.
Heat is a form of energy that can be thought of as motion or vibration or activity.
Heat is a form of energy that can be trasferred to other objects.
Heat is a form of energy that can flow from a warmer object to a colder object.
Heat is a form of energy that flows from one thing to another.
Heat is a form of energy tranfered from an object to another, measured in joules.
Heat is a form of energy, and is most commonly measured in calories or joules .
Heat is a form of energy, temperature is a measure of the amount of that energy present in a body.
Heat is a form of energy.
Heat is a form of entropy in a biological system.
Heat is a form of kinetic energy related to the vibration of atoms.
Heat is a form of kinetic energy.
Heat is a form of light invisible to our eyes, but detectable with our skin.
Heat is a hot water system with pipes running through the cement floors.
Heat is a killer.
Heat is a leading PC killer.
Heat is a major killer of computer components.
Heat is a major problem with all computers.
Heat is a major villain in the PC world.
Heat is a major wear factor.
Heat is a manifestation of energy.
Heat is a measure of how much thermal energy is transmitted from one body to another.
Heat is a measure of kinetic energy .
Heat is a measure of the kinetic energy of particles of matter.
Heat is a measure of the quantity of heat energy present in a body.
HEAT is a measure of the thermal energy content of a system.
Heat is a measure of the total kinetic energy due to molecular motion in any body of matter.
Heat is a measurement of some of the energy in a substance.
Heat is a measurement of the total energy in a substance.
Heat is a measurement of transferable energy.
Heat is a method of energy transfer from a hot object to a cold one.
Heat is a natural biproduct of work.
Heat is a nonchemical option for whole-structure treatments.
Heat is a non-issue with the card.
Heat is a notorious enemy of electronic components, and so is humidity.
Heat is a nuisance.
Heat is a pathogen that comes from outside the body.
Heat is a phenomenon involving whole atoms.
HEAT is a place where all game fanatics can feel at home.
HEAT is a place where writers and critics and readers meet as equals.
Heat is a potentially deadly natural hazard in the Grand Canyon.
Heat is a primary byproduct of movement.
Heat is a problem for any spacecraft that close to the sun.
Heat is a problem in our part of the country and comfort of the llamas is of the utmost concern.
Heat is a problem.
Heat is a protein's enemy.
Heat is a secondary course of treatment because it increases blood flow to an injury.
Heat is a sort of thinking man's cops and robbers tale.
Heat is a substance of general matter and is released by internal Pressure.
Heat is a substance.
Heat is a term used for toxins, whereas warmth denotes a more normal metabolism.
Heat is a total of kinetic energy of atoms, ions or molecules.
Heat is a transfer of energy.
Heat is a transfer of internal energy.
Heat is a transmission killer.
Heat is a type of energy created by the vibration and collision of atoms and molecules.
Heat is a valuable aid in restoring blood flow, after the swelling has gone down.
Heat is a very effective means of killing tissue.
Heat is a very important thing to learn.
Heat is a very low-quality form of energy compared to chemical energy.
Heat is a very pleasing therapy for pain sufferers.
Heat is a well-known factor in reducing men's sperm count.
Heat is a wood stove.
Heat is absorbed and transmitted faster than the porous lava rock which holds heat in gas cavities.
Heat is absorbed as bonds break.
Heat is absorbed as water changes to a less ordered state.
Heat is absorbed by hot water.
Heat is absorbed by structures.
Heat is absorbed by surfaces.
Heat is absorbed by the air instead of being transferred to output, and efficiency falls.
Heat is absorbed by water.
Heat is absorbed causing the coolant to boil.
Heat is absorbed from outside sources.
Heat is absorbed in processes such as melting, sublimation, and evaporation.
Heat is absorbed in the concrete floor mass through the red quarry tile.
Heat is absorbed in the melting process - the latent heat of fusion.
Heat is absorbed to convert the liquid to a less ordered form.
Heat is absorbed until all the ice is melted.
Heat is active energy and cold is the absence of energy.
Heat is added and the temperature of the water increases.
Heat is added by mixing fuel with the compressed air and igniting the mixture. .
Heat is added in the process of distillation which extracts a pure liquid .
Heat is added in the process of distillation which extracts a pure liquid.
Heat is added slowly to the system over a very small Temperature range.
Heat is added to an ideal gas and the gas expands.
Heat is added to drive out impurities.
Heat is added to melt ice, and heat is given off when water solidifies back into ice.
Heat is added to raise the balloon, which descends as the air inside cools.
Heat is added to the air when water condenses from vapor into the liquid phase.
Heat is added.
Heat is additive.
Heat is all year round, though there are more births during both dry seasons.
Heat is almost always a result of energy transfer.
Heat is almost always destructive.
Heat is also a factor which can also cause buttons to bend or crack.
Heat is also a factor.
Heat is also due to increased blood flow and greater local cellular metabolism.
Heat is also very comforting.
Heat is always a problem for electronics and most heat comes from the power supplies on cd players.
Heat is amplified by the flight line surface.
Heat is an enemy because it causes things to expand or respond differently to electricity.
Heat is an enemy because it causes things to expand or to respond differently to electricity.
Heat is an enemy of batteries.
Heat is an entity.
Heat is an environmentally friendly tool used to eradicate insects and fungal attack.
Heat is an essential part of all living things.
Heat is an even worse enemy of prints.
Heat is an important factor when making a custard.
Heat is an interesting form of energy.
Heat is an issue.
Heat is another important factor.
Heat is another killer that people often underestimate.
Heat is another matter.
Heat is another method of paint removal.
Heat is another option.
Heat is another problem.
Heat is another word for thermal energy .
Heat is appied to enable liquefaction.
Heat is applied and the heated water is forced up through the coffee into the upper chamber.
Heat is applied at the evaporator end and is removed at the condenser end.
Heat is applied by specially designed heat presses.
Heat is applied by the pressurized, steam filled circular steel or cast iron dryer drums.
Heat is applied carefully with attention to the chemical and physical changes in the leaf.
Heat is applied precisely, allowing the jeweler to manipulate the molecular structure of the metal.
Heat is applied through the tube wall into the water causing it to evaporate or boil off.
Heat is applied to a metal drum to melt the wax onto paper.
Heat is applied to pieces to be joined to form a permanent bond.
Heat is applied to such high temperatures that the atomic structure of the material is altered.
Heat is applied to the frozen product to accelerate sublimation.
Heat is applied to the generator, which contains a solution of ammonia water, rich in ammonia.
Heat is applied to the part either by convection or infra-red.
Heat is applied to the still or alembic.
Heat is applied to vapourise some of the solution.
Heat is as fire.
Heat is as much an enemy as the opposing mechs.
Heat is atomic motion.
Heat is atomic or molecular motion.
Heat is available here .
HEAT is available in each room only when the central heat plant is supplying steam to the building.
Heat is bad.
Heat is better for muscle injuries.
Heat is but the motion of atoms, a simple oscillation of the particles of a body.
Heat is by means of modern, electric room heaters.
Heat is by wood burner.
Heat is capable of doing work.
Heat is capable of thin ice.
Heat is captured from outdoor air, compressed, and released inside.
Heat is captured from the outside air and transferred into the home.
Heat is carried within the heat pipe by evaporation and condensation of a fluid.
Heat is caused by friction.
Heat is caused by molecules moving.
Heat is caused by vibrations of the atoms and molecules of substances.
Heat is cheaper and far more simple to store for subsequent use.
Heat is circulated by convection - a principle which provides even heat in a room with no blowers.
Heat is collected in the focal point of a mirror.
Heat is conducted along the bar to each liquid.
Heat is conducted at different rates along rods made of different metals.
Heat is conducted away before paper can light.
Heat is conducted by the matrix and carried by the vapors.
Heat is conducted differently in various minerals according to their crystal system.
Heat is conducted directly to the intraperitoneal abominal and posterior parietal structures.
Heat is conducted through the metal and out into the air.
Heat is conducted through the thin layer to the surface very quickly.
Heat is conserved in our tranfer process.
Heat is considered our nation's number one weather-related killer.
Heat is considered to have an effect on how particles move.
Heat is controllable with an adjustable draft.
Heat is converted into gravitational potential energy.
Heat is cooled.
Heat is created and valuable nutrients are consumed during the reaction.
Heat is created by fire.
Heat is created in the melting process the latent reaction of fusion.
Heat is dangerous for everyone, especially elderly and the very young.
Heat is dazed.
Heat is dedicated to serving the freshest fish possible.
Heat is defined and the mechanical equivalent of heat is derived.
Heat is defined as energy transferred as a direct result of temperature difference.
Heat is defined as the transfer of energy between objects due to temperature differences.
Heat is defined as the vibration or movement of molecules within matter.
Heat is definitely a factor.
Heat is definitely the exception.
Heat IS detrimental to egg quality.
Heat is devastating ecosystems from tropical corals to Alaska forests.
Heat is developed in both plants and animals.
Heat is difficult for some students .
Heat is dispersed away from the patient through the open glare free reflector.
Heat is dissipated by vasodilation, increased peripheral blood flow, and sweating.
Heat is dissipated by water held in the pore spaces.
Heat is dissipated from the body via the circulatory system.
Heat is dissipated from the transformer by conduction, radiation, and convection.
Heat is dissipated in the middle channel.
Heat is dissipated through the large copper terminals.
Heat is dissipated, degraded energy lost to space as primordial wealth accumulates.
Heat is distributed from the warm tropics to the cold poles by means of air and water circulation.
Heat is distributed in liquid as well.
Heat is distributed throughout the Outlast micro-thermal material, reducing cold spots.
Heat is distributed throughout the troposphere by conduction and convection.
Heat is distributed to each room through copper tubes.
Heat is distributed to the body through blood pumped from the heart.
Heat is easier to get than work.
Heat is easily adjustable for different materials.
Heat is electric forced air with central air conditioning.
Heat is emitted energy.
Heat is emotionality.
Heat is energy efficient natural gas.
Heat is energy in disorder, and the degree of that disorder is measured as temperature.
Heat is energy in transit from warmer systems to colder systems.
Heat is energy on the move .
Heat is energy on the move.
Heat is energy that is stored within mass and causes the electron shell to spin faster.
Heat is energy that is transferred between two things because of a temperature difference.
Heat is energy transferred between systems at different temperatures.
Heat is energy transferred from one system to another by thermal interaction.
Heat is energy transferred spontaneously from a hotter to a colder system or body.
Heat is energy which can be measured.
Heat is energy which moves from one thing to another .
Heat is energy which moves from one thing to another.
Heat is energy
Heat is energy.
Heat is energy.
Heat is especially bad for eggs.
Heat is especially damaging to audio and video tape.
Heat is essential for healthy indoor living.
Heat is essential to sick birds.
Heat is essential to the burning process.
Heat is essentially motion of atoms and molecules.
Heat is essentially the source of energy.
Heat is even throughout, with none of the hot and cold spots that plague other convection ovens.
Heat is evolved with cement hydration.
Heat is exchanged with the earth by using a buried earth loop and a small circulating pump.
Heat is expelled by condensation of the working fluid at the far end of the heat pipe.
Heat is extracted from air by the outdoor coil.
Heat is extracted from indoor air and transferred to the fresh air stream.
Heat is extracted from the ground, and transferred to the building via the water loop.
Heat is extracted from the heat source in the evaporator.
Heat is extracted from the home's air by the indoor coil.
Heat is extremely damaging to any polyunsaturated oil.
Heat is forced air electric or natural gas with central air conditioning.
Heat is forced air heated by natural gas, no humidity control.
Heat is forced air natural gas with central air conditioning.
Heat is forms of energy.
Heat is from old fashion steam radiators.
Heat is gener- ally the most effective since it kills all types of pests.
Heat is generated as a result of the constant chemical processes within the body.
Heat is generated as current flows through a probe with a built in thermocouple needle.
Heat is generated as the brakes are applied on a moving vehicle.
Heat is generated at much faster rates than it can be conducted out through the mold walls.
Heat is generated biologically through the natural fermentation.
Heat is generated by any hot water source.
Heat is generated by engines.
Heat is generated by fermentation.
Heat is generated by fire.
Heat is generated by friction between the pad and the disk.
Heat is generated by gas, electric, or steam.
Heat is generated by our furnace or heater.
Heat is generated by passing electric current through a furnace within the assembly.
Heat is generated by rocket engines.
Heat is generated by sources.
Heat is generated by steam-pelleted and thermal extrusion feed manufacturing plants.
Heat is generated by the chemical reaction that cures epoxy.
Heat is generated by the electrical current flowing through the wire inside the transformer.
Heat is generated by the friction created when knots are drawn up tight.
Heat is generated by the reaction which can be very violent.
Heat is generated by the reaction which can be violent.
Heat is generated during coating.
Heat is generated from the absorption of solar radiation by oxygen molecules.
Heat is generated from within the compost medium.
Heat is generated if sulfuric acid is dissolved in water.
Heat is generated in direct proportion to the quantity of propellant burned.
Heat is generated in several ways.
Heat is generated in the motor windings.
Heat is generated in the tissues, which conducts to the active electrode.
Heat is generated internally by eccentricity and distributed through conviction .
Heat is generated resistively within the graphite powder by means of an electrical current.
Heat is generated when hardner is mixed with epoxy resins.
Heat is generated with dissociation, which in turn, produces a danger of explosion.
Heat is generated.
Heat is given off by the exothermic hydration reaction and the water undergoes a change in enthalpy.
Heat is given off.
Heat is good.
Heat is harmful to the energy.
Heat is heat.
Heat is helpful when relaxation of the injured area is needed.
Heat is hot.
Heat is important because it is the energy used to do work.
Heat is important in composting, so a sunny location is better than a shady one.
Heat is important to keep our plants alive.
Heat is important, especially if there is an emergency during the winter months.
Heat is important.
Heat is in proportion to the want of true knowledge.
Heat is included in rent.
Heat is included in the fees.
Heat is included in the monthly lease.
Heat is included in the rent.
Heat is included.
Heat is induced by an ar- rest of motion.
Heat is infrared radiation.
Heat is instant, with infinite temperatures.
Heat is intolerable for rabbits.
Heat is intolerable to rabbits.
Heat is just a form of energy.
Heat is just atoms and molecules in motion.
Heat is kinetic energy.
Heat is lifted and rejected at the hot-end heat exchanger, which is also cooled by water.
Heat is light.
Heat is likely a contributing factor.
Heat is likely adequate to maintain a liquid water ocean, and to keep the surface ice thin.
Heat is likely to exchange between matter.
Heat is located in buildings.
Heat is located in ovens.
Heat is located near fire.
Heat is lost and energy is wasted if burner size is larger than pot size.
Heat is lost by radiation to the atmosphere at the surface of the flow.
Heat is lost directly from exposed skin and the head.
Heat is lost from doors being left open and from the poor condition of the windows.
Heat is lost from the body by convection, and the faster air moves the more heat it can remove.
Heat is lost from the body faster than it can be generated by metabolic activity.
Heat is lost from the body in several ways.
Heat is lost from the dryer by conduction through the walls and floor.
Heat is lost from the wind carrying away heat from the surface of the skin.
Heat is lost in proportion to the surface area of the organism.
Heat is lost the same way health is lost, but heat can be regained in various ways.
Heat is lost through surface area.
Heat is lost through the insulation and copper pipes that come out the top.
Heat is made when uranium fissions.
Heat is maintained by means of hot-water bottles.
Heat is measured by using a calorimeter and in units of either calories or British Thermal units.
Heat is measured in calories.
Heat is measured in units of Joules.
Heat is merely one of many flavor components.
Heat is molecular kinetic energy.
Heat is molecules in motion, while cold is their lack of motion.
Heat is more difficult to detect in a jennet than in a mare.
Heat is more difficult.
Heat is more effective at killing pinworms than other methods of drying.
Heat is more effective than other non-chemical methods.
Heat is more of a safety issue than toxicity in terms of personal safety.
Heat is more threatening than flames.
Heat is mostly about character development.
Heat is moved from the engine to the liquid .
Heat is moved from the engine to the liquid.
Heat is moved from the low latitudes by global circulation.
Heat is movement of the molecules within an object, caused by some sort of an energy.
Heat is much cheaper.
Heat is natural gas, provided by several city sources.
Heat is needed only in order to dissolve the sugar quickly.
Heat is needed to kill it.
Heat is no exception.
Heat is nothing other than motive power, or perhaps motive power that has had a change of form.
Heat is obtained through the compression of gasses from the fluids circulated.
Heat is off.
Heat is often more plentiful than light.
Heat is often necessary to maintain and support the body's optimum health.
Heat is oil-fired hot water baseboard.
Heat Is On, completed only one lap.
Heat is one form of disorder or entropy.
Heat is one good way to kill germs, provided they are in boiling water.
Heat is one of the forms of energy.
Heat is one of the major causes of crazing.
Heat is one of the most common end uses that different energy resources provide.
Heat is one of the most lethal weather phenomena.
Heat is only a part of what it emits.
Heat is only one way in which energy can be transferred.
Heat is only perceptible at very high exposures.
Heat is paid for.
Heat is parochial.
Heat is placed at one end and the meat is at the other.
Heat is present in all matter.
Heat is probably an overclocker's worst nightmare.
Heat is probably one of the most frequently used methods for home pain management.
Heat is probably the greatest offender, especially in stallions, bulls, and boars.
Heat is produced as a byproduct of ozone generation.
Heat is produced as the result, as are additional neutrons.
Heat is produced by a heat element and is regulated by a thermostat.
Heat is produced by a silicone chip in the tip of the probe, which then conducts heat to tissue.
Heat is produced by all forms of incandescent lighting.
Heat is produced by current.
Heat is produced by electricity.
Heat is produced by metabolism.
Heat is produced by muscle action and shivering.
Heat is produced by random motions of atoms and molecules.
Heat is produced by rapid involuntary muscular activity when a person is in cold.
Heat is produced by the sun and observed on Earth.
Heat is produced by weather.
Heat is produced every time an electric current flows through a wire.
Heat is produced from heaters and channeled to the treatment area through a system of ducts.
Heat is produced from mazut for four years, followed by a conversion to natural gas.
Heat is produced in proportion to the volume of the organism.
Heat is produced throughout the muscle bulk of the whale when it exercises.
Heat is produced to maintain warmth in the boy.
Heat is produced when a current passes through a wire.
Heat is produced when an electric current is pushed through a poor conductor.
Heat is produced when the sun's rays are absorbed.
Heat is provided by a central heating unit.
Heat is provided by a converted domestic type oil burner.
Heat is provided by a high efficiency forced air gas furnace.
Heat is provided by a shared hot-water system, with one gas boiler per cluster of eight homes.
Heat is provided by a small ceramic heater that works really well.
Heat is provided by a steam generator in the basement.
Heat is provided by boilers or electric panels, none of which depend on electronic controls.
Heat is provided by burning the coke, while the flux lowers the melting point of the gangue.
Heat is provided by central hot water boilers.
Heat is provided by electric boxes on each floor.
Heat is provided by heated coils in the water.
Heat is provided by the burning sulphur.
Heat is provided by two independent forced air furnace systems.
Heat is provided for young chicks by radiant gas brooders, hot water pipes or wall mounted furnaces.
Heat is provided in the guideway to prevent service interruptions due to snow and ice.
Heat is provided to the unit through a circulating hot water system.
Heat is put out.
Heat is races.
Heat is radiated and conducted in all directions, but primarily convected upward.
Heat is radiated away when photons of infrared light are given off by the body.
Heat is radiated back quicker when the shield is no longer reflective.
Heat is radiated from the sun or other heat sources such as a stove.
Heat is radiated from the virtually uninsulated abdomen to the environment.
Heat is radiated into the room by the glowing fire.
Heat is really hard on plants.
Heat is really the transfer of thermal energy.
Heat is recommended for later when swelling is gone.
Heat is recovered from the engines and used to heat the digesters.
Heat is recovered from the exhaust air using a heat exchanger.
Heat is recovered in a boiler by using the hot exhaust gases to produce steam or hot water.
Heat is recovered to the foundry by counter-current water flow through the regenerated sand.
Heat is recovered.
Heat is recycled instead of being dissipated.
Heat is regulated within each room.
Heat is rejected from the cold side to air.
Heat is released and felt intensely.
Heat is released as a result of the microbial activity.
Heat is released as electromagnetic radiation or, in other words, infared waves.
Heat is released as water on the plant freezes.
Heat is released by decomposition reaction.
Heat is released by reaction.
Heat is released only if water vapor condenses.
Heat is released when a vapour condenses.
Heat is released.
Heat is removed by sweating to avoid the dangers of having increased body temperature.
Heat is removed from the air to change water from liquid to a vapor.
Heat is removed from the body when sweat evaporates.
Heat is removed from the pond using the same technology as salt gradient ponds.
Heat is removed from the product display cases and discharged to the outdoors.
Heat is removed from the storage facility and radiated out the collector.
Heat is removed when it is absorbed by the evaporation of the working fluid.
Heat is required for cooking, comfort and many industrial processes.
Heat is required in northern climates where winters are most severe.
Heat is required to change water to vapor.
Heat is required to forge anything.
Heat is required.
Heat is retained and moisture condensed and retained from expired air.
Heat is retained by using a highly efficient insulating blanket that wraps most of the orbiter.
Heat is shut off, and tent is removed.
Heat is simply molecular energy, or, the speed molecules are moving.
HEAT is Simply Powerful.
Heat is something completely different.
Heat is something that is transferred to or from an object.
Heat is something to think about when using a panel.
Heat is something, cold is nothing.
Heat is stored in an animal's volume, but gained or lost across the surface area.
Heat is stored in the hot water tanks, providing domestic hot water and space heating.
Heat is stored in the wall during the day and it radiates into the room at night.
Heat is supplied at the top and made to move downwards to stop any convection within the sample.
Heat is supplied by a wood-burning stove, which is sometimes used for cooking also.
Heat is supplied by an oil-fired hot air system.
Heat is supplied by electric baseboard heaters.
Heat is supplied by water-filled radiators, and forced air units seem almost futuristic.
Heat is supplied from a solar hot water system.
Heat is supplied from below, the earth's core, and escapes through the top, the Earth's surface.
Heat is supplied from electricity that arcs from the graphite electrodes to the metal bath.
Heat is supplied only where and when needed.
Heat is supplied using a system that maintains temperatures based on a simple control mechanism.
Heat is switched upon fan reversal and always directed to the low pressure side of the kiln fans.
Heat is temperature.
Heat is that propels the physical movements in the body apart from the enzymatic reactions.
Heat is the amount of energy that transfers from the hotter object to the colder object.
Heat is the best remedy.
Heat is the big killer here, so keeping the engine and transmission cool is the next priority.
Heat is the biggest killer of automatics.
Heat is the biggest killer of rabbits.
Heat is the byproduct that makes some appliances work, such as an iron, toaster, stove or furnace.
Heat is the combination of the temperature and humidity.
Heat is the enemy of a sniper.
Heat is the enemy of ammo.
Heat is the enemy of any computing device, and Automotive computers are no exception.
Heat is the enemy of batteries.
Heat is the enemy of maximum performance.
Heat is the enemy of nutrition, destroying nutrients and creating toxins.
Heat is the enemy of speakers.
Heat is the enemy of tires, and all day long here, the asphalt absorbs the hot sun.
Heat is the enemy.
Heat is the energy needed to change liquid to a gas .
Heat is the energy of molecular motion.
Heat is the energy of moving molecules.
Heat is the energy of random molecular motion.
Heat is the energy stored inside something.
Heat is the energy that flows between two objects as a result of a difference in temperature.
Heat is the energy transferred to an object and is measured in joules.
Heat is the flow of thermal energy.
Heat is the form of an energy.
Heat is the greatest threat to the lifespan of any computer hardware.
Heat is the issue here.
Heat is the key to decomposition.
Heat is the killer of computers and a buildup of dirt inhibits the cooling of all parts.
Heat is the leading cause of instability.
Heat is the least efficient form of kinetic energy.
Heat is the lowest form of energy.
Heat is the main cause of overclocking failure, so keep it cool.
Heat is the main cause.
Heat is the major problem in engines.
Heat is the major reason for their poor condition.
Heat is the measure of flow of energy.
HEAT is the most common form of energy and is associated with the motion of particles of matter.
Heat is the most likely killer of pet chinchilla's.
Heat is the most practical and effective means to destroy microorganisms.
Heat is the motion of molecules in substances.
Heat is the movement of thermal energy from one object to another.
Heat is the name given to the energy of the randomly moving molecules in matter.
Heat is the number one cause of failures in transmissions.
Heat is the number one factor in premature magnet failure.
Heat is the number one foe of any hardware tweaker.
Heat is the number one weather-related killer.
Heat is the number-one danger for overclockers.
Heat is the primary cause of valve sticking.
Heat is the primary concern.
Heat is the primary mechanism in oil-treating equipment to remove small water droplets from oil.
Heat is the prime stimulus leading to probing and subsequent feeding by tsetse.
Heat is the quantity of energy stored or transferred by thermal vibrations of molecules.
Heat is the quantity of thermal energy that enters or leaves a body.
Heat is the random motion of atoms.
Heat is the real key to changing the color of bronze.
Heat is the real problem, and it is discussed below.
Heat is the reality.
Heat is the result of a chain of events that increase an atoms activity.
Heat is the result of absorption of radiant energy by the receiver.
Heat is the second component.
Heat is the story of two crimes.
Heat is the total amount of energy possessed by the molecules in a piece of matter.
Heat is the total quantity of kinetic energy due to molecular motion.
Heat is the transfer of energy between substances of different temperatures.
Heat is the transfer of energy due to differences in temperature.
Heat is the transfer of energy from a one object to another due to a difference in temperature.
Heat is the transfer of energy from one substance to another.
Heat is the transfer of thermal energy between objects of differing temperature.
Heat is the transfer of thermal energy from a hotter to a colder object.
Heat is the transfer of thermal energy from one object or area to another object or area.
Heat is the ultimate killer in any system and to any system component.
Heat is the up-breath.
Heat is the worst enemy for all engines.
Heat is the worst enemy of FRP exhaust systems.
Heat is their chief commodity, their bread and butter.
Heat is thermal energy associated with temperature-dependent motion of particles.
Heat is thermal energy moving from a warmer object to a cooler object.
Heat is thermal energy that is being transferred between two bodies at different temperatures.
Heat is transfered by conduction.
Heat is transfered by convection by moving currents of a gas or a liquid.
Heat is transfered by convection.
Heat is transfered by radiation through electromagnetic waves.
Heat is transfered by radiation.
Heat is transfered from the steam line to the surrounding ground, including the planting box.
Heat is transferred from a source to a receiver.
Heat is transferred from core areas to flippers and tail to prevent overheating.
Heat is transferred from ocean to atmosphere in the process.
Heat is transferred from one liquid or air supply to another without any actual mixing or contact.
Heat is transferred from outside air or from warm exhaust air.
Heat is transferred from the blood to the wing membrane and is radiated off the surface.
Heat is transferred from the bottom pan to the top.
Heat is transferred from the collector to water in one of two ways.
Heat is transferred from the fire to the smoke by convection.
Heat is transferred from the heatsink material to the cooling water.
Heat is transferred from the hot fluid to the cold fluid stream in a radial direction.
Heat is transferred from the hot surface to the air by conduction.
Heat is transferred from the hot vapor to cooling water.
Heat is transferred from the hot water inside the pipe conduction.
Heat is transferred from the hot water inside the pipe to the cold water outside the pipe.
Heat is transferred from the smoke to the ceiling and the walls by convection.
Heat is transferred from the Sun to the Earth via radiation.
Heat is transferred from the tubes, turning the water in the secondary system to steam.
Heat is transferred into the water.
Heat is transferred or lost by radiation, convection, and conduction.
Heat is transferred outdoors.
Heat is transferred through a heat exchanger.
Heat is transferred through the catheter using a working fluid.
Heat is transferred through the heat exchanger to the plant's nuclear service water system.
Heat is transferred through the rod and eventually the whole rod is hot.
Heat is transferred through the walls of the heat pipes to aluminum radiators atop the pipes.
Heat is transferred to and from matter by the principal energy carriers.
Heat is transferred to the ice cubes until they are at the same temperature as their surroundings .
Heat is transferred to the potable water by way of a heat exchange coil within the storage tank.
Heat is transferred toward the poles by eddies , cyclones , and anticyclones .
Heat is transferred via conduction from a warm block to a cool block.
Heat is transferred when one atom runs into another.
Heat is transmitted by evaporating liquid in the furnace and of the tube.
Heat is transmitted through conduction, convection, and radiation.
Heat is turned off two hours before the fans stop.
Heat is two movies in one.
Heat is used for cooking.
Heat is used later on to relieve muscle tension, promoting relaxation.
Heat is useful for muscle pain.
Heat is usually best for chronic pain.
Heat is very bad.
Heat is very important for snakes.
Heat is very important in cooking.
Heat is wasted power.
Heat is what causes the chipping or cracking.
Heat is what flows from the warmer body to the colder body.
Heat is what's necessary to complete the chemical reaction.
Heat is when outside temp.
Heat is wood and electric.
Heat is work and work is heat.
Heat isa energy.
Heat keeps plates in motion The earth is something like a lava lamp.
Heat kills bacteria.
Heat kills bacteria.
Heat kills cancerous cells on the skin s surface.
Heat kills children in closed cars.
Heat kills everything.
Heat kills germs, so tumble dry items on regular drying cycle.
Heat kills germs.
Heat kills lice.
Heat kills listeria.
Heat kills microorganisms.
Heat kills pets in closed cars.
Heat kills symbiotic bacteria.
Heat kills the bacteria.
Heat kills the enzyme activity.
Heat kills turkeys.
Heat know Illustration by furniture at some lady ice though bless upon a affair.
Heat lasts for various times depending on the individual rat and the environmental factors involved.
Heat leads to less stability.
Heat leaks faster from a cool house than a warm house.
Heat leaves in a little olive oil to make a bay oil salve for arthritis and aches.
Heat leaves the engine via the condenser water.
Heat loosens up the muscles that bind the jaw.
HEAT LOSS .
Heat loving peppers, tomatoes, eggplant, and melons are great candidates for plastic mulch.
Heat lowers the surface tension of the liquid film.
Heat makes blood vessels get larger, called vasodilation .
Heat makes chemicals more volatile and unstable.
Heat makes everyone uptight.
Heat makes injuries feel better, heal faster.
Heat makes it all work better.
Heat makes it soft.
Heat makes matters worse.
Heat makes printed material brittle.
Heat makes runners pay the price.
Heat makes some people instantly depressed.
Heat makes some stains permanent.
Heat makes the balloon rise.
Heat makes the mercury expand and it rises up the tube.
Heat makes the particles move enough to break the pattern.
Heat makes the surface sticky.
Heat makes the tissues tender and allows better blood circulation.
Heat makes water evaporate more quickly since water molecules move faster when they are warm.
Heat mats the hairs and generally breaks down the structure of each bristle.
Heat meanss temperature.
Heat measures energy.
Heat measures the average molecular motion of the water.
Heat moves down the shaft from the turbine toward the compressor, damaging the journal bearings.
Heat moves from a warmer place to a colder place.
Heat moves from areas of higher temperature to areas of lower temperature.
Heat moves from areas.
Heat moves from hot to cold and is transferred most effectively through solids, particularly metals.
Heat moves from one source to another.
Heat moves from warm areas to cool areas.
Heat moves from warm to cold. . .
Heat moves from warm to cool areas.
Heat moves from where there is more of it to where there is less.
Heat moves in one direction.
Heat moves in only three ways, by conduction, convection or radiation.
Heat moves quickly to the center of the food because the crust holds in some of the hot moisture.
Heat moves things and coolness slows things down.
Heat moves through a material at a specific rate.
Heat moves through conduction, convection, and radiation.
Heat moves through different materials at different rates.
Heat moves through liquids and gases by convection.
Heat moves through solids by conduction.
Heat moves through water, which can accelerate heat transfer.
Heat moves two ways through the ground.
Heat naturally flows from areas that are hot to areas that are cold .
Heat naturally flows from areas that are hot to areas that are cold.
Heat naturally flows from the higher temperature to the lower temperature.
Heat naturally flows from warm areas to cool areas until a temperature equilibrium is reached.
Heat naturally goes from hot to cold.
Heat naturally moves from high temperatures to low through metal, wood, water and other materials.
Heat naturally wants to flow from warmer to cooler areas.
Heat needs to be added to the house so the people are comfortable .
Heat needs to be added to the house so the people are comfortable.
Heat needs to be better despersed.
Heat needs to be medium-low.
Heat never moves from a cold object and into a hot object.
Heat never moves from cold to hot.
Heat normally lasts two days, but can last much longer.
Heat normally sedates it.
Heat occurs in environments.
Heat occurs in work environments.
HEAT offers both a free and premium membership service.
Heat oilin a deep pan or use a deep fryer.
Heat only comes in as necessary for diffusion.
Heat only fuels the fire for swelling or inflammation.
Heat opens the pores of porous metals and allows oxidation to lock inside the metal.
Heat opens with a beautifully planned and executed armored car robbery.
Heat passes from warmer to cooler bodies.
Heat passes through an exhaust pipe along the ground between ground beds or beneath benches.
Heat passes through the walls of the tubes to boil water on the outside of the tubes.
Heat passing through the insulators produces a different temperature at each thermocouple.
Heat penetrates muscles.
Heat penetrates through every pore.
Heat plays a major role in chemical reactions, as does the phase of materials.
Heat plays another important function.
Heat poses risk for people of all ages.
Heat preserves in saucepan over low heat until melted.
Heat preserves in small pan until bubbly.
Heat preserves over low heat until warm and brush over chicken.
Heat produced by the digestive process affects deer behavior.
Heat produced by the turbo system cooks the bushings on the passenger side causing failure.
Heat produces motion.
Heat produces products.
Heat produces storms.
Heat producing appliances are clear of combustibles.
Heat producing equipment can generate carbon monoxide.
Heat promotes blood flow, causing greater swelling.
Heat promotes blood flow, causing increased swelling.
Heat promotes growth.
Heat promotes healing because it promotes blood flow.
Heat promotes mold growth.
Heat promotes muscle relaxation.
Heat promotes resin secretion.
Heat promotes secretion.
HEAT provides home winter utility assistance to low-income households.
Heat provides light.
HEAT provides service in areas of high risk law enforcement operations.
Heat provides the energy of motion, so that in such cold, molecules move very slowly.
Heat provides the energy to drive the chemical changes that result in recrystallization of minerals.
Heat provides white light.
Heat Pump A heating and air conditioning unit that heats or cools by moving heat.
Heat pump An electric cooling and heating system.
Heat pump application and theory.
Heat pump capacity and building heat loss for a home in the Ottawa area.
Heat pump compressors failing too often, too fast.
Heat pump cycle components Identify and explain components found in heat pumps.
Heat pump diagnosis and service emphasized.
Heat pump efficiency depends on outdoor temperature.
Heat pump efficiency varies with outdoor temperature.
Heat pump efficiency.
Heat pump in part and electric wall heaters in other portions of house.
Heat pump maintenance and energy savings with, removable debris screens for condenser coils.
Heat pump water heater.
Heat pump water heaters are more efficient than electric resistance units.
Heat pump water heaters use a motor to run a compressor.
Heat pump water heaters, fully dedicated to water heating.
Heat pump with air.
Heat pump with backup gas furnace and fireplace.
Heat pump with central air.
Heat pumps - an opportunity for reducing the greenhouse effect.
Heat pumps and rooftop solar panels reduce energy consumption.
Heat pumps applications.
Heat Pumps Central heat pumps provide both cooling in the summer and heating in the winter.
Heat pumps for heat and air conditioning.
Heat pumps for heating or cooling.
Heat pumps typically use reversing valves to switch from the heating to cooling mode.
Heat pumps work by transferring heat from one place to another.
Heat pumps work by transferring heat from outdoors to inside, like an air conditioner in reverse.
Heat pumps, although more expensive, provide heating in addition to cooling.
Heat pumps, regardless of the type, produce lower temperature air than fossil fuel furnaces.
Heat pumps, their systems and utilization.
Heat puts stress on our body's cooling system.
Heat radiates into the clear night air and the temperature of the car goes down.
Heat radiates out from the surface and collects inside the cooker.
Heat radiates outwards from the Earth's molten core to the surface of the planet.
Heat radiates to the outside of the skin helping to cool the body down.
Heat radiating up from the sand and gravel keep the underside and interior of the plant hot and dry.
Heat raises body temperature.
Heat raises temperature.
Heat ranges from hot to very hot.
Heat ranks as one of the most important kinds of energy that is used.
Heat rapidly overwhelms the body's ability to regulate temperature.
Heat reaches the cooler end by conduction through the material.
Heat reaches the Earth from the Sun in the form of infrared radiation.
Heat reactivates each part and the parts are pressed together in a sole press.
Heat reduces density by increasing volume but leaving mass unchanged.
Heat reduces flower longevity.
Heat reduces some of the content of vitamin C in food.
Heat reduces the amount of folate in foods so avoid overcooking.
Heat refers to energy.
Heat refers to the total energy of the molecular motion or kinetic energy of a material.
Heat reflects off of the structure onto nearby plants.
Heat register, fir floor, and wainscoting on the wall.
Heat Related Illness Get the victim out of the heat.
Heat relaxes and cold numbs.
Heat relaxes muscles and soothes away the pains.
Heat relaxes tense muscles and helps relieve pain.
Heat relaxes the muscles and gives a sense of comfort.
Heat relaxes the muscles, loosens sore joints, and provides many additional benefits.
Heat relaxes the pores, which open to absorb the full healing properties of the herbs.
Heat relaxes the scrotum, making it easier to spot anything abnormal.
Heat relaxes tissues and increases blood flow.
Heat released during combustion is used to produce steam which in turn drives a turbine.
Heat releases comforting aromatherapy.
Heat releases during reaction.
Heat releases vapors that help remove odors, and moisture helps remove wrinkles.
Heat relieves joint pain.
Heat relieves pain, improves circulation, and relaxes muscles.
Heat remaining ghee, add chilli powder and pour over vegetable.
Heat remaining ghee, add gravy and other ingredients except milk and paneer.
Heat remaining ghee, add jaggery.
Heat remaining milk, coconut, sugar and fruit to boiling, add custard mixture.
Heat remaining oil in a pan, add mustard seeds, when they start to crackle add curry leaves.
Heat remaining oil in the wok, add garlic and brown lightly.
Heat remaining oil, add onions, saute till light brown.
Heat remaining oil, add stuffed tondlis, stir for a minute.
Heat remaining sauce, serve with fish.
Heat removes the moisture, turning the silica to it's original blue color.
Heat repair down most inline skating sites.
Heat results in production.
Heat retaining power is better than glass or plastic film coverings.
Heat rises and gets trapped in the Upper Circle and under the overhangs of the other circles.
Heat rises and therefore is lost through the roof.
Heat rises off skin.
Heat rises smart guy.
Heat rises so block the escape routes at the top.
Heat rises, and if the box is the wrong way up, can build up in unwanted places.
Heat rises, and if the box is the wrong way up, it can build up in unwanted places.
Heat rises, and smoke and deadly gases can race ahead of flames, paralyzing a sleeping person.
Heat rises, causing many upstairs areas to be hard to cool or downstairs locations hard to heat.
Heat rises, so position the fan near the top of the roof for better efficiency.
Heat rises, that's a given.
Heat rises, while cooler gas falls.
Heat rising from a fire expands the liquid, causing the glass to shatter.
Heat rising from the condenser tubes at the top of the unit exits through the roof vent.
Heat runs machinery too.
Heat s on farm labor system.
Heat saliva to show amylase destroyed by heat and unable to react with indicator.
Heat seaking pits are just below the eyes.
Heat seal the bag using the following method.
Heat sealing of the pouch is preferable, and a heat sealer can be provided with collection supplies.
Heat sealing process needs to be provided.
Heat sealing the synthetic chamois prevents adhesive residues in sensitive surfaces.
Heat seeks a balance with surrounding areas.
Heat seems to be the reason the car is messing up electrically.
Heat seems to help and walking helps too .
Heat seems to turn off at midnight, so room is very cold in the morning.
Heat seems to work most of the time.
Heat seen from such objects as fires or gunshots is seen as white.
Heat serves as the energy of activation for the chemical reaction.
Heat sets stains, so soak in cold water first, particularly if the stain has blood.
Heat sets stains.
Heat sherry in wok over medium heat.
Heat shimmers off the little-traveled country road out front.
Heat shimmers on the far horizon.
Heat shimmers the very air.
Heat shines off the pond.
Heat shortens the life of electronic components.
Heat shows additional benefits.
Heat shows benefits.
HEAT Shows the legal information.
Heat shrink and spun metal capsuling.
Heat shrink colour .
Heat shrink the shrinkfilm with hand held, gas propane heat guns.
Heat shrink the tubing by holding it near an incadescent light bulb.
Heat shrink tub is available at most hardware stores and is easy to use.
Heat shrink tubing completes the process.
Heat shrink tubing is made up of plastic that is only partially polymerized.
Heat shrink tubing is placed over the flexible hose and sealed.
Heat shrink tubing provides dielectric and protective covering for medical applications.
Heat shrink tubing requires a heat gun.
Heat sink absorbs and dissipates bulb heat, resulting in extend bulb life.
Heat sink absorbs and dissipates bulb heat, resulting in extended bulb life.
Heat sink for cooling.
Heat sink up and down configurations are available.
Heat sinking parts by attaching the component to a PCB improves temperature performance.
Heat sinks on today's cards are kind of defeating the purpose.
Heat slices in hot gravy.
Heat soymilk in a microwave or in a small pot until bubbly.
Heat speeds chemical reactions and causes phot paper to decay more quickly.
Heat speeds up chemical reaction rates.
Heat speeds up the aging process.
Heat speeds up the natural chemical reactions that occur as materials age.
Heat start off a rock whether suggest desdemona true type fonts.
Heat stays inside the object.
Heat stays out, cool stays in.
Heat sterilise a microbiological loop by flaming for a few seconds to a cherry red colour.
Heat still goes to the building, but there is no power for the fans to circulate it.
Heat stimulates germination.
Heat stimulates the A fibres as described above.
Heat stops when pregnancy begins.
Heat stored in the floor remains in the house.
Heat stresses horses, too It's been hot.
Heat stroke A severe condition caused by prolonged exposure to high heat.
Heat stroke A very serious condition caused by a breakdown of the sweating mechanism of the body.
Heat suggests more water care.
Heat supplies to heaters.
Heat takes moisture from the leaves and flowers.
Heat tends to affect both what is built and the person doing the work.
Heat tends to deteriorate the hose where it attaches to the engine.
Heat tends to dry out skin.
Heat tends to increase fatigue.
Heat tends to relax the muscles that are causing the pain.
Heat then is the net transfer of internal energy from one region to another.
Heat then radiates from the floor warming the room and occupants.
Heat therefore exists.
Heat thins oil and allows for a ready flow.
Heat threatens children left in vehicles .
Heat tomatoes again to boiling.
Heat tomatoes on foil, over medium heat, on the grill until warm throughout.
Heat tomatoes quickly to simmering temperatures.
Heat tomatoes through, then taste and adjust seasonings as necessary.
Heat tortillas on a flat griddle.
Heat tortillas on a hot griddle or skillet in a small amount of oil.
Heat tortillas over a flame.
Heat transfer technical support forum and mutual help system for engineering professionals.
Heat transfer with or without phase change, fluid mechanics, energy conservation.
Heat transfers the appropriate image from the ribbon onto the paper label.
Heat transforms into electrical power.
Heat transforms into power.
Heat transforms the dye into an image.
Heat transforms the water in the globe to steam, which expands and escapes through the jets.
Heat traps gases.
Heat travels at different rates in different materials.
Heat travels by convection, meaning warm air rises .
Heat travels by radiation .
Heat travels faster in water so please be careful of the tempature.
Heat travels from regions of high temperature to low temperature.
Heat travels from the skin to cooler surrounding objects.
Heat travels from warm objects to cold ones.
Heat travels in waves like other forms of energy, and can change the matter it touches.
Heat travels through moist air much quicker than dry air.
Heat travels through the air by convection.
Heat treat a ferrous and non-ferrous material to obtain specific conditions.
Heat treat capabilities for tool steel.
Heat treat it.
Heat treat product, carbonate and bottle or can in miniature.
Heat treat steel with a variety of processes and report on changes in structures and hardness.
Heat treat temp.
Heat treat the bit before use.
Heat treat the culm sections.
Heat treat the metal until brittle like glass.
Heat treat, make bolsters, guards, and handles handle finishing and carving.
Heat treating a die casting can cause a blistering on the surface of the casting.
Heat treating and annealing are just a couple of other ways to work a metal.
Heat treating and anodizing further strengthens each component.
Heat treating and chrome plating services are available in Chattanooga.
Heat treating and chroming add additional cost.
Heat treating and straightening of the tooth and band body is done.
Heat treating the steel makes it stronger but more brittle.
Heat treating to yield tensile strength is a funny creature.
Heat treatments to decrease chilling injury in tomato fruit.
Heat turns the mash into a vapor, which is then cooled to cause condensation.
Heat varies depending on maturity.
Heat vinegar in a pan and stir in the blended sauce, simmer for a couple of minutes.
Heat vinegar in a small saucepan over medium heat.
Heat vinegar just to boiling in large casserole or skillet.
Heat vinegar till warm.
Heat vinegar until boiling on the stove in a large pot.
Heat vinegar until warm, then pour over herbs.
Heat vinegar until,warm,then pour over herbs.
Heat warms air.
Heat warms cool air.
Heat warms surfaces.
Heat warms surround air.
Heat weakens the latex, which makes the condom more likely to break.
Heat wears on it quite a bit.
Heat when removed from the material lowers the temperature of the material.
Heats are according to age group.
Heats are first.
Heats are one hour long, with half of the teams advancing to the next round.
Heats are usually between five and ten minutes' duration.
Heats begin today.
Heats consist of three laps.
Heats consist of three planes.
Heats continue until one car gets two wins.
Heats have up to six skaters, with the top two finishers from each heat advancing to the next round.
Heats start with oldest and work toward youngest when ever possible.
Heats swum from second fastest to slowest in prelims.
Heats swum from second fastest to slowest in the preliminary session.
Heat always flow from warmer to cooler objects .
Heat always flows from a region of high temperature to a region of low temperature.
Heat always flows from a warmer body to a cooler body.
Heat always flows from an object of higher temperature to an object with lower temperature.
Heat always flows from hot bodies to cold bodies.
Heat always flows from hot to cold objects.
Heat always flows from hotter objects to colder.
Heat always flows from hotter substances to cooler substances.
Heat always flows from hotter to colder objects.
Heat always flows from more warm substances to less warm substances.
Heat always flows from regions of higher temperature to regions of lower temperature.
Heat always flows from warmer to colder areas.
Heat always flows spontaneously from a hot object to a cold one, never the other way.
Heat always flows spontaneously from a hot sample of matter to a colder sample of matter.
Heat always moves from a warmer to a cooler area.
Heat always moves from an object at a higher temperature to an object at a lower temperature.
Heat always moves from hot to cold.
Heat always moves from the warmer medium to the cooler medium.
Heat always moves to colder surfaces.
Heat always refers to energy in transit.
Heat always travels, or flows, from a high temperature to a low temperature.
Heat often ameliorates the head pains and cold aggravates.
Heat often soothes the joint pain and stiffness of osteoarthritis.
Heat sometimes accentuates astringency.
Heat sometimes melts rocks, which makes magma that rises buoyantly toward the planet's surface.
All heat is generated by flight muscles.
All heat pump driven for maximum energy recovery.
All heat pumps use a refrigerant, a fluid that vaporizes at low temperatures, to move the heat.
All heat pumps use a vapor compression cycle to transport heat from one location to another.
All heat treat methods have one major drawback - distortion.
All heats are finals.
All heats start from the beach.
Any heat extracted from ambient air by heat pumps is shown as indigenous production.
Any heat generated by any bat is shared by other bats.
Many heat wins and feature wins.
More heat causes more evaporation and more rising hot air, meaning more storms.
More heat causes the clouds to rise higher and form thunderstorms.
More heat goes into the plastic to melt it.
More heat is lost through heat conduction to the ground that to the air.
More heat is made from the nuclear furnace.
More heat is needed to kill the basal cambium, particularly of. large trees.
More heat is passed from the veins to the arteries going to the muscle.
More heat is produced.
More heat is required to warm water than soil.
More heat means it needs more ventilation in order to keep operating temperatures stable.
More heat means more air conditioning, and a greater strain on the system.
More heat means more evaporation.
More heat means more resistance.
More heat means more smog, and smog can trigger asthma attacks for our kids.
More heats means the furnace energy input rate needs to be increased.
Most heat adds energy.
Most heat affects evaporation.
Most heat affects matter.
Most heat affects particles.
Most heat affects precipitation.
Most heat becomes energy.
Most heat becomes thermal energy.
Most heat breaks down cellulose.
Most heat breaks down proteins.
Most heat causes adverse effects.
Most heat causes adverse health effects.
Most heat causes air movement.
Most heat causes body temperature.
Most heat causes compost temperature.
Most heat causes current.
Most heat causes decay.
Most heat causes dehydration.
Most heat causes effects.
Most heat causes evaporation.
Most heat causes expansion.
Most heat causes growth.
Most heat causes health effects.
Most heat causes movement.
Most heat causes pressure.
Most heat causes substances.
Most heat causes temperature.
Most heat changes internal energy.
Most heat combines with excessive humidity.
Most heat combines with humidity.
Most heat comes from current.
Most heat comes from electrical current.
Most heat comes from single sources.
Most heat comes from solar radiation.
Most heat comes from sources.
Most heat coming from the sun is trapped in the oceans, and most of that is in the tropics.
Most heat creates impact.
Most heat creates light.
Most heat creates requirements.
Most heat delivers energy.
Most heat depends on factors.
Most heat depends on phases.
Most heat derives from oxidation.
Most heat drives current.
Most heat flows directly beneath the panel and falls off gradually with greater distance.
Most heat flows from regions.
Most heat flows through wire.
Most heat has properties.
Most heat increases energy.
Most heat increases evaporation.
Most heat increases temperature.
Most heat induces chemical reaction.
Most heat induces reaction.
Most heat is absorbed by hot water.
Most heat is absorbed by structures.
Most heat is absorbed by surfaces.
Most heat is absorbed by water.
Most heat is carried as water vapor.
Most heat is carried away by convection, radiation and conduction.
Most heat is caused by friction.
Most heat is generated by engines.
Most heat is generated by fermentation.
Most heat is generated by fire.
Most heat is generated by rocket engines.
Most heat is generated by sources.
Most heat is lost from blood vessels through the skin.
Most heat is lost from greenhouses by air leakage and wind effects due to poor construction.
Most heat is lost near a body's surface.
Most heat is lost through doors and windows.
Most heat is produced by current.
Most heat is produced by metabolism.
Most heat is produced by weather.
Most heat is released by decomposition reaction.
Most heat is released by reaction.
Most heat is transfered by conduction.
Most heat is transfered by convection.
Most heat is transfered by radiation.
Most heat kills bacteria.
Most heat kills symbiotic bacteria.
Most heat kills turkeys.
Most heat occurs in environments.
Most heat occurs in work environments.
Most heat produces motion.
Most heat produces products.
Most heat produces storms.
Most heat promotes growth.
Most heat promotes mold growth.
Most heat promotes secretion.
Most heat provides light.
Most heat provides white light.
Most heat raises body temperature.
Most heat raises temperature.
Most heat refers to energy.
Most heat shows additional benefits.
Most heat shows benefits.
Most heat stimulates germination.
Much heat is lost or gained through unprotected glass.
Much heat is needed to refine and produce each material .
Some heat absorbs detrituses.
Some heat absorbs energy.
Some heat absorbs materials.
Some heat accelerates growth.
Some heat accelerates photosynthesis.
Some heat acts on matter.
Some heat adds cream salt.
Some heat adds salt.
Some heat affects mortality.
Some heat affects properties.
Some heat also moves through the vent.
Some heat attracts fleas.
Some heat breaks bonds.
Some heat breaks down seawater.
Some heat brings fire.
Some heat brings rain.
Some heat brings wild fire.
Some heat burns hands.
Some heat burns tissue.
Some heat causes burns.
Some heat causes clouds.
Some heat causes cumulus clouds.
Some heat causes damage.
Some heat causes electrolytes.
Some heat causes explosions.
Some heat causes fluid.
Some heat causes problems.
Some heat causes sediments.
Some heat causes severe damage.
Some heat causes sunburn damage.
Some heat causes toxins.
Some heat causes wind.
Some heat comes from aerobic decomposition.
Some heat comes from decomposition.
Some heat comes from hands.
Some heat comes from motors.
Some heat comes from resistors.
Some heat contributes to effort.
Some heat creates devices.
Some heat creates environments.
Some heat creates ideal environments.
Some heat creates such devices.
Some heat decreases potency.
Some heat depends on convection.
Some heat depends on samples.
Some heat derives from metabolism.
Some heat destroys enzymes.
Some heat destroys properties.
Some heat drives wind.
Some heat enhances germination.
Some heat enhances seed germination.
Some heat enters cylinders.
Some heat enters refrigerators.
Some heat flows from high temperature.
Some heat flows from temperature.
Some heat generates friction.
Some heat generates phenomena.
Some heat generates such phenomena.
Some heat generates surface phenomena.
Some heat gives off products.
Some heat goes into water.
Some heat has activities.
Some heat has advantage.
Some heat has effects.
Some heat has spikes.
Some heat has states.
Some heat has sudden spikes.
Some heat illnesses to watch for.
Some heat improves life.
Some heat improves shelf life.
Some heat increases conductivity.
Some heat increases production.
Some heat induces dormancy.
Some heat induces infertility.
Some heat is absorbed by black mats.
Some heat is absorbed by mats.
Some heat is absorbed by pavement.
Some heat is caused by compression.
Some heat is caused by current.
Some heat is caused by fire.
Some heat is created by friction.
Some heat is generated by boilers.
Some heat is generated by bores.
Some heat is generated by control nuclear fission.
Some heat is generated by cores.
Some heat is generated by current.
Some heat is generated by discharge.
Some heat is generated by electric current.
Some heat is generated by electric motors.
Some heat is generated by fission.
Some heat is generated by mammals.
Some heat is generated by metabolism.
Some heat is generated by motors.
Some heat is generated by muscles.
Some heat is generated by nuclear fission.
Some heat is generated by pressure gas discharge.
Some heat is generated by tidal current.
Some heat is produced by animals.
Some heat is produced by candles.
Some heat is produced by different animals.
Some heat is produced by fermentation.
Some heat is produced by fission.
Some heat is produced by friction.
Some heat is produced by impact.
Some heat is produced by live mammals.
Some heat is produced by machines.
Some heat is produced by mammals.
Some heat is produced by matter.
Some heat is produced by muscles.
Some heat is produced by rot vegetable matter.
Some heat is produced by termites.
Some heat is produced by vegetable matter.
Some heat is released by condensation.
Some heat is released by respiration.
Some heat is stored in the body so blood temperature rises.
Some heat is used to soften the material so that it can be formed around the core.
Some heat kills clothe moths.
Some heat kills fleas.
Some heat kills guys.
Some heat kills larvae.
Some heat kills little guys.
Some heat kills microbes.
Some heat kills moths.
Some heat kills pests.
Some heat kills pets.
Some heat kills plants.
Some heat kills root rhizomes.
Some heat kills roots.
Some heat kills termites.
Some heat leads to contamination.
Some heat leads to degradations.
Some heat leads to development.
Some heat leads to illnesses.
Some heat leaves hands.
Some heat lowers blood.
Some heat lowers temperature.
Some heat needs for survival.
Some heat occurs at grind levels.
Some heat occurs at levels.
Some heat passes through glass.
Some heat plays roles.
Some heat prevents dew.
Some heat produces hands.
Some heat produces hot water.
Some heat produces magmas.
Some heat produces water.
Some heat provides energy.
Some heat provides geothermal energy.
Some heat pump systems have more than two stages or speeds of operation.
Some heat pumps use heat energy , supplied by a flame or an electric heater .
Some heat pumps use heat energy, supplied by a flame or an electric heater.
Some heat pushes layers.
Some heat raises water.
Some heat reaches earth.
Some heat reaches equilibrium.
Some heat reaches stable equilibrium.
Some heat removes water.
Some heat requires contact.
Some heat requires substances.
Some heat shrink tubing finishes the pin end.
Some heat spreads to places.
Some heat stimulates bacterial growth.
Some heat stimulates growth.
Some heat takes places.
Some heat threatens health.
Some heat threatens long term health.
Some heat travelss through air balloons.
Some heat travelss through balloons.
Some heat travelss through hot air balloons.
Some heat turns into electricity.
Heated air expands so the hot air had slightly greater pressure than the air outside the bottle.
Heated air has a greater capacity to hold moisture than cooler air.
Heated air is able to hold more moisture.
Heated air is boosted in temperature with a plasma torch and blown into the bottom of the cupola.
Heated air is circulated by fans or blowers to generally surround a normally enclosed area.
Heated air is the culprit in bringing on and making croup worse.
Heated air is used primarily to speed up the evaporation of the moisture in the wood.
Heated air rises to ceiling level and is quickly cooled by the cold surfaces it touches.
Heated arguments are stupid.
Heated arguments become the norm.
Heated arguments can present untidy scenes to our public.
Heated arguments pop up here and there.
Heated aspartame is the most hazardous.
Heated birdbaths provide water when most other sources are frozen.
Heated blankets provide greater comfort for patients in the recovery room.
Heated blinds make for safe comfortable hunting.
Heated booties help the final moisturizers penetrate making feet softer and smoother.
Heated bowl keeps water ice-free all winter long.
Heated containers can explode.
Heated cover keeps slip-on pumpers warm.
Heated cushions are standard.
Heated debate continues on the topic.
Heated debate takes place in connection with politics.
Heated debates are fun.
Heated debates arise when students present conflicting information or contradictory conclusions.
Heated debates can make both students and the teacher uncomfortable.
Heated demonstrations spread in succeeding days to the West Bank and Gaza.
Heated developers play a roll in tenting by softening the resist.
Heated discussions have no place in front of the players.
Heated emotions can also heat the skin.
Heated floor maintains warmth.
Heated floors insure comfort during the winter months.
Heated glass takes on a liquid, molten form.
Heated grips are standard, and the front shock now offers rebound-damping adjustments.
Heated hangers are available.
Heated homes tend to dry out a lot.
Heated house includes poles, bait, tackle, transportation to and from and fish cleaning.
Heated iron is much easier to work with.
Heated jars pull skin up, which increases blood flow and stimulates the area.
Heated jaws soften the tubing enough to facilitate ease of expansion without splitting the ends.
Heated kernels have the color, taste or odour typical of grain that has heated in storage.
Heated liquids can erupt, boil over and cause severe burns.
Heated metal is dipped into a container of plastic powder or dust.
Heated metals tend to oxidize rapidly.
Heated oil creates too much roughage for the bowels.
Heated patio is comfy even on nippy nights.
Heated pool is also available to guests.
Heated pool is available for guests.
Heated pool is available to guests.
Heated pool is finished in ALL mosaic ceramic tile.
Heated pool is offered.
Heated pool is on site.
Heated pool open all year.
Heated pool overlooks the waterfalls and streams.
Heated pool works only during the summer.
Heated pools are rare and costly to heat.
Heated restrooms are available.
Heated rooms dry live trees rapidly, so be sure to keep the stand filled with water.
Heated rooms tend to be dry rooms, especially if they are heated with forced air, or fire.
Heated samples exhibit a factor of five increase in hardness and yet remain electrically conducting.
Heated seats are an option.
Heated seats are available in several car lines already.
Heated seats are standard and so is a security alarm.
Heated shanties are available with transportation provided to and from.
Heated sodium is spontaneously flammable in air.
Heated soil gives off a strong smell, so consider doing it outdoors.
Heated storage is required for items like engines or research equipment.
Heated tanks store the wax.
Heated terraces expand outdoor dining year-round.
Heated towel rails for every bathroom, domestic and commercial.
Heated towel rails for every location.
Heated units are available to filter heavy gear oils.
Heated vapors irritate respiratory tract.
Heated versions are also available.
Heated walls can harbor a fire for long periods of time unseen.
Heated water floods the rice dissolving the vitamins and minerals in the bran layer.
Heated water is added so that the starches are converted to fermentable sugars.
Heated water is discharged into a dredged discharge canal located north of the River.
Heated water is provided by solar power with a backup system.
Heated water is sprayed on the grist as it falls into the mash tun.
Heated water turns to steam and rises through the pipes and into the radiators.
Most heated water comes from industries and power plants that use water for their cooling towers.
Heated windshields are available as an option on a few luxury automobiles.
Heatened water gets to steam, which is used to move the turbine-generator.
Heater fans make noise.
A heater is a device
Heater isa device.
Heaters also burn out.
Heaters are available for hydraulic fluid, diesel fuel and oil supply and storage tanks.
Heaters are available for natural or propane gas.
Heaters are cal rod type, pressed into place for even heating and longer heater life.
Heaters are capable of lower temperature.
Heaters are capable of warm foots.
Heaters are devices.
Heaters are energy intensive.
Heaters are in place in the labs, as well as ventilation ducts to allow for a continuous air change.
Heaters are located in automobiles.
Heaters are located in dwellings.
Heaters are located in garages.
Heaters are located in homes.
Heaters are located in houses.
Heaters are located in offices.
Heaters are located in public buildings.
Heaters are optional.
Heaters are our only business.
Heaters are part of automobiles.
Heaters are submersible and come with an adjustable heat control.
Heaters are used for comfort.
Heaters are used for heat.
Heaters are used for heating.
Heaters burn clean fuel.
Heaters burn fuel.
Heaters come with a six foot cord and heater holder.
Heaters come with pilot light and outdoor top.
Heaters consume energy.
Heaters contain oxygen depletion sensors.
Heaters contain sensors.
Heaters convert chemical energy.
Heaters convert energy.
Heaters do help, but can also be the cause of other problems.
Heaters do just that.
Heaters have (part) sections.
Heaters have a baked on, beige texture finish.
Heaters have functions.
Heaters have thermostats.
Heaters help, even in open cockpit planes.
Heaters keep the fryers warm during cool weather.
Heaters keep the patio popular at night too.
Heaters offer total heat or zone heat.
Heaters operate on inside or outside combustion air.
Heaters operate only while required thus saving energy and ensuring reliable ice melting.
Heaters prevent fogging of the mirror due to moisture and low temperatures during the mission.
Heaters produce carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases.
Heaters provide warmth.
Heaters raise the temperature of the sample pan and a reference pan at the same rate.
Heaters serve purposes.
Heaters supply the warmth some sea anemones require, but they can burn themselves on contact.
Heaters tame the winter, air conditioners cool the summer.
Heaters use a lot of power and can easily exceed the capacity of an already loaded circuit.
Heaters use electricity.
Heaters usually go, it seems, just a few months after the warranty expires.
All heaters have a thermal fuse.
All heaters have safety controls to guard against over-heating and something blocking the flue pipe.
All heaters provide uniform coverage with the convenience of a cleanable surface.
Most heaters burn clean fuel.
Most heaters burn fuel.
Most heaters come with a general sizing table.
Most heaters consume energy.
Most heaters contain oxygen depletion sensors.
Most heaters contain sensors.
Most heaters convert chemical energy.
Most heaters convert energy.
Most heaters glow red.
Most heaters have functions.
Most heaters have thermostats.
Most heaters provide warmth.
Most heaters serve purposes.
Most heaters use electricity.
Some heaters combine radiant and fan-forced convective systems.
Some heaters combine the effects of radiant and convection heating.
Some heaters contain plastic.
Some heaters use a quartz glass heating element and some use a metal sheath tubular element.
A heath is a bush
Heath has information about the process.
Heath has other concerns about the program, too.
Heath is a plant that is usually found in open, barren, poorly drained soil.
Heath is also a natural shotmaker and can end rallies with superb winners.
Heath is also very open to other disciplines and other ways of transposing experiences.
Heath is in trouble now.
Heath is left alone with nothing else to do but clean camp.
Heath isa bush.
Heath isa shrub.
Heath remains among Cleveland's top ten in triples, HR, and slugging percentage.
Heath remains silent.
Heath seems enthusiastic but certainly time-worn and wise about it all.
Heaths are a fruiting plant, giving off somewhat small capsule fruits.
Heaths are countrysides.
Heaths are home to a rich assemblage of animal species.
Heaths are natural things.
Heaths are open areas.
Heaths are places where only grasses, mosses, and bushes grow.
Heaths are shrubs.
Heaths have (part) cell membranes.
Heaths have (part) cells.
Heaths have (part) corpi.
Heaths have (part) cytoplasm.
Heaths have (part) nuclei.
Heaths have (part) plasma membranes.
Heaths have (part) sections.
Heaths have (part) vacuoles.
Heaths have (part) xylem.
Heaths thrive in acid soils in temperate regions.
Heaths thrive in acidic soil.
Heaths thrive on acid soil and, thus are often found on moors, swamps and mountain-sides.
Most heaths are low shrubs, but some African species are large bushes or trees.
Most heaths prefer moist but well drained, acidic soils and can even tolerate some shade.
Some heaths have leaves.
All heathen wisdom is but folly.
A heathen is a nonreligious person
Heathens are wont to be destined our judges.
Heathens can click here .
Heathens keep their clothes on, too.
Heathens seek balance and moderation in matters sexual.
Many heathens offer human sacrifices to their gods, as a part of their religion.
A heathenism is religion
Heathenism is a rock harder than any which encases copper.
Heather voles are mammals.
Heather voles eat heath plants.
Heather voles have a brief chase for a courtship.
Heather voles live in all forests, at the edge of woodlands, and in uphill 'heaths'.
Most heather voles live in birch and willow thickets near the tree line.
Most heather voles survive for only a year.
A heather is color
Heather deals with many larger enquiries and personally manages the larger software sales.
Heather demands at one point.
Heather isa heath.
Heather loves sucking on a big cock.
Heather overhears the conversation.
Heather plays in a cemetary behind the church.
Heather plays tennis, the flute and plans to study science in college.
Heather prepares and distributes the two digests.
Heather radiates grace.
Heather returns home temporarily.
Heather shares some insight on what it takes to be a success, on and of the court.
Heather specializes in beautiful and unique faux finishes, as well as color and style selection.
Heather talks about how to find pleasure that lasts.
Heather teaches clogging at a local dance studio.
Heather wishes to recupe at home after that.
Heather works for a finance consulting firm that provides expert testimony and litigation support.
Heather works hard.
Heather works in a variety of media, including soft pastel, charcoal, watercolor, oils, and acrylic.
Heather works in private practice with geriatric clients.
Heather works in the area of recruitment.
Heather works well in rock gardens.
Heather works well with DJ in the Visiting Hours challenge.
Heather works with the belief that every part of a person's life has an effect on their health.
Heather works with the belief that every part of a prson's life has an effect on their health.
Heather writes poetry , prose, and music.
Heathers are affected relatively little by pests.
Heathers are heaths.
Heathers are often available in a range of plant sizes.
Heathers are the answer.
Heathers are very good used in containers.
Heathers grow on hillsides.
Heathers have (part) cell membranes.
Heathers have (part) cells.
Heathers have (part) corpi.
Heathers have (part) cytoplasm.
Heathers have (part) nuclei.
Heathers have (part) plasma membranes.
Heathers have (part) sections.
Heathers have (part) vacuoles.
Heathers have (part) xylem.
Heathers is one of the better and clever movies around.
Heathers is the prime example.
Most heathers grow on hillsides.
Some heathers affect responses.
Some heathers enjoy life.
Some heathers have lower production.
Some heathers have production.
Heathland plants fade away .
A heathland is a wasteland
Heathlands are lowland areas dominated by colourful heather, gorse and bracken.
Heathlands are therefore good places to see honeyeaters.
Heathlands become woods unless they are regularly grazed, mown or burnt.
Heathlands occur on barren infertile land.
Heathlands usually occur on infertile soils.
Heathy foods are important to consumers.
Heathy living is more than just massage.
Heating air is climate control.
Heating air is heating.
Heating appliances constitute a serious fire hazard.
All heating appliances have a wire which produces heat when current is passed.
Heating coil is mounted in the mash tun.
A heating element is an element
Heating element hidden beneath floor never corrodes.
Heating element is highly efficient and compact.
Heating element is protected by an automatic resetting circuit breaker.
Heating element lifts up for easy cleaning.
Heating elements are components.
Heating elements are elements.
Heating elements are field replaceable.
Heating elements are inside the seats front and rear, and both front chairs are powered six ways.
Heating elements are located in ovens.
Heating elements are part of electric heaters.
Heating elements are part of gas ranges.
Heating elements are parts.
Heating elements come in a wide range of sizes.
Heating elements deliver even heat for uniform browning.
Heating elements deliver uniform heat for even browning.
Heating oil is a clear, rosy-red liquid that burns very clean.
Heating oil is a distillate produced during the crude oil refining process as gasoline is produced.
Heating oil is a whole other story.
Heating oil is another oil product that has risen drastically in price in the past several months.
Heating oil is brought into oil storage terminals in an area by refiners and other suppliers.
Heating oil is fuel
Heating oil is oil
Heating oil is one of the safest fuels ever developed.
Heating oil is similar to diesel and comes from the same distillate stocks.
Heating oil is three or four times more expensive in Greece than it is in America.
Heating oils leads to the production of free radicals, which have a destructive effect on the skin.
A heating pad is a heater
Heating pads are heaters.
Heating Pads are helpful - either regular pads or moist heat.
Heating pads are located in suitcases.
Heating pads can be dangerous.
Heating pads can cause severe burns and injury when misused.
Heating pads can help maintain the required temperature from below.
Heating pads can help to relax painful muscle spasms.
Heating Pads Click on a product below for more information or to place an order.
Some heating pads have automatic safety shut offs after so many hours.
A heating plant is an utility
Some heating plants perform a monthly or quarterly combustion analysis.
A heating system is an utility
Heating system is Gas.
Heating system is new as is most of the plumbing and electric.
Heating system is oil hot water radiator.
Heating system is turned on when the humidity is very high.
Heating system preheats hot water tank for more efficiency.
Heating systems are a major cause of home fires.
Heating systems are part of buildings.
Heating systems are utilities.
Heating systems can be high or low pressure steam or hot water, thermal oil, or direct fired.
Heating systems can blow molds, bacteria and pet dander back into the air.
Heating systems dry the air as they heat it.
All heating systems function best when coils, filters, and heating vents are kept clean.
Most heating systems are propane fueled and thermostatically controlled.
Heating also changes the lipids.
Heating also induces other changes in foods, such as loss of color, texture, and vitamins.
Heating also occurs from both conduction current and radiation.
Heating begins at the top center and proceeds downward and outward.
Heating begins near the antenna and proceeds radially outward.
Heating breaks enough of the intermolecular hydrogen bonds to allow the granule to swell noticeably.
Heating brings out the flavors.
Heating can also cause inclusions to become less visible and improve the clarity of a gem.
Heating can be a pain.
Heating can cause argon to leave a rock and make it look younger.
Heating can cause margarine tubs, cottage cheese containers and foam meat trays to melt and warp.
Heating can release vapors that can be ignited.
Heating can release vapors which can be ignited.
Heating causes boiling.
Heating causes damage to the cell.
Heating causes dehydration, and can lead to products such as polyamides.
Heating causes evaporation in the form of water vapor.
Heating causes the molecules to move faster and make collisions harder.
Heating changes the lipids.
Heating changes the magnetic properties and the wheel rotates.
Heating Check out the type of system and date of last service.
Heating destroys the therapeutic qualities.
Heating diminishes the flavor and softens the texture.
Heating Does the house get adequate sun, including any available winter sun.
Heating drives oxygen from the food and leaves the food anaerobic.
Heating ends up with hard c oo kies . . .
Heating ends up with hard cookies . . .
Heating equalizes the moisture across the surface, allowing electrostatic deposition.
Heating generally indicates that the pile is decomposing properly.
Heating generally results in lowered digestibility of protein.
Heating generates a separation of charge in the atoms or molecules of certain materials.
Heating greatly accelerates the process .
Heating Have sleeping bags available, as well as plenty of blankets and warm clothing.
Heating Help Everything about hot water heating.
Heating increases the effectiveness of the interaction.
Heating increases the speed and degree of consolidation.
Heating is a direct result of microorganism activity in hay stored at high moisture levels.
Heating is a means of neutralising possible infectious agents in blood.
Heating is a very important aspect of bearded dragon care.
Heating is accomplished by portable kerosene heaters, which are a bit smelly.
Heating is achieved by using the flux from the rear side of a gold burn-through foil.
Heating is air heat pump plus electric furnace.
Heating is all electric and is by the comfort plus radiator system.
Heating is all electric and is by white meter storage unit, panel radiators and warm air blowers.
Heating is all electric.
Heating is an automatic operation for the apartments and is furnished by the university.
Heating is another process for transferring energy.
Heating is another treatment that has long been in practice.
Heating is another way of coagulating certain colloids.
Heating is available as noted and charges are usually a supplemental fee to be paid at the property.
Heating is available at a small extra charge.
Heating is by a dependable Monitor oil stove that is only about a year and a half old.
Heating is by a radiator and there is also an open fire.
Heating is by an oil fired boiler with hot water radiators.
Heating is by central heating and electric fire.
Heating is by either central or electric, cooling by air-conditioning and fans.
Heating is by electric as well as solid fuel central heating for the winter.
Heating is by electric convector radiators.
Heating is by electric fires and night-store heaters.
Heating is by electric heaters.
Heating is by electric night storage heaters.
Heating is by electric panel heaters in each individual room.
Heating is by electric radiators plus by hot air from 'insert' in dining room.
Heating is by electric.
Heating is by electricity and is included in the rent.
Heating is by electricity and open-fire.
Heating is by electricity and there are hook-ups for a washer and dryer in each unit.
Heating is by electricity and wood-burning stove.
Heating is by electricity.
Heating is by free standing calor gas fire.
Heating is by gas central heating and electricity.
Heating is by gas central heating, open-fire, and electricity.
Heating is by log-fire and electricity.
Heating is by modern gas-fired boiler and radiators.
Heating is by multi-fuel stove and electricity.
Heating is by natural gas.
Heating is by night storage heaters but additional heating is by free standing calor gas fire.
Heating is by night storage heaters.
Heating is by nightstorage which is included in the letting cost.
Heating is by oil boiler - inclusive in price.
Heating is by oil central heating and a coal fire with back boiler.
Heating is by oil.
Heating is by oil-fired central heating.
Heating is by open fire and electricity.
Heating is by open- fire, radiators from Parkway fire, and electricity.
Heating is by open-fire and electric storage heaters.
Heating is by open-fire and electricity.
Heating is by open-fire, and electricity.
Heating is by open-fires and electricity.
Heating is by slow combustion wood fire.
Heating is by storage heaters and a very efficient multi fuel room heater type stove.
Heating is by storage heaters and log fire.
Heating is by storage heaters, plus convector heaters.
Heating is by wall mounted electric panel heaters.
Heating is by wood slow combustion stove with glass front, cooling by overhead fans.
Heating is by wood stove while cooking can be done on a propane stove.
Heating is by wood-burning stove and electricity.
Heating is by wood-burning stove and electrity.
Heating is by wood-burning stove and night storage heaters.
Heating is caused by an arc between the surface of the steel and a tungsten electrode.
Heating is charges at cost.
Heating is continued for one hour in order to destroy the diseased tissue.
Heating is cost-effective at many more sites than electricity generation.
Heating is delivered by a radiator located below each window.
Heating is done by hot water ceiling and wall registers.
Heating is done by the electricity from thermal power stations.
Heating is electric baseboard.
Heating is electric.
Heating is electrical and paid for by the Strata corporation.
Heating is essential.
Heating is expensive.
Heating is extra and is paid according to usage.
Heating is floor slab heat, electric baseboard and gas furnace.
Heating is forced air unit.
Heating is from heaters and or electric heaters.
Heating is full house and is by radiators supplied from a gas fired boiler.
Heating is full house and is by radiators, supplied from a gas-fired boiler.
Heating is full house from a combi gas-fired boiler which also heats the water.
Heating is gas, either catalytic with radiators or forced warm air.
Heating is gas-fired.
Heating is gas-forced air comparable to California code homes.
Heating is generated by a high efficiency modular boiler system.
Heating is geothermal, offices upstairs has built-in maple desk.
Heating is greater at the equator than at the earth's poles.
Heating is included in the price but electricity and telephone are extra.
Heating is included in the price but the electricity and telephone are extra.
Heating is inconsistent from room to room and from wing to wing in the building.
Heating is installed in the church.
Heating is instantaneous and easily regulated by output control buttons.
Heating is necessary prior to or immediately after pressure reduction.
Heating is necessary to reduce the viscosity for easy handling in cold environments.
Heating is needed for firmer fruits to start the flow of juice.
Heating is night storage.
Heating is oil and wood.
Heating is preferably by wood, although kerosene is permissible, just barely.
Heating is probably easier than sulfiting for the beginning mead-maker.
Heating is provided by a single gas heater, fed by a couple of gas bottles outside the shed.
Heating is provided by electric panel heaters throughout.
Heating is provided by electric storage heaters in both the kitchen and utility room.
Heating is provided by electricity.
Heating is provided by gas central heating which also provides hot water on demand.
Heating is provided by induction method and electrical resistance.
Heating is provided by night storage heaters, with electric heaters also available on request.
Heating is provided by portable radiators.
Heating is provided by propane.
Heating is provided by radiator or an electric fire.
Heating is provided by radiators located below each window.
Heating is provided by the wall mounted electric heaters.
Heating is provided for the colder months, and electricity is paid for by coin meter.
Heating is provided in Hotels and conference locations.
Heating is provided in winter months.
Heating is provided via water filled radiators which are connected to the nearby greenhouses.
Heating is provided when the weather is cold.
Heating is represented by moving horizontally to the right from the initial temperature conditions.
Heating is roughed-in.
Heating is sometimes necessary to form the gas in quantities that can be detected.
Heating is supplied by a wood stove and a backup electric furnace.
Heating is the business for which solar energy is best suited.
Heating is the single biggest energy use in homes.
Heating is the third leading cause of residential fire deaths.
Heating is under the direct control of the guests.
Heating is under-floor, providing maximum comfort and control.
Heating is undesirable, as it tends to decrease the density of the charge air.
Heating is used to maintain temperature against ambient temperatures.
Heating is usually free except in the winter months.
Heating is usually unnecessary, but reducing wind chill is a good idea.
Heating is virtually full house from a gas fired boiler.
Heating is with kerosene.
Heating is with wood.
Heating is, accordingly, accomplished without reversal of the refrigerant system.
Heating kills mircoorganisms and is the principle of pasteurization , sterilization , etc.
Heating Learn the latest tips on repairing or replacing fuses and thermostats.
Heating makes the odor stronger and the softer texture is often accepted by sick ferrets.
Heating minimizes rapid water evaporation during the cooking process.
Heating occurs from the outside inward.
Heating Open the door to radiant heat.
Heating permanently reduces shielding effectiveness.
Heating presents a potential risk of explosion.
Heating produces steam, explodes, turns endosperm inside out.
Heating raises pressure with consequent risk of bursting and explosion.
Heating reallllllllly puts the aromas in the air.
Heating reduces the quality of the feed and allows yeasts and molds to proliferate.
Heating requires the addition of energy throughout the entire medium volume.
Heating starts again at eight.
Heating takes place until the required temperature is reached.
Heating There are many types of heating systems available.
Heating upwards makes the bitter taste.
Heating's no problem with the chimney already there.
All heating is done by diesel fuel stoves and heaters, which are very quiet, compared to furnaces.
More heating achieves liftoff.
Some heating is provided, most needed is the very effective front windscreen demister.
Heatpressed film is another technique used for applying team names, numbers or personal names.
Heatshield insulation is installed to the waterline.
Heatstroke begins when a person's internal thermostat stops working.
Heatstroke causes multiple metabolic abnormalities.
Heatstroke is a collapse
Heatstroke is collapses.
Heatstroke is possible with prolonged exposure and physical activity.
Heatstroke occurs in two forms, exertional and classic.
Heatstroke occurs when the body is unable to lose heat.
Heatstroke occurs when the body's central control mechanisms fail.
Heatstroke occurs when the body's thermoregulatory system stops working.
A heave is a throw
Heaves are animal diseases.
Heaves are movement.
Heaves are rises.
Heaves are spasms.
Heaves are throws.
Heaves is a management-related disease, so the treatment is to remove the cause.
Heaves is more likely to appear in horses older than nine years.
Heaves is one of the most common types of allergy observed in horses.
Heaves is usually a chronic and progressive disease, more common in horses that are kept in stables.
Heaves often indicate right ventricular hypertrophy.
Heaven is a region
Heaven isa region.
Heavens are the same as realms.
Heavens forbid if the suits ever control the technology.
Heavens sing still.
Heavens turn around the river still flows, spirit keeps going, nobody knows.
Most heavens are boring.
Most heavens are restful.
Some heavens are very interesting, and some are very boring.
A heavenly body is a natural object
Heavenly bodies are all spherical, and their movement is circular and uniform.
Heavenly bodies are astronomical objects.
Heavenly bodies are perfect and unchanging.
Heavenly bodies are superior to earthly bodies.
Heavenly bodies get their radius, mass, etc.
Every heavenly body rises on the planet earth, and sets.
Heavenly boys choir, singing a lilting round.
Heavenly buses circulate continuously between the south shore casinos and the lifts.
Heavenly doctrine is to be matched with heavenly character and conduct.
Heavenly fate means the universal fate.
Heavenly father believes in the school of hard knocks.
Heavenly glory is ahead.
Heavenly glory is called a crown.
Heavenly life is simply the best life.
Heavenly love goes up because it is centered on the whole.
All heavenly messages are essentially one and the same and are complementary to one another.
Heavenly music is heavenly.
Heavenly music plays in the background, in just about every scene.
Heavenly Ranch is a year round facility.
Heavenly retribution is the distance and impurity engendered by the evildoer's own behavior.
Heavenly things are perfect.
Heavenly things find little place in the thoughts.
Heavenly truth glides off a carnal mind as water from a spherical body.
Heavenly violets open, and through the valley the wind blows a honeyed breath.
Heavenly wisdom is full of good works.
Heavenly wisdom receives the commands of the gospel joyfully and obediently.
Much heaver dosage is required than in the normal waste water treatment situation.
Heavier air makes for higher atmospheric pressure .
Heavier ash falls to the bottom of the boiler where it is extracted as bottom ash.
Heavier atoms have even more shells up to seven.
Heavier atoms scatter more effectively.
Heavier baits are easier to cast and control in high wind than small ones.
Heavier bars seem to produce better tone, sustain.
Some heavier boots require greater strength to wear.
Heavier bullets shoot farther more accurately than light bullets within the same caliber.
Heavier cars go faster and are easier to steer, but take a longer time to accelerate.
Heavier cars use more gasoline than similarly powered lighter cars.
Heavier cloth is harder to fill smooth and weighs a lot.
Heavier construction protects the sidewalls and tread on all-terrain tires from punctures.
Heavier doses can cause confusion, excitement or anxiety.
Heavier doses cause a feeling of warmth and sleepiness.
Heavier doses generate depression, irrationality and psychosis.
Heavier drapes can make a large room look smaller, and cut down on echos for a more intimate feel.
Heavier elements are deeper in.
Heavier elements are increasingly unstable.
Heavier elements are less efficient nuclear fuel, so each cycle takes less time.
Heavier elements are present in combination with hydrogen.
Heavier elements are produced when certain massive stars achieve a supernova stage and explode.
Heavier elements can only supply energy by fission .
Heavier elements do exist, but they are all man-made.
Heavier elements exist only in trace amounts.
Heavier elements have a slower speed than lighter elements.
Heavier elements require relatively more neutrons to stabilize the nucleus.
Heavier ewes require more feed.
Heavier females tend to have significantly more males in their litters than lighter females.
Heavier flyweights generate more centrifugal force.
Heavier foods fare better with heavy wines.
Heavier furniture is shipped by common carrier at prevailing rates.
Heavier gauge is recommended.
Heavier individuals make up the difference in fat.
Heavier infestations cause twig dieback to infested trees.
Heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
Heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element.
Heavier isotopes undergo beta-minus decay .
Heavier knits require smaller dimensions, and sheer fabrics require larger dimensions.
Heavier kraft provides better strength, durability, and appearance.
Heavier line reduces action but keeps the lure from sinking as much.
Heavier line restricts diving depth and saves valuable time.
Heavier load generate higher heat to the tire.
Heavier loads cause it to droop where it connects to the aluminum stays.
Heavier mail sees lower increases.
Heavier melons contain more water, which means they are probably sweeter.
Heavier membranes are more waterproof but less breathable.
Heavier mortars are fired by three to five men.
Heavier nuclei carry a greater charge and are more damaging to human tissue.
Heavier objects fall faster than light ones.
Heavier objects fall with more force because weight is a component of force.
Heavier pans conduct heat more evenly.
Heavier papers tend to give better results.
Heavier particles go to the bottom and lighter particles rise to the surface.
Heavier particles move more slowly than light ones at a given temperature.
Heavier people are more mellow and less successful.
Heavier people burn more calories during physical activity than lighter people do.
Heavier people burn more calories, lighter people burn less.
Heavier people can go slower and still develop the same amount of power.
Heavier people do it also.
Heavier persons burn more calories.
Heavier rain is depicted by yellow, orange and finally red.
Heavier rain is generally due to thicker cloud above.
Heavier residue is no problem for the larger tines, which have greater clearance.
Heavier runners tend to over-pronate.
Heavier shapes are hot-rolled products typically referred to as red iron or structural steel.
Heavier sheets offer better depth and detail.
Heavier sizing allows more color to stay on the surface and allows easier reworking of the paint.
Heavier soils take longer to dry out and lighter soils can dry within a few days.
Heavier stars have much shorter lifetimes, since their greater gravity increases the rate of fusion.
Heavier strings increase volume.
Heavier things move slower.
Heavier traffic builds pressure for new and wider roads.
Heavier trucks are highly unstable and are more likely to rollover with increased weight.
Heavier units can stress out vinyl windows over time, causing the sash to bow.
Heavier units ignore the whole thing.
Heavier users can subscribe and save money even for as few as four searches per month.
Heavier vehicles are especially prone to strut mount wear.
Heavier vehicles have smaller fatal costs but higher property damage costs.
Heavier vehicles use more fuel, and produce more pollution.
Heavier vehicles use more fuel.
Heavier veneer is parallel laminated to make the structural members of underframes and bases.
Heavier weights flow less volume through a given opening.
Heavier women are less likely to get osteoporosis than thin women.
Heavier women have a higher risk of developing breast cancer after menopause.
Heavier yields occur in warmer regions.
Heaviest concentrations are found on the llama's flanks and thighs.
Heaviest damage is inflicted early in plant development.
Heaviest use is still from health professionals and researchers.
Heaviest utilization is in ruminant and horse feeds.
Heaviest utilization is in ruminant, swine, and horse feeds.
Heaviest weight is used in determining winning fish.
Heavy accumulations are possible in squalls.
Heavy accumulations are possible in the northern Sierras.
Any heavy activity takes away from the overall performance of the network as a whole.
Heavy adults move carefully through the trees, using their flexible feet to grasp the tree branches.
Heavy algae grows in the middle of the lake, providing the cover that the trout crave.
Heavy aluminum cladding with a maintenance free bronze baked enamel finish.
Heavy arches stand between the alley and the low clouds.
Heavy arrows indicate budding forms.
Heavy ash is collected and removed for disposal.
Heavy atoms tend to be radioactive.
Heavy attacks can cause branch dieback or death of the plant.
Heavy attacks cause severe defoliation, and weakened trees succumb to secondary pests.
Heavy backpacks can be a contributing factor.
Any heavy bags limit daily otherwise big, whether ceiling slide something.
Heavy baggage can easily become an unwanted hassle.
Heavy band performs in support of their debut album, Healing.
Heavy bats make for hard work.
Heavy bikes climb faster.
Heavy blankets are the source of most night cramps.
Heavy bloom is competition for the apple bloom.
Heavy board is difficult to keep positioned properly.
Heavy bodies fall to their natural place, the Earth, which is the center of the universe.
Heavy bodies require a running start on water for take-off.
Heavy bolt used with a bolt to fasten a wheel to an axle.
Heavy books are now as popular as are lighter ones.
Heavy books cost a little more.
Heavy boots are also harder to break in.
Heavy boots are in order because of the rubble.
Heavy boots hang from ceiling beams.
Heavy bottom is helpful.
Heavy boxes are decision points.
Heavy boxes are very hard to pull off the top shelf while standing several feet up on a ladder.
Heavy boxes go on the bottom, lighter boxes and breakables on top.
Heavy branches form a wide crown in the open.
Heavy breads require a hotter oven.
Heavy breasts do create a disability, and they want to treat it definitively.
Heavy breathing is another telltale sign of illness.
Heavy brow ridges.
Heavy brush is all around and prevents easy visibility.
Heavy brush is picked up in the front of residents homes or at designated pickup location.
Heavy bundles are hard to manage.
Heavy calibers can present a problem when it comes to grip design.
Heavy canvas cover with special filler.
Heavy casualties ensue until the reinforcements arrive.
Heavy chain has one V region and three or more C-regions.
Heavy chains are difficult to handle.
Heavy chains are fish of cool environs and deep structure.
Heavy children are far more likely than children of normal weight to grow up into overweight adults.
Heavy children risk more widespread health complaints.
Heavy chum is the way to go the people who work at it do best.
Heavy clay drains slowly, meaning it stays saturated longer after rain or irrigation.
Heavy clay drains slowly, which means that stays saturated longer after rain or irrigation.
Heavy clay is a typical problem soil.
Heavy clay is difficult to work with, compacts easily when it is wet and holds a lot of water.
Heavy clay is preferable to lightweight plastic.
Heavy clippings can smother the grass.
Heavy cloud cover.
Heavy clouds cap the mountain crests.
Heavy clouds hang low over a dilapidated homestead in the Midwest, foretelling a possible tornado.
Heavy coats produce white opaque areas instead of the desired translucent pearl shade.
Some heavy coats help cold weather.
Some heavy coats help weather.
Some heavy coats help yaks.
Heavy combat uses rattan weapons, and rapier combat uses modified modern fencing equipment.
Heavy communication has noticeable impact on the performance of the application.
Heavy concentration is place on written composition.
Heavy concentration occurs in areas.
Heavy concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Most heavy concentration occurs in areas.
Most heavy concentration occurs in pollute areas.
Heavy conditioners coat the hair and prevent the color from penetrating completely.
Heavy consequences can also follow in the case of a technical fault.
Heavy construction appears to have closed several roads.
Heavy construction consists of metal arms.
Heavy construction ensures vibration free working.
Heavy construction is a welcome sound.
Heavy construction is under way.
Heavy construction means decades of operation with no rust.
Heavy consumption can cause anxiety, dizziness, insomnia, and heart palpitations.
Heavy consumption causes cirrhosis of the liver and other physical problems.
Heavy consumption interferes with thyroid function.
Heavy contamination results in diseases.
Heavy cooking tends to destroy indoles, curtailing their antiestrogen and anticancer effect.
Heavy cover demands heavy equipment.
Heavy cover is nasty and grabby.
Heavy cream is cream
Heavy cream is cream.
Heavy cream is lower in lactose than light cream, which in turn is lower than whole milk.
Heavy cream is used for filling and decorating pastries.
Heavy cream is used instead of butter.
Heavy cream is wonderful, but light is fine.
Some heavy cream makes delicious sauces.
Some heavy cream makes sauces.
Heavy crud needs more.
Heavy crude is about seven barrels per ton.
Heavy crude weighs about seven barrels per ton.
Heavy cruisers sound good, but they're way too slow to keep up with an attacking fleet.
Heavy crust covers the surface of the ecthyma ulcer.
Heavy crystal includes vases and light crystal is used in items such as wine glasses.
Heavy cultures tend to contain non-adherent cells.
Heavy current induced by the washers require that they be made of extremely low resistance metal.
Heavy curtains cover the windows, and a strange and pungent odor perfumes the air.
Heavy curves represent mass reactances , light curves compliant reactances .
Heavy cuts are exempt and, no further review necessary, if one of the following conditions apply.
Heavy damage can reduce the vigor of the tree.
Heavy damage increases the chance of breaking during storms and shortens the life of the tree.
Heavy damage shows up as yellow or bronze areas and damaged foliage often drops from the plant.
Heavy damask cover with thick quilted top.
Heavy debt is a constant factor of their lives.
Heavy debts undermine the capacity of our countries to make positive adjustments.
Heavy defoliation can be a problem on severely infected plants, especially in the fall.
Heavy defoliation can lead to growth loss and tree mortality.
Heavy defoliation causes trees to appear grey or greyish-brown and tree crowns to appear thin.
Heavy demands have a major effect on the availability of money.
Heavy denim coveralls with embroidered logos.
Heavy density accelerates the heartbeat, which is dangerous for heart disease patients.
Heavy desserts are out.
Heavy dew can provide water.
Heavy dew favours disease.
Heavy dews are often enough moisture for successful infection of the mites by parasitic fungi.
Heavy doors are difficult to open and close.
Heavy doses act quickly to quell whooping cough and croup.
Heavy doses can also lead to nausea and vomiting.
Heavy doses can cause respiratory depression, circulatory collapse, cardiac arrest and death.
Heavy doses can impair judgment, cause drowsiness and confusion, and noticeably slur speech.
Heavy downpours are infrequent but gentle rains and drizzle occur frequently during winter months.
Heavy downpours can turn a lake muddy in a hurry.
Heavy drapes hang on the tall window.
Heavy drinkers consume four or more drinks daily.
Heavy drinkers develop peptic ulcers more frequently than non-alcoholics.
Heavy drinkers find it extremely difficult to refrain from drinking.
Heavy drinkers have a high risk of cancer of the liver.
Heavy drinkers have a higher tolerance to alcohol.
Heavy drinkers have higher rates of esophageal cancers and gastric carcinomas.
Heavy drinkers raise their risk of cancers of the mouth, larynx and esophagus.
Heavy drinkers tend to starve - they eat little or have limited, inferior food choices.
Many heavy drinkers get headaches when they try to quit.
Heavy dumbbells are necessary.
Heavy duty bearing plates use ball bearings instead of needle bearings for extended bearing life.
Heavy duty blades for undercutting the corners of the toe nails.
Heavy duty blades with scissor cutting angle.
Heavy duty crossbars with top and bottom alternating welds increase lateral strength.
Heavy duty die cast aluminum enclosure with rubber feet.
Heavy duty die cast base.
Heavy duty fold down handle and latch.
Heavy duty handle for meat piercing applications.
Heavy duty handle ideal for meat piercing applications.
Heavy duty handle.
Heavy duty is recommended for customers who live in locations that can expect snow accumulations.
Heavy duty is standard, extra heavy duty designs are available.
Heavy duty locking casters and pull bars provide easy maneuverability.
Heavy duty pre-galvanized coated wire grill holds in one or two suet cakes or one suet block.
Heavy duty stand with lockable casters.
Heavy duty stands that are lightweight.
Heavy duty tapered bearings insure dependable operations, including trailering over long distance.
Heavy duty tapping sleeve lug system provides for higher bolt torque capabilities.
Heavy elements are needed to make living things.
Heavy elements have a choice now.
Heavy elements have more neutrons than protons.
Heavy elements sink to bottoms.
Heavy elements sink to the bottom while lighter elements float to the top, and gases rise there too.
Most heavy elements sink to bottoms.
Heavy emphasis is given to distribution design and distribution system analysis.
Heavy emphasis is given to distribution system design and analysis.
Heavy emphasis is given to films depicting major periods or events of the war.
Heavy emphasis is given to the interplay between business functions and the leisure business.
Heavy emphasis is on acting, directing and staging.
Heavy emphasis is on analytical interpretation of ratios.
Heavy emphasis is on case analysis.
Heavy emphasis is on independent research by students.
Heavy emphasis is on leadership experience to get promoted to management.
Heavy emphasis is on negotiation skills.
Heavy emphasis is on path testing.
Heavy emphasis is on phonological awareness and sound-symbol identification.
Heavy emphasis is on the use of ratios to evaluate the statements.
Heavy emphasis is place on the use of concepts to solve problems.
Heavy emphasis is placed on ambulatory management strategies and on patient education.
Heavy emphasis is placed on analytical and writing skills.
Heavy emphasis is placed on applications.
Heavy emphasis is placed on applying various diagnostic models.
Heavy emphasis is placed on building writing, communication and organizational skills.
Heavy emphasis is placed on case analysis.
Heavy emphasis is placed on checklists for making home-risk assessments.
Heavy emphasis is placed on class discussion.
Heavy emphasis is placed on collaboration with classmates as professional colleagues.
Heavy emphasis is placed on collaborative group study.
Heavy emphasis is placed on communication through photography.
Heavy emphasis is placed on compensation and benefit management.
Heavy emphasis is placed on comprehensively acquiring current titles published in English.
Heavy emphasis is placed on crime scene sketching and fingerprint analysis.
Heavy emphasis is placed on developing critical writing skills.
Heavy emphasis is placed on European systems.
Heavy emphasis is placed on examples in the American political system.
Heavy emphasis is placed on geography and government.
Heavy emphasis is placed on hands-on problem solving.
Heavy emphasis is placed on implementation throughout the program.
Heavy emphasis is placed on interactive group projects and implications for management.
Heavy emphasis is placed on keeping up with the industry and even influencing it where possible.
Heavy emphasis is placed on laboratory work, fabricating circuits and their controlling software.
Heavy emphasis is placed on laboratory work.
Heavy emphasis is placed on management teams, overall market size and rapid growth situations.
Heavy emphasis is placed on management.
Heavy emphasis is placed on New England printers.
Heavy emphasis is placed on objective exams.
Heavy emphasis is placed on patient management.
Heavy emphasis is placed on phonics, word attack, vocabulary, and comprehension.
Heavy emphasis is placed on practical application of the materials discussed.
Heavy emphasis is placed on prioritizing lifestyles to best benefit the student-athlete.
Heavy emphasis is placed on racing - which means sacrificing weekends and money to travel.
Heavy emphasis is placed on reading, writing and oral communication skills.
Heavy emphasis is placed on real-world problem solving, data modeling, graphing, and team work.
Heavy emphasis is placed on recognition of cause and effect relationships.
Heavy emphasis is placed on research.
Heavy emphasis is placed on skill development and on understanding central logical concepts.
Heavy emphasis is placed on standards compliance to ensure integration among disparate products.
Heavy emphasis is placed on student s individual lessons and lesson progress in grade computation.
Heavy emphasis is placed on technical studies, combined with practical hands-on experience.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the adjective honest .
Heavy emphasis is placed on the definition and significance of accounting terminology.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the development of social skills and receptive language.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the development of technical accounting skills.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the hardware action.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the importance of music as a performing art.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the issues and debates of the field.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the mechanisms by which the syntheses and transformations occur.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the personalities behind major concepts and developments.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the presentation and interpretation of results.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the proper preparation and writing of research reports.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the research base underlying teaching.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the role of hormones in women s lives.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the role of hormones in women's lives.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the symbolism of the place, the clothing, the actions, and the words.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the use of a half-split method of troubleshooting.
Heavy emphasis is placed on the use of test instruments.
Heavy emphasis is placed on using students' personal computers to design and prepare presentations.
Heavy emphasis is placed on using technology and applying math from other disciplines.
Heavy emphasis is placed on utilizing available technology to complete individual projects.
Heavy emphasis is placed on water safety.
Heavy emphasis is placed upon experience with user education programs.
Heavy emphasis is placed upon methods of problem formulation and problem solving.
Heavy equipment begins the task of altering the grade of the site.
Heavy equipment can compact soil, leading to increased runoff.
Heavy equipment gets possible with it.
Heavy equipment is brought in.
Heavy equipment is denoted by yellow paint, such as the dump trucks that plow snow in the winter.
Heavy equipment is everywhere.
Heavy equipment is in the administrative area.
Heavy equipment is located in construction sites.
Heavy equipment is needed to rebuild the worst stretches of track damage.
Heavy equipment is often necessary to pile trees together so they can be burned.
Heavy equipment is on the site and began swimming pools.
Heavy equipment is used to break the stone apart into huge slabs.
Heavy equipment is used to clear the land of trees and shrubs.
Heavy equipment is used to remove invasive, non-native plants.
Heavy equipment is used to stack and move containers in the containerized freight facilities.
Heavy equipment requires rigid, heavy bases.
Heavy exercise affects the body's supply of sodium, potassium, iron and calcium.
Heavy exercise increases bone density and thus more protection against fractures.
Some heavy exoskeletons compose of chitin.
Heavy fabric is the best material for appliqui.
Heavy fabric requires a heavy, or larger, needle.
Heavy fall rains before the winter freeze.
Heavy feeders are any vegetable that takes a lot of nutrients out of the soil in order to grow.
Heavy fermions straddle the boundary between localized and itinerant states in a solid.
Heavy fertilization promotes rampant growth and increases the plant's invasive tendencies.
Heavy fighting continues despite Serbian assurances that the offensive is over.
Heavy fighting continues with no end in sight.
Heavy fighting continues.
Heavy fighting is under way around the town.
Heavy fighting takes place.
Heavy fines apply for infringement.
Heavy fire is exchanged between both sides.
Heavy flag extends and flaps more vigorously.
Heavy flag extends fully and flaps only at the end.
Heavy flak guards a juicy target.
Heavy flowers create a weeping effect.
Heavy flywheels cause locos to coast when throttles are off.
Heavy focus is given to manufacturing and maintenance testing environments.
Heavy focus is placed on the role opinions play in today's media.
Heavy fog appears to have been a contributing factor in the accident.
Heavy fog is defined as visibility below one quarter of a mile.
Heavy fog is sometimes a problem in the area.
Heavy fog occurs mostly during the winter and early spring.
Heavy fogs are common along the coast in summer.
Heavy fogs are infrequent.
Heavy fogs are rare, and are confined chiefly to the coast.
Heavy fogs float in from the bay, causing street lights to flicker and shadows to move.
Heavy foliage can absorb signals.
Heavy foliage can make it impossible to get good exterior pictures.
Heavy footsteps approach from the outside.
Heavy forums are usually fast and furious, because opinions vary greatly on the subject.
Heavy frames are useful when substantial snowpack and high winds occur at the same time.
Heavy freight dominates our roads.
Heavy freight is more casilv carried over water than over land.
Heavy frost can damage it.
Heavy frost overworks the the equipment.
Heavy fruit is juicier and more flavorful.
Heavy fuel is required on board ship for safe operation.
Heavy fuels are custom blended to customer specifications that include sulphur levels.
Some heavy fur provides insulation.
Heavy furniture is overturned and damaged.
Heavy furniture is overturned.
Heavy gantry is precision machined straight before rails are mounted.
Heavy glass cast in epoxy resin creates an architectural statement.
Heavy graphics go better with way-fast modems.
Heavy graphics makes loading slightly slower than usual.
Heavy graphics take too long to download, anyway.
Heavy graphics take up space and slow a Web site down.
Heavy grazing can destroy habitat.
Heavy grazing can enhance colonization of alkali sida by removing competing vegetation.
Heavy grazing can reduce grain yields.
Heavy grazing can weaken root systems increasing moisture stress Grow leaves, stems, roots and buds.
Heavy grazing destroys the value of shelterbelts for nesting, brood rearing and general cover.
Heavy grazing produces a small, stunted forage crop.
Heavy grazing reduces tall grass cover and increases patchiness of the remaining cover.
Heavy growth appears only along the stab.
Heavy hardware is brought to bear against the softies.
Heavy harrows are ideal to clean up lodged crops.
Heavy harrows can also satisfy the incorporation requirements of some herbicides.
Heavy haul locomotives travel the breadth of the Hottest continent on earth.
Heavy headers can tip the combine to the front.
Heavy helmets increase the risk of falling.
A heavy hitter is an adult
Heavy hitters are on the shipped semen roster as well.
Heavy hitters can go for broke and hit over or place the shot off to the sides.
Heavy horses suffer from thirsts.
Most heavy horses are coldbloods.
Most heavy horses suffer from thirsts.
Heavy ice is still prevalent on the lower half of the river.
Heavy immigration begins.
Heavy industries includes the construction of railway rolling stock, copper and zinc smelting.
Heavy industry is based on petroleum and lignite.
Heavy industry is different.
Heavy industry is emphasized, along with massive public works projects.
Heavy industry is government-owned.
Heavy industry is limited to a few aerospace contractors.
Heavy industry is of course only found outside the urban areas.
Heavy industry is represented by a petroleum refinery and by cement works and ironworks.
Heavy industry is still important in Pueblo.
Heavy industry is, without question, struggling.
Heavy industry plays the leading part in economy of the modern Eastern Kazakhstan.
Heavy infantry are the standing figures.
Heavy infection can kill up to one in four young calves.
Heavy infection can result in defoliation.
Heavy infection causes premature senescence of leaves and defoliation.
Heavy infection causes severe protein deficiency or iron deficiency anemia.
Heavy infection leads to defoliation and therefore chemical control is advisable.
Heavy infections can also affect the fertility level of eggs and thus reproduction.
Heavy infections can cause diarrhea, loss of appetite and weight loss.
Heavy infections can cause serious disease and even be fatal.
Heavy infections can even result in complications leading to acute or chronic disability.
Heavy infections can occur from autoinfection.
Heavy infections can seriously defoliate a plant.
Heavy infections cause leaves to become misshapen, turn yellow, and drop off.
Heavy infections kill horses.
Heavy infections kill leaflets and cause severe defoliation.
Heavy infections result in mild anemia and eosinophilia, but infections are usually asymptomatic.
Heavy infestation can cause leaf and plant death.
Heavy infestation can cause stunting, yellowing of foliage, and leaf drop.
Heavy infestation can make the entire plant look brown and dead.
Heavy infestation causes acute anaemia and blood loss in sheep, leading to death.
Heavy infestation causes needle loss and ultimate mortality of the tree.
Heavy infestation causes stunting and distortion of fruits and plants.
Heavy infestation is indicated by a graying of the leaves which lead to defoliation.
Heavy infestation is visible when the leaves begin to yellow and possibly drop.
Heavy infestations affect the plant s vigor and lead to death of the plant.
Heavy infestations appear as an overdose of fertilizer that has caked around the grass nodes.
Heavy infestations are capable of rendering fruit inedible due to the buildup of thick white wax.
Heavy infestations are difficult to control.
Heavy infestations are especially dangerous.
Heavy infestations are even more harmful causing leaf drop and severely stressing trees.
Heavy infestations are generally a product of crowding.
Heavy infestations are more common in urban areas than in natural settings.
Heavy infestations are more difficult to control.
Heavy infestations are often very localized.
Heavy infestations can also cause needles to become yellow or die.
Heavy infestations can bronze an entire tree.
Heavy infestations can cause complete loss of crops.
Heavy infestations can cause curling of leaves and malformation of branches and nuts.
Heavy infestations can cause decreased vitality of the tree, thus reducing fruit production.
Heavy infestations can cause defoliation and reduce fruit size and quality.
Heavy infestations can cause leaf drop.
Heavy infestations can cause life threatening blood loss anemias, especially in young animals.
Heavy infestations can cause loss of weight.
Heavy infestations can cause premature leaf drop.
Heavy infestations can cause the entire leaf to turn yellow and drop prematurely.
Heavy infestations can cause yield losses.
Heavy infestations can cover the leaves with very fine webbing.
Heavy infestations can cut down on photosynthesis, which in turn can hurt blooming.
Heavy infestations can defoliate and kill small pines.
Heavy infestations can defoliate infested shrubs.
Heavy infestations can defoliate plants and reduce yields.
Heavy infestations can develop quickly, and severely defoliate the crop, reducing yield.
Heavy infestations can get so thick they look like the shingles on the roof of a house.
Heavy infestations can kill a plant.
Heavy infestations can kill an entire lawn in as few as four days.
Heavy infestations can kill branches and even cause the decline and death of the tree.
Heavy infestations can kill calves and even adult cattle.
Heavy infestations can kill limbs and eventually the whole tree.
Heavy infestations can kill plants.
Heavy infestations can kill the tree.
Heavy infestations can kill tree tops and permanently deform their growth.
Heavy infestations can kill twigs, branches and even entire trees.
Heavy infestations can lead to further decline by shading out the lower leaves of the tree.
Heavy infestations can occur before fruit has even set.
Heavy infestations can occur in spring and summer and cause heavy defoliation of younger trees.
Heavy infestations can reduce numbers of blooms.
Heavy infestations can reduce plant growth or kill plants.
Heavy infestations can reduce stream flow.
Heavy infestations can reduce tree growth rate and vigor and cause some twig dieback.
Heavy infestations can result in complete loss of crops.
Heavy infestations can result in low kernel weight and scarring of the pecan shell.
Heavy infestations can result in significant blood loss.
Heavy infestations can weaken and even kW mature trees.
Heavy infestations cause a lightening or yellowing of the leaves of infested plants.
Heavy infestations cause blistering of leaves that can seriously impair leaf function.
Heavy infestations cause decline of plant vigor.
Heavy infestations cause diarrhea , nausea , and abdominal pain.
Heavy infestations cause die-back and can kill entire plants.
Heavy infestations cause dieback of twigs and branches.
Heavy infestations cause grain to spoil and heat.
Heavy infestations cause honeydew and sooty mold on the fruit and galls on the plant parts.
Heavy infestations cause leaf wilting.
Heavy infestations cause leaves to wilt and to drop prematurely.
Heavy infestations cause raised burrows that can be detected on the bark surface.
Heavy infestations cause rapid leaf shed.
Heavy infestations cause severe leaf drop.
Heavy infestations cause the entire leaf to turn yellow and drop prematurely.
Heavy infestations cause the leaves to appear gray-green or rusty in color.
Heavy infestations cause the leaves to turn pale green or yellow and fall off.
Heavy infestations cause the margins of terminal leaves to cup.
Heavy infestations cause wilting bark cracking, and branch dieback.
Heavy infestations cause wilting, bark cracking, and branch dieback.
Heavy infestations cover the plants with a sticky honeydew.
Heavy infestations cover the plants with a sticky syrup called honeydew.
Heavy infestations deposit honeydew on lower leaves and objects beneath the tree.
Heavy infestations develop noticeable amounts of very fine webbing.
Heavy infestations eat away the developing flower buds and can severely reduce yields.
Heavy infestations end with the plant covered in sticky syrup called honeydew.
Heavy infestations form fine webbing on the leaves.
Heavy infestations form fine webbing.
Heavy infestations give the bark surface a flaky appearance.
Heavy infestations give the trees a ragged appearance and destroy their beauty.
Heavy infestations give the trees a ragged appearance, destroying their beauty.
Heavy infestations give the trees a ragged, unsightly appearance.
Heavy infestations have a sweet or minty odor.
Heavy infestations lead to swelling, hardening and darkening of the skin.
Heavy infestations leads to reduced tree vitality.
Heavy infestations produce a cloud-like swarm when the plant is shaken.
Heavy infestations produce frail, silky webbing and can cause plant to die.
Heavy infestations reduce range quality and carrying capacity.
Heavy infestations reduce the amount of growth produced by the plant.
Heavy infestations require higher rates or higher carrier volumes to achieve adequate control.
Heavy infestations result in leaf loss and eventually plant death.
Heavy infestations result in severe bronzing of foliage and premature defoliation.
Heavy infestations result in significantly deformed, stunted growth and occasionally twig die-back.
Heavy infestations result in stunted and distorted new growth.
Heavy infestations result in turf dying in irregular patches.
Heavy infestations result in under nourished and deformed bees.
Heavy infestations stunt plants, cause deformed growth and reduce yield.
Heavy infestations weaken muscles.
Heavy infestations weaken plants and cause branches to die.
Heavy infestations weaken the flower-bearing stems.
Heavy infestations weaken trees, which can eventually die.
Heavy insulation ensures that the temperature between mask and flesh hovers in the stifling zone.
Heavy insulation keeps drinks cold all day.
Heavy intoxication can lead to shallow breathing and loss of consciousness .
Heavy ions are large atoms without their electrons.
Heavy ions radiate heat.
Heavy iron latches close on their own, as if locking the door against unwanted intruders.
Heavy items can damage the fill or supply pipes.
Heavy items cost more to launch and power supplies are limited on spacecraft.
Heavy items cost more to launch, and power supplies are limited on space probes.
Heavy items go in first.
Heavy javelins are actually a superb tool for development.
Heavy jigs get down fast and stay below the boat.
Heavy leather is used to reinforce lacing pin holes.
Heavy line floats the bait better, but is a handicap when longer casts are needed.
Heavy line indicates monthend levels for current period.
Heavy line is needed handle the heavy hitters, like Kings.
Heavy lines are important for Plunking to keep the spin glows from tangling.
Heavy lines are more pronounced, while thin lines are more delicate.
Heavy lines are more visible to the bass.
Heavy lines are region boundaries and lighter lines are province boundaries.
Heavy lines indicate location of the rise axis.
Heavy loads are another cause of cracking in asphalt.
Heavy loads can cause wheel bearings to fail, axle shafts to break and wheels to fall off.
Heavy loads do tend to slow down the server, but for the most part, it serves well.
Heavy loads increase drag.
Heavy lodging reduces the flow of nutrients and moisture to the pods and seeds of the plant.
Heavy lorries are used to carry deliveries and heavy loads.
Heavy lorries trundle past on their way to the pet food factory and tyre distribution plant.
Heavy losses begin.
Heavy machines are more difficult to haul out of a cupboard, but they're also more stable .
Heavy machinery can be very destructive to the valleys.
Heavy machinery cuts away at a flattened building.
Heavy machinery is used for site preparation as done in agriculture.
Heavy machinery leaves deep scars and ruts.
Heavy machinery wrecks the site, compacts soils, damages ecology.
Some heavy machinery causes damage.
Heavy materials sink in water.
Heavy mesh grating on the floor of the upper corridor allows close scrutiny of activity below.
Heavy mesh is also available for use on our cages and patio aviaries.
Heavy metal is about screaming vocals, loud drums, heavy guitars and lightning fast solos.
Heavy metal is alloy.
Heavy metal is magazines.
Heavy metal is metal.
Heavy metal is metallic elements.
Heavy metal is music.
Heavy metal is right behind.
Heavy metal is rock music
Heavy metal is rock music.
Heavy metal is used to increase the chances of intercepting gamma rays.
Heavy metals accumulate in marina sediments.
Heavy metals accumulate through food ingestion and by incidental soil ingestion of soil.
Heavy metals are a concern with some sludge composts.
Heavy metals are a threat to human health and ecosystem health.
Heavy metals are also among the important offending agents capable of producing nephrotoxicity.
Heavy metals are also natural components of the Earth's crust.
Heavy metals are among the most harmful of the elemental pollutants.
Heavy metals are elements from a variety of natural and human sources.
Heavy metals are hard to remove from the body because they are so reactive.
Heavy metals are hazardous both as dusts and as fumes.
Heavy metals are highly disruptive to normal brain function.
Heavy metals are natural constituents of the Earth's crust.
Heavy metals are no problem, bulk only.
Heavy metals are potentially cytotoxic, caricinogenic and mutagenic.
Heavy metals are relatively immobile and remain in soils long after sludge applications have ceased.
Heavy metals are the group of elements that include lead, mercury, copper and others.
Heavy metals are the most dangerous metals.
Heavy metals are the most dangerous types of air pollutants and include mercury, lead and cadmium.
Heavy metals are thought of as active ingredients by advocates of Indian herbal medicinal products.
Heavy metals are toxic to aquatic life and can potentially contaminate ground water.
Heavy metals are unlikely to be present in sufficient levels to cause problems with short term use.
Heavy metals are well known toxic agents for living organisms.
Heavy metals are, in general, foreign to the body.
Heavy metals attach to sulfhydryl groups.
Heavy metals can build up in animal and plant tissues and can be highly toxic.
Heavy metals can cause blood disorders and affect vital organs such as the liver and the kidneys.
Heavy metals can definately affect the immune system.
Heavy metals can have a negative impact on aquatic ecosystems, the food chain, and human health.
Heavy metals cause neurological problems.
Heavy metals cause proteins to precipitate, causing depth.
Heavy metals cause the most problems, since even low doses are toxic.
Heavy metals damage the liver, kidneys, and reproductive organs as well as being carcinogenic.
Heavy metals enter the environment from a variety of sources.
Heavy metals get into the civilian population via the air and food chain.
Heavy metals have different effects on fish.
Heavy metals pose a significant hazard to the environment and human health.
Heavy metals react to form less soluble sulfides or sulfide-coated particles.
Heavy metals react to form sulfides or sulfidecoated particles which are less soluble.
Heavy metals See toxic metals.
Heavy metals tainting ground-water supplies are part of that legacy.
Heavy metals tend to accumulate in fish livers.
Heavy metals uptake in bryozoans.
Heavy metals used in water pipes can bring lead, cadmium, copper, iron and zinc to our taps.
All heavy metal is good metal.
Every heavy metal is black with a vaguely Nazi typeface and some howling wolf on the side.
Many heavy metals BIND to tissues.
Most heavy metals are also excellent conductors.
Most heavy metals are toxic to the body.
Some heavy metal causes health problems.
Some heavy metal causes major health problems.
Some heavy metal causes major problems.
Some heavy metal causes problems.
Some heavy metals can cause cancer after long or heavy exposures.
Some heavy metals share a long history with microbes.
Heavy milk producing sows have difficulty eating enough feed to maintain their condition.
Heavy milkers are more prone to mastitis.
Many heavy minerals are black and make up what are commonly referred to as 'black sands'.
Heavy molecules diffuse more slowly than light molecules.
Heavy mortality is associated with migration.
Heavy names mingle with heavy riddims, too.
Heavy netting draped over the pens keeps the pheasants from getting loose.
Many heavy nuclei emit an energetic alpha particle when they decay.
Many heavy nuclei are unstable.
Heavy numbers can cause leaf distortion and brownish areas.
Heavy numbers can completely destroy a planting.
Heavy nylon knit cuffs, collar, and waistband keep the chill out.
Heavy objects carried by the wind can cause significant structural damage.
Heavy objects decrease the energy of a field and are to be in the negative field.
Heavy objects decrease the energy potential of a field and are to be in the negative field.
Heavy objects fall toward the earth.
Heavy objects have a tendency to sift through the peanuts and rest against the box.
Heavy objects have lots of mass.
Heavy oil is a no-no for baitcasters.
Heavy oil is known to contain highly toxic compounds.
Heavy oil is thick, with the consistency of cold molasses.
Heavy oil is used in the production of asphalt.
Some heavy oil has bottoms.
Heavy outlines indicate nuclei that are produced only by the s-process.
Heavy overtime can strain blue-collar families, research finds.
Heavy packs can hurt their backs.
Heavy packs tend to tire climbers the most.
Heavy paddles equal slower cyclic response, while lighter paddles have the opposite effect.
Heavy pans hold the heat and distribute it evenly.
Heavy paper can add stiffness to the plastic case.
Heavy paper is durable and long lasting.
Heavy paragraphs slow the read.
Heavy pellets offer more resistance to wind and that is their big advantage.
Heavy penalties apply for late assignments.
Heavy penalties apply to drivers exceeding speed or alcohol limits.
Heavy penalties apply to drivers exceeding the limits.
Heavy penalties apply to offenders.
Heavy penalties apply to possession and supply of heroin.
Heavy penalties can apply for failure to adhere to the legal requirements.
Heavy people are more powerful.
Heavy people experience greater gains and lighter people experience less gains.
Heavy people have a harder time burning calories when they're exercising.
Heavy people tend to possess high concentrations of cholesterol and triglycerides in their blood.
Heavy phones handles incoming phone calls and places outgoing phone calls for attorney.
Heavy planes can survive some serious damage, but they have slow acceleration.
Heavy plastic covered board is hinged to allow easy placement and cleans up easily.
Heavy plates permit high discharge rates and stable performance over a wide range of temperatures.
Heavy play hurts conditions at times.
Heavy pollution casts a shroud over Havana.
Heavy pollution casts a shroud over the city.
Heavy polyester is excellent for children's pants.
Heavy populations can do extensive damage, particularly on seedlings or young plants.
Heavy populations can kill branches or entire plants.
Heavy populations can kill small plants and reduce kernel size in larger plants.
Heavy populations can severely defoliate and kill plants.
Heavy populations cause plants to yellow and wilt.
Heavy populations kill many an ornamental arborvitae and juniper.
Heavy populations occur on pine and spruce in alternate years.
Heavy populations produce a lot of honeydew, which leads to the development of sooty mold.
Heavy precipitation can occur, brief rain showers that can be severe, occur in several episodes.
Heavy precipitation is observed over large areas of the tropical continents.
Heavy precipitation is possible.
Heavy precipitation is the result.
Heavy precipitation occurs during mild winters which are dominated by mid-latitude cyclones.
Heavy precipitation reflects more energy back to the radar than light precipitation.
Heavy presses used to remove the remaining water from the paper are in the background.
Heavy pressure is applied to the drill.
Heavy pressure is applied to the plate to extract the ink from the plate to the paper.
Heavy pressure is applied to the plate to extract the ink to the paper.
Heavy pride is involved, and it is understandable that both India and Pakistan claim Kashmir.
Heavy promotion generates enthusiastic interest in new homes.
Heavy proteinuria can damage the kidney if it is present over a long period of time.
Heavy pumps move the rainwater.
Heavy rail can be one of the most nicest forms of public transit.
Heavy rail is defined as an electric railway with the capacity for a heavy volume of traffic.
Heavy rail is defined as an electric railway with the capacity for a heavy volumn of traffic.
Heavy rain accompanied by high winds and extreme temperatures are means of natural control.
Heavy rain accompanies severe windstorm.
Heavy rain accompanies windstorm.
Heavy rain begins.
Heavy rain calls for a different tactic.
Heavy rain can also produce dense fog that limits visibility.
Heavy rain can blow out the river.
Heavy rain can cause flooding.
Heavy rain can cause floods.
Heavy rain can cause the abscisic acid to be washed out.
Heavy rain can cause widespread flooding.
Heavy rain can create flash floods.
Heavy rain can disrupt mating and egg-laying.
Heavy rain can lead to flooding.
Heavy rain can occur with little warning and even small streams are dangerous in flood.
Heavy rain cancels the hike.
Heavy rain cancels the ride.
Heavy rain cancels the tour.
Heavy rain causes landslide.
Heavy rain causes the cliffs to become waterlogged.
Heavy rain combined with rapid snowmelt is conducive to flash flooding.
Heavy rain continues after the winds decrease.
Heavy rain continues over Nicaragua and El Salvador.
Heavy rain creates conditions.
Heavy rain creates favorable conditions.
Heavy rain falls at a rate greater than four millimetres per hour.
Heavy rain falls on rapidly melting snow.
Heavy rain indicates a strong downdraft within a thunderstorm.
Heavy rain is forecast for other parts of the country, with the risk of flooding in low-lying areas.
Heavy rain is forecast for the Ohio Valley for tonight along with very windy conditions.
Heavy rain is made by all the fingers on each hand hitting the floor quickly together.
Heavy rain is one of the major causes of soil erosion.
Heavy rain is produced by thunderstorms.
Heavy rain is still a serious threat because of slow movement.
Heavy rain is unfavorable for rust because it tends to wash the spores off the leaves.
Heavy rain is video games.
Heavy rain makes roads and streets slick and dangerous.
Heavy rain moves into areas.
Heavy rain occurs in years.
Heavy rain occurs over time.
Heavy rain reduces visibility.
Heavy rain triggers large numbers of males to congregate and call, forming choruses.
Heavy rains are frequent and result in excellent conditions, especially in the winter.
Heavy rains are possible today throughout the county.
Heavy rains are possible with some storms.
Heavy rains are the result, while New Guinea to the west is now rather dry.
Heavy rains are the usual cause.
Heavy rains can also cause alkalinity to decline.
Heavy rains can also cause the lack of calcium, washing valuable nutrients out of the soil.
Heavy rains can also dislodge aphids.
Heavy rains can also slow egg laying.
Heavy rains can also undercut banks or form new ditches.
Heavy rains can carry sediment, nutrients, and bacteria into surface waters.
Heavy rains can cause erosion.
Heavy rains can cause flash floods which close roads and strands visitors.
Heavy rains can cause nitrates to leach downward in the soil below the root zone.
Heavy rains can cause serious erosion, especially of unfinished vineyards on a grade.
Heavy rains can cause swollen rivers that are difficult to ford.
Heavy rains can cause temporary washouts.
Heavy rains can erode or saturate soil and further undermine the rooting of an unstable tree.
Heavy rains can flood the bays with fresh water, reducing salinity and killing the oysters.
Heavy rains can kill immature cereal leaf beetles.
Heavy rains can make the kloof dangerous.
Heavy rains can mean heavy flooding.
Heavy rains can muddy up the water.
Heavy rains can reduce visibility to zero.
Heavy rains can result in flash flooding, inundating cars and endangering pedestrians.
Heavy rains can trigger rockslides.
Heavy rains can wash fertilizer left on the soil's surface into lakes, streams, wetlands, etc.
Heavy rains cause a river to change course, isolating two groups of lizards.
Heavy rains cause extensive damage, and the Rock River bursts the dam at Fulton.
Heavy rains cause floods with loss of life and property.
Heavy rains cause sand and rocks to be washed down to lowlands and basins.
Heavy rains cause several deaths.
Heavy rains cause stormwater runoff into the Bay.
Heavy rains come during late spring and summer and the weather turns hot and humid.
Heavy rains continue and the water level in all the major rivers is steadily rising.
Heavy rains continue falling in the provinces along the Pacific coast.
Heavy rains continue to fall.
Heavy rains create flooding problems throughout county.
Heavy rains create problems with roads in some areas.
Heavy rains end the exhibition after nine innings.
Heavy rains erode topsoil, which contains organic matter nutrient-poor subsoil remains iii.
Heavy rains fall in coastal areas during winter.
Heavy rains fall in spring and summer, but autumn is fairly dry.
Heavy rains followed by rising temperatures seem to be a trigger.
Heavy rains give way to snow and ice.
Heavy rains kill two .
Heavy rains leach away salts deposited by fertilizing and by watering with the garden hose.
Heavy rains mean temporary flooding of their homes, which are mere scrapes in the gravel.
Heavy rains nourish the forests and wash summer's dust from the natural palette.
Heavy rains prevail during the monsoon.
Heavy rains produce a hot and humid climate for most of the year.
Heavy rains produce floods which can raise a lake level several feet overnight.
Heavy rains raise the water table, and heavy pumping by water wells lowers it.
Heavy rains resulting from east coast hurricanes can occur but are very infrequent.
Heavy rains resulting from east coast hurricanes can occur, but are very infrequent.
Heavy rains saturate the soil, delaying construction.
Heavy rains saturate the surrounding soil.
Heavy rains slow down the transport of personnel and supplies.
Heavy rains soaking into a steep slope is a recipe for mudslides.
Heavy rains tend to aid in dissemination of the pathogen.
Heavy rains turn buff singletrack into soup.
Heavy rains turn clear spawning streams murky.
Heavy rains wash contaminants into the river from sewer overflows and stormwater runoff.
Heavy rains wash oil into the pond.
Heavy rains wash pollen from the air, making outings more comfortable.
Heavy rains wash record amounts of nutrients off the land and into the Bay.
More heavy rain is predicted.
More heavy rain means the situation can change overnight.
More heavy rain slows the work.
Most heavy rain creates conditions.
Most heavy rain creates favorable conditions.
Most heavy rain is produced by thunderstorms.
Most heavy rain occurs in years.
Most heavy rain occurs over time.
Most heavy rain reduces visibility.
Some heavy rain accompanies hurricanes.
Some heavy rain leads to accumulation.
Some heavy rain leads to events.
Some heavy rain leads to flood events.
Heavy rainfall amounts werepredicted to the southeast of the observed.
Heavy rainfall brings flooding regularly.
Heavy rainfall can also damage crops and speed up the loss of soil.
Heavy rainfall can cause temporary increases in some lake levels.
Heavy rainfall can drown small larvae and reduce numbers by more than half.
Heavy rainfall carries organic debris into the spring and clouds the water.
Heavy rainfall causes flooding of the Arkansas river through Pueblo.
Heavy rainfall continues to impact a major part of the country.
Heavy rainfall contributes to the development of large mosquito populations.
Heavy rainfall damaging the skin and prolonged wetting of the skin are common factors.
Heavy rainfall decreases population sizes.
Heavy rainfall favors more severe diseases.
Heavy rainfall favours the development of severe disease.
Heavy rainfall is also detrimental.
Heavy rainfall is also likely.
Heavy rainfall is also possible.
Heavy rainfall is expectedfrom the early hours of tomorrow in Chennai, according to weathermen.
Heavy rainfall is possible anywhere along the stationary front.
Heavy rainfall is possible with the thunderstorms.
Heavy rainfall occurs in the Eastern Lowland and also in the northern part of the Coastal Lowland.
Heavy rainfall reduces mite populations in soybeans.
Heavy rainfall results in varied vegetation and many rivers and springs.
Heavy rainfall tends to obscure the difference between mid and tall grasses.
Heavy rainfalls tend to lower carbon dioxide measurements, probably due to dilution from runoff.
Some heavy rainfall causes diseases.
Some heavy rainfall causes turbidities.
Some heavy rainfall leads to outbreaks.
Heavy rainstorms are frequent in the upper Bay.
Heavy rainstorms can quickly raise the creek levels.
Heavy rainstorms cause water to soak into the ground and help carry the salts along.
Heavy regulation can ensure optimal compliance with safety standards.
Heavy reliance is made on current case study material.
Heavy reliance is placed on high-income filers for growth in recent years.
Heavy reliance is placed on the knowledge and actions of the one competent person.
Heavy residues can encourage scale insects and mites.
Heavy resistance can be potentially harmful to developing skeletal and joint structures.
Heavy restoration is a process where the overall photo is addressed in the finest detail.
Heavy riffs combined with the purest vocals, wonderful melodies alternate deep grunts.
Heavy rigs move across the frozen, ice-covered tundra without leaving a trace.
Heavy runoff is likely in the spring, because the ground is already saturated.
Heavy sand spirals up towards the insufferable sky, then turns into columns of stone.
Heavy sauces substitute light broths.
Heavy seas can drive a ship into dangerous waters.
Heavy seas pound the sand, advance scouts for the massive assault to come.
Heavy sections cause cooling problems, trapped gases causing porosity.
Heavy security is maintained during all operations that involve the nuclear device.
Heavy sedation is administered intravenously.
Heavy set is to failure.
Heavy shade is that under trees with thick foliage, and is suitable for only a few plant species.
Heavy shades feel light.
Heavy shaft encourages the use of the large muscles.
Heavy shelf wear to paper at corners, worn through to boards on all four corners.
Heavy shelf wear to spine and corners.
Heavy shelf wear to spine extremities.
Heavy shelf wear to spine.
