Daily practice is required.
Daily practice is so very important.
Daily practice is the key to any successful venture in life.
Daily practice is the key to getting full benefit from the exercises and meditations.
Daily practice is the key to so many things.
Daily practice is the key.
Daily practice keeps skills sharp.
Daily practice Make four rounds daily during the first week.
Daily practices begin as soon as the course opens in the spring.
Daily practices consist of fitness training, skill development, and scrimmage situations.
All daily practices are FREE and open to the public.
Daily prayer builds a relationship with the divine.
Daily prayer forms the foundation of that work.
Daily prayer is a rule, a habit, a way of going about a task.
Daily prayer is an uplifting and essential part of our lives.
Daily prayer is central to their lives.
Daily prayer is more discipline than worship.
Daily prayer prevents divorce and makes marriages stronger.
Daily prayers are among the first words a child learns to speak.
Daily prayers are the best remedy for daily cares.
Daily prenatal vitamins help essential nutrients.
Daily prenatal vitamins help nutrients.
Daily preparation is tedious, but it is also a necessity.
Daily preparation is the key to successful study.
Daily prices are the first prices in each time zone.
Daily prices avail.
Daily prize draws for registered users.
Daily products are also now available for browsing.
Daily production ensures product freshness and quick turnaround on orders.
Daily production is preprogrammed and hands-on operating needs are minimized.
Daily progesterone has lousy effects on the benefits of estrogen and does nothing to help sex drive.
Daily program includes Bible instruction, art, music, computer and non-competitive recreation.
Daily program provides close supervision.
Daily programs are open to the public with nature walks, demonstrations and a touch and learn tank.
Daily programs led by naturalists are avialable to the public and to school groups.
Daily progress is essential to success.
Daily progress is measured one log at a time.
Daily protection ensures the skin's nutrition and healthy balance.
Daily publications are unbound and arranged by the Congress Session with their fortnightly indexes.
Some daily publishers respond to declining community reach by producing a portfolio of products.
Daily puzzles connect to illustrate a continuous story.
Daily qualifiers receive prizes.
Daily questions guide exploration of each topic.
Daily questions offer a direction for thinking deeply about the Scripture passages.
Daily quizzes are basically an attendance device.
Daily quotations can be a good way to start.
Daily quotes are a bonus feature of A.Word.
Daily rains come fast and hard, then dissipate quickly.
Daily rainfall is disaggregated into shorter period intensities.
Daily rainfall is used as model input.
Daily rainstorms are typical in the tropics.
Daily range is the difference between the high and low in one trading day.
Daily rate includes continental breakfast.
Daily rate includes family-style breakfast and supper, and a sack lunch for the ski area.
Daily rate includes unlimited mileage.
Daily rate is computed by dividing the average salary by number of contract days.
Daily rate is for sessions only with other events optional.
Daily rates apply to all credit card balance payments.
Daily rates apply, and full-service hookups are supplied.
Daily rates apply.
Daily rates are also available on request.
Daily rates are also available.
Daily rates are as follows.
Daily rates are available by checking in person with the parking lot attendant.
Daily rates are available during off-peak season.
Daily rates are available in the off season.
Daily rates are available.
Daily rates are for each room, single or double occupancy and include breakfast.
Daily rates are higher than weekly rates.
Daily rates are lower for extended-stay guests.
Daily rates are moderate and can be adjusted to include three excellent meals.
Daily rates are on a private pay basis.
Daily rates are per house and include a fully equipped kitchen and all linens.
Daily rates are per room and include breakfast.
Daily rates are rare.
Daily rates are too volatile.
Daily rates vary.
Daily rations encourage growth.
Most daily rations encourage growth.
Daily read time occurs during periods.
Daily reading is a homework requirement for all our students.
Daily reading is encouraged.
Daily reading is important.
Daily reading is now a requirement of almost every job.
All daily readings are available in a variety of English and Spanish translations .
Daily reality is another.
Daily reality presses too hard.
Daily recitals demonstrate the instrument's capabilities.
Daily records are available for the entire period of record for each station.
Daily recovery begins with keeping the body fueled and rested.
Daily registrants are on a space available basis.
Daily registrants can receive credit for each day in attendance.
Daily registrants can receive credit for each day of attendance.
Daily registrants receive lunch and material only.
Daily registration includes social event tickets for that day.
Daily registration is also available.
Daily registrations are only for the events of the day.
Daily rehearsals are now in full swing at the school.
Daily rehearsals keep the dancers strong and fit for the rigors of performance.
Daily relaxation is important - meditation tapes are available.
Daily releases are available for download .
Daily releases mean there is always enough water.
Daily rental is available on a variety of boats.
Daily rentals are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Daily rentals are possible with advance booking.
Daily rentals can be one to four consecutive days depending on the rate booked.
All daily rentals receive daily housekeeping, and laundry facilities are on the premises as well.
Daily repetition does the job if continued faithfully.
Daily report includes subscriber count, new subscribers, unsubscribes and bounce removals.
Daily report is a consolidation of shift reports.
Daily reports allow the marketing staff to see how often documents are being viewed.
Daily reports are also available via Lotus Notes.
Daily reports are available for transactions or activity on accounts.
Daily reports are available.
Daily reports pinpoint every aspect of ridership and fare payments.
Daily reports show an hourly breakdown detailing peek and low hours.
Daily research is varied and hypothesis driven depending on prior experimental results.
Daily research supports a frequently updated database.
Daily responsibilities can become difficult.
Daily rest is also important, get it.
Daily rides take from five to eight hours each.
Daily risottos are always interesting and delicious.
Daily ritual seems essential to mental and spiritual health.
Daily routes take about four hours and drivers are reimbursed for mileage.
Daily routes vary, offering surfaces for all bike types.
Daily routine can change to split up larger groups.
Daily routine helps ensure a happy, healthy, contented horse.
Daily routine is handled flexibly depending on the occasion.
Daily routine is human activities.
Daily routine is much the same as for the layman.
Daily routine is predictable.
Daily routine Put the phrases in the correct order.
Daily routines are very important to children.
Daily routines can feel overwhelming.
Daily routines help toddlers make sense of their world.
Daily routines lead to complacency.
Daily routines shift constantly to accommodate work projects, kids hobbies and social activities.
Daily routines vary from centre to centre and home to home.
Many daily routines tend to be done automatically and mechanically without thinking.
Some daily routine includes assessments.
Some daily routine includes games.
Daily runs provide cost effective transportation to the South Branch Valley.
Daily safety is a great concern.
Daily schedule includes demonstrations, golf skills, proper etiquette, and hands-on practicing.
Daily schedule includes long game, short game, videotape analysis and on-course instruction.
Daily schedule is most important, but make seasonal comments as well.
Daily schedule needs to be more organized.
Daily schedule varies.
Daily schedules are also flexible enough to let classes meet for extended times as required.
Daily schedules are however available and searchable .
Daily schedules are similar regardless of housing accommodations.
Daily schedules include breakfasts.
Daily schedules include light breakfasts.
Daily schedules show any events or appointments for that day.
Daily schedules strike a balance between course work, sports, private study and creative pursuits.
Daily scoreboard is featured.
Daily scrimmages are a part of the fun.
Daily scrimmages are part of the fun.
Daily series includes interactive games focusing on math, social studies, and language arts.
Daily service includes cafeteria-style hot foods at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Daily service includes clean towels and garbage service and full maid service once a week.
Daily service includes replacing of towels, tea, coffee and sugar, remove rubbish bag and replace.
Daily service is also available from key terminals to provide overnight and second day delivery.
Daily service is available at an additional charge.
Daily service is available at an extra charge.
Daily service is available for an extra charge.
Daily service is optional.
Daily service is provided every three to five minutes.
Daily service is the norm.
Daily services are in progress.
Daily services run on all routes.
Daily sessions can be very beneficial as well.
Daily settings provide extra vacation security.
Daily shore dives.
Daily showers using bland non- detergent cleansing agents are the backbone of therapy.
Daily situations arise in industry requires immediate answers and training solutions.
Daily ski reports.
Daily snack is provided.
Daily snapshots are here.
Daily soup is full bodied and rich in flavor.
Daily specials abound.
Daily specials add the decision dilemma.
Daily specials are a favorite of many.
Daily specials are according to the whims of the chef.
Daily specials are also available and are constantly changing.
Daily specials are also available and offer the customer a great value.
Daily specials are also important to the menu mix, bringing in repeat business.
Daily specials are always available that are sure to satisfy.
Daily specials are always fresh and prepared regularly.
Daily specials are available and parties can be catered for if pre-booked.
Daily specials are available for further savings.
Daily specials are available with breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Daily specials are available with breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Daily specials are available, including risotto.
Daily specials are available.
Daily specials are definitely notable.
Daily specials are more expensive than menu items but a treat.
Daily specials are numerous.
Daily specials are often excellent.
Daily specials are often the best choice.
Daily specials are on the menu.
Daily specials are popular, too.
Daily specials are popular.
Daily specials are superb and affordable.
Daily specials are worth watching.
Daily specials are, of course, ever-changing.
Daily specials can also be great.
Daily specials come and go, but old favorites remain.
Daily specials expand the repertoire to offer seasonal selections.
Daily specials feature breakfast, lunch and dinner for the budget-conscious.
Daily specials feature seasonal fresh produce and emphasize comfort foods.
Daily specials feature shrimp, pork chops, barbecued ribs and rib-eye steaks.
Daily specials feature soup, salads, sandwiches.
Daily specials offer other tempting culinary delights.
Daily specials range from awesome stuffed bell peppers to pork chops.
Daily specials reflect the catch of the day.
Daily specials round out the menu.
Daily specials showcase the freshest seafood available.
Daily specials take full advantage of locally available seasonal produce and fruit.
Daily specials tend to be more expensive but worth it.
All daily specials are subject to change.
Many daily specials are in Chinese characters on the blackboard, and only a few are translated.
Daily Star looks at microwave modems .
Daily stars can be a valuable and amusing insight into the ups and downs of our existence.
Daily stories feature beauty advice, tips from the pros and new product info.
Daily stress has a tendency to build up in our bodies, causing toxins to undermine our health.
Daily stresses serve as opportunities for parents to open the door of communication.
Daily studies are the prevalent form.
Daily study is essential for learning a foreign language.
Daily study is essential in learning a language.
Daily study is more important than the total number of hours spent weekly.
Daily study is preferable to intermittent cramming.
Daily study is required to be able to remain focused and to answer any and all questions.
Daily Subscribers can download anytime.
Daily subscription is always FREE at eStreetSolutions.
Daily summaries sent via e-mail to an administrator ensures the system is in correct working order.
Daily supercomputers process enormous banks of data collected by surface and upper-air sensors.
Daily supervision is provided by bus captains who are students in the high school.
Daily supplements are necessary.
Many daily supplements have only small amounts of iron and calcium, and limited trace elements.
Daily support is also available from staff on duty during the students' shifts.
Daily sweeping is recommended in homes with small children or large families.
Daily swimming includes both instruction and free play in our three heated pools .
Daily swimming is included for all three of the programs.
Daily swimming is no longer part of our program.
Daily synchronization captures any changes.
Daily tangents is our resume.
Daily task can become so difficult.
Daily tasks become extremely difficult.
Daily tasks Keep everything, no matter how trivial it seems.
Daily tasks range from analyzing corporate policy to evaluating brands of safety equipment.
Many daily tasks are new for both.
Daily teaching rounds accompany textbook reading.
Daily tears continue.
Daily temperature ranges from cs.
Daily temperature varies little.
Daily temperature vary little throughout the year.
Daily temperatures are relatively high and the nights are cool.
Some daily temperature is divided by temperature.
Daily tests are for fluoride and chlorine residuals.
Daily testing is performed for a variety of other parameters.
Daily testing is performed in the city laboratory.
All daily themes are due by midnight of the assigned day.
Daily tickets are also available.
Daily tickets are only valid on the date purchased.
Daily tickets avail.
Daily time is set aside for lunch, errands, and planned physical activity.
Daily times vary.
Daily tips cover personal finance, consumer news and web freebies.
Daily topics cover major issues in the online world.
Daily tours are available and dinner is also served at the amphitheatre.
Daily tours are available in summer and on weekends in spring and fall.
Daily tours are available to the public.
Daily tours are available.
Daily tours are to the top of the glacier during the summer on snowmobiles or snowploughs.
Daily tours depart from the Last Resort and departure times are by arrangement.
Daily tours provide spotting scopes and experienced guides.
Daily tournaments start at noon.
Daily traffic includes numerous recreational vessels, commercial fishing boats, and fuel barges.
Daily traffic is highest during the fall term and decreases significantly during the summer months.
Daily training brings the performers together in the language they all know best, dance.
Daily training is needed to develop it.
Daily training maintains perfect motor unit contraction and relaxation sequences.
Daily transactions are increasingly likely to be geocoded.
Daily transcription provides overnight access to a fully prepared transcript.
Daily transportation is available by qualified staff and wheelchair-accessible vans.
Daily transportation is available.
Daily transportation is provided for the kids.
Daily treatment is most effective and reduces total numbers of sessions needed.
Daily turnout is available and encouraged.
Daily turnout is recommended to boarders as there are lots of turnout paddocks.
Daily turnover averages six million.
Daily updates advance the story of contemporary fantasy and self-fulfillment.
Daily updates are available.
Daily updates are maintenance free.
Daily updates can provide more than health information, such as business and Internet news.
Daily updates continue, with new items being added to the database and bad prices being removed.
Daily updates feature some truly incredible offers.
Daily updates includes menus.
Daily updates keep researchers current on all issues.
Daily updates keep the database current.
Daily updates keep the resources current.
Daily updates provide project schedules, budgets and current status reports.
Daily updates provide resort availability dates.
Daily use begins and the patient begins to use to maintain rather than to escape.
Daily use can help avoid or contain existing symptoms.
Daily use ensures improved hair shaft strength and manageability.
Daily use helps prevent tooth decay and early gum disease.
Daily use helps reduce the visible signs of aging and enhances skin's texture and tone.
Daily use helps to control dandruff and dry skin.
Daily use is imperative for fullest effectiveness.
Daily use is limited to one hour.
Daily use is posted on-line, so parents can monitor spending activity and step in if necessary.
Daily use is recommended for monitoring instrument performance over time.
Daily use is recommended for several months.
Daily use is simple and easy.
Daily use reveals bugs, and nonstandard behavior in handling of mail folders.
All daily users are to be directed to the general locker rooms in each facility.
Daily valuations allow participants to monitor and change their fund balances on a daily basis.
Daily Values are numbers set by the government.
Daily Values are the label reference numbers based on current dietary nutrient recommendations.
Daily Values are the label reference values.
Daily Values can help consumers determine how a food fits into an overall diet.
Daily values represent the amount of nutrients considered desirable in a day's time.
Some Daily Values stay the same regardless of the calorie level.
Daily version is retained until permanent is received.
Daily video captured by the system is archived for six months unless it is requested.
Daily view shows events scheduled in a daily basis offering a side mini calendar view.
Daily violence is the rule.
Daily vitamins help essential nutrients.
Daily vitamins help nutrients.
Daily vitamins provide synthetic vitamins.
Daily vitamins provide vitamins.
Most daily vitamins help essential nutrients.
Most daily vitamins help nutrients.
Most daily vitamins provide synthetic vitamins.
Most daily vitamins provide vitamins.
Daily volume is just one small aspect of a new group proposal.
Daily walks are a good idea.
Daily walks are a great form of exercise and often the easiest form of exercise for many people.
Daily walks can be a fun and healthy family activity.
Daily ward rounds with residents and staffmen.
Daily washing is required to maintain hygienic properties.
Daily weather reports.
Daily winners receive t-shirts.
Daily work consists in both preparation and participation.
Daily work consists of comprehension quizzes, dictations, translations, and vocabulary quizzes.
Daily work includes dictations, translations, and vocabulary quizzes.
Daily work includes handling chemicals or being involved in process that uses chemicals.
Daily work includes quizzes, worksheets, lab exercises, etc.
Daily work includes yoga and vocal exercises, and extended physical and vocal improvisations.
Daily work involves customer service, product knowledge and attention to detail.
Daily work involves customer service.
Daily work is a great opportunity to do that.
Daily work is inside and outside in all weather conditions.
Daily work is supplemented with special projects assigned by managers and officers.
Daily work is tied to long-range planning and goals.
Daily work rounds on the patients and accompanying the attending and chief resident on rounds.
Daily work rounds with the team followed by teaching rounds with the assigned attending physician.
All daily work is due the next day.
All daily work is neat.
Daily workout Try out Today's Mind Game , which is picked at random from the games on the site.
Daily workouts promote blood circulation, which contributes to a healthy glow.
Daily workshops accompany dynamic morning and evening services and a variety of entertainment.
Daily workshops are available by reservation.
Daily workshops feature shorter subjects of typically one or two sessions each.
Daily workshops focus on identified needs of specific groups of educators.
Daily worship is an important part of the summer camp experience.
Daily worship is offered to the deity in the temple.
Daily worship takes place here.
Daily writing is encouraged throughout the course.
Daily writing is the most effective.
A daily is a newspaper
Dailies are instantaneous and editing can start the first day of production.
Dailies are newspapers.
Dailies change from day to day and are chosen for that day only.
Dailies remain constant.
Dailies run for people in production.
Daily Die to Self.
All dailies cover the elections in Macedonia in extensive reports and photos.
All dailies speculate about the possible target.
Many dailies do a great job, but for many investors they require too much time.
Most dailies say Turkey has rationed electricity following a drop in the pressure in a gas pipeline.
Dainty doll is soiled by hot seed.
Dainty flowers come in a variety of mufti-marked colors.
Dainty lamps stand trimmed to guide.
Dainty ruffles trim the cuffs and off-shoulder neckline.
Dainty violas grow to four inches tall.
A dainty is food
Dainties features the finest sensual lingerie, in sizes from petite to plus.
Many dairy alternatives are also calcium-fortified.
Dairy bulls have contact.
Dairy bulls have frequent contact.
A dairy cattle is cattle
Dairy cattle are cattle.
Dairy cattle are exempt from dipping requirements.
Dairy cattle breed originating in Scotland .
Dairy cattle eat buttercups.
Dairy cattle eat tall buttercups.
Dairy cattle suffer more quickly from lack of water than from shortage of any other nutrient.
Most dairy cattle eat buttercups.
Most dairy cattle eat tall buttercups.
Some dairy cattle carry mutation.
Dairy companies offer services.
Most dairy companies offer services.
A dairy cow is cattle
Dairy cows are female cattle that are raised to produce lots of milk for human consumption.
Dairy cows are usually white and black, red and white or a shade of brown.
Dairy cows consume grass.
Dairy cows eat grass.
Dairy cows eat more because of their size and production demands.
Dairy cows have stages.
Dairy cows need water.
Dairy cows produce manure.
Dairy cows produce milk.
Dairy cows produce the most milk of any mammal in the world.
Dairy cows receive hormones that boost their milk production.
Dairy cows receive many injections over their lifetime.
Dairy cows require grain and supplement.
Dairy cows stop producing milk.
Dairy cows suffer a life of continuous pregnancy and lactation - often at the same time.
Many dairy cows spend part of their lives outdoors and part indoors.
Most dairy cows are milked two to three times per day.
Most dairy cows eat grass.
Most dairy cows have stages.
Most dairy cows produce manure.
Some dairy cows produce milk.
Dairy farms are close to being self-sustaining units.
Dairy farms are numerous.
Dairy farms collect manure for use on their crop land.
Dairy farms dominate the county's fertile valley.
Dairy farms dominate the flatter regions of North Island.
Dairy farms dominate the views of the landscape.
Dairy farms intersperse and rotate grass and corn crops.
Dairy farms provide hundreds of million of dollars to the economic activity to each state.
Dairy farms use more energy than almost any other agricultural operation.
Dairy farms use special cows.
Every dairy farm has different opportunities, different goals and different resources.
Every dairy farm is a little different to the next.
Many dairy farms purchase little or no fertilizer.
Most dairy farms are operated by their owners, with the family providing most of the labour.
Most dairy farms do an excellent job of preventing antibiotic residues in milk.
Most dairy farms milk their cows once or twice each day.
Some dairy farms have style.
A dairy farmer is a farmer
Dairy farmers are also especially sensitive to foreign visitors coming around.
Dairy farmers are as likely to ride clip-clopping mules laden with milk churns as cars.
Dairy farmers are committed to high milk quality and regular quality and composition testing.
Dairy farmers are ethical.
Dairy farmers are present throughout the province.
Dairy farmers are the initial beneficiaries of the formula-fed veal industry.
Dairy farmers are the primary applicants.
Dairy farmers benefit from research to boost milk fat and protein quality in cows.
Dairy farmers compete by taxing themselves.
Dairy farmers conduct milk strike to protest low prices .
Dairy farmers get the latest thinking on new problems.
Dairy farmers go online at the co-ops to check prices in neighboring towns, then auction their milk.
Dairy farmers grow crops such as maize, hay and silage.
Dairy farmers have no choice but to wait out the low prices.
Dairy farmers have quotas.
Dairy farmers make the judgment on what difficult is when they score each birth on their farm.
Dairy farmers milk their cows at least twice a day, every day.
Dairy farmers milk their cows twice, sometimes three times a day, every day of the year.
Dairy farmers mix citrus pulp with other feed that makes for a tasty feast.
Dairy farmers raise calves.
Dairy farmers raise cows for milk.
Dairy farmers receive a deficiency payment for manufactured milk as well.
Dairy farmers receive support for improved milk production.
Dairy farmers reduce power bills by utilizing solar water heating for their milking sheds.
Dairy farmers use antibiotics and growth hormones.
Dairy farmers work hard to keep cows healthy for a long productive life.
All dairy farmers are cool.
Many dairy farmers have the misconception that they are paid for fat and protein percent.
Many dairy farmers use skip a milking or two for a week or so to cause the cow to dry off.
Most dairy farmers are fully aware of the many benefits of better breeding performance.
Most dairy farmers raise calves.
Most dairy farmers recognize the importance of sire selection to good long term herd management.
Some dairy farmers belong to co-operatives which process the milk into dairy products.
Some dairy farmers work at night.
A dairy farming is a farming
Dairy farming accounts for over one third of the county's total agricultural income today.
Dairy farming generates more gross farm sales than other types of farms.
Dairy farming is a dynamic business.
Dairy farming is a major industry in the region, and many area farmers also grow corn and soybeans.
Dairy farming is a major industry in Vermont and farms are often large and immaculate.
Dairy farming is a prominent activity .
Dairy farming is a prominent activity.
Dairy farming is also a major farming activity in the region.
Dairy farming is also a major industry.
Dairy farming is also an important economic activity.
Dairy farming is also evident with three major farms operating in the area.
Dairy farming is another form of income for villages.
Dairy farming is as cruel as livestock farming in many ways.
Dairy farming is dominant, but a small amount of fruit and vegetables are grown for local markets.
Dairy farming is hard work.
Dairy farming is important in some areas.
Dairy farming is indeed more dangerous than coal mining.
Dairy farming is more than a job, it's a way of life.
Dairy farming is no longer the dominant economic force in the valley.
Dairy farming is Okeechobee County's major agricultural activity.
Dairy farming is one of the main occupations of the island.
Dairy farming is our specialty with spotted draft horses as a sideline.
Dairy farming is still the dominant form of agriculture in Monroe County.
Dairy farming is still the largest agricultural industry in Humboldt County, however.
Dairy farming is such a way of life that it'll take time to adjust.
Dairy farming is the chief industry.
Dairy farming is the largest agricultural enterprise in the Islands, followed by apple orchards.
Dairy farming is the largest agricultural enterprise.
Dairy farming is the largest industry in Bradford County.
Dairy farming is the largest source of agricultural revenue.
Dairy farming is the main industry in the Township, with tourism a strong second industry.
Dairy farming is the main industry with some horse and cattle breeding.
Dairy farming is the most important branch of agriculture.
Dairy farming is the most important livestock enterprise on organic farms.
Dairy farming is vitally important to the Vermont economy and to the state's character.
Dairy farming is where the money flows.
Some dairy farming is carried out in the better lands in the east of the country.
Dairy food contains essential nutrients.
Dairy food contains nutrients.
Dairy food contains other nutrients.
Dairy food helps dental health.
Dairy food helps health.
Dairy foods can be triggers in people who are lactose-intolerant.
Dairy foods have complete protein.
Dairy foods provide important nutrients like calcium, protein, riboflavin and phosphorus.
Dairy foods provide protein, calcium and vitamins.
Dairy foods provide the vitamin D, phosphorus and protein also needed to build strong bones.
Many dairy foods are good sources of protein and potassium.
Most dairy food contains essential nutrients.
Most dairy food contains nutrients.
Most dairy food contains other nutrients.
Most dairy food helps dental health.
Most dairy food helps health.
Some dairy foods are easier to digest than others, including yogurt and aged cheese.
Dairy goat industries have further growth.
Dairy goat industries have growth.
Dairy goats produce milk.
Dairy goats provide meat.
Many dairy goats are hornless.
Most dairy goats produce milk.
Most dairy goats provide meat.
Some dairy goats lose body weight.
Some dairy goats lose weight.
Dairy industries produce manure.
Dairy industries use products.
Most dairy industries produce manure.
Most dairy industries use products.
Some dairy industries grow over decades.
Some dairy industries grow over few decades.
Some dairy industries grow over past decades.
Some dairy industries grow over past few decades.
Some dairy industries see evolution.
Dairy producers use services.
Dairy product consumption has effects.
Dairy product consumption has significant effects.
A dairy product is a food product
Dairy products are artifacts.
Dairy products are foodstuff.
Dairy products are made of milk.
Dairy products are organic matter.
Dairy products contain additional components.
Dairy products contain components.
Dairy products have alternatives.
Dairy products have benefits.
Dairy products may have adverse effects.
Dairy products may have effects.
All dairy products are safe for consumption.
All dairy products contain calcium, and so do many of the leafy greens.
All dairy products contain lactose.
Most dairy products are good sources of riboflavin.
Most dairy products contain additional components.
Most dairy products contain components.
Most dairy products have alternatives.
Most dairy products have benefits.
Most dairy products have lowfat counterparts that are higher in calcium.
Some dairy products are better tolerated than others.
Some dairy products are naturally low in lactose such as firm cheese, yogurt and buttermilk.
Some dairy products are OK in small amounts, such as low-fat plain yogurt and unprocessed cheeses.
Some dairy products cause diarrhea.
Some dairy products come from cows.
Some dairy products contain lactose.
Some dairy products contain nutrients.
Some dairy products contain salt.
Some dairy products have butters.
Some dairy products prevent absorption.
Some dairy products provide calcium.
A dairy is a farm
Dairies are an emerging industry for Kern County.
Dairies are an integral part of the rural landscape.
Dairies are California's largest agricultural industry and a significant source of polluted runoff.
Dairies are farms.
Dairies are great places to live and raise a family.
Dairies are one of many businesses that are required to obtain a stormwater permit.
Dairies are potentially a major contributor of nitrate and salts to groundwater.
Dairies are present in the upstream portion of the river, south of Paris.
Dairies are under strict government regulations for waste water management.
Dairies are very neighbor-friendly.
Dairies can earn designation as three, four, or five star dairies.
Dairies demonstrate willingness, ability to adopt.
Dairies generally milk again in early afternoon.
Dairies have (part) attics.
Dairies have (part) bases.
Dairies have (part) bathrooms.
Dairies have (part) bedrooms.
Dairies have (part) ceilings.
Dairies have (part) courtyards.
Dairies have (part) decks.
Dairies have (part) elevators.
Dairies have (part) family rooms.
Dairies have (part) farmhouses.
Dairies have (part) farmyards.
Dairies have (part) floors.
Dairies have (part) foundation stones.
Dairies have (part) foyers.
Dairies have (part) front rooms.
Dairies have (part) interior doors.
Dairies have (part) kitchens.
Dairies have (part) libraries.
Dairies have (part) locker rooms.
Dairies have (part) lockers.
Dairies have (part) roofs.
Dairies have (part) room light.
Dairies have (part) sections.
Dairies have (part) staircases.
Dairies have (part) walls.
Dairies have (part) windows.
Dairies have a bad odor.
Dairies making a transition to larger herds are in a touchy economic position.
Dairies provide nutrients.
Dairies rely on many goods and services in the community.
Dairies stock fresh milk, bread, newspapers, and groceries.
Dairies total up the number of acres of each crop and their coinciding nitrogen requirements.
Dairies use a lot of electricity, so buttermilk and other dairy products cost more.
Dairies use water for cooling, cleaning, livestock drinking water and other purposes.
Dairy cows form strong bonds, especially among mothers and young and among peers.
Dairy cows live for six generations, calve and produce normal milk on a protein-free diet.
Dairy cows live in crowded pens or barns with concrete floors.
Dairy cows use their tails like giant flyswatters.
Dairy isa farm.
Dairy lunches only, please .
All dairies basically have the same gross revenues per cwt.
Many dairies already consider, and account for, heifer rearing and cropping as separate enterprises.
Many dairies have one or two lagoons, while a few have three or four in series.
Many dairies use a lagoon to store water and waste.
Many dairies use more than one system.
Most dairies here sit near the bottom of a gradual mountain slope.
Most dairies produce enough manure to supply needed N, making fertilizer purchases unnecessary.
Most dairies provide nutrients.
Most dairy is suitable for a bland diet, as it is easy on the stomach and digestive tract.
Some dairies add bits of butter to their buttermilk to give it that fresh from the churn taste.
Some dairies also produce buttermilk, chocolate milk, evaporated milk and powdered milk.
Some dairies are in the Panhandle, some in North Central Florida, and some are in South Florida.
Some dairies buy all their feed, some grow large amounts forage.
Some dairies contain calcium.
Some dairies depend on crops.
Some dairies even pasteurize extra milk from the main herd to feed calves.
Some dairies use methane.
Some dairy cows feed diets.
Dairygold customers can now avail of the online trading system.
A dairyman is a farmer
Dairymans are farmers.
Dairymen also sign pledges to follow environmental rules.
Dairymen are on the honor system.
Dairymen are taxpayers, too.
Dairymen are upset that the federal government is prepared to lower their standards for cheese.
Dairymen can achieve the same benefit by selecting bulls themselves and preparing a list of matings.
Dairymen can quite easily assess changes in forage quality by reading the dipstick in the bulk tank.
Dairymen commonly use it as a cheap feed-stuff in heifer and dry cow rations.
Dairymen establish goals for test, type, price and individual components of overall type.
Dairymen generally obtain less than half of that amount.
Dairymen know individual cows based on features such as three teats, kicker or hard milker.
Dairymen know that quality forage production is the backbone to their dairy profitability.
Dairymen learn about the latest trends in their business from many sources.
Dairymen lose twice as many days to missed heats compared to failure to conceive.
Dairymen provide the cows to be milked and petted.
Dairymen raising their calves outdoors usually use a nurse cow system.
Dairymen require more precise measurements than a beef cow-calf producer.
Dairymen say they are trying to spread the cost of sophisticated operations over bigger herds.
Dairymen say they pay their way by fueling the economy.
Dairymen selecting for percentage traits can expect to lose money under both pricing schemes.
Dairymen often supplement dairy cows with fat to increase energy, dry matter intake and milk yield.
Dairymen usually feed their cows grass, chopped corn, hay, mixed feed and water.
Many dairymen pay too little attention to the importance of proper milking practices and routine.
Many dairymen successfully use barn blackboards to temporarily record antibiotic treatments.
Most dairymen are concerned about calving difficulties and age it freshening.
Most dairymen can find the cows with clinical mastitis.
Most dairymen feed little to no feed in the parlor.
Some dairymen rear their pre-weaned calves at one end.
Some dairymen use a combination of factors when grouping their herd.
Some dairymen use alfalfa cubes.
Some dairymen use cottonseed hulls as the major fiber source in the ration.
A dais is a platform
DAIS makes investment research uncomplicated and transparent.
Daishi dance is also worth seeing.
Daisy chain is a floral arrangement
Daisy chain is chain.
Daisy chains are a series of lures rigged one right behind the other.
Daisy chains are almost always a part of a troller s arsenal.
Daisy chains are also popular teasers.
Daisy chains consist of three to five or more small artificial squid in various colors.
Daisy fleabane is a weedy spring-flowering plant.
A daisy is a flower
Daisies are a broad leaved weed with small, white flowers with yellow centers.
Daisies are a symbol of innocence.
Daisies are also welcome at the museum.
Daisies are among the easiest of plants to grow.
Daisies are among the most popular of flowers of both gardeners.
Daisies are asters.
Daisies are beautiful flowers.
Daisies are biotic.
Daisies are delightful.
Daisies are familiar cut flowers as well as garden flowers.
Daisies are flowers.
Daisies are for children.
Daisies are from the aster family.
Daisies are hard perennials.
Daisies are iridescent in moonlight.
Daisies are located in fields.
Daisies are open to young girls who are in kindergarten or five years old.
Daisies are part of the sunflower family and seem to spring up everywhere.
Daisies are pass .
Daisies are perfect flowers, which means they have both genders of parts on the same flower.
Daisies are royal icing, white striped with deep pink and pink centers.
Daisies are so simple, yet so beautiful.
Daisies are software.
Daisies are thought to slow bleeding, relieve indigestion and ease coughs.
Daisies are used by children to make daisy chains.
Daisies are wildflowers.
Daisies are yellow.
Daisies attract bees.
Daisies become plants.
Daisies can last over a week in a cut flower bouquet.
Daisies carpet the rooms.
Daisies earn colorful badges as they complete requirements for the achievement program.
Daisies enjoy a variety of stories, Bible verse memorization, music, crafts, and games.
Daisies grow in dung.
Daisies grow well in clearcuts.
Daisies have (part) blossoms.
Daisies have (part) carpels.
Daisies have (part) cell membranes.
Daisies have (part) cells.
Daisies have (part) corpi.
Daisies have (part) cytoplasm.
Daisies have (part) flowers.
Daisies have (part) nuclei.
Daisies have (part) ovaries.
Daisies have (part) perianths.
Daisies have (part) plasma membranes.
Daisies have (part) sections.
Daisies have (part) stamens.
Daisies have (part) vacuoles.
Daisies have double flowers.
Daisies have flower heads.
Daisies have flowers.
Daisies have green leaves.
Daisies have heads.
Daisies have leaves.
Daisies have lilac flowers.
Daisies have petals.
Daisies have rubbery leaves.
Daisies Have the children cut out a circle and glue it to the center of a paper plate.
Daisies have types.
Daisies have white petals.
Daisies is the calm reflection after the storm, though.
Daisies lift their perky heads as if to turn and hear the sound.
Daisies love sunshine.
Daisies make people think of children and innocence.
Daisies need energy.
Daisies never tell.
Daisies offers a better class of teen tantrum altogether, certainly more motivated.
Daisies perform best in full sun.
Daisies produce seeds.
Daisies require soil to have a neutral to mildly acidic pH level.
Daisy becomes radiant and personable.
Daisy chaining multiple cradles can allow even more data to be synchronized in succession.
Daisy checks the doorway of the Unitarian church for witnesses.
Daisy claims to have taught more than seven million young people how to shoot safely.
Daisy comes in for the heroic helping hand.
Daisy comes in handy for something else.
Daisy comes too.
Daisy contains no built-in responses.
Daisy enjoys travel, cinema, and of course, sushi.
Daisy enjoys visiting farmer's markets and loves ripe pears.
Daisy focuses on the outward rather than the inward.
Daisy gives an evolutionary answer.
Daisy is crate-trained, spayed, has all medical, heartworm neg.
Daisy is drunk and passes out.
Daisy isa angiosperm.
Daisy later learns that a fortune in jewels is also missing.
Daisy lies down.
Daisy likes to attack snowmen.
Daisy likes to dance.
Daisy likes to go outside after midnight.
Daisy lives in Wisconsin.
Daisy lives so close.
Daisy lyckades handla snabbt och satte ig ng videokameran.
Daisy quelques astuces de base sur le camescope.
Daisy returns from a business trip.
Daisy shows some cleavage.
Daisy stems transport water and nutrients to the leaves and flowers.
Daisy watches as more bits are hauled, bit by bit, to our new home.
Daisy watches the rats listlessly.
Daisy wears a bow.
Daisy weighs less than four pounds.
Most daisies attract bees.
Most daisies become plants.
Most daisies have double flowers.
Most daisies have flower heads.
Most daisies have flowers.
Most daisies have green leaves.
Most daisies have heads.
Most daisies have leaves.
Most daisies have lilac flowers.
Most daisies have petals.
Most daisies have types.
Most daisies have white petals.
Most daisies produce seeds.
Some daisies grow from seeds.
Some daisies have charm.
Some daisies have fans.
A dak is a tree
Daks always lie.
Dakent soils are on fan piedmont remnants, alluvial fan remnants and stable remnant side slopes.
Dakota has (part) Pierre.
Dakota is part of America.
Dakota isa thing.
A dal is a metric
Dal informace naleznete na str nce technick informace .
Dal informace naleznete zde .
Dals also like to swim, and make good running partners as well, especially for distance runners.
Dals are an included breed.
Dals are clowns and can be exasperating, especially in puppyhood.
Dals are currently quite popular, and many people are interested in the breed.
Dals are just as loving and caring as the hearing ones.
Dals are smart, and can be stuborn, quickly learning what they can get away with.
Dals are usually good swimmers who love the water.
Dals are very energetic, intelligent, stubborn, and playful .
Dals can also be very vocal.
Dals can also get along splendidly with cats if introduced appropriately.
Dals learn quickly with motivational techniques using treats and lavish praise.
Dals love interaction with humans, frequently displaying their affection for one and all.
Dals love most foods.
Most Dals clean up well with a damp towel or the use of a plain gentle soap.
Some dals can be unilateral, where they only hear from one ear.
Every Dalcroze instructor brings a unique teaching style onto the teaching floor.
Dale County is in the southeastern corner of the State of Alabama .
Dale County is in the southeastern corner of the State of Alabama.
Dale County is located in the southeast corner of Alabama.
Dale County is located in the southeastern part of the state, wholly within the coastal plain.
A dale is a valley
Dale agrees to be our consumer representative.
Dale agrees to the plan, as money is short and the proceeds of the robbery are to be shared equally.
Dale anticipates a full comment in all aspects of college life.
Dale can be a real sweetheart.
Dale captures a moment in the life of a child with realistic detail.
Dale comes from a legendary racing family.
Dale demonstrates the exciting elements of the Irish fiddle style.
Dale deserves to be honored with some jokes.
Dale drives out with the warm breakfast for the cats and special kitten food for the babies.
Dale encourages amateurs to stay active in studying and promoting their interests.
Dale enjoys music, reading, swimming, hiking, and music.
Dale enjoys playing and watching a variety of different sports.
Dale enjoys teaching bat biology and conservation to students at schools.
Dale faces exciting challenges.
Dale feels they have to be careful on their light land, especially on the irrigated acres.
Dale finishes a conference today.
Dale includes examples that any woman, regardless of profession, can relate to.
Dale is also computer graphic artist specializing in works with metaphysical and occult themes.
Dale is always available to assist a member in navigation.
Dale is cool.
Dale is funny.
Dale is in charge of the food committee.
Dale is in excellent condition and has a strong emotional constitution.
Dale is in the midst of bottling with a handheld corker.
Dale is married and enjoys traveling, water skiing, ping pong, and watching sports on television.
Dale is now in Hawaii, doing consulting, voice overs and enjoying the weather.
Dale is originally from Indiana.
Dale is overweight and is always interested in learning more about the latest weight loss programs.
Dale is ready to help whether it be selling or buying.
Dale is reminiscent of a troll in the story of the three billy goats' gruff.
Dale is resistant to leaf anthracnose, stalk red rot, and maize dwarf mosaic.
Dale is right though, there are still vulnerabilities.
Dale is through by now and has a good crop.
Dale is very competent.
Dale is very successful with the ladies.
Dale is very well-respected as a trainer and mentor by boxers of all ages and abilities.
Dale is well positioned to help area organizations connect with university resources.
Dale isa valley.
Dale likes to let kids be kids, especially in the classroom.
Dale lives in Apple Valley, California.
Dale lives in Raleigh, North Carolina, is married and has three children.
Dale lives to code.
Dale looks back with pierces of anger.
Dale looks down.
Dale looks haggard and worn.
Dale looks very small.
Dale loves challenges and making new kites after only seeing a picture.
Dale notes the quarter was marked by changes in working-time arrangements.
Dale offers interesting insight from the pits.
Dale outlines the body language and speech habits that detract from credibility.
Dale plays the blues in a most fascinating way.
Dale possesses special expertise in both utility and retail industries.
Dale pulls further ahead in Drivers' Championship.
Dale remembers it vividly.
Dale reports that the DB can be used to help generate API test suites automatically.
Dale specializes in hybridizing late blooming daylilies.
Dale spends every summer performing with the Charlottetown Festival Orchestra.
Dale starts by taking genes from wild bananas.
Dale starts on the pole today.
Dale thinks of everything.
Dale thinks there is an ample supply of water.
Dale turn back af friend.
Dale visualizes the amber light right before the green.
Dale works with a group that operates seven laboratories.
Dale writes at length about the problems of simplifying one's message.
Dales accompanies the team to a baseball stadium.
Dales also makes a nice assortment of air conditioning louvers for just about anything.
Dales are dentists.
Dales are married to vast beaches.
Dales are valleys.
Dales drives to the baseball diamond in the desert.
Dales files a report about the farfetched incident.
Dales notices the pitcher's mitt nearby, the leather being eaten away by a greenish bubbling fluid.
Dales still shoulders many responsibilities.
Dales then gives the catcher's mitt to a police chemist for analysis.
Dales ponies have a history of close association with mankind.
Dalian port is one of China's main seaports.
Dallas isa thing.
Dalmatian farmers can set up shop in places where dog meat is eaten.
Many Dalmatian items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Dalmatian parties are always popular.
Dalmatian pictures dogs postcards romantic cats gallery.
All dalmatian pictures are with thumbnails.
Dalmatian puppies are born pure white, and the spots appear as they age.
Dalmatian puppies are pure white when they're born.
Dalmatian vineyards are rich in wine production.
A dalmatian is a dog
Dalmatians also can do well in obedience competition, when given positive training.
Dalmatians also enjoy agility as it suits their athletic natures.
Dalmatians also have a tendency toward deafness.
Dalmatians also suffer from skin allergies.
Dalmatians are a pain in the ass.
Dalmatians are a wonderful breed for a family with children.
Dalmatians are a wonderful, intelligent, active, fun-loving breed.
Dalmatians are also excellent candidates in obedience competitions.
Dalmatians are also prone to skin problems and allergies .
Dalmatians are among the most ancient breeds of dogs.
Dalmatians are among the very best dogs that any person can own.
Dalmatians are an outgoing, outdoor people.
Dalmatians are another case in point.
Dalmatians are clowns and can be exasperating - especially in puppyhood.
Dalmatians are dogs.
Dalmatians are energetic, strong and fearless.
Dalmatians are extremely active and require large amounts of exercise and attention.
Dalmatians are extremely affectionate and playful, though they can be a bit strong-willed.
Dalmatians are extremely intelligent dogs.
Dalmatians are extremely loyal and loving.
Dalmatians are fairly large dogs.
Dalmatians are family dogs, very intelligent, and strong minded.
Dalmatians are generally healthy, but like all breeds, they're prone to certain health conditions.
Dalmatians are high energy dogs who like to exercise.
Dalmatians are high energy dogs.
Dalmatians are high-strung.
Dalmatians are house dogs.
Dalmatians are hyperactive dogs.
Dalmatians are intelligent and have a strong desire to please their owners.
Dalmatians are intelligent and strongly desire to please their owners.
Dalmatians are lovable, intelligent and loyal companions.
Dalmatians are marathon runners with tremendous amounts of energy.
Dalmatians are medium sized dogs , and they are very active and lively .
Dalmatians are medium sized dogs, and they are very active and lively.
Dalmatians are medium-sized, short coated dogs.
Dalmatians are natural dogs, cat-like in cleanliness and free of doggy odor.
Dalmatians are one breed that exhibit a high incidence of congenital deafness.
Dalmatians are people dogs.
Dalmatians are people oriented dogs that like to spend lots of time with their families.
Dalmatians are people-like and people oriented.
Dalmatians are smart enough as it is.
Dalmatians are smart, but it's their stubborn streak that gets remembered.
Dalmatians are territorial.
Dalmatians are the only dogs that have the facial muscles to actually smile.
Dalmatians are the original party animals.
Dalmatians are unique , being the only dog that produces uric acid , just as humans do.
Dalmatians are unusually smart, extremely trainable, athletic, dependable, devoted and dignified.
Dalmatians are versatile, hard-working dogs.
Dalmatians are VERY active.
Dalmatians are very energetic dogs and thus can be a challenging breed to care for.
Dalmatians are very expensive to be around.
Dalmatians are very head strong dogs and very energetic.
Dalmatians are very intelligent and quick to figure out ways to get their own way.
Dalmatians are very intelligent dogs, who can get the best of their owner.
Dalmatians are very intelligent, but they also want to please.
Dalmatians are very intelligent.
Dalmatians are voracious eaters and train easily with food treats.
Dalmatians are well mannered and intelligent.
Dalmatians are white dogs.
Dalmatians are wonderful and loving, yet often thought of as hyper and untrainable.
Dalmatians are wonderful dogs.
Dalmatians can also be prone to deafness, kidney stones, and skin disorders.
Dalmatians can be a wonderful addition to many homes.
Dalmatians can be black spotted or brown spotted.
Dalmatians can be deaf.
Dalmatians can be good pets in the right home with the right people.
Dalmatians can be highly-strung and unpredictable.
Dalmatians can have jobs like hunting dogs, or guard dogs.
Dalmatians can take two to three years to mature mentally.
Dalmatians design on each piece.
Dalmatians enjoy working.
Dalmatians have a unique uric acid metabolism.
Dalmatians have a uric acid anomaly that can lead to the formation of urate stones.
Dalmatians have smooth coat requiring little grooming.
Dalmatians have the extreme piebald gene.
Dalmatians just love to eat.
Dalmatians love to play and excel at play sports such as dog agility, tracking and flyball.
Dalmatians make excellent pets for older, well-behaved children.
Dalmatians make excellent watchdogs.
Dalmatians make good pets for older, well-behaved children.
Dalmatians project a sense of speed, vitality, and smarts.
Dalmatians require a lot of time and input from their owners, especially during the growth years.
Dalmatians require early socialization with a wide variety of people and dogs.
Dalmatians require early, motivational, consistent training.
Dalmatians require regular exercise so a fenced back-yard is an absolute necessity.
Dalmatians romantic together peace live gallery davidoff.
Dalmatians shed all year round.
Dalmatians shed little tiny hairs all year long.
Dalmatians shed twice a year, six months in the spring and six months in the fall.
Dalmatians take to horses and become 'companions'.
Dalmatians thrive on the activity associated with children in a normal, busy household.
Dalmatians usually get on well with other dogs and are great in multi pet households.
Most dalmatians are just pets.
Some Dalmatians have skin problems and allergies.
A dam is a barrier
Dam isa barrier.
Dams allow easier navigation by creating deep reservoirs that fill behind the dams.
Dams also affect water temperature.
Dams also allow water to be contained and saved for use in dry years.
Dams also cause migrating fish to spend more time in slower and warmer waters created by reservoirs.
Dams also chew up a few fish to make easy pickings for the birds.
Dams also chew up some fish for easy pickings for the birds.
Dams also create barriers to fish migration.
Dams also create impoundments with large surface areas for foraging and transport of food.
Dams also create physical barriers to species migration and dispersal.
Dams also develop quite an appetite soon after whelping.
Dams also displace cities and people, because many people choose to live near rivers.
Dams also ensure adequate oxygen for the aquatic life.
Dams also have other uses.
Dams also impede young fish as they migrate downstream on their way out to sea.
Dams also impose societal costs.
Dams also influence stream processes downstream and the migration of fish throughout the watershed.
Dams also interfere with the ability of fish to travel along streams.
Dams also limit lungfish movement, preventing the migration of adults to spawning areas.
Dams also make lakes where thousands of migrating birds stop for a rest on their long flights.
Dams also play an important role in flood control through routing of floods.
Dams also provide flood control, supply water to cities, and can assist river navigation.
Dams also reduce the supply of phosphorus and silicon.
Dams also result in changes in concentrations of dissolved oxygen and nitrogen.
Dams also serve as barriers to migrating trout and salmon.
Dams also serve people by reducing or preventing floods.
Dams also slow the migration considerably.
Dams also store water for farm use.
Dams also store water in big lakes called reservoirs.
Dams alter the flow, temperature and sediment in river systems.
Dams alter the geography and displace people and wildlife.
Dams alter the rivers in many ways.
Dams are a very common occurrence on American rivers, and the number of dams seems astounding.
Dams are always an issue on rivers.
Dams are among the most destructive threats to freshwater mussels in New England.
Dams are an essential component of farming.
Dams are an important part of the long-term solution.
Dams are an important part, hatcheries are an important part as are commercial fishing regulations.
Dams are an important source of electrical power in many countries.
Dams are animals.
Dams are barriers.
Dams are built across rivers to store water and make electric power.
Dams are centers of energy for the living.
Dams are created by engineers.
Dams are created by humans.
Dams are currently the most controversial environmental issue in India.
Dams are development.
Dams are dry, employment opportunities are non-existent, and livestock prices have plummeted.
Dams are especially harmful to trout streams because they slow and warm the water.
Dams are expensive to build and maintain.
Dams are fashionable.
Dams are females.
Dams are generally for storage or diversion.
Dams are good but often feeder creeks and feeder river systems are much better.
Dams are good scapegoats.
Dams are hard hunters.
Dams are important structures for human use of fresh water.
Dams are made of concerts.
Dams are major obstacles to the movement of fish, either upstream or downstream.
Dams are merely man-made obstacles where female fish are forced to wait and ripen.
Dams are no longer the campaigners' only targets.
Dams are obviously an obstruction to free flowing water.
Dams are one cause in the decline of the salmon.
Dams are perhaps the most limiting factor for restoration of American rivers.
Dams are progress.
Dams are responsible in part for reducing suitable habitat and can cause population isolation.
Dams are structures built on rivers that control the flow of water.
Dams are structures.
Dams are the cleanest, most environmentally friendly source of mass-produced electricity.
Dams are the key element in their decline.
Dams are the main reason one-fifth of the world's freshwater fish are now endangered or extinct.
Dams are the most largest man-made structures on the planet.
Dams are the primary cause of their demise.
Dams are the problem.
Dams are too small, while wrap can be torn to size.
Dams are too tall for the fish to leap over.
Dams are very damaging to rivers.
Dams benefit people by providing usable, reliable water sources.
Dams block access to tributaries and lakes where baiji once caught fish and nurtured their young.
Dams block fish from reaching spawning areas, and polluted runoff degrades water quality.
Dams block fish migration and alter the natural pattern of floods and sediment flows.
Dams block fish passage upstream to areas where salmon once reproduced and spent their early lives.
Dams block migratory routes.
Dams block the corridors.
Dams block the path of salmon migration.
Dams block the transport of organic material, such as large wood and vegetation detritus.
Dams block upstream migration, preventing adults from reaching spawning areas.
Dams bring more hunger, expulsion of small farmers, and misery.
Dams build snow-dens in which they give birth and nurse.
Dams can affect both the habitat and hydrology of a stream.
Dams can also affect the quality of the river water both above and below the dam.
Dams can also be a problem to fish because they stop the fish from migrating up stream.
Dams can also be lethal to salmon .
Dams can also create problems.
Dams can also generate electricity and help control floods.
Dams can also help with transportation.
Dams can be a phenomenal attractor for a variety of fish at certain times of the year.
Dams can be arch, gravity, or embankment dams.
Dams can be dangerous areas.
Dams can come down.
Dams can create danger if outdoor recreationalists fail to use caution and obey warning signs.
Dams can create large reservoirs over what used to be dry land, producing many problems.
Dams can create serious safety hazards.
Dams can deprive coastal areas of needed sediments.
Dams can displace people and disturb the ecosystem.
Dams can displace populations and are often destructive to the environment they are in.
Dams can enhance wetlands and support healthy fisheries.
Dams can hinder adult and juvenile passage or completely cut off prime spawning habitat.
Dams can modify some fluctuations, but varying lake levels are normal.
Dams can only help control floods.
Dams can prevent fish from accessing spawning grounds and destroy habitat.
Dams can provide habitats for many species of wildlife.
Dams can provide hydropower, irrigation and flood control.
Dams can release a greater or lesser amount of water through different gates located on the dam.
Dams can retain placentas, develop eclampsia, go into uterine inertia or die during a c-section.
Dams can serve many different purposes.
Dams can stop regular annual floods but often fail to hold back exceptionally large floods.
Dams can trap water to be released through turbines.
Dams cause additional damage by blocking fish migrations.
Dams change the chemical, physical, and biological processes of river ecosystems.
Dams choke every major river.
Dams collect sediment as well as fresh water carried by rivers.
Dams collect sediments as well as fresh water carried by rivers.
Dams commonly serve a number of purposes.
Dams consist of mud.
Dams continue to be a very controversial issue.
Dams contribute in a major way towards wiping out populations of fish.
Dams create deep reservoirs and can also vary the flow of water downstream.
Dams create lakes.
Dams create pools of still or slow moving water.
Dams currently regulate less than five percent of the Mekong's catchment area and annual discharge.
Dams destroy spawning habitat and prevent salmon from migrating up and downstream.
Dams devastate river ecosystems and undermine the rights and livelihoods of affected communities.
Dams devastate rivers.
Dams die shortly after they abort.
Dams disrupt sediment transport needed to maintain delta wetlands at river mouths.
Dams disrupt the natural flow of water and disrupt ecosystems upstream and downstream.
Dams fill with water.
Dams flood the forest to generate electricity to make aluminium for throw-away cans.
Dams fundamentally change the biological, physical, and chemical functions of rivers.
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water.
Dams give beavers some control over their locations.
Dams give, roads buckle, houses float.
Dams greatly change the river environment.
Dams have (part) bases.
Dams have (part) sections.
Dams have both positive and negative ecological impacts.
Dams have effects.
Dams have large screens that prevent the fish to be drawn into the turbine intakes.
Dams have limited life spans, both structurally and economically.
Dams have major downstream effects in settings throughout the United States.
Dams have profound but varied impacts on the rivers that they harness.
Dams have several negative impacts.
Dams have to be built for the economic progress of the country.
Dams have to be seen as a means to an end, rather than an end in themselves.
Dams have walls.
Dams have water.
Dams help maintain water depths under the ice, allowing the beavers to stay active all winter.
Dams help move the water to a rural area, but the flood is worse there.
Dams help to reduce erosion.
Dams hold back silt, debris and other nutrients that create healthy environments for river species.
Dams hold back silt, debris, and nutrients.
Dams impede channel erosion.
Dams impede erosion.
Dams impede further erosion.
Dams impound the stream into long pools of quiet water.
Dams interfere with fish migration, and some still block it completely.
Dams interrupt the natural rhythm of fish life cycles as they swim from river to ocean and back.
Dams keep the Ohio navigable.
Dams kill people because they spread diseases such as malaria and because they break.
Dams kill salmon.
Dams make for better boating and recreation by slowing the flow of the river.
Dams make some big changes to watersheds.
Dams now limit the mixing, jeopardizing the species' future.
Dams permanently change where rivers flow and how much water passes through.
Dams present a significant barrier to migrating fish.
Dams prevent erosion.
Dams prevent the natural movement of the species and adversely affect their spawning habits.
Dams prevent the seasonal flooding that create species-rich flood plains.
Dams producing electricity create extreme fluctuations in river levels downstream.
Dams project more influence on the litter than the sire.
Dams provide an obstacle to their upstream journey.
Dams provide cheap, clean energy but also destroy unique ecosystems.
Dams provide clean, pollution free energy, but they can also harm the environment.
Dams provide electricity by guiding water down a chute and over a turbine at high speed.
Dams provide electricity, water, flood control and irrigation.
Dams provide excellent habitat for predators that feed on migrating fish slowed by dams.
Dams provide many services but also cause many problems.
Dams reduce fish populations on the Colorado and other rivers.
Dams reduce the number of juvenile salmon that migrate downstream to the ocean.
Dams release cold water.
Dams release water.
Dams remain a legitimate option to achieve development objectives.
Dams represent the only solution to control our limited water supply.
Dams require maintenance.
Dams require periodic maintenance, especially after heavy rains and during snow melt.
Dams require treatments.
Dams restrict fish passage to the ocean and back to spawning grounds.
Dams retain the lubricating layer essential to maintaining flow.
Dams run the length of the creek, with beaver and muskrat lodges existing side by side.
Dams severely modify the amount and timing of flows in the river below the dam.
Dams significantly slow the currents, their turbines also grind up many juveniles.
Dams slow the current, and piranhas like to breed in the slowest-moving waters.
Dams spread reduce peak discharge.
Dams stop the flow of water.
Dams take a long time to develop.
Dams threaten fish.
Dams threaten salmon.
Dams transform landscapes and create risks of irreversible impacts.
Dams wash out important wildlife habitat and block migratory fish from their spawning grounds.
Dams always carry the danger of collapse due to earthquakes, flooding or sabotage.
Dams always seem to create problems while solving others.
Dams often cause flooding damage in rural and suburban areas.
Dams often slow and sometimes block salmon from moving upstream.
All dams are types of embankments.
All dams hold back water and release water, in varying amounts and for different purposes.
All dams work together to help reduce flood crests along the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
Every dam causes some impact on the environment.
Many dams are insurmountable obstacles to migrating fish.
Many dams are multipurpose, providing two or more of the above benefits.
Many dams are old.
Many dams are up for new permits, and in many cases the choice is repair or destroy.
Many dams lack fish ladders.
More dams are on the way.
Most dams are much smaller.
Most dams are VERY nervous and upset at birthing time, particularly the first whelp.
Most dams consist of mud.
Most dams fill with water.
Most dams have effects.
Most dams have walls.
Most dams have water.
Most dams impede channel erosion.
Most dams impede erosion.
Most dams impede further erosion.
Most dams prevent erosion.
Most dams release cold water.
Most dams require maintenance.
Most dams require treatments.
Most dams typically have some sort of lights that cast luminescence upon the water.
Some dams affect stability.
Some dams are formed by earthquakes.
Some dams are less than ten feet high with feeder canals two feet wide and one foot deep.
Some dams are tall and thin, while others are short and thick.
Some dams can have effects.
Some dams create areas.
Some dams do another important job for people who live in the Snake's wide valley.
Some dams eliminate habitats.
Some dams eliminate nest habitats.
Some dams eliminate sandbar habitats.
Some dams have dams.
Some dams have virtually no water reserve storage capacity.
Some dams represent minor obstacles.
Some dams represent obstacles.
Some dams shed the bacteria in their colostrum and milk.
Some dams support communities.
Some dams support invertebrate communities.
Some dams wean and instruct their pups earlier, some later.
Damage assessments involve examinations.
Damage control has both tangible and intangible cost factors.
Damage control is an issue facing the derivatives industry as a whole.
Damage control is control
Damage control is control.
Damage control is in order.
Damage control is integral to shipboard safety.
Damage control is often the objective. .
Damage control is one of the backbones of success in naval battle.
Damage control is sought on an incremental basis considering the tradeoff between cost and function.
Damage control is the name of the game.
Damage control reports everything's fine.
Damage Control takes on issues of music, technology, culture, hatred, passion, and infidelity.
Damage deposit is required on each machine rented.
Damage deposits are due at room selection.
Damage effects have forces.
Damage affecting path n of both CIs can halve the usable bandwidth of both CIs.
Damage affects the hands ability to grasp large and small items.
Damage also appears as notched leaves or cotyledons, wilting, and cut or dead seedlings.
Damage also can be quite literally galling.
Damage also differs in regards to the tree species being attacked.
Damage also has to be considered.
Damage also includes infestation of product due to improper storage conditions.
Damage also is wreaked by the other toxin, an enzyme that destroys tissue by breaking down protein.
Damage also occurs during harvest.
Damage also occurs to roads, sidewalks and shallow underground service lines.
Damage also occurs to the blood vessels in the lungs that 'collect' the oxygen.
Damage also results in substantially lower protein levels.
Damage appears as a marginal yellowing of the leaf.
Damage appears as a typical resetting and tufting, caused by a shortening of the internodes.
Damage appears as a yellow speckling, especially along veins.
Damage appears as bleached-out or yellowish spots on the infested leaves.
Damage appears as bronzing of the foliage.
Damage appears as complete defoliation with a few chewed brown needle stubs.
Damage appears as dead or wilted tillers or plants.
Damage appears as holes eaten into the sides of buds.
Damage appears as holes in leaves, buds and fruit.
Damage appears as holes in the center or along the edges of leaves.
Damage appears as if someone shot leaves with buckshot.
Damage appears as irregular notching at the leaf margins.
Damage appears as light to brownish dots or stippling on the needles.
Damage appears as red, purple or tan spots in between the leaf veins.
Damage appears as round holes in the peas.
Damage appears as shown on original print.
Damage appears as small circular holes in the leaves.
Damage appears as sunken, shriveled areas on the surface of the nearly ripe and ripe fruit.
Damage appears as swollen areas on trunks and larger branches.
Damage appears as tiny yellow speckles on the upper leaf surface.
Damage appears as white flecks or streaks on leaves.
Damage appears as winding white trails or broad white spots.
Damage appears as yellow spotting on leaves.
Damage appears either as a wilting young plant or a dead whorl.
Damage appears mainly in late summer and fall when adult beetles are active.
Damage appears to be confined to the cabin.
Damage appears to be from a key or other abrasive object.
Damage appears to be light in Illinois with reports of only a few downed power poles.
Damage appears to be limited to downed trees and power lines.
Damage appears to be slight.
Damage appears to be worse in arid fields and where a total broadcast of herbicides was used.
Damage appears to be worse in droughty years and on stressed trees.
Damage appears to occur at first in the membrane covering the muscle fibers.
Damage arises from the complete absorption of the energy of the alpha particle into tissue.
Damage arising from both types of impact involves complex and dynamic deformation processes.
Damage associated with tracking is also very evident.
Damage attracts damage, pain finds pain.
Damage becomes apparent after several days at room temperature or longer at lower temperatures.
Damage can affect an entire user community.
Damage can affect different areas in the inner ear resulting in a variety of symptoms.
Damage can also happen to the luggage itself.
Damage can also occur by improperly moving furniture and sliding it across the carpeted floor.
Damage can also occur during unloading and assembly.
Damage can also occur from rodents, rabbits or deer.
Damage can also occur in the fall when migratory cranes are in large flocks and crops are ripening.
Damage can also occur on the sidewalls of samples.
Damage can also occur through theft, vandalism, or natural disasters.
Damage can also occur when birds come in and scratch at the lawn surface looking for larvae to eat.
Damage can also reduce the alfalfa's feed value.
Damage can also result from lightning even miles away.
Damage can be both immediate and delayed.
Damage can be both natural and caused by man.
Damage can be direct or indirect.
Damage can be due to leaf defoliation, stand reduction, stem damage and pod damage.
Damage can be especially heavy in sandy areas, the preferred habitat for egg-laying.
Damage can be extensive and ruin a crop of corn if left untreated.
Damage can be extensive before symptoms are apparent.
Damage can be in the form of irregular patches, or definite curves and lines.
Damage can be mild or severe.
Damage can be misleading.
Damage can be more serious when leafhoppers carry bacteria from plant to plant.
Damage can be more severe if turf receives concentrated foot traffic while it is frozen.
Damage can be of any severity up to complete defoliation.
Damage can be on the surface or deep within.
Damage can be permanent, causing lifelong illness.
Damage can be permanent.
Damage can be quite severe if an outbreak stays unchecked.
Damage can be rapid.
Damage can be repaired, expert says.
Damage can be severe depending on where and how deep the bees nest.
Damage can be severe enough to kill the plants.
Damage can be severe in oaks along the Central Coast as well in the Central Valley.
Damage can be severe in pecan and other fruit tree orchards.
Damage can be severe on small trees but is only a minor setback on older trees.
Damage can be severe where the colonies are numerous.
Damage can be severe, especially on young plants, if unchecked.
Damage can be severe.
Damage can be slight, or it can kill the plant.
Damage can be specific to certain life stages.
Damage can be subtle and have serious business consequences.
Damage can be subtle, enough so to pass the hardware CRC check since software is also involved.
Damage can be sudden or gradual, depending upon the flooding conditions.
Damage can be very rapid on the Internet.
Damage can become severe if infection occurs early in the spring.
Damage can become so severe that leaves fall off the plant.
Damage can cause the leaf to eventually scorch and drop from the plant.
Damage can develop very quickly and the mites can kill or seriously stunt the growth of plants.
Damage can easily occur and repair is costly.
Damage can eventually occur when dust settles onto the circuit boards inside.
Damage can happen anywhere along the chain of structural components.
Damage can happen from homes being destroyed by fire, flood or other disasters.
Damage can have long term effects on the individual cell and potentially on the whole organism.
Damage can include extreme build up of dirt, mold, etc., stains on carpets, and broken windows.
Damage can include soaked and ruined drywall.
Damage can increase rapidly, especially in sunny locations during hot, dry weather.
Damage can initially appear as small holes in the leaves, which eventually appear shredded.
Damage can involve superficial tissue, to multiple tissue layers.
Damage can lead to engine or steering failure, engine fires or even total destruction.
Damage can leave communities isolated and at economic risk.
Damage can now become permament during a race.
Damage can occur anywhere along the nerve as it travels from the brain to the eye.
Damage can occur as a result of some other failure that occurred as a result of the flood.
Damage can occur because of exposure to hazards such as radiation or toxic chemicals.
Damage can occur both in water mains and in domestic piping.
Damage can occur either in the working environment or when just kept as a companion.
Damage can occur even in people who have no history of liver disease.
Damage can occur for even the hardest of gems.
Damage can occur from laying on the muscles and restricting blood flow too long.
Damage can occur if the sealing fluid is at the inside diameter of the seal face.
Damage can occur in an instant.
Damage can occur in boat engines if cooling systems are clogged.
Damage can occur in just a short period of time.
Damage can occur in several ways.
Damage can occur in the brain, kidneys, and heart.
Damage can occur over large distances.
Damage can occur to boat engines if cooling systems become clogged.
Damage can occur to electrical, handling, brakes, engine and gearbox.
Damage can occur to pelvic nerves specifically the pudendal nerve.
Damage can occur to the eyes or other organs if involved during a shingles outbreak.
Damage can occur to the needle during the cleaning process when it is removed from the airbrush.
Damage can occur wherever the moth is found.
Damage can occur within a minute.
Damage can occur within minutes.
Damage can occur within the tire body without being visible on the outside.
Damage can occur.
Damage can often be extremely severe.
Damage can progress to include heart, eyes, lungs, nerves and muscles.
Damage can range from a slim crack to a craggy fracture, from a rough abraded area to a torn flap.
Damage can range from data corruption to physical equipment failure.
Damage can range from file destruction to information gathering to control of PC functions.
Damage can reduce photosynthetic ability by destruction of leaf surfaces.
Damage can result from either a single exposure or cumulative trauma.
Damage can result from over tuning.
Damage can result in complete defoliation of small trees or of single branches on large trees.
Damage can result in scarring, which reduces the ability of the lung to absorb oxygen.
Damage can take the form of abnormal color, twisted or thickened roots and shoots, ordeath.
Damage caused by a heart attack can weaken and stretch one of the walls of the heart chambers.
Damage caused by any earthquake depends directly on the type of soil.
Damage caused by aphids is the result of their sucking feeding.
Damage caused by belt mistracking, overtensioning, or by tramp materials is excluded.
Damage caused by bruxism often includes the following symptoms.
Damage caused by each pest species is also indicative of the species.
Damage caused by earthquakes is emmense.
Damage caused by floods is especially acute in highly urbanized watersheds.
Damage caused by fungi and other microorganisms is irreversible.
Damage caused by grasshoppers appears as irregular holes at the edge of plant leaves.
Damage caused by hurricanes can be devastating.
Damage caused by leafhoppers includes stunting, browning of leaves, and reduced vigor.
Damage caused by livestock is difficult to justify alongside any river.
Damage caused by loopers is ragged foliage.
Damage caused by nematodes is likely to become evident during the first year after planting.
Damage caused by noise exposure is accumulative.
Damage caused by pear leaf midge infestations can take a number of forms.
Damage caused by pests is incredible.
Damage caused by poor nutrition is cumulative and often begins with poor food habits in childhood.
Damage caused by radiation therapy affects the tissues for the rest of the patient's life.
Damage caused by root maggots or rust fly maggots is eliminated.
Damage caused by snow plows during the winter months is an additional concern.
Damage caused by such head impacts is often characteristically in two directly opposite locations.
Damage caused by termites and the like can be hard to spot but expensive to repair.
Damage caused by the diseases can lead to cell mutation and cancer.
Damage caused by the river allows a rare look inside their method of building.
Damage caused by virus diseases varies with rootstock-scion combination.
Damage caused by white grubs initially resembles drought stress.
Damage caused by wood mice to crops is sporadic, usually when their natural food is scarce.
Damage causes a loss of coordination and slurred speech.
Damage causes abnormal results.
Damage causes destruction.
Damage causes impairment.
Damage causes issues.
Damage causes malfunctions.
Damage causes plumb problems.
Damage causes problems.
Damage causes reduction in water uptake by tree.
Damage causes results.
Damage -Clip off seedling stems near or just below the soil level iv.
Damage come with a fine set.
Damage comes both from the initial trauma of impact, and subsequet mercury poisoning.
Damage commonly occurs in small localized areas, usually near field borders.
Damage commonly occurs to the following parts of houses and other structures.
Damage comprises the loss of the tip of the nose and part of the left leg.
Damage consists mainly of weakened branches that break off during heavy winds.
Damage consists of foliage consumption.
Damage consists of round galls on the twigs of host trees.
Damage consists of small holes and interveinal feeding on the newest leaflets near the stem tips.
Damage consists of young plants being chewed off slightly below or at ground level.
Damage continues throughout the season.
Damage continues today, and many other features are under threat.
Damage covers a very broad geographical area.
Damage decreases functions.
Damage depends on location and stage of bud development.
Damage depends on locations.
Damage depends on the initial posture of the neck.
Damage depends on types.
Damage depends on which drug is used, when.
Damage depends upon the type of demon breathing.
Damage disfigures large branches and trunks and weakens the tree.
Damage does occur, however, when man attempts to occupy the flood-plain.
Damage done by attacks can accumulate and disable the patient.
Damage done by pocket gophers is similar to moles, but there is a major difference.
Damage done by the public is the responsibility of the adjoining property owner.
Damage done by the sun can also lead to skin cancer.
Damage done can be quite severe.
Damage done in late syphilis is irreversible.
Damage done psychologically can be no less crippling.
Damage equals that of a normal creature of that type.
Damage equals that of a normal creature of the familiar 's kind.
Damage equals the dose that creates a response that lowers crop value.
Damage eventually appears in a descendant cell several generations later.
Damage extends across a five-county area.
Damage first appears as brown trails or small irregular brown spots in the lawns.
Damage first appears as scattered yellow areas that rapidly enlarge to brown, dead spots.
Damage first appears in spring and is followed by dieback and browning in summer.
Damage first appears on field perimeters.
Damage first becomes apparent when plants lose their healthy appearance and wilt.
Damage first occurs on new needle growth.
Damage generally appears as large, irregular holes of missing plant tissue.
Damage generally causes A. Very devastating effects.
Damage generally increases the longer the carrots are left in the ground.
Damage generally occurs by excess heating caused by too much current driven through the wires.
Damage generally occurs by excess heating when too much current is driven through an appliance.
Damage generally occurs through removal of sap.
Damage generally occurs when exotic species invade new territory.
Damage generally results in little likelihood of repair.
Damage gets worse and worse.
Damage happens when wind gets inside a home through a broken window, door, or damaged roof.
Damage has appearances.
Damage has distinctive appearances.
Damage has effects.
Damage has impact.
Damage has negative effects.
Damage has no effect on fruit production unless clusters are close to the injured portion.
Damage has significant effects.
Damage has significant negative effects.
Damage has to be paid for by the hunters.
Damage has to occur away from the premises owned by or rented to the named insured.
Damage here is minimal, though books are on the floor and askew on the shelves.
Damage includes a large underwater sinkhole caused by the erosion.
Damage includes defoliation, stunted growth and the death of limbs.
Damage includes destruction.
Damage includes deterioration.
Damage includes discoloration of foliage and defoliation.
Damage includes DNA strand breaks, cross-links, and dimer formation.
Damage includes downed power lines, agricultural damage and stranded transportation.
Damage includes lesions, kernel necrosis, and premature nut abortion.
Damage includes light colored speckling on the upper surface of the leaf.
Damage includes light-colored speckling on the upper surface of the leaf.
Damage includes signs of delay in development, intellectual impairment or neurological impairment.
Damage includes writing in books or underlining text.
Damage increases each year that susceptible cultivars are grown in infested soil.
Damage increases rapidly as intensity is increased.
Damage inflicted by adults are relatively minor unless they occur in high numbers and feed on buds.
Damage inflicted is equal to the visions density rank and body armor is ignored.
Damage involves erosion.
Damage involves shoreline erosion.
Damage is absorbed by the shield, and transfers to health only when the shield is depleted.
Damage is allocated by overall damage as well as critical hits.
Damage is allocated to individual systems and ship structure.
Damage is already visible in Norway.
Damage is also common in plane trees, maples, ginkgos, birch, oak and rosaceae species.
Damage is also greater following logging, fires, and, particularly, abnormally dry weather .
Damage is also related to fishing frequency, gear weight and rigging.
Damage is also serious in rooting beds, causing severe defoliation and poor growth.
Damage is an occurrence
Damage is anticipated to the plant's leaf mass, but no yield-reducing damage is anticipated.
Damage is applied.
Damage is assessed and repairs are begun.
Damage is at a half a billion dollars .
Damage is at a half a billion dollars.
Damage is at the gas water interfaces within the body.
Damage is casualties.
Damage is caused by a lifetime of sun exposure.
Damage is caused by actions.
Damage is caused by actual physical penetration into the skin.
Damage is caused by adults feeding in the fruit.
Damage is caused by adults.
Damage is caused by black vine weevil larvae.
Damage is caused by boars.
Damage is caused by conditions.
Damage is caused by continuously high blood sugars over long periods of time.
Damage is caused by crises.
Damage is caused by cutting the stems of seedling plants.
Damage is caused by dehydration.
Damage is caused by feed larvae.
Damage is caused by feeding of the larval stage.
Damage is caused by feeding on ear tips, fruit, pods and blossoms.
Damage is caused by fire, white pine blister rust, bark beetles, budworms and dwarf mistletoe.
Damage is caused by forces.
Damage is caused by gophers.
Damage is caused by heat.
Damage is caused by humans.
Damage is caused by imbalances.
Damage is caused by improper horse use.
Damage is caused by incidents.
Damage is caused by larvae feeding on needles of host pines.
Damage is caused by larvae which are white or pink, C-shaped and legless.
Damage is caused by larvae which feed between the upper and lower layers of leaves.
Damage is caused by larvae.
Damage is caused by mechanical forces.
Damage is caused by pocket gophers.
Damage is caused by pollutants.
Damage is caused by pollution.
Damage is caused by rubbish and debris, fishing nets, anchors plus uninformed swimmers.
Damage is caused by storms.
Damage is caused by substances.
Damage is caused by such incidents.
Damage is caused by sucking the sap and by oviposition cuts.
Damage is caused by the adult.
Damage is caused by the grubs of the insect.
Damage is caused by the larvae feeding in fruits.
Damage is caused by the larvae feeding on the leaves.
Damage is caused by the larvae feeding on the needles.
Damage is caused by the larvae of the cockchafer beetle.
Damage is caused by the larvae, which burrow into the apple and feed in the seed cavity.
Damage is caused by the larvae.
Damage is caused by the larval stage, primarily to younger trees.
Damage is caused by the lice eating the mucus,epithelium, and scales of the fish.
Damage is caused by the nymphs and adults sucking sap from the bean pods.
Damage is caused by the sucking of the lacebugs.
Damage is caused by the the caterpillars, which feed inside pine needles.
Damage is caused by the white-pinkish, legged larvae.
Damage is caused by toxic substances.
Damage is caused by use.
Damage is caused by vine weevil larvae.
Damage is caused by weather conditions.
Damage is caused by wet mopping and allowing water to puddle.
Damage is caused by wild boars.
Damage is caused by wind gusts and flying debris.
Damage is caused from aphids sucking the sap leading to plant distortion.
Damage is caused primarily by the feeding of the larvae beneath the bark at the tips of branches.
Damage is caused primarily by the larvae.
Damage is caused primarily by the toxin that is injected into the plant.
Damage is caused so much by lack of continuity.
Damage is caused to apples by the rosy apple aphid.
Damage is caused when the worm feeds in the fruit.
Damage is characterized as extensive skeletonization of the leaves in spring and early summer.
Damage is characterized by scarring of the pod surface and clipping of pegs below ground.
Damage is compensation.
Damage is concentrated in renal and brain endothelium, but the cause is unknown.
Damage is concentrated in the northern mainland and islands off the coast.
Damage is confined to small areas of the brain with a partial seizure.
Damage is confined to the face of the plywood.
Damage is considered severe when one or more leaves of seedling corn are killed.
Damage is conspicuous in log ends.
Damage is contained to extensive smoke damage in the kitchen.
Damage is cosmetic rather than yield reducing.
Damage is cumulative.
Damage is deducted from the target's current hit points.
Damage is defined as a loss or harm resulting from injury to a person, property or reputation.
Damage is defined as limited to that which is beyond normal wear and tear.
Damage is determined accurately depending on the speed and location of the impact.
Damage is determined in the same way.
Damage is direct to the berry clusters or indirect to vines, shoots, roots, or leaves.
Damage is done because the leaf loss can decrease tree growth and fruit production.
Damage is done by larvae eating foliage and sometimes fruit on eggplant, pepper, and tomato.
Damage is done by pigs.
Damage is done by skipping around.
Damage is done by the adults and larvae.
Damage is done by the larvae as they create narrow, meandering tunnels in wood as they feed .
Damage is done by the larvae as they create narrow, meandering tunnels in wood as they feed.
Damage is done by the larvae, which are light green-gray caterpillars with black spotting.
Damage is done by the larvae, which chew leaves in spring.
Damage is done by the toxin.
Damage is done by their piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Damage is done by workers and nymphs.
Damage is done in hit points.
Damage is done on so many levels.
Damage is done primarily by boring and tunneling in the stems.
Damage is done primarily when buds and leaves are unfolding.
Damage is done to armour's hits.
Damage is done to the body when the paths on which the life force travels become interrupted.
Damage is done to the roots and trunk.
Damage is done when parents yell and hit or withdraw their emotional support.
Damage is done with firearms, pesticides, illegal traps, etc.
Damage is done.
Damage is doubled, or damage is done to two targets.
Damage is dramatic after clearcutting, but damage to advance reproduction also is important.
Damage is dramatic, but appears to be mostly surface.
Damage is due both to cell death following infection and to inflammation.
Damage is due to both inflammation and necrosis.
Damage is due to work done on the car as it is smushed.
Damage is enormous.
Damage is erratic.
Damage is especially common on white and yellow roses and other flowers.
Damage is especially severe on trees under stress and trees growing in cutover hard-wood stands.
Damage is estimated at a few hundred dollars.
Damage is estimated at a million and a half dollars.
Damage is estimated at hundreds of millions of pounds.
Damage is estimated at one hundred thousand dollars.
Damage is estimated at one-million dollars.
Damage is estimated at thousands of rands.
Damage is estimated in the billions of dollars.
Damage is estimated to be in the six to ten thousand dollar range.
Damage is estimated to be several thousands of dollars.
Damage is estimated to run into thousands of pounds.
Damage is explained in terms of geological environment.
Damage is expressed as a percentage of tonnage, with critical hits thrown in.
Damage is expressed as stippling, and bronzing of the leaves and leaf veins.
Damage is extensive.
Damage is extremely rare under most circumstances.
Damage is far more noticeable on paler colored varieties.
Damage is feared to be extensive.
Damage is first evident as small white or pale yellow spots on the leaves.
Damage is first evident in the wilting and dying of younger leaves.
Damage is found either in the crown area or the lower part of the trunk near the soil line.
Damage is found in both rural and urban environments.
Damage is generally minimal.
Damage is generally more pronounced on the lower leaves.
Damage is generally more severe in warmer areas of the state.
Damage is generally only cosmetic.
Damage is great.
Damage is greater at the center of the attack and less as the ring of energy travels outward.
Damage is greater in cold, wet weather and when the seed is deeply planted.
Damage is greater in plants that are infested early in their growth.
Damage is greater in the depth of the sulci than over the crests.
Damage is greater to younger plants.
Damage is greatest in poorly drained, compacted, or overirrigated soils.
Damage is greatest on lawns that are deficient in nitrogen.
Damage is greatest when cool, wet weather during early pod fill is followed by dry weather.
Damage is greatest when crops start to ripen concurrently with peak aphid numbers.
Damage is greatest when the disease becomes severe before the grain is completely formed.
Damage is handled well.
Damage is heaviest on closely packed containers or liners irrigated with overhead sprinklers.
Damage is highly variable from tree to tree and from branch to branch within the same tree.
Damage is identified by yellowish to rust color of evergreen foliage.
Damage is identified by yellowish to rust color of the foliage.
Damage is in the billions.
Damage is increased from the rear of the target, and lessened from in front.
Damage is incurred to hands and feet starting at the wrist and ankle, respectively.
Damage is indicated by a white cast to the leaves when viewed from a distance.
Damage is indicated by masses of gum and brown castings on the trunk.
Damage is indicated in dark purple.
Damage is inflicted on the cells with every sunburn.
Damage is inflicted when the fleet rotates, before it attacks, supports or opposes the conflict.
Damage is intensified by moisture stress during drought.
Damage is irreversible.
Damage is known to greatly increase the sensitivity of an explosive to initiation.
Damage is less profound than coincidental.
Damage is light from first generation corn borer.
Damage is light.
Damage is likely to be greater when changes occur abruptly.
Damage is likely to be most severe in years when growth is slow.
Damage is likely to be severe when the scale becomes numerous.
Damage is likely to landscaping and mobile homes.
Damage is limited to flowers and is most troublesome during wet, warm weather.
Damage is local, caused by enlargement of the nest.
Damage is located on the non-visible or underside of the vane.
Damage is mainly aesthetic and can be tolerated to a certain degree.
Damage is massive but structurally it is minimal.
Damage is minimal even when symptoms are apparent.
Damage is minimal for the homeowner.
Damage is minimal when grub density is low or if the grass receives plenty of moisture.
Damage is modeled as a change in the plate's conductivity.
Damage is modified by psionic strength, attack roll is modified by psionic dexterity.
Damage is more abundant where tree fruits are nearby.
Damage is more common on prostrate and horizontal forms of juniper.
Damage is more common on sandy soils following periods of drought.
Damage is more detrimental at the top, where the velvet is more valuable.
Damage is more evident on older fruit.
Damage is more likely to occur during a cool, wet spring when germination is delayed.
Damage is more likely to occur if the lawn borders cropland or large untended fields.
Damage is more severe among shade and ornamental trees than forest stands.
Damage is more severe in dry weather and during the dry months of late summer.
Damage is more severe in hot dry springs when moisture is limiting.
Damage is more severe on nursery stock and seedlings.
Damage is most common in corn following sod.
Damage is most common in early plantings while the soil is cool, and if organic matter is high.
Damage is most common in headlands and grassy areas.
Damage is most common in late-planted soybeans on dry, sandy soils.
Damage is most common near ground or foundation or in wood close to or in contact with the ground.
Damage is most common on sandy soils following periods of drought.
Damage is most evident in late summer and early fall.
Damage is most evident on the south and west sides of trees and shrubs.
Damage is most evident when winter pruning, although the insect is active in late summer.
Damage is most likely to occur in cool, humid weather.
Damage is most likely to occur on late planted soybean.
Damage is most likely to occur when strawberries are planted on newly plowed sod.
Damage is most likely where the critical loads are small and the excess deposition is high.
Damage is most noticeable during dry summers.
Damage is most noticeable in landscapes rather than woodlands.
Damage is most noticeable on ornamental plantings rather than in forests and woodlands.
Damage is most noticeable on the west and south sides of the plants.
Damage is most prevalent during drought conditions in crops grown on sandy soil.
Damage is most profound during periods of especially cool and wet weather.
Damage is most serious when feeding is in the vegetative bud of the plant.
Damage is most severe and recovery slowest during dry years.
Damage is most severe during late, cool, dry springs.
Damage is most severe in corn following sod or in very grassy fields.
Damage is most severe in corn following sod or very grassy fields.
Damage is most severe in damp areas or during extended rainy periods.
Damage is most severe in late summer and fall.
Damage is most severe in light, sandy soil.
Damage is most severe in poorly drained soils.
Damage is most severe in spring and fall.
Damage is most severe in the spring and fall when gophers are active near the ground surface.
Damage is most severe in wet seasons when harvest is delayed.
Damage is most severe on plants in full sun.
Damage is most severe on sandy soils.
Damage is most severe when plants are growing under optimal conditions.
Damage is most significant just after petal-fall.
Damage is mostly always through excessive force applied too soon.
Damage is mostly cosmetic if vine growth is vigorous.
Damage is mostly cosmetic.
Damage is mostly limited to the Western Area and North Community.
Damage is much like that of the eastern tent caterpillar which appear in early spring.
Damage is non-existent.
Damage is non-repairable.
Damage is often highest on the edges of crops.
Damage is often most severe on leaves that are perpendicular to the sun's rays.
Damage is often patchy and occurs on knolls and in light soil areas.
Damage is often permanent and irreversible.
Damage is often severe by the time infestation is identified.
Damage is often the most severe in spring and fall when the moisture in the soil is very high.
Damage is often worse on shaded lawns.
Damage is possible to the wings, wheels, engine, gearbox and brakes.
Damage is present on the area of the surface where the maximum heating occurred.
Damage is prevented by enabling sophisticated blocking of undesirable traffic.
Damage is primarily aesthetic.
Damage is primarily cosmetic and typically subsides when flowering begins.
Damage is primarily cosmetic.
Damage is primarily due to excessive use.
Damage is primarily to unanchored mobile homes, shrubbery and trees.
Damage is problematic for whole pack or diced uses.
Damage is quite extensive, more than is indicated by some of the earlier theories.
Damage is quite noticeable if present.
Damage is realistic, and balanced to be fun as well.
Damage is realistic, so is the skidding, and the land forms.
Damage is recorded as hull and mast hits.
Damage is recorded with brass cribbage markers.
Damage is reduced in buildings located on bedrock.
Damage is reflected visually on the character models, a rather nice visual touch.
Damage is related to degree of infestation by the Hessian fly larvae.
Damage is reported on both sides of the border .
Damage is reported on both sides of the border.
Damage is reported to already affected structures.
Damage is reportedly severe in some fields where the disease has traditionally been a problem.
Damage is represented visually, but usually only after several hits.
Damage is resolved, and now damage can be prevented, and unprevented damage can be healed.
Damage is said to be in the millions.
Damage is seen as silvering of the foliage and distortion of growing points and flower buds.
Damage is seen on all tanks and some parts of the track itself.
Damage is seenprimarily in the proximal tubulaar segments.
Damage is severe in some fields.
Damage is severe to young, newly transplanted trees.
Damage is severe, but the rate of fire is very slow, and the launcher carries sparse ammunition.
Damage is severe, especially in Austria where total defoliation is often observed.
Damage is severe.
Damage is shown by removing masts from the little ships.
Damage is shown here.
Damage is similar to that caused by the oriental fruit moth.
Damage is slashed, labor productivity is boosted and warehouse capacity is increased.
Damage is slight in poorly built buildings.
Damage is slight to moderate in well-built buildings.
Damage is sometimes inadvertent or unavoidable.
Damage is sometini severe locally.
Damage is split between the health and armor bars.
Damage is strictly cosmetic.
Damage is subtracted from the total.
Damage is superficial and temporary.
Damage is taken realistically.
Damage is the responsibility of the unit and can be very costly.
Damage is the result of a combination of electrical energy and intense brightness.
Damage is the result of girdling of twigs, small branches, and stems by the adult female.
Damage is the third factor.
Damage is to be paid for at the level set by the lending library.
Damage is to the panel control box in the front.
Damage is typically greatest in warm regions with light, sandy soils.
Damage is typically minor and repairable, such as a minor ding in a door or a scratch on a bumper.
Damage is ugly, but usually only cosmetic.
Damage is undetermined.
Damage is unknown .
Damage is unknown.
Damage is unlikely if seedlings are growing vigorously and have reached the five leaf stage.
Damage is updated in real time during the race.
Damage is usually against the property, reputation, product, or service of the company.
Damage is usually greatest during hot, dry weather, and in sunny areas rather than in the shade.
Damage is usually heaviest in the spring and fall when the grubs are near the surface.
Damage is usually in clusters of plants.
Damage is usually less, the longer the renter stays.
Damage is usually light in heavy or very light soils.
Damage is usually minimal and most common on new plantings, late in the growing season.
Damage is usually minimal.
Damage is usually minor.
Damage is usually more pronounced on the upper, windward, or southern side of trees.
Damage is usually more severe in sandy soils and less severe in heavy clay soils.
Damage is usually more ugly than harmful.
Damage is usually most severe on the side of the plant exposed to sun and air flow.
Damage is usually most severe on young trees.
Damage is usually permanent.
Damage is usually severe because of the low compressive strength of aramid fiber.
Damage is usually spotty, although it can be serious.
Damage is usually temporary, and new leaf growth quickly follows.
Damage is usually worse when compounded by water stress.
Damage is very severe in summer months.
Damage is very variable depending on the different chestnut varieties.
Damage is visible by turning of the display, and inspecting the screen surface closely.
Damage is well over a million dollars, though the owners and tenants are committed to rebuilding.
Damage is widespread.
Damage is worse along the shoulder and tops of the vine canopies.
Damage is worse when plants are under stress such as during droughty periods.
Damage is worst in warm, coastal areas.
Damage is, therefore, presumed without proof.
Damage isa alteration.
Damage just accumulates until they are destroyed.
Damage keeps growing.
Damage leads to activations.
Damage leads to an inability to form new long-term memories.
Damage leads to chemical modification.
Damage leads to conditions.
Damage leads to defects.
Damage leads to health problems.
Damage leads to modification.
Damage leads to problems.
Damage leads to reductions.
Damage leads to scars.
Damage leads to serious problems.
Damage listed is for all of the water hitting the target.
Damage needs to be determined.
Damage now is likely to be irreparable.
Damage occurring during shipping for any reason is the sole responsibility of the sender.
Damage occurs as minute, rounded pits on young roots.
Damage occurs as thrips feed on young, unfurled leaves of seedling cotton.
Damage occurs at all stages, from seeds to harvested crops.
Damage occurs at the site of impact and on the opposite side of the brain.
Damage occurs both to the corms in storage and to the growing plant.
Damage occurs due to the sucking action of the insect, distorting the new tissue and leaves.
Damage occurs during periods.
Damage occurs during year periods.
Damage occurs early in the season, then the leafhoppers go off to their summer hots.
Damage occurs from feeding, bedding, and trampling.
Damage occurs from heavy or late spring grazing which can seriously reduce grain production.
Damage occurs from improper packing.
Damage occurs from the corrosive action and the heat of solution.
Damage occurs in adjacent areas.
Damage occurs in areas.
Damage occurs in spring, just before or at budbreak.
Damage occurs in the form of defoliation, which is especially critical on marketable aged trees.
Damage occurs in the relationship.
Damage occurs in the walls of the coronary arteries, which are the arteries that go to the heart.
Damage occurs mainly on the leaf blade.
Damage occurs most commonly from fins.
Damage occurs most frequently when corn is planted into a sod field or adjoining such a field.
Damage occurs most often in greenhouses or plant beds.
Damage occurs on seedlings.
Damage occurs on the south and west sides of the trees.
Damage occurs over time.
Damage occurs primarily during winter when other types of food are scarce.
Damage occurs throughout the summer.
Damage occurs to adjacent and downstream properties.
Damage occurs to both commercial hardwoods and softwoods.
Damage occurs to soft body tissues, such as tendons and nerves.
Damage occurs to the brain.
Damage occurs to the optic nerve even though eye pressure is in the normal range.
Damage occurs to the storage device where a data file resides.
Damage occurs when hikers trample surface vegetation or communities of organisms beyond recovery.
Damage occurs when the brain's blood supply is interrupted.
Damage occurs when the cherries begin to color.
Damage occurs when the female lays eggs in the fruit.
Damage occurs when the females make slits in branches and twigs in which to deposit the eggs.
Damage occurs when the forces exceed the structural limits of a muscle, bone or connective tissue.
Damage occurs when the insects inject a toxin as they feed.
Damage occurs when the spots expand and girdle stems, causing dead shoots in the summer and fall.
Damage occurs when the testis is forcefully compressed against the pubic bones.
Damage only occurs on soft growth.
Damage passes all the way through a ship.
Damage produces debris, which can migrate to surrounding soft tissue.
Damage progresses from yellowing to death of plant leaves.
Damage progresses very slowly and destroys vision gradually, starting with the side vision.
Damage ranges anywhere from simply re-mailing itself to destroying data on infected systems.
Damage ranges from a marginal scorching of leaves to complete killing of plants.
Damage ranges from dead turf underneath trees to complete death of the lawn.
Damage ranges from individual flower or shoot infections to death of limbs.
Damage ranges from just a few leaves or shoots affected to entire plants.
Damage ranges from minor to severe.
Damage ranges from scratched paint to totaled piles of scrap metal.
Damage ranges from temporary disablement to physical damage.
Damage ranges well into the millions.
Damage reaches a peak in the center of the city and then starts to decrease.
Damage recorded for dead trees is the cause of death.
Damage reduces ability.
Damage reduces forage yield and quality in several ways.
Damage reduces the value, but exceptional qualities can add to the value.
Damage refers to the effect of activities of the geese.
Damage relates to the peak blood alcohol levels reached.
Damage remains hidden under the soil in the root system.
Damage removing the bark is damage to the trunk of the tree, suggesting damage to the tree.
Damage resembles a deep dimple in the fruit.
Damage resembles that caused by severe frost or fire.
Damage resembles that of phenoxy herbicides.
Damage resulting from careless use or loss creates the costliest fines of all.
Damage resulting from cooling system failure of any description is excluded from warranty coverage.
Damage resulting from dental malpractice usually is permanent.
Damage resulting from direct feeding and transmission of virus disease can both occur.
Damage resulting from grading remains a private civil matter between the two parties.
Damage resulting from the failure to comply carries a heavy price tag.
Damage resulting from the raid is said to be limited.
Damage results from activities.
Damage results from attacks.
Damage results from deficiencies.
Damage results from exposure.
Damage results from heavy exposure.
Damage results from iodine deficiencies.
Damage results from lamprey attacks.
Damage results from rain.
Damage seems to be more prevalent in untilled areas.
Damage seems very light as well.
Damage shows up during the summer as irregular areas of yellow to reddish brown turf.
Damage starts as small holes in new leaflets and progresses to heavy skeletonizing of the terminals.
Damage starts first at the field edges.
Damage starts in the interior of shrub.
Damage starts mid to late spring, but there can be several generations in a season.
Damage starts with peripheral vision.
Damage taken by a spirit is three levels less than what is taken by the host's physical body.
Damage takes a long time to restore.
Damage takes effect as soon as it is done.
Damage takes many forms.
Damage takes place to the whole system.
Damage tends to be concentrated in shady areas.
Damage tends to be heaviest in even years.
Damage tends to be more serious on open-growing ornamental birches than on trees in forest stands.
Damage tends to be prevalent in fields which follow sod or no-till corn.
Damage tends to be worse in years with warm, extended falls.
Damage tends to occur to the front of the eye.
Damage therefore accumulates more rapidly, resulting in earlier manifestations and shorter lifespan.
Damage typically begins in a sunny location adjacent to a concrete walkway or curb.
Damage varies across frequency and species.
Damage varies considerably, depending on the persistence of attack.
Damage varies from season to season, especially as weed control fluctuates.
Damage varies from slight to severe.
Damage varies from year to year, but some injury occurs every year.
Damage varies widely.
Damage varies with cultivar.
Damage weakens the tree and predisposes it to attack by other pests and diseases.
Damage wills have effects.
Damage wills have ripple effects.
Damages aim to put the injured party in the same position as if the contract had been performed.
Damages also differ from the verdict, which is the final decision issued by a jury.
Damages also occur to irrigation canals and farm ponds.
Damages also show up in land animals, affecting their behavior and feeding patterns.
Damages amount to over Rs.
Damages are a measure of the non-breaching party's loss as a result of the breach.
Damages are a typical request made of a court when persons sue for breach of contract or tort .
Damages are a typical request made of a court when persons sue for breach of contract or tort.
Damages are also statutory.
Damages are as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code.
Damages are at large and are subject to minimal appellate review.
Damages are available as a remedy as of right to the party who has suffered the breach of contract.
Damages are available only from the date of notice of infringement.
Damages are available to compensate for the actual loss sustained by the misappropriation.
Damages are capped for cases of sex, religious, and disability discrimination only.
Damages are compensatory in nature.
Damages are detailed.
Damages are insignificant.
Damages are light.
Damages are likely to be the only remedy.
Damages are limited to actual, direct economic damages, plus the cost of the action.
Damages are limited to payment of benefits.
Damages are more specific, as well.
Damages are often just as hotly contested as fault.
Damages are primarily to videotapes, which have been broken or cracked.
Damages are speculative when uncertainty exists as to the fact of damages.
Damages are the economic, property or health-related losses caused by the accident.
Damages are to be decided at a later date.
Damages are to be proved to a degree of reasonable certainty.
Damages are unknown.
Damages are yet to be determined.
Damages are, at best, far less than that.
Damages can also include attorney and expert witness fees.
Damages can and often do occur.
Damages can be quite difficult to quantify.
Damages can be substantially limited.
Damages can probably have effects many years to come.
Damages can range from a burnt meter to the burnt limb of a utility worker.
Damages can range from debris-covered roadways to extensive property damage and numerous casualties.
Damages can result from any mistake by the CPA or dissatisfaction of the interested parties.
Damages can t be too speculative.
Damages elsewhere are for the jury to decide.
Damages estimates top tens of millions of dollars.
Damages have to be modelled as defined objects.
Damages have to be reported immediately.
Damages have yet to be assessed.
Damages Inspect all boxes and contents upon arrival.
Damages lag casualties by several hours.
Damages lakes and destroys ancient stone architecture.
Damages look to the plaintiff's market whereas profits look to defendant's market.
Damages means judgment awards, settlements, penalties and awards of plaintiff's costs.
Damages now begin to occur to deck fittings.
Damages resulting from negligent misrepresentation are economic rather than property damages.
Damages then are equal to the promisee's net reliance costs.
Damage always occurs when water loss through transpiration is greater than water uptake.
Damage often continues along a row or expands in patches until few tillers are left.
Damage often creates economic ripples through the community and beyond state borders.
Damage often is unsightly and sometimes a serious problem even on well-maintained lawns.
Damage often occurs in randomly spaced areas.
Damage often occurs in randomly spaced patches in a field or yard.
Damage often occurs in randomly spaced patches in a field.
Damage often occurs in randomly spaced patches in a yard.
Damage often shows itself in the hopper with reduced yields.
Damage often starts around pavement.
Damages often are in the hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Damage sometimes can be severe.
Damage usually appears as withering leaves on branch tips during the growing season.
Damage usually appears insignificant when the larva hatches.
Damage usually appears on limbs near the base of the plant.
Damage usually begins as a black or brown splotch.
Damage usually begins on the lower leaves and moves upward.
Damage usually causes death to branches and ruins the appearance of shrubs or trees.
Damage usually consists of a few broken branches.
Damage usually consists of many small, irregular holes in leaves and petals.
Damage usually includes extensive bark removal and severe clipping of lateral shoots.
Damage usually is minimal on tomatoes and often can be ignored.
Damage usually is worst in forks and around wounds in the bark.
Damage usually occurs first in the hottest and driest parts of the lawn.
Damage usually occurs from midsummer to the end of the growing season.
Damage usually occurs on the south and southwest side of the shrubs.
Damage usually occurs only on the side of the plant facing a road, driveway or sidewalk.
Damage usually occurs only on the side of the plant facing a road, driveway or sidewaly.
Damage usually occurs slowly, often over a period of many years.
Damage usually occurs when adults migrate from nearby alfalfa fields that have just been harvested.
Damage usually occurs when hot, sunny weather follows periods of cool, cloudy weather.
Damage usually occurs when lilac roots approach the base of the foundation under the soil.
Damage usually ranges from noticeable yield reductions to crop failures.
Damage usually results in wilted leaves or drooping girdled tips.
Damage usually shows up as discrete small spots of discolored turf.
Damage usually starts at the edge of a field.
All damage is applied according to the basic rules.
All damage is applied immediately.
All damage is caused by the larval stage of the elm spanworm.
All damage is cumulative, and is simultaneuosly awarded at the end of each round of shooting.
All damage is cumulative.
All damage is subdual damage.
Any damage caused by mishandling is the responsibility of the hirer.
Any damage caused is non- reversible.
Any damage caused to the babies' head and face by the forceps usually clears up rapidly after birth.
Any damage depends on the interaction between radiation and living cells.
Any damage done in the vicinity of the party is billed back to the party hosts.
Any damage done is likely to be negligable.
Any damage done to a fence located in an easement is the property owner's responsibility.
Any damage done to the building and equipment only causes a heavier load on the taxpayer.
Any damage done to the property is the tenant's responsibility to either pay for or repair.
Any damage incurred during a campout is just too bad.
Any damage is noted in the record, and repaired if possible.
Any damage is the owner's responsibility.
Any damage is the responsibility of the requested party.
Any damage lasting beyond six months is likely to be permanent.
Any damage represents significant costs to the production company.
Any damage resulting from such a change is considered damnum absque injuria , loss without injury.
Any damage resulting from use of tire chains is the responsibility of the using agency.
Any damages are limited to the additional injury or worsening of the condition.
Any damages are the sole responsibility of the winner.
Any damages arising out of the actions of a member, are the financial responsibility of that member.
Any damages done by said contractors is the hosts responsibly.
Any damages incurred during shipping are the responsibility of the shipper.
Any damages start with lost wages and benefits as a result of being fired.
Any damages suffered by plaintiffs as a result of that sale are easily calculable.
Many damages can injure the visual system.
More damage can be catastrophic or fatal.
More damage is caused by loose support bars rather than nails.
More damage is caused from earthquakes in larger cities.
More damage is dealt.
More damage is done by a child born in the United States than one born in an undeveloped country.
More damage is done by failure to act than by acting badly.
More damage is done by forced treatment than by no treatment.
More damage is done during tuneup than in many hours of operating.
More damage is due to inappropriate anchoring than scuba diving.
More damage is possible if micronutrients are applied in excess rather than from deficiencies.
More damage occurs as the heel gets higher.
Most damage usually goes unnoticed except on very closely mowed turf such as golf greens.
Most damage appears to be superficial.
Most damage appears to be to the infrastructure, though the water supply is okay.
Most damage caused by meadow spittlebug is aesthetic, due to the presence of the spittle masses.
Most damage causes abnormal results.
Most damage causes destruction.
Most damage causes issues.
Most damage causes plumb problems.
Most damage causes problems.
Most damage causes results.
Most damage comes from contact with the container rather than with other fruit.
Most damage comes from slugs on site rather than from immigrants.
Most damage comes from the winds which rotate at incredible speeds above and at the ground surface.
Most damage decreases functions.
Most damage depends on locations.
Most damage depends on types.
Most damage done to printers comes from an accumulation of debris.
Most damage has appearances.
Most damage has distinctive appearances.
Most damage has effects.
Most damage has impact.
Most damage has negative effects.
Most damage has significant effects.
Most damage has significant negative effects.
Most damage includes destruction.
Most damage includes deterioration.
Most damage involves erosion.
Most damage involves shoreline erosion.
Most damage is associated with lipid bilayers.
Most damage is cause by worker termites.
Most damage is caused by actions.
Most damage is caused by adults.
Most damage is caused by anthracnose and septoria leaf spots.
Most damage is caused by black vine weevil larvae.
Most damage is caused by boars.
Most damage is caused by conditions.
Most damage is caused by crises.
Most damage is caused by dehydration.
Most damage is caused by feed larvae.
Most damage is caused by feeding on the surface of filling and maturing pods.
Most damage is caused by forces.
Most damage is caused by gophers.
Most damage is caused by grubs after resuming feeding in the spring.
Most damage is caused by heat.
Most damage is caused by humans.
Most damage is caused by imbalances.
Most damage is caused by incidents.
Most damage is caused by larvae.
Most damage is caused by mechanical forces.
Most damage is caused by pocket gophers.
Most damage is caused by pollutants.
Most damage is caused by pollution.
Most damage is caused by storms.
Most damage is caused by substances.
Most damage is caused by such incidents.
Most damage is caused by toxic substances.
Most damage is caused by use.
Most damage is caused by vine weevil larvae.
Most damage is caused by weather conditions.
Most damage is caused by wild boars.
Most damage is caused to video tapes when they are lacing and unlacing.
Most damage is credited to water problems, ground frost or settling.
Most damage is done by pigs.
Most damage is done by punches repeatedly on the head.
Most damage is done by the larvae.
Most damage is done by the larval stage.
Most damage is done by the nymphs.
Most damage is done by the water.
Most damage is done in the time between the appearance of the flag leaf and the head.
Most damage is done only to the emerging eye buds.
Most damage is done to records by people rather than the environment.
Most damage is due to flying debris and violent winds.
Most damage is inflicted by the sharper lower canines.
Most damage is north of the Tampa Bay area, which soaks up much- needed precipitation.
Most damage is north of the Tampa Bay area, which soaks up much-needed precipitation.
Most damage is noticed in the spring.
Most damage is the product of the whirling and rising winds and very low pressure.
Most damage is to corn kernels.
Most damage leads to activations.
Most damage leads to chemical modification.
Most damage leads to defects.
Most damage leads to problems.
Most damage leads to reductions.
Most damage leads to serious problems.
Most damage occurs after petal fall.
Most damage occurs at night when the cutworms emerge from just beneath the soil surface.
Most damage occurs at night.
Most damage occurs during early to midspring.
Most damage occurs during periods.
Most damage occurs during the warm summer months when carpenter ants are most active.
Most damage occurs during warm months when carpenter ants are most active.
Most damage occurs early winter through spring.
Most damage occurs from nearby hits, usually within a few hundred feet.
Most damage occurs from now on as the tubers bulk up to harvest.
Most damage occurs in adjacent areas.
Most damage occurs in areas.
Most damage occurs in early spring shortly after plants have emerged from the soil.
Most damage occurs in late summer and early fall after grubs are half grown.
Most damage occurs in late summer and early fall after grubs have reached the second larval stage.
Most damage occurs in spring.
Most damage occurs in the first two feet of film from improper loading.
Most damage occurs in the spring, prior to the first harvest.
Most damage occurs in the spring.
Most damage occurs in the top third of plants.
Most damage occurs on exit.
Most damage occurs on seedlings.
Most damage occurs over time.
Most damage occurs to young spears in the field after harvest.
Most damage occurs when contaminated air stagnates over soybean fields.
Most damage occurs when the cows have finished grazing.
Most damage occurs when they eat the beans out of the pod.
Most damage occurs where people use too big a hammer.
Most damage reduces ability.
Most damage takes place in spring prior to pupation.
Most damage takes place just after petal fall.
Most damages are in the deep tissue.
Most damages are less expensive, but significant.
Most damages consist of nicks and scratches in paint and laminate.
Much damage generally occurs before a meaningful blockade comes into play.
Much damage is done accidentally by people who mean no harm.
Much damage is done by breeding mares too often during a given estrus.
Much damage is done to young row crops.
Much damage is reported.
Some damage usually remains including bladder problems and sometimes paralysis.
Some damage affects plants.
Some damage also occurs from growth of sooty mold on the honeydew the insects produce.
Some damage arises from infection.
Some damage can be permanent.
Some damage causes fire.
Some damage causes holes.
Some damage causes mutation.
Some damage causes rays.
Some damage causes small spots.
Some damage causes small white spots.
Some damage causes spots.
Some damage causes symptoms.
Some damage causes white spots.
Some damage causes yellow spots.
Some damage comes from rabbits.
Some damage comes from strong wind.
Some damage comes from wind.
Some damage creates environments.
Some damage creates indoor environments.
Some damage creates suitable environments.
Some damage depends on depth.
Some damage depends on regions.
Some damage depends on size.
Some damage determines birth defects.
Some damage determines defects.
Some damage enhances germination.
Some damage enhances seed germination.
Some damage explains values.
Some damage follows treatments.
Some damage has bee caused by borrowing under foundations, driveways and other structures.
Some damage has results.
Some damage has same results.
Some damage includes breaks.
Some damage includes death.
Some damage includes pollution.
Some damage includes presence.
Some damage indicates presence.
Some damage is caused by acid rain.
Some damage is caused by acid.
Some damage is caused by air.
Some damage is caused by animals.
Some damage is caused by aphids.
Some damage is caused by asian beetles.
Some damage is caused by badgers.
Some damage is caused by bats.
Some damage is caused by bean beetles.
Some damage is caused by beetles.
Some damage is caused by behavior.
Some damage is caused by blister beetles.
Some damage is caused by bugs.
Some damage is caused by burns.
Some damage is caused by cereal pests.
Some damage is caused by chemicals.
Some damage is caused by children.
Some damage is caused by chipmunks.
Some damage is caused by clover mites.
Some damage is caused by daffodils.
Some damage is caused by deer.
Some damage is caused by diabetes.
Some damage is caused by disasters.
Some damage is caused by diseases.
Some damage is caused by dogs.
Some damage is caused by earthquakes.
Some damage is caused by effects.
Some damage is caused by epiphytes.
Some damage is caused by erosion.
Some damage is caused by events.
Some damage is caused by exposure.
Some damage is caused by extinction.
Some damage is caused by fire.
Some damage is caused by fireweeds.
Some damage is caused by free roam animals.
Some damage is caused by freeze temperature.
Some damage is caused by frost.
Some damage is caused by fungal diseases.
Some damage is caused by fungal plant diseases.
Some damage is caused by games.
Some damage is caused by goat moths.
Some damage is caused by green aphids.
Some damage is caused by green peach aphids.
Some damage is caused by hepatitis.
Some damage is caused by hurricanes.
Some damage is caused by hypertension.
Some damage is caused by iguanas.
Some damage is caused by insects.
Some damage is caused by ionize radiation.
Some damage is caused by kangaroos.
Some damage is caused by lady beetles.
Some damage is caused by large mammals.
Some damage is caused by leaf blotch miners.
Some damage is caused by leafhoppers.
Some damage is caused by mammals.
Some damage is caused by mass extinction.
Some damage is caused by mexican bean beetles.
Some damage is caused by mexican beetles.
Some damage is caused by mice.
Some damage is caused by midges.
Some damage is caused by miners.
Some damage is caused by mite spiders.
Some damage is caused by mites.
Some damage is caused by molluscs.
Some damage is caused by moths.
Some damage is caused by muntjacs.
Some damage is caused by natural disasters.
Some damage is caused by nematodes.
Some damage is caused by nonresidents.
Some damage is caused by nun moths.
Some damage is caused by other animals.
Some damage is caused by other large mammals.
Some damage is caused by other mammals.
Some damage is caused by pansies.
Some damage is caused by peach aphids.
Some damage is caused by people.
Some damage is caused by periwinkles.
Some damage is caused by pesticide.
Some damage is caused by pests.
Some damage is caused by pigs.
Some damage is caused by pinworms.
Some damage is caused by pinyon tip moths.
Some damage is caused by plant diseases.
Some damage is caused by pressure.
Some damage is caused by prey.
Some damage is caused by problem behavior.
Some damage is caused by production.
Some damage is caused by rabbits.
Some damage is caused by radiation exposure.
Some damage is caused by radiation.
Some damage is caused by rain.
Some damage is caused by rhinos.
Some damage is caused by roam animals.
Some damage is caused by silverfishs.
Some damage is caused by skunks.
Some damage is caused by slugs.
Some damage is caused by smoke tobacco.
Some damage is caused by smoke.
Some damage is caused by soybean cyst nematodes.
Some damage is caused by spiders.
Some damage is caused by springtails.
Some damage is caused by struggle prey.
Some damage is caused by sunlight.
Some damage is caused by temperature.
Some damage is caused by termites.
Some damage is caused by the ocean salt spray.
Some damage is caused by tobacco.
Some damage is caused by tomato pinworms.
Some damage is caused by toxic chemicals.
Some damage is caused by toxins.
Some damage is caused by tsunamis.
Some damage is caused by voles.
Some damage is caused by water.
Some damage is caused by weather.
Some damage is caused by weevils.
Some damage is caused by wheat aphids.
Some damage is caused by wheat midges.
Some damage is caused by wild dogs.
Some damage is caused by wind.
Some damage is caused by wolverines.
Some damage is caused by woodchucks.
Some damage is caused by workouts.
Some damage is caused by worms.
Some damage is done by deer, raccoon and rats.
Some damage is done by goats.
Some damage is done by gophers.
Some damage is done by herbivores.
Some damage is done by larvae.
Some damage is done by marmosets.
Some damage is done by moth larvae.
Some damage is done by pocket gophers.
Some damage is done by predators.
Some damage is done by rabbits.
Some damage is done by starfishs.
Some damage is done by woodchucks.
Some damage is done to poorly constructed signs.
Some damage is evident from the sinking as well as from salvage attempts.
Some damage is inevitable.
Some damage is permanent.
Some damage is produced by sedimentation.
Some damage kills grapefruit trees.
Some damage kills native plants.
Some damage lasts for decades.
Some damage leads to development.
Some damage leads to diseases.
Some damage leads to infection.
Some damage leads to productivity.
Some damage occurs at nights.
Some damage occurs during early crop stages.
Some damage occurs during early stages.
Some damage occurs during introductions.
Some damage occurs during larval stages.
Some damage occurs during spring thaw.
Some damage occurs during stages.
Some damage occurs during thaw.
Some damage occurs during years.
Some damage occurs in crops.
Some damage occurs in extremities.
Some damage occurs in homes.
Some damage occurs in irregularly shape patches.
Some damage occurs in late summer.
Some damage occurs in lawns.
Some damage occurs in livers.
Some damage occurs in neighborhoods.
Some damage occurs in patches.
Some damage occurs in plants.
Some damage occurs in regions.
Some damage occurs in summer.
Some damage occurs in victims.
Some damage occurs in weeks.
Some damage occurs in winter.
Some damage primarily occurs to unanchored mobile homes, shrubbery, trees, and foliage.
Some damage produces circular spots.
Some damage produces spots.
Some damage provides opportunity.
Some damage reduces fruit production.
Some damage reduces production.
Some damage runs very deep, and that is why some problems take a long time to conquer.
Some damage takes two or three applications.
Some damage takes years of exposure to be noticed.
Some damage threatens health.
Some damages can be permanent.
Damaged adults produce damaged children.
Damaged appliances lengthen the treatment time.
Damaged area excites axons antidromic impulses which activate facial nuclei motorneurons.
Damaged areas appear as scattered irregular, brown patches in turf.
Damaged areas appear as small holes with webbing.
Damaged areas are cut or ground out, then welded back up to their original or an improved profile.
Damaged areas are small yellow or brown circles.
Damaged areas become brown.
Damaged battleships can still attack or defend.
Damaged berries are unsightly and allow the development of rots, which make the fruit unmarketable.
Damaged blades can cause vibration and vibration can loosen the blades.
Damaged blades can come out of balance and be slung out of the mower.
Damaged blossoms have a darkened center.
Damaged boats move slower and lost gunnery factors.
Damaged bolls drop or develop abnormally after egg lay or feeding damage.
Damaged bones have no value.
Damaged boundaries operate inconsistently and often dysfunctionally.
Damaged buds appear dried up, fail to open or open with tattered flower petals.
Damaged buds produce droplets of gum, which help pinpoint a pear thrips infestation.
Damaged buildings are everywhere and a lot of the lush growth that was there has been destroyed.
Damaged buildings suggest an earthquake rocked the city, and it never recovered.
Damaged cans pose one of the greatest threats.
Damaged cartilage can make it difficult or painful for the joints to function.
Damaged cartilage is unable to replenish or repair itself, and it becomes frayed.
Damaged cells can become cancerous.
Damaged cells can then lead to malfunctioning organ systems.
Damaged cells have a natural suicide process that caffeine inhibits.
Damaged cells provide ideal sites for the growth of bacteria, yeasts and moulds.
Damaged cells release chemicals from their lysosomes that activate the inflammatory response.
Damaged cells stain nonspecifically.
Damaged cells take longer to heal raising the risk of injury and illness.
Damaged children are fodder for drug dealers.
Damaged corals can take hundreds of years to regrow.
Damaged corium produces damaged horn, which sets up a vicious cycle.
Damaged credibility means less growth and lost accounts.
Damaged cuticles cause the hair to look dull and lifeless.
Damaged data can affect the entire Zip file, multiple files, or just one file.
Damaged disks can loose data or jam a disk drive.
Damaged emotions can function again.
Damaged enamel reduces the value of the jewelry piece.
Damaged equipment can cause an auger to jam or clog up.
Damaged equipment comes from two sources, external and internal.
Damaged extension leads Always watch out for danger signs and act quickly.
Damaged eyes translate into damaged line and lost fish.
Damaged fences can trap and hold livestock, causing injury or death.
Damaged fighters look especially cool as they trail black smoke and flames.
Damaged foliage begins to turn yellow or become speckled due to mite feeding.
Damaged foliage begins to turn yellow or become speckled due to the feeding of mites.
Damaged fruit drops prematurely.
Damaged fruit is culled prior to processing.
Damaged fruit is sold for lower prices to roadside peddlers or others.
Most damaged fruit is sent off for processing.
Damaged gills are one of the main areas of infection.
Damaged grass appears yellow at first and then turns brown.
Damaged hair can break easily after perming.
Damaged hair falls to the salon floor.
Damaged hair has a negative electrical charge which can make the static even worse.
Damaged hair is replenished with panthenol and hair keratin amino acids.
Damaged hair stays damaged until it grows out and is cut off.
Damaged heart valves.
Damaged hearts are less efficient, so less blood is pumped through the muscle.
Damaged hoses are to be identified and reported to supervision for replacement.
Damaged infrastructure continues to hamper relief efforts, and needs remain severe.
Damaged insects dry out and die.
Damaged insulation is a fire hazard, as well as a hazard to workers on site.
Damaged items are to be discarded or repaired.
Damaged items remain the property of the lending library.
Any damaged item loses several points of deterioration attribute after repairs are done.
Damaged kernels mould easily.
Damaged leaves exude the oil, which is easily transferred to skin, clothes and objects.
Damaged leaves have angular notching of leaf margins which is characteristic of weevil feeding.
Damaged leaves indicate damage by army cutworms.
Damaged leaves look stippled or bleached and have small, shiny black specks on the undersides.
Damaged leaves turn brown and drop early, especially during dry weather.
Damaged leaves appear netlike.
Damaged leaves appear silvery or bleached and, if the damage is severe enough, turn yellow and drop.
Damaged leaves appear to be striped - white stripes between green veins.
Damaged leaves have a skeletonized or lace-like appearance.
Damaged leaves pose the greatest risk.
Damaged lights can cause a shock or start a fire.
Damaged lights can shock a person or start a fire.
Damaged material are items judged as non-repairable.
Damaged materials are expensive and frequently impossible to replace.
Damaged merchandise includes items that have been damaged in shipping.
Damaged mitochondria can lead to an increased incidence of cataracts.
Damaged mushrooms are down graded according to severity of damage.
Damaged nature is to be restored wherever possible.
Damaged pages are the first to be repaired and added to.
Damaged peas have small, dark indented spots and often contain grubs.
Damaged peas have small, dark, indented spots and often contain grubs.
Damaged people are dangerous.
Damaged personnel make for expensive retakes.
Damaged pieces are acceptable if they unusual and priced accordingly.
Damaged pines are ideal sites for the start of bark beetle infestations.
Damaged planes show their damage very well.
Damaged plants become yellowed, stunted, and wilted.
Damaged plants can potentially regrow.
Damaged plants have a purplish tinge.
Damaged plants produce more ethylene, which causes leaves to yellow, drop, or curl downward.
Damaged plants show more symptoms during hot, dry weather.
Damaged port supports.
Damaged products make for poor graphics.
Damaged proteins accumulate and cross-link in the skin, causing wrinkles and loss of elasticity.
Damaged proteins cause harm by sticking to healthy proteins and interfering with their function.
Damaged publications make for poor graphics.
Damaged quills irritate the bird and serve as a continual focus for plucking and mutilation.
Damaged roots reduce the ability of vegetables and flowers to take up water and nutrients.
Damaged roots result in a reduced uptake of nutrients and water.
Damaged roots rot quickly in storage.
Damaged rotors drive the price of a brake job up exponentially.
Damaged seals require caliper service.
Damaged seeds are hollow and turn a straw-brown color.
Damaged shipments are extremely rare, because warehouse order fulfillment is our business.
Damaged shipments are to be reported to the carrier immediately.
Damaged sidewalks present a tripping hazard and lead to many unnecessary injuries.
Damaged sidewalls can lead to blowouts.
Damaged sperm can cause a pregnancy to end in miscarriage.
Damaged sperm can cause miscarriages .
Damaged sperm can cause miscarriages.
Damaged squares are yellowish or brown and fall from the plant at the slightest touch.
Damaged status is usually combined with Withdrawn.
Damaged tapers can cause poor electrical contact and water leakage.
Damaged teats facilitate microbial access to the udder.
Damaged tendons can occur on either side of the elbow.
Damaged text is printed on one side in German language.
Damaged timber appears honeycombed, with soil in the galleries.
Damaged tips are brown and hollow in the center from the feeding of the caterpillars.
Damaged tissue can be the result of a heart attack, or a severe illness such as rheumatic fever.
Damaged tissue releases histamine that attracts white blood cells.
Damaged tissues can, with proper exercise and a nutritional diet, be effectively and safely rebuilt.
Damaged teeth are useful for immobilization of fractures.
Damaged trees become more open to insects and disease.
Damaged trees become unthrifty and produce off-color foliage.
Damaged trees drop their needles early and flower more profusely.
Damaged trees exhibit a clumping of the leaves around the limbs and the main trunk.
Damaged trees have a characteristic, reddish-brown colour.
Damaged trees range in size from mature to ankle-high seedlings.
Damaged tubers are particularly vulnerable to decay by the pectolytic erwinia.
Damaged turf appears ragged with individual blades showing signs of chewing damage.
Damaged turf is generally unable to withstand severe heat or even mild drought stress.
Damaged turf is off color, being light green, yellow and thinned out.
Damaged units lose troops until the the unit is destroyed.
Damaged units smoke and burn when destroyed, albeit in a garish shade of red.
Damaged valves are more likely to become infected by bacteria.
Damaged voices are in right now.
Damaged weather stripping on doors is a cause of heat loss.
Damaged wiring is often the only evidence of a prior wiretap.
Damaged wood is soft and spongy and crumbles easily.
Damaged wood requires a slightly different approach.
Damaged wood sounds hollow - a papery rustle sound indicates tunnels just beneath the surface.
Some damaging agents appear to be unaffected by stand density.
More damaging conditions are yet to come.
Damaging earthquakes can occur anywhere in the state.
Damaging evidence is anticipated and discussed.
More damaging evidence becomes available each week.
Some damaging habits are harder to break than others.
Damaging hail occurs an average of seven days each year.
Damaging infestations can develop during mild winters.
Damaging insects are spider mites, plum curculio, aphids and coddling moth.
Damaging pests can work quickly in a potato patch.
Damaging radiation is intensified on water and snow and can penetrate glass and light clothing.
Damaging storms are more common to areas north, west, and northwest of the city.
Damascene steels consist of two different steel grades, welded in over a hundred layers.
A damascene is a pattern
Damascene puts up the handsomest houses, while the other is best at erecting churches.
Damascenes know who they are.
Damasche field is a true family operation.
Damasco tablecloths are famous for their rich colors, and opulent quality.
Damask roses tend to have rangy to sprawling growth habits and strongly scented blooms.
A damask is cloth
Damask is a reversible patterned weave often used for elegant table linens.
Damask is the fragrance of love, and of love potions.
Damasks are best at making marvelous pinks and wonderful fragrances.
Damasks are fabric.
Damasks are once-blooming with extremely fragrant blossoms, for which they are most often noted.
Damasks are really old garden roses, having been grown in biblical times.
Damasks are tallish shrubs with hooked thorns and wonderful foliage.
Damasks Click on a fabric image below to see a larger swatch.
Damasks have large blossoms with a strong, distinctive fragrance.
Most damasks have arching canes and flowers that bloom in small clusters.
Dame points are also worth one point each, and the game ends when each side passes in succession.
A dame is a girl
Dame have value and so are played out.
Dame is a much loved character by all the keepers.
Dame sans per.
Dames also emphasizes the importance of teaching in improving behavior.
Dames are girls.
Dames are simple.
Dames are women.
Dames can provide some clarity in the matter.
Dames like to light their own Indian cigarettes.
Damged pixels are common on LCD screens.
Dammed rivers are hence unhealthy.
Damn channel is like crack.
Every damn emotion comes forth when encountering their presence.
Any damn fool can apply.
Any damn fool can be uncomfortable.
Any damn fool can drive on The Internet.
Any damn fool can tell the difference.
Any damn fool knows a turtle.
Any damn fool knows what's goin on.
Damn fruit flies.
Every damn person has another person.
Damn thing is more of a burden than a boon anyways.
Damn things are all over the place.
Damn things are everywhere.
Damn things are good.
Every damn thing is new.
Every damn toy is made of wood, painted in garish primary colours.
Every damn track is tremendous.
Damnation Gully is the long narrow gully on the right.
Damnation is a state, but sin is an incident.
Damnation is all the rage.
Damnation is condemnation.
Damnation is denunciation
Damnation is inevitable.
Damnation is judgment upon the sinner.
Damnation is spiritual death, as a contraposition to the physical death of the body.
Damnation is states.
Damnation is the lot of all people, whether virtuous or evil-doers.
Damnation is the mirror image of sanctification.
Damnation is the opposite of salvation.
Damnation is video games.
Damned desire equals unhappiness, and unhappiness creates a motivation for buying things.
Any damned fool can write code.
Damp air can do a number on all varieties of uniforms.
Damp air is heated, then infused with aromatics at five-minute intervals.
Damp areas cause metal or paper containers to deteriorate.
Damp basements promote the growth of unhealthy mold, mildew, fungus and musty odors.
Damp books are more susceptible to mold than wet ones.
Damp books are more susceptible to mold than wet volumes.
Damp books are susceptible to mold.
Some damp cloth is covered by cloth.
Some damp cloth is covered by dry cloth.
Damp cold is the most likely to precipitate an attack.
Damp conditions encourage growth.
Damp conditions following a flood or leak are perfect for mold spores to bloom.
Damp conditions lower the resistance of bees and encourages chalk brood.
Most damp conditions encourage growth.
Damp days mean soft greens, which often mean bolder approach shots, shorter putts and more birdies.
Damp feed seems to be more toxic.
Damp firewood held over several seasons outdoors usually becomes darkened and moldy.
Damp grain is more likely to spoil, form clumps and become difficult to unload than dry grain.
Damp grass invites diseases.
Damp hair holds better.
Damp hands help bacteria grow.
Damp heat explains many urogenital infections.
Damp heat is an energetic condition of the body that is just what it sounds like.
Damp houses are bad.
Damp houses have more dust mites and more mould which can also trigger asthma.
Damp housing increases the risk for asthma.
Damp ingredients are easier to mix and pot.
Damp joints begin to foam within minutes.
Damp leather absorbs oil more readily by drawing it into the pores as the water evaporates.
Damp leather soaks in dirt and oil like there's no tomorrow.
Damp leaves are the perfect locale for fungus.
Damp litter is more of a problem for ducklings than for chicks.
Damp litter tends to increase the incidence of disease.
Damp location fitter for damp locations.
Damp mail is a thing of the past, as an extra layer of protection keeps the elements out.
Damp matches can be a problem.
Some damp materials cause infection.
Damp paper folds like cloth.
Damp paper is forced into the inked lines with a press and picks up the image.
Damp patches appear lower down on the wall.
Damp pipes pose no problem.
Damp potholders produce steam, which is hotter than boiling water.
Damp sites permit wine, beer, and mead, but no hard liquor.
Damp soil permits seedlings to be pulled without disturbing roots of other plants.
Damp sponges are an excellent breeding ground for bacteria.
Damp spots show on walls and floor.
Damp straw can become moldy, and neglected hay can get stuck in the horse's feet and cause illness.
Damp towels can harbor yeast.
Some damp towels attract silverfishs.
Damp weather can further exacerbate the matter by causing fungus to grow and rot the grapes.
Damp weather is a signal for fire ant activity.
Damp weather is very hard on the sciences.
Damp wheat is dangerous to store.
Damp wood causes creosote to build up, which can result in a chimney fire.
A damp is a condition
Some damp is caused by condensation.
Dampened paper is notoriously difficult to handle and easy to tear.
Dampened paper is placed over it and pressed with a roller.
Dampened paper is pressed into the lines, picking up the ink.
A damper is a plate
Damper closes during off cycles to prohibit cold air entry and warm air loss.
Damper is a bread made without any yeast.
Damper is a traditional Australian soda bread prepared by swagmen , drovers and other travellers.
Damper is a traditional soda bread that was baked by drovers and stockmen.
Damper is also on maximum adjustment still very sensitive.
Dampers are an important element for regulating oven temperatures.
Dampers are devices.
Dampers are food.
Dampers are ineffective because they just deaden the sound without stopping it, making it unmusical.
Dampers are part of chimneys.
Dampers are plates.
Dampers are restraint.
Dampers are the flaps, operated from the cab, which regulate the flow of air through the ashpan.
Dampers can warp or become damaged with usage, or, in some cases, be lacking.
Dampers cause acoustic resistance to the sound passing from a hearing aid.
Dampers come in a variety of designs.
Dampers keep other areas from overheating or overcooling.
Dampers restrict relative movement between building sections.
Dampers soak up the energy of earthquake-induced motion, thereby limiting structural damage.
Dampers subdue vibrations in large panels such as the floor pan.
All dampers are dyno performance tested.
Dampness prevention is the responsibility of the owner.
Dampness blows up out of the steep gully behind the church.
Dampness brings disease.
Dampness condenses on the walls.
Dampness encourages mold and slows the drying process.
Dampness increases shock hazard.
Dampness infuses downward to affect the lower body manifesting as swelling and edema.
Dampness is a condition
Dampness is located in cellars.
Dampness slows drying and can lead to mold.
Dampness tends to heighten toxicity.
Any dampness increases toxic production.
Damsel fish are also very inexpensive.
Damsel fish are common in both tropical and warm temperate waters.
A damsel is a maiden
Damsels are maids.
Damsels are very colorful and are very hardy in captivity.
Most damsels are aggressive.
Some damsels live in a comensal relationship with anemones as do the clownfish.
Damselfishes provide some interesting examples of the effects of grazing on reefs.
A damselfly is an odonate
Damselflies also feed on a variety of other small insects.
Damselflies appear almost delicate because their abdomens are so long and thin.
Damselflies are are smaller than Dragonflies, but they can just as colorful.
Damselflies are beneficial insects.
Damselflies are carnivores.
Damselflies are effective predators both as naiads and as adults.
Damselflies are familiar insects found around streams.
Damselflies are generally weak fliers, frequenting bankside vegetation.
Damselflies are insects.
Damselflies are more acrobatic and they fold their wings together when resting.
Damselflies are odonates.
Damselflies are one of the largest and most colorful groups of native Hawaiian insects.
Damselflies are slender-bodied dragonflies with relatively weak powers of flight.
Damselflies are slimmer, often smaller, and usually fly more slowly than dragonflies.
Damselflies are smaller and slender compared to dragonflies.
Damselflies follow much the same pattern, but spend more time perching.
Damselflies have a body made like the narrowest of twigs, whereas dragonflies have a bit of heft.
Damselflies have great big eyes, tremendously powerful wings, and fancy svelte bodies.
Damselflies swim by undulating their bodies.
Damselflies usually land to mate.
Most damselflies fold their wings in an upward and backward position.
Damsite evaluations take place in a number of ways.
A damson is a plum
Damsons are blue-black fruit which look like a small plum.
Damsons are plants.
Damsons are plums.
Damsons are small, have a tart flavor and are used mainly for processing.
Damsons ripen a little later than most plums.
A danaid is a butterfly
Danaids conspire to murder their husbands on their wedding night.
Danatec clients have an advantage.
A dance band is a musical group
Dance bands play early jazz instrumentals and vocals.
Dance camp can be pretty relaxed in terms of attire.
Dance camp features classes in ballet, tap and jazz.
Dance camp is great for beginner, intermediate and advanced dancers alike.
Dance camps are a great way to go.
Dance club has a dress code and gives dance lessons.
Dance clubs are facilities.
Dance clubs are for the young, dating services for the old.
Dance clubs are fun.
Dance clubs are located in cities.
Dance clubs are nightclubs.
Dance clubs are open all nights of the week.
Dance clubs are used for dances.
Dance clubs are used for dancing.
Dance clubs are used for dating.
Dance companies are like families, the film emphasizes.
Dance companies provide a full range of venues and productions suitable for all tastes.
Dance competitions offer a great avenue to learn more very quickly.
Most dance competitions feature amateur or professional showcases toward the end of the evening.
Dance composition is also an integral part of the course.
Dance composition is emphasized in choreography projects, and basic costuming is included.
Dance composition is interspersed in all classes.
Dance contest begins with prizes to the winner.
Dance contests allow dancers to show off their skills.
Dance contests are sure to be a great part of the evening highlights.
Dance craze starts.
Dance director has figure skating winners .
Dance films are way cool.
A dance floor is a floor
Dance floor gets packed.
Dance floor gets to crowded that it is hard to Salsa.
Dance floor is available.
Dance floor is concrete, slippery and sticky from spilled drinks, and with broken glass.
Dance floor is excellent.
Dance floor is like the sea, Ceiling is the sky.
Dance floor is real crowded now.
Dance floor is small, but club has a cool design.
Dance floor showcases great two-steppers.
Dance floors are floors.
Dance floors await with live music and dazzling lights.
Dance flies are also of interest because of their courtship.
Dance forms take centuries to develop and reflect the customs of the society.
All dance forms follow the same hand movements, with variation creeping in due to local demands.
Dance group teaches and provides live music.
A dance hall is a room
Dance hall is in same one-story pink building set back from road.
Dance hall overlooks beautiful lagoon.
Dance history is summarized and exemplary performing artists are introduced.
Dance house includes teaching circles, no experience necessary.
Dance improvisation is common in all forms.
Dance instructors agree, the art of dance is healthy exercise for the young and the young at heart.
Dance instructors bios.
Dance lessons are lessons.
Dance marathon is the ultimate test of one's endurance.
Most dance moves start from the basics.
Dance music can be anytime other than stroking, as a Pro request.
Dance music can be so much more.
Dance music grinds up trend-setters like no other field.
Dance music has a moderate tempo, is usually symmetric and without large interval jumps.
Dance music is a specialty.
Dance music is always difficult to capture on a recording unless it is a live performance.
Dance music is as multilayered as any other scene.
Dance music is created using samplers and computer sequencers.
Dance music is dance music.
Dance music is different from concert music.
Dance music is extremely popular at the moment.
Dance music is extremely predictable.
Dance music is fun again.
Dance music is huge in Singapore.
Dance music is much more young and fresh.
Dance music is music
Dance music is music.
Dance music is naturally more articulated than pensive adagios or unmeasured preludes.
Dance music is played and soft drinks and juices are provided.
Dance music is provided by a four-piece dance band.
Dance music is so eclectic.
Dance music is something that people dance to.
Dance music is supposed to come on when people are dancing, drinking and living it up.
Dance music is the future - enjoy.
Dance music is to be studied in seven regions in the whole Anatolia.
Dance music needs support.
Dance music represents an atmosphere where everyone is equal.
Dance music seems to have moved on so much.
Dance notation is included to the dance learning process.
Dance numbers are hype and current.
Dance numbers are unbearable.
Dance numbers dazzle.
Dance organizations are also active in community events.
Dance parties require an additional form.
Dance party features world beat, pop, disco, rock, and techno music.
Every dance party has at least one Bitter Outcast.
Dance performance provides students an opportunity to cultivate presence.
Dance performances are also an opportunity to view history through dance.
Dance performances lead the way to some of the most progressive mixtures of medium.
Dance positions are available for spirited male and female dancers.
Dance research needs resources It is research done with fairly soft methods.
A dance school is a school
Dance schools are every where, and they come in all sizes.
Most dance schools offer adult ballet for beginners.
Dance scores function for dance in the same way music scores function for music.
Dance sessions are limited to dance only.
Dance sessions follow the ritual.
Dance shoes are light-weight and comfortable.
Dance shoes are optional.
Dance studios are rooms.
Dance studios do it, but so do city sports leagues.
Dance studios say there's been more demand for hustle classes in the last few years.
Dance studios use video tapes to teach instructors.
Dance style is artistic style.
Dance styles range from ballroom and tap to jitterbug-swing.
Dance styles vary from area to area.
Dance styles vary from club to club and theme to theme.
Dance technique develops the body as instrument, integrates it with mind and sprit.
Dance technique works floorcraft, musicality, texture, and emotion into the overall performance.
Dance therapists work with both individuals and groups, including entire family units.
Dance therapy can improve the coordination of little-used muscles.
Dance therapy is based on the belief that the mind and body work in unison.
Dance therapy is more effective than previously reported.
Dance therapy is psychotherapy.
Dance therapy treats emotional problems with dance.
Dance therapy uses creative dance to unlock tension and relieve the effect of stress on the body.
Dance therapy uses dance and movement to unlock blocked or repressed memories.
Dance troupe is pleased to study with guest choreographers.
Dance troupes perform classical, modern, and ethnic dances.
Dance tunes are mixed with sweet ballads.
A dance is art
Dance acts like a pyschologist and a psychiatrist.
Dance also enables students to better understand themselves and the world in which they live.
Dance also reflects class and gender classifications in society.
Dance also writes about art and builds model boats.
Dance appears on the following albums.
Dance attracts national and international guest artists.
Dance awakens consciousness of beauty, lending new meaning to movement and form.
Dance becomes prayer.
Dance becomes the metaphor for resistance to violence, the triumph of the human spirit.
Dance begins again.
Dance begins on vocals.
Dance better be ready to dance.
Dance bridges the personal, community and spirit worlds.
Dance builds rhythm and motor skills.
Dance can also be therapeutic.
Dance can also mean a certain set of steps and motions, usually made in time to music.
Dance can be a prayer.
Dance can be a wonderful way for children to learn how their body moves.
Dance can be art, discipline, spiritual exercise or just fun.
Dance can be art, ritual, or recreation.
Dance can be art.
Dance can be part of everyone s life.
Dance can be the application part of learning.
Dance can happen anywhere.
Dance can make one stand out as an individual or strengthen the bonding of individuals to a group.
Dance can reflect issues of gender, or signify tradition that echoes through generations.
Dance celebrates the wholeness of the individual.
Dance combines fun and exercise.
Dance Come on down and check out our Swing Dance sesson.
Dance comes through sight.
Dance continues to mirror the sexual barometer of the times.
Dance create dance compositions that incorporate ideas and images related to popular culture.
Dance demands more flexibility than work-related activities.
Dance demonstrates the benefits of healthful living.
Dance develops distinct ways of seeing, thinking, discovering, and communicating ideas and feelings.
Dance develops strength, coordination and flexibility.
Dance does have, however, an ever-growing presence on the net.
Dance does onto the promise how enter mohawk carpets.
Dance embraces movement, creation, and performance and demands our personal best.
Dance emerges between bodies.
Dance enables a broadening of cultural and historical perspective.
Dance energizes the whole body.
Dance engages the breath and the muscles.
Dance enlists the use of nearly every bone and muscle in the body.
Dance enriches the self and broadens the mind and body connection.
Dance exists as an integral part of each student's complete education in the liberal arts.
Dance exists just as mathematics or physics exist.
Dance exists today as valid expressions of a people.
Dance Feel the freedom of motion and pure physical self-expression.
Dance forms an important channel for individual expression while strengthening the community.
Dance Get out there and shake it all about.
Dance gives full blood circulation and keeps the senses in control.
Dance goes far beyond the memory of the oldest of our peoples.
Dance has a voice that is universal.
Dance has an extraordinary way in assisting the development of people's personalities.
Dance has for one stocking likewise tremble taylor made firesole irons.
Dance has lifts and dips and unexpected turns just as real life does.
Dance has lifts and dips and unexpected turns, just as real life does.
Dance has no place in liturgical context.
Dance has no such tradition or intrinsic connection to the essence of the Mass.
Dance has the power to energize, transform, and create community.
Dance helps clients explore and express themselves physically, and grow in self-acceptance.
Dance helps people connect with one another and exists in all cultures and places.
Dance helps to increase flexibility, improve circulation, tone the body, and develop muscles.
Dance improves muscle tone, flexibility, strength, stamina and sharpens the mind and Co-ordination.
Dance involves a unity of purpose and activity.
Dance involves visualization of complex patterns in space and time to create a unified whole.
Dance is a big part of it.
Dance is a concept.
Dance is a discipline.
Dance is a dynamic tool for awakening and stirring up the subtle forces and energies of life.
Dance is a finely developed art.
Dance is a form of art, where the body is used as a medium of communication.
Dance is a form of communication.
Dance is a global activity that comes in many different forms.
Dance is a good way to get out and be active.
Dance is a great way to exercise alone, or in a social setting.
Dance is a healing art.
Dance is a highly competitive, high-pressure and physically demanding profession.
Dance is a human movement that is particularly rich in variety and beauty.
Dance is a language and a means of interaction with our times.
Dance is a language of a people spoken with the body.
Dance is a language of movement, rhythm, pattern, and imagination.
Dance is a language of movement.
Dance is a language that reunites the body, mind, and soul.
Dance is a magical art which can dazzle, enchant and awe the audience.
Dance is a marvelous from of social interaction.
Dance is a multi-media art form, but human movement remains central.
Dance is a natural companion to majors in theatre, music, art, and kinesiology.
Dance is a natural fit here in the theatre arts department.
Dance is a part of Balinese life.
Dance is a part of every culture, and people have been dancing since the beginning of time.
Dance is a part of many daily functions from celebrating good weather to fending off bad luck.
Dance is a perfect forum for creative and participatory learning.
Dance is a perfect topic for exploring racial, cultural and ethnic themes.
Dance is a performance art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement .
Dance is a performance art form.
Dance is a performance art.
Dance is a performing art.
Dance is a personal religion.
Dance is a physical and mental discipline.
Dance is a powerful, passionate, and 'prophetic' form of communication.
Dance is a primary modality in religious ceremony.
Dance is a question.
Dance is a sacred movement of the various limbs with deep divine feeling.
Dance is a science - it is an applied art.
Dance is a series of movements, which flow from emotion.
Dance is a sort of silent rhetoric.
Dance is a spiritual and spellbinding thing.
Dance is a strange discipline.
Dance is a symbol of the diverse cultures that have coupled in Panama.
Dance is a time honored transfer of information.
Dance is a total change of pace.
Dance is a universal language that can transcend political, cultural, and language differences.
Dance is a universal language that everyone can relate to.
Dance is a universal language.
Dance is a universal way to show pictures.
Dance is a viable field of study as a major or minor.
Dance is a way for people to understand themselves.
Dance is a way of freeing thoughts.
Dance is a way to feel what it is to be human and alive.
Dance is a wonderful activity for all ages.
Dance is a wonderful art form.
Dance is a wonderful break from texts and computer problems.
Dance is a wonderful start.
Dance is a wonderful way for children to show self-expression.
Dance is about music and movement coming together and the joy of it.
Dance is about never-ending aspiration.
Dance is about responding to ones passion.
Dance is above average.
Dance is almost universal.
Dance is also a means of communicating feelings between people and of showing respect for nature.
Dance is also a medium that is ripe for raising questions about embodiment.
Dance is also a part of the game the networks omit.
Dance is also a type of nonverbal communication.
Dance is also an excellent form of discipline for the mind.
Dance is also an important aspect of cultural life within the region.
Dance is also one of the four strands of the arts education curriculum.
Dance is always an important part of French baroque opera.
Dance is an action verb.
Dance is an agent for global communication and understanding.
Dance is an art form expressed and communicated through human movement.
Dance is an art form expressed and communicated through movement.
Dance is an art form in Yap.
Dance is an art form that uses the body.
Dance is an art that reaches out in many different forms.
Dance is an art.
Dance is an emotional response driven by the music that is felt more than heard.
Dance is an expression of everyday life for women in North Africa and the Middle East.
Dance is an important aspect in Indian life.
Dance is an important component of the cultural life of every society.
Dance is an important part of the curriculum.
Dance is an individual expression.
Dance is an integral part of their life, daily and annual, historical and contemporary.
Dance is another beautiful artistic expression of the Mexican people.
Dance is another excellent way.
Dance is another form of entering into religious ecstasy, or trance.
Dance is another very popular art form.
Dance is as old as human history.
Dance is as safe as phone sex, better than binge drinking.
Dance is available as a major, minor or equal subject.
Dance is awesome.
Dance is beneficial to the mind and body.
Dance is bland, hawk-eyed and conveys zero erotic charge.
Dance is central to Latin American social life and culture.
Dance is clearly an extremely powerful force in human experience.
Dance is common to all cultures.
Dance is democratic and non-discriminatory.
Dance is divine, divine.
Dance is done in a circle.
Dance is dutch treat.
Dance is easy, life is hard.
Dance is energetic reaffirming life.
Dance is ephemeral, to be experienced in the moment.
Dance is ethereal.
Dance is everywhere.
Dance is exceptionally popular and the whole culture is enormously influential.
Dance is explored in physical education classes and drama is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Dance is expressive movement that has the power to enrich lives.
Dance is for everybody.
Dance is free to families who register for conference.
Dance is free.
Dance is fun.
Dance is good for the mind, body and spirit.
Dance is good music for driving on fast roads.
Dance is good when done judiciously, for example movement using sign language for the deaf.
Dance is good.
Dance is Hawai'ian liturgy and alchemy.
Dance is included for girls.
Dance is infectious, and there is no time limit on it.
Dance is involved in almost all events and commemorations, whether national or regional.
Dance is just a wonderful challenge.
Dance is just an extension of life.
Dance is just itself, fancy people prancing around, people enjoying themselves.
Dance is Life, the rest is just rehearsal.
Dance is like producing software.
Dance is loved in Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Dance is magical.
Dance is more eclectic, more catholic, and consequently often more vital than ever.
Dance is more than the rhythmic movement of one s feet and body it is also a form of expression.
Dance is movement poetry, which the audience receives visually and feels in their body.
Dance is movement with motivation, a dynamic expression of the spirit.
Dance is movement, of the body or the face.
Dance is much more than the highest arabesque or the biggest jete.
Dance is no different.
Dance is no exception.
Dance is nothing but the expression of the mind through body movements.
Dance is nothing more than moving to music.
Dance is offered as a minor and is a natural companion to majors in theatre, music, and art.
Dance is offered as a physical education option.
Dance is offered as part of the physical education program.
Dance is offered in disciplines as diverse as middle-eastern dance to classical ballet.
Dance is often a body contact activity.
Dance is often at the heart of historic and modern healing ceremonies in many areas of the world.
Dance is on the second floor.
Dance is one art form that is still thriving in America.
Dance is one of the greatest joys in life.
Dance is one of the most significant forms of human expression.
Dance is one of the skating disciplines where age is no barrier.
Dance is one of the worst areas.
Dance is open to every human being and can be rewarding on any level.
Dance is part of the national character.
Dance is particularly good for simulations of conjunctions, alignments, and eclipses.
Dance is pattern-making.
Dance is permitted if it occurs in the text of a non-musical play.
Dance is personal but also greatly bound by society.
Dance is poetry , it is economy of motion, it is the greatest return for the least effort.
Dance is ready to rock.
Dance is represented with some sixty thousand photographs and files on choreographers and dancers.
Dance is shown as an alternative to dangerous fads, a far healthier choice.
Dance is simply disciplined movement, shaped by rhythm and aspiring to beauty.
Dance is so effortless here in the mountains.
Dance is still a cultural resource in the Appalachian Region.
Dance is still strong in Fiji and the narrative meke performances rest on strong oral traditions.
Dance is still the shortest route linking one individual to another.
Dance is studied as a major performing art and an audition is required.
Dance is studies as an aspect of cultural history and in relation to the other arts.
Dance is such a cruel discipline, even with the modern enhancements.
Dance is superb.
Dance is synonymous with the prayer, a demonstration of reverence.
Dance is taught for movement, cultural tradition and a steady beat.
Dance is the art that most closely approximates it.
Dance is the best preparation for life.
Dance is the common element of every Native American culture.
Dance is the elimination of thought between music and motion.
Dance is the expression and communication of feeling.
Dance is the expression of energy from a pure source.
Dance is the game.
Dance is the heartbeat.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul.
Dance is the human mating ritual.
Dance is the language of the soul spoken through movement.
Dance is the most enjoyable way to develop flexibility, strength, balance, and grace.
Dance is the most important language the people know.
Dance is the most natural form of art.
Dance is the most recent and equally consuming chapter.
Dance is the oldest of the performing arts.
Dance is the one thing that combines sports, music, art and drama.
Dance is the only art form where the artist is also the medium of expression.
Dance is the physicalization of ideas, emotions, and the spirit.
Dance is the smallest field in the performing arts.
Dance is the symmetry of elegance in strength, control in passion, and precision in motion.
Dance is the visual representation of music, the body's response to musical performance.
Dance is thought made visible.
Dance is truly a total body experience.
Dance is truly sacred.
Dance is upstairs.
Dance is used to entertain or to involve and it is basically expression in the form of movement.
Dance is very demanding of video streaming technology.
Dance is very important, it's a vital art form.
Dance isa art.
Dance Let's see.
Dance likewise has exciting moments of stillness.
Dance link The dance music search engine.
Dance links the body, intellect and emotions.
Dance makes a big return to Southwest Florida.
Dance makes poetry feel like a fuddy-duddy, and poetry makes dance feel like a ditz.
Dance marks important rituals in almost everyone's life.
Dance moves that form the basics of Lindy Hop.
Dance needs champions, proponents, interpreters, chroniclers.
Dance needs more attention.
Dance needs the timely coverage and the multiplicity of voices.
Dance needs to be related to the other arts and to the total educational program.
Dance Now is amazing value for a quality magazine.
Dance offers magic to the music.
Dance offers many opportunities for students to become actively engaged in learning.
Dance offers the opportunity of expressing oneself without the use of words.
Dance points out that.
Dance predates all physical activities other than walking, running and climbing.
Dance produces till a archery arrows.
Dance promotes a recognition and appreciation of self and others.
Dance promotes active involvement by all in the church.
Dance provides a colorful and unique lens through which to understand history.
Dance provides insight into how the human body moves.
Dance reflects our human desire to shape feelings, ideas, and images with an artistic sensibility.
Dance represents different elements according to the saint involved.
Dance represents the symbolic of the movement of the universe.
Dance requires consistent, structured practice to refine techniques.
Dance requires movement with speed and control, and improves balance in the process.
Dance requires the coordinated use of both mind and body.
Dance rhymes with France and pants .
Dance routines to music with added calisthenics to increase intensity.
Dance runs with most behaviour or pardon learn to play black-jack.
Dance See above.
Dance seem dance everything near it mixes.
Dance seem throughout little permit for beat audio video interiors.
Dance settle between that paint but sawed racquetball court equipment.
Dance show with dancers from a forr dance academy.
Dance simply becomes one of numerous responses and arts that express the joy of that nearness.
Dance starts with steps the same for gentleman and lady.
Dance starts with steps the same for the gentleman and lady.
Dance stresses proper body alignment, balance, and flexibility.
Dance struggles the most.
Dance takes place in space.
Dance teaches self-discipline and esteem while exploring the imagination through motion.
Dance teaches self-discipline, respect, dedication and determination.
Dance tells the story without words of how things came to be and tells the story of our humanity.
Dance then starts again with everyone having a new partner.
Dance viewing opportunities are equally extensive.
Dance wear all ages.
Dances  fitnesses.
Dances  smiling.
Dances  spins.
Dances  sprained ankles.
Dances  trips.
Dances are a celebration of life, a celebration of The People.
Dances are a form of traditional amusement and recreation in the old days.
Dances are a way to pass on knowledge and to communicate with the universe.
Dances are aerobic exercises.
Dances are aerobics.
Dances are albums.
Dances are also easier to remember if what comes next flows logically.
Dances are among the sports.
Dances are an integral part of musical performances in Southwest Louisiana.
Dances are art.
Dances are artwork.
Dances are as common as going for a walk.
Dances are created by choreographers.
Dances are created by movement.
Dances are easy enough for everyone.
Dances are every month.
Dances are fine.
Dances are for registered campers only.
Dances are free for Swing Kids members.
Dances are Free.
Dances are fun and easy.
Dances are generally a mix of old time squares, contras, circle dances and waltzes.
Dances are good medicine for everyone.
Dances are held at a variety of Tampa Bay are locations.
Dances are held regularly, instruction is available.
Dances are in list by name.
Dances are in the cafeteria.
Dances are more challenging later in the evening.
Dances are motivated by the goal of dancers.
Dances are motivated by the goal of fun.
Dances are motivated by the goal of honor.
Dances are motivated by the goal of romance.
Dances are often impromptu affairs and can prove an exciting surprise to the unsuspecting visitor.
Dances are old time squares and contras.
Dances are once a month.
Dances are open to middle school students only.
Dances are open to singles and couples.
Dances are parties.
Dances are performance.
Dances are second, fourth and fifth Fridays of each month.
Dances are singles.
Dances are socials.
Dances are spiritual in nature.
Dances are sports.
Dances are still pretty cool in our home town.
Dances are tipicall soleman and bourgeois.
Dances are to live big band music, and are open to guests, with or without partners.
Dances are to recorded music and light refreshments are provided.
Dances are well worth the price.
Dances can be ballet or folk.
Dances can be risky but sometimes work.
Dances can only be for two hours.
Dances concentrate on style, technique, formations and use of props.
Dances demonstrate the different social roles of men and women.
Dances end with bows.
Dances end with stops.
Dances end with stretchs.
Dances feature in initiation rites, and allow privileged moments in the lives of Gabonese people.
Dances feature live music by Finally Tuned.
Dances feature live music with fiddles and other traditional instruments.
Dances generally have a characteristic tempo and rhythmic pattern.
Dances have (part) sections.
Dances have hearing-enhancement and an open kitchen.
Dances involve movement.
Dances involving only men are rare.
Dances Learn what dances where popular in the past three centuries.
Dances mostly involve couples, singly or in groups of two, three, four, or more.
Dances occur on a range of occasions, both religious and secular.
Dances occur on a regular basis.
Dances offer an opportunity for students to socialize with friends and have fun.
Dances originate in Quebec or New Brunswick.
Dances provide a good opportunity for a social get-together.
Dances range from old favourites through to the latest dances out there on the circuit.
Dances refer to presenting organizations or persons, rather than compositions.
Dances represent older folk dances from regions in Greece, Turkey, and the Greek Islands.
Dances require the review for security and or policing needed for the event.
Dances selected are often available on dance programs in the local area.
Dances shown in bold type inside a grey box have a booked caller and live music.
Dances start in two long lines, usually everyone facing their partner.
Dances still exist today as valid expressions of a people.
Dances take place on special holidays.
Dances take place to celebrate the victory.
Dances tend to suck the money from the already empty pockets of teenagers.
Dances typically last the length of one song.
Dances use elements such as space, time, the body's weight, and energy to achieve their purposes.
Dances vary in tempo from lively jigs and reels to slower, more majestic strathspeys.
Dance always reflects life.
Dance always tells or communicates something.
Dances often depict the Hawaiian legends, the exploits of past royalty, and the beauty of nature.
Dances usually begin mid-morning and continue until sunset with an afternoon break.
All dance is barefooted.
All dance jams all the time.
All dance starts with some mutuality of movement.
All dances are at plus level with a round between tips.
All dances are authentic, but are staged as theatrical pieces.
All dances are dress up occasions.
All dances are drug and alcohol free.
All dances are easy to do.
All dances are folk songs from different parts of the world.
All dances are general admission.
All dances are in hall unless otherwise indicated.
All dances are mainstream.
All dances are open to the public and admission is collected at the door.
All dances are open to the public and all ages are welcome.
All dances are open to the public.
All dances are open.
All dances are Plus level unless otherwise noted.
All dances are PLUS unless otherwise indicated.
All dances are taught, people are friendly and beginners are always welcome.
All dances have live music.
All dances have music provided by a DJ and there is a cash bar available.
All dances known are in the list box on the left.
Every dance has live music and a caller who teaches each dance sequence.
Every dance has music, some food - maybe a cake, lights.
Every dance has new dancers who are winging it.
Every dance has the same name as the song.
Every dance is a protest against our oppressors.
Every dance is and gives ecstasy.
Every dance is done to live music .
Every dance is explained first.
Every dance is performed for some spiritual purpose.
Every dance is taught and walked through beforehand.
Every dance reflects a portion of the Jewish drama.
Every dance tells a story.
Every dance uses the swing in some way.
Many dances are inappropriate in various circumstances.
Most dances also provide refreshments.
Most dances are circle dances, start with the right foot and move counter-clockwise.
Most dances are club-organized, so clubs are responsible for being licensed.
Most dances are for people who are falling in love.
Most dances are from Eastern and Western Europe, the Balkan countries, and the Middle East.
Most dances are in the summer months.
Most dances are Plus level with rounds, hash tips, and advanced tips.
Most dances are simple enough, consisting of a sequence of set movements.
Most dances end in a bout of head-shaking.
Most dances have a very fast rhythm .
Most dances have a very fast rhythm.
Most dances involve movement.
Most dances lead to the right.
Most dances run three hours, including the break.
Most dances use only walking movements based on commonly used square dance terminology.
Some dances are for pairs in a square, some for a group.
Some dances are formal, some are funky, but most are a nice mix.
Some dances are just for soloists to dance themselves as an act of meditation.
Some dances are open to only certain groups, and at times all are required to stand.
Some dances are primarily about that.
Some dances are sacred, and are never to be photographed.
Some dances are sacred, so ask the announcer before photographing the dance.
Some dances are universal, and known by many.
Some dances consist of symbolic gestures that tell a story completely through movement.
Some dances devised by our members and visitors are available here.
Some dances engage the belly, some the heart, some both.
Some dances flow.
Some dances require that all dancers wear clean soft soled shoes.
Some dances take places.
Some dances use a half draw poussette to progress.
Some dances use a half pousette to progress.
A dancer is a performer
Dancer adores people and gets along well with cats.
Dancer arrives, bringing woven basket or chest with lock.
Dancer collapses instantly, completely limp.
Dancer counts along with the band.
Dancer determines to keep moving as the speed changes .
Dancer is simply the greatest advertising bargain in the dance business today.
Dancer is the graceful one of the bunch and presents a beautiful sight overhead on clear nights.
Dancer is very correct and what terrific coloring.
Dancer isa performer.
Dancer now knows how to count and when to move, but let's look at how to move .
Dancer outfits for women and men are also available with information on the tribe and the dress.
Dancer remains slumped beside path, unmoving.
Dancer takes on the guys in juvenile detention and they go for it.
Dancers accuse one another of stealing their desires.
Dancers add their own style and taste to their outfits.
Dancers advance and pass left shoulders.
Dancers advance and pass right shoulders.
Dancers age better than rock stars.
Dancers also recommend wearing loose-fitting clothes and comfortable shoes.
Dancers also study singing for musical theatre and take one year of private lessons.
Dancers also use a variety of other footwear including character boots and shoes.
Dancers also welcome.
Dancers also work with choreographers to make up their individual dance routines.
Dancers alternate lead roles.
Dancers are a great addition to parties to create atmosphere and to energize and motivate guests.
Dancers are a serious as a committed surgeon who knows that an operation can save someone's life.
Dancers are a stubborn, headstrong lot.
Dancers are a very special type of people.
Dancers are able to concentrate more on how they are executing figures and dancing as one person.
Dancers are able to perform directly down stage of the backdrop without casting unwanted shadows.
Dancers are also welcome to attend as a substantial piece is available for choreography.
Dancers are also welcome to picnic in the church hall.
Dancers are an amazing set of people.
Dancers are artists who use their bodies like athletes.
Dancers are athletes.
Dancers are attractive, generally smooth and beefy, young and white, they work hard for their tips.
Dancers are available as well.
Dancers are behind glass, with no customer contact.
Dancers are capable of dances.
Dancers are contrary or opposite each other.
Dancers are cute, and the beers are cold.
Dancers are different than actors.
Dancers are especially welcome.
Dancers are excellent at math.
Dancers are free to enter the circle, but have to abide by the rules.
Dancers are happy, relaxed and enjoy the music and dance as they enjoy each other's company.
Dancers are instruments, like a piano the choreographer plays.
Dancers are located in ballet.
Dancers are located in carnivals.
Dancers are of all ages and most of our members are working people, except for a few retirees.
Dancers are often very flamboyant, with large, earthy movements.
Dancers are part soldier, part gladiator, part matador.
Dancers are people.
Dancers are performers.
Dancers are really special people.
Dancers are sensitive people.
Dancers are skilled in classical ballet, modern and tap dance.
Dancers are smarter than all that.
Dancers are the most playful, charming, and very touchy-feely people.
Dancers are unaccountably nervous about acknowledging their history, let alone performing it.
Dancers are unknown.
Dancers are very particular about music.
Dancers are welcome to share moves with the group at the break.
Dancers are welcome, but singing is the primary focus of the group.
Dancers are welcome.
Dancers are, in fact, closet athletes.
Dancers attempt to regulate their relationship with food in many ways.
Dancers balance on, or clomp around, the stage in oversized shoe boxes.
Dancers begin the dance holding hands.
Dancers begin work in study of Baroque dance terms.
Dancers brazenly force their way in.
Dancers break out of the swing.
Dancers breathe deeply and move across the floor together in progressions.
Dancers bring incense, and later, altar cloth to the altar.
Dancers bring their favorite dance tunes and dance the afternoon away.
Dancers can audition for dancing companies.
Dancers can be 'at risk' for many reasons.
Dancers can be the bitchiest people in the world.
Dancers can combine drag-slide and flatfoot clogging only.
Dancers can combine drag-slide clogging with buck dancing.
Dancers can come with or without a partner.
Dancers can either collect sponsors before the event or just turn up and make a donation on the day.
Dancers can go through one pair of pointe shoes each performance.
Dancers can progress through the difficulty levels listed below.
Dancers can skirt the law by donning a bikini.
Dancers change position in relation to the line of dance.
Dancers come after class and dance in the back.
Dancers come and go in the twinkling of an eye but the dance lives on.
Dancers come and go in the twinkling of an eye, but the dance lives on.
Dancers come and go, appear and disappear.
Dancers come and go, but the drums continue.
Dancers come from many parts of England and the tickets are all taken months ahead of the event.
Dancers come in all ages, abilities, sizes, and backgrounds.
Dancers come into the studio, stretch to warm up, and then initiate movement when they feel like.
Dancers come on in the evening with much louder music.
Dancers compete both as individuals and representatives of their step-dancing school's team.
Dancers congregate in troupes, several of which are notable for attracting endless publicity.
Dancers consistently make mistakes and are sometimes out of step with each other.
Dancers consume calories.
Dancers consume enough calories.
Dancers continue to dance.
Dancers continue to take lessons throughout their career.
Dancers create shapes with their bodies, their costumes, and their paraphernalia.
Dancers cross the globe to perform.
Dancers dance for the love of it, but the performing life is intense, insecure and short .
Dancers dancing beautifully can always be a turn-on.
Dancers develop self-esteem and confidence while having a great time.
Dancers didn t find their own actions offensive or disgusting.
Dancers do it in leaps and bounds.
Dancers do it on the floor.
Dancers do it to music.
Dancers do it with rhythm.
Dancers Do It.
Dancers do tend to get tendonitis.
Dancers do the same thing.
Dancers do, of course, eventually forget steps.
Dancers don t have a reputation for being particularly healthy.
Dancers dress up in hideous masks to frighten away the evil spirits for the coming year.
Dancers dressed in period costumes, demonstrate the pavan, galliard, saltarella, canarie, and volta.
Dancers encourage one another and give positive feedback to one another.
Dancers end facing each other, each in the other s starting position.
Dancers end facing each other, each in the other's starting position. . .
Dancers end facing each other, each in the other's starting position.
Dancers end in original places.
Dancers end side by side with each other.
Dancers end side by side, both facing out.
Dancers end side by side.
Dancers engage students in a conversation about one of the elements of dance.
Dancers enjoy supporting themselves on the money they earn.
Dancers enjoy their driving tunes, solid rhythms, and variety of tunes.
Dancers enter from right back corner of room.
Dancers enter the scene walking like robots.
Dancers entertain the crowd with an impressive dance routine.
Dancers explain life in the company and administrative personnel explain their work.
Dancers extend arms.
Dancers face each other in a basic ballroom hold.
Dancers face one another in opposing lines.
Dancers face their corner and turn by the left forearm.
Dancers face their corners and turn by the left forearm.
Dancers fall backwards, without looking, into each others' arms.
Dancers feel the floor to be very soft.
Dancers fly across the furniture, cajole and fight each other for the best chair.
Dancers fly through the air, interacting with fantastic sets with imaginative results.
Dancers follow each other in a single line, moving in and out in a snake like manner.
Dancers gather in the wings, five minutes to go.
Dancers get hot and their makeup can run.
Dancers get pledges from family and friends.
Dancers go in dribs and drabs and others waddle in from time to time.
Dancers go into training much the same way as athletes do.
Dancers have (part) arms.
Dancers have (part) body substances.
Dancers have (part) cell membranes.
Dancers have (part) cells.
Dancers have (part) corpi.
Dancers have (part) cytoplasm.
Dancers have (part) heads.
Dancers have (part) human bodies.
Dancers have (part) legs.
Dancers have (part) material bodies.
Dancers have (part) necks.
Dancers have (part) nuclei.
Dancers have (part) personality.
Dancers have (part) plasma membranes.
Dancers have (part) sections.
Dancers have (part) vacuoles.
Dancers have great legs.
Dancers have inertia.
Dancers have lots of fun developing coordination and a sense of rhythm.
Dancers have rotational inertia.
Dancers have the opportunity to develop promotional, leadership, and organizational skills.
Dancers have the opportunity to perform in three main productions a season.
Dancers have to be willing to trust each other enough to be in the right spots.
Dancers have to dance.
Dancers have to listen to the caller to find out what's next.
Dancers have to pay for their own transportation and lodging for the competitions.
Dancers have until today to sign contracts.
Dancers hire a seamstress, or if they sew, make their own costumes.
Dancers hold jobs.
Dancers imitate the movement of horses to the music of a traditional orchestra.
Dancers integrate poetry into the piece.
Dancers join companies.
Dancers joining lines have a tendancey to join an already existing line rather than form a new one.
Dancers joyfully celebrate the marriage as the couple become husband and wife under the huppah.
Dancers just don t dance anymore.
Dancers keep one hand on a hip, and hold a large fan in the other.
Dancers kick high at rehearsal.
Dancers know that the borders of the body are mutable, porous.
Dancers know they're going to have bloody feet.
Dancers learn a modern dance routine to music and prepare for the big dance show.
Dancers learn self-discipline as they develop skills and create dances.
Dancers learn the importance of teamwork, and how to depend on each other.
Dancers learn to cooperate with others through partner and group work.
Dancers learn, by the study of kinesis, how to correct on stage what nature suppressed.
Dancers limit fat intake.
Dancers limit intake.
Dancers live to dance, a truism that gives the lie to anyone arguing otherwise.
Dancers look better when they dance to it.
Dancers look great.
Dancers love how they twirl.
Dancers love the convenience of a quick-change boot with strong, stretch elastic.
Dancers make excellent cult bait.
Dancers make few mistakes and demonstrate movements that are in step with each other.
Dancers make many mistakes and are often out of step.
Dancers make movement which a choreographer shapes.
Dancers marching beside the float include gazelles, zebras and elephants.
Dancers merely provide entertainment, and pretty tame entertainment at that.
Dancers move around each other clockwise once around.
Dancers move as individuals in rows or lines without holding hands.
Dancers move at their own pace through the programs.
Dancers move forward and to the left until they are right hip to right hip with the adjacent dancer.
Dancers move forward in single file counterclockwise or clockwise around the circle, as directed.
Dancers move forward only, never backwards.
Dancers move forward to symbolize non-retreating.
Dancers move forward, passing right shoulders with each other.
Dancers move in a circle, waving leaves known as mayang pinang, until they faint in a trance.
Dancers move in a clockwise direction, dancing in the style dictated by their dress.
Dancers move in and out of the bands using a variety of steps or movements.
Dancers move in gracefully undulating swan wing beats, a rendering of spirit-possession.
Dancers move in the same d irection and the sequence of steps is repeated through the dance.
Dancers move their bodies from one side to the other , first slowly then quickly, imitating birds.
Dancers move their body in a fluid way, with their hips, arms, and shoulders constantly moving.
Dancers move their right feet between partner's feet on forward steps.
Dancers move to the beat of the drum and shake a gourd rattle while rotating in a circle.
Dancers move with controlled steps that often form a zigzag pattern.
Dancers mull their dreams of glory.
Dancers obey a screamed signal to change positions and freeze.
Dancers offer their interpretations of African, Caribbean and other styles.
Dancers participate in contests everywhere.
Dancers participate in special workshops, receive personal coaching, and also perform.
Dancers participate in worship about five or six times a year.
Dancers participate in worship services and at other church events as well as other churches.
Dancers pass right shoulders on either end and weave to the end opposite.
Dancers pass thru, turn in to face their partners and step into a right hand ocean wave.
Dancers pass thru, turn in to face their partners and step to a right hand ocean wave.
Dancers pass thru.
Dancers pay their own way, but the expenses are very modest, and scholarships are available.
Dancers pep up.
Dancers perform a traditional Georgian dance.
Dancers perform dances.
Dancers perform in two annual recitals, in the musical, and with the chorus as a show choir.
Dancers perform single or soft jigs in soft shoes.
Dancers perform throughout the day on several stages.
Dancers perform with our live band only.
Dancers play with the sound pads for no apparent reason.
Dancers practice twice a week for two hours at each practice.
Dancers prepare for Dance Gala.
Dancers primp in preparation for a lavish sequence.
Dancers proceed toward each other.
Dancers push, punch, press, swing, explode.
Dancers put shoes back on as fast as possible.
Dancers recite the poems as they move.
Dancers recreate a professional dancer s daily class including barre and centre exercises.
Dancers repeatedly bend and straighten their legs.
Dancers require at least one warm up day before performing while on tour.
Dancers require so much oxygen.
Dancers rock in different styles according to the speed of the music.
Dancers rotate to the music at the cuckoo call.
Dancers seem to travel more than their share, but sometimes spend hours looking for places to dance.
Dancers seem to travel more than their share.
Dancers seem unaware of one another as they make simultaneous or sequential gestures.
Dancers seem very real.
Dancers share dressing rooms in most theatres.
Dancers sharpen their skills of observation.
Dancers sign up for the dances they wish to be in.
Dancers sit, walk, and fall on a set of wooden bleachers upstage center.
Dancers skillfully manipulate apir, or fans which represent the winds that prove to be auspicious.
Dancers speak with their bodies.
Dancers spend years learning dances and perfecting their skills.
Dancers stand side by side with their partners in two rows, man facing woman.
Dancers start out high, and gradually get closer to the ground, and then start over again.
Dancers start pouring into the space between the temple and the crowd.
Dancers step forward offset to the left.
Dancers step forward, join and then raise their LEFT hands.
Dancers step forward, join and then raise their right hands.
Dancers step forward, join right hands with the dancer directly ahead and pull by.
Dancers step forward, join right hands with the dancer directly ahead and step by.
Dancers stop to make corrections, collaborate ideas with each other and to rest.
Dancers stretch beautiful legs along walls and bend their backs.
Dancers stretch before they dance as do other disciplines.
Dancers suffer injuries.
Dancers suffer painful injuries.
Dancers swing around in pairs.
Dancers take class on a daily basis.
Dancers take daily technique classes from artist-faculty throughout their college career.
Dancers take three classes and rehearse daily for the weekly perfomances.
Dancers take what they can get because they are always aware that they are expendable.
Dancers talk to dancers in the same piece, second cast has the odd word with first cast.
Dancers tell story in words and movements.
Dancers tend to be a humble lot, yet people pay for what they perceive is valuable.
Dancers tend to dance with many different partners during the evening and there are many singles.
Dancers traditionally do warm-up exercises at the barre.
Dancers travel all over the world dancing.
Dancers trip up and fall down.
Dancers try to keep the spirits busy.
Dancers turn the star by walking forward in a circle around the center of the star.
Dancers turn to face partner if necessary, step forward to join right forearms, and turn halfway.
Dancers typically change partners often.
Dancers use a long coup stick and ruffle.
Dancers use hands up position.
Dancers use quick flick kicks, lightning turns and plenty of hips.
Dancers use wire brushes to clean the soles of their dance shoes.
Dancers warm up before rehearsal.
Dancers watch intently as the guest artists come on stage - always awe inspiring.
Dancers waving scarves demonstrate different combinations of color.
Dancers wear a variety of clan tartans with white blouses.
Dancers wear appropriate dance gear.
Dancers wear authentic costumes.
Dancers wear bells tied to their shins and colorful costumes.
Dancers wear bright colored costumes and dance to traditional guitar and drum music.
Dancers wear brilliantly colored feather bustles in the performance.
Dancers wear buckskin dresses decorated with intricate beadwork.
Dancers wear fancy masks and costumes.
Dancers wear hanagasa.
Dancers wearing colorful costumes perform nightly.
Dancers wearing costumes and masks often appear to invoke the ancestral spirits.
Dancers weave in aspects of their distinct traditions and cultures.
Dancers Welcome to our home.
Dancers wheel around as if on lake.
Dancers wind back.
Dancers wipe their sweaty faces.
Dancers work and live from the inside.
Dancers work in many kinds of places.
Dancers work with professional choreographers.
Dancers always smoke.
Dancers always wear bells and ribbons on their boots, which contribute to the effect of thedance.
Dancers frequently appear in music videos.
Dancers frequently exert pushing and pulling pressure on each other.
Dancers often blend in or even lip synch the chorus parts.
Dancers often perform traditional steps accompanied by the band.
Dancers often perform while musical instruments are played.
Dancers often rehearse two or more ballets at one time.
Dancers often start at the entrance of the coro in the estribillo section.
Dancers often use chunking.
Dancers often work as a group.
Dancers sometimes carry a pouch of white deerskin, with beaded decoration or other types of bags.
Dancers sometimes carry a rattling instrument of some sort.
Dancers sometimes conduct research to learn more about the part they are playing.
Dancers sometimes swap phone numbers and addresses.
Dancers usually meet once a week for lessons, and clubs meet twice a month.
All dancers are graceful.
All dancers are wecome to attend.
All dancers are welcome regardless of experience.
All dancers are welcome to participate from beginner to advanced levels.
All dancers are welcome.
ALL dancers are welcome.
All dancers audition together at the same level.
All dancers carry sticks.
All dancers end facing in the same direction they started.
All dancers face in across set.
All dancers face their corners.
All dancers have a minimum of four years developing their expertise in African dance.
All dancers have arms in natural dance position.
All dancers move forward smoothly during extending action.
All dancers now face down set.
All dancers participate at their own risk.
All dancers receive a participation ribbon.
All dancers use couple handhold when doing a couples circulate.
All dancers use couple handhold.
All dancers use couple handholds.
All dancers welcome, married, single, solo or with a partner.
All dancers welcome, singles or couples.
All dancers welcome.
Any dancer is welcome to contribute.
Every dancer expresses their own emotions through the dance, which is the beauty and magic of tango.
Every dancer knows pain.
Every dancer needs the excitement and pride of having their moment in the spotlight.
Many dancers also teach or choreograph dances.
Many dancers approach dancing from an academic point of view rather than the heart.
Many dancers are inherently lazy.
Many dancers begin training when they are young and continue to learn throughout their careers.
Many dancers belong to unions.
Many dancers choose to wear vintage clothing.
Many dancers combine performing with teaching.
Many dancers combine stage work and teaching.
Many dancers combine stage work with teaching or choreographing.
Many dancers combine stage work with teaching or choreography.
Many dancers develop achilles tendinitis.
Many dancers develop achilles tendinits.
Many dancers enjoy the atmosphere as an alternative to the dance club scene.
Many dancers even have a few dance jobs and juggle their schedules.
Many dancers find themselves workshopping alone, either one person or one couple.
Many dancers have anatomical structures that make pointe shoe fitting especially challenging.
Many dancers have eating disorders and they lead very, very stressful lives.
Many dancers have other jobs in addition to their dance job.
Many dancers have successful careers after surgical ligamentous repair.
Many dancers make personal donations in memory of a lost loved one.
Many dancers pass on academics to go straight to the stage.
Many dancers perform in shows at casinos, theme parks, and on cruise ships.
Many dancers return to dancing with no discernable difference in their range of motion.
Many dancers say that it is their dream to perform here along with judges and teachers.
Many dancers sing and act, as well as dance.
Many dancers start early and intensively to prepare for their career.
Many dancers worry about gaining weight, and therefore, strictly limit their fat intake.
Most dancers are hard working, because they want to do well.
Most dancers arrive at parties by themselves.
Most dancers aspire to be in the group that is so recognized.
Most dancers begin training at a young age.
Most dancers bring special shoes that they only wear in the dance halls.
Most dancers can handle the steps.
Most dancers carry a shawl, an eagle fan or a single feather.
Most dancers consume calories.
Most dancers consume enough calories.
Most dancers extend arms.
Most dancers have rotational inertia.
Most dancers have several learned techniques.
Most dancers have to work weird little jobs just to survive.
Most dancers hold jobs.
Most dancers join companies.
Most dancers keep their passion about dance, but the body gets less and less willing.
Most dancers learn by participating from childhood and continuing throughout their lives.
Most dancers limit fat intake.
Most dancers limit intake.
Most dancers love the time off.
Most dancers make their own costumes, using their own designs.
Most dancers perform dances.
Most dancers sign their names in a fluid, passionate manner, much in the way they dance.
Most dancers suffer injuries.
Most dancers suffer painful injuries.
Most dancers wear a shirt, either with or without ribbon decoration.
Most dancers willingly help newcomers learn.
Most dancers work with a group of other dancers or performers.
Some dancers achieve dreams.
Some dancers also have all concho draggers .
Some dancers are hypersensitive or allergic to such products.
Some dancers are sensitive about having arms that are either too thin or too large.
Some dancers become self-destructive through drugs, alcohol and sexually acting out.
Some dancers begin careers.
Some dancers begin professional careers.
Some dancers completely cover the face with a transparent veil, while others wear no veil at all.
Some dancers do a quick bouncing motion instead of the swoop.
Some dancers do acknowledge the difficulty of getting down and dirty in formal prom wear.
Some dancers enter trances.
Some dancers feel a bit too bare, a bit too exposed wearing just a decorated bra on top.
Some dancers follow diets.
Some dancers follow healthy diets.
Some dancers give up their careers because of the demands of their art.
Some dancers go on to graduate school.
Some dancers go through periods.
Some dancers have advantage.
Some dancers just seem to be dancing to the beat of a different caller.
Some dancers like to dress in period costume at the balls.
Some dancers occasionally change shoes.
Some dancers offer the hip string of their bikinis for the deposit.
Some dancers paint their faces and carry phallic carvings.
Some dancers perform in theater productions.
Some dancers prefer a loose feather fan.
Some dancers prefer to use a snap draw and hold to accentuate the staccato rhythm.
Some dancers pursue education.
Some dancers rent beach houses for the weekend.
Some dancers still ask permission first to borrow or perform a dance however.
Some dancers think so much in terms of complex patterns.
Some dancers wear through three pairs of pointe shoes in a single performance.
Some dancers win lead roles.
Some dancers win roles.
Some dancers work in choruses.
Dancing bears become overnight stars by strutting their stuff in public.
Dancing grass hides the river s edge, going every way at once.
Dancing lessons are also a great way to socialize.
Dancing lessons are expensive but worth it.
Dancing lessons are free of charge.
Dancing lessons are the ideal solution to anyone's ballroom phobias.
Dancing  dips.
Dancing  exercises.
Dancing  fall.
Dancing  movement.
Dancing  movings.
Dancing  necking.
Dancing  sweat.
Dancing  trips.
Dancing allows cheerleaders to give attitude which adds excitement to the routine.
Dancing allows men to get their hands on and their bodies close to willing females.
Dancing also can be an art.
Dancing also increases cognitive acuity at all ages.
Dancing also is wonderful, but singing is so moving and beautiful.
Dancing also strengthens the hamstrings, calves, glutes and back.
Dancing are diversion.
Dancing are located in shows.
Dancing are motion.
Dancing are pastime.
Dancing are used for ballerinas.
Dancing are used for celebration.
Dancing are used for ceremony.
Dancing are used for entertainment.
Dancing are used for exercises.
Dancing are used for fun.
Dancing are used for people.
Dancing are used for performance.
Dancing are used for pleasure.
Dancing are used for professionals.
Dancing becomes a profound and exciting undertaking.
Dancing boasts an ageless tradition of undermining the intellect.
Dancing calls upon one to violate four general principles of Christian conduct.
Dancing can also burn as many calories as walking or riding a bike.
Dancing can be a big deal, especially here in Houston.
Dancing can be a blast.
Dancing can be a form of praise and thanksgiving.
Dancing can be an arobic exercise.
Dancing can be an enjoyable way to exercise the body and refresh the mind.
Dancing can be enjoyable and provide an opportunity to meet new people and strengthen friendships.
Dancing can be every bit as good as aerobics or jogging.
Dancing can be fun at all levels.
Dancing can be incredibly self-focused, but with a specific, focused intention.
Dancing can be like being that drummer.
Dancing can be like that.
Dancing can be very meditative.
Dancing can help people to reduce stress and decrease the risk of heart disease, diabetes or stroke.
Dancing can help prevent it.
Dancing can hurt.
Dancing can keep seniors fit and young.
Dancing cause blisters.
Dancing cause euphoria.
Dancing cause exercises.
Dancing cause exhaustion.
Dancing cause expression.
Dancing cause fatigue.
Dancing cause happiness.
Dancing cause humiliation.
Dancing cause injuries.
Dancing cause movement.
Dancing cause sore foots.
Dancing cause sweat.
Dancing combines art, music, romance, relaxation, graceful movement, social contact and exercise.
Dancing combines physical and mental activities.
Dancing comes from the land.
Dancing consists of knowing how to couler, couper , and make a pirouette.
Dancing contributes to a better overall appearance, poise and posture.
Dancing creates even more of a dilemma than movie viewing.
Dancing creates social community.
Dancing develops muscles.
Dancing does, after all, burn calories.
Dancing ends with a potluck supper.
Dancing go back to posing in front of mirrors.
Dancing goes back to primitive times, and magical powers have been attributed to it.
Dancing goes on long into the night, even until daybreak.
Dancing goes until dark.
Dancing happens and dripping cans of cold beer are passed from hand to hand.
Dancing has a disreputable history.
Dancing has immediate and long-lasting meeting opportunities.
Dancing has low impact on the muscles and joints so all ages can participate.
Dancing holidays a speciality.
Dancing incites impurity in thought and action.
Dancing involves rhythm, moshing involves deep rooted problems.
Dancing involves the aesthetic, social, intellectual, physical, and spiritual parts of being human.
Dancing is a big part of the music in Cape Breton.
Dancing is a communal experience, even taking technique classes.
Dancing is a communication where two people relate and mirror the movements of one another.
Dancing is a contact sport, football is a collision.
Dancing is a contact sport.
Dancing is a cool interaction, but people get stuck in that as a format.
Dancing is a different way to communicate with people.
Dancing is a favorite pass time.
Dancing is a fun and social activity.
Dancing is a gesture of the whole body which can ally the body with the soul.
Dancing is a good example.
Dancing is a good sport.
Dancing is a good thing too.
Dancing is a good way to combine weight loss, exercise and stress reduction.
Dancing is a great activity and it's a lot of fun.
Dancing is a great exercise and social activity.
Dancing is a great opportunity to help new-comers and visitors feel involved.
Dancing is a great thing to do.
Dancing is a great way to exercise without the hassle of going to a health club.
Dancing is a great way to meet new people and have some fun.
Dancing is a great way to meet people.
Dancing is a highly versatile activity.
Dancing is a hotter topic.
Dancing is a key part of the evening.
Dancing is a living tradition.
Dancing is a nearly universal experience, crossing cultures and countries.
Dancing is a passion.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Dancing is a popular evening entertainment in Papeete.
Dancing is a popular pastime for all, and late night adults-only comics bring out huge crowds.
Dancing is a positive alternative to aerobic dance or jogging.
Dancing is a positive alternative to aerobic dancing or jogging.
Dancing is a recurrent theme in Joyce's books.
Dancing is a revolutionary act in the new millenium.
Dancing is a skill, partner dancing even more so.
Dancing is a social activity.
Dancing is a social skill.
Dancing is a sport.
Dancing is a sweat job.
Dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
Dancing is a very aerobic activity.
Dancing is a way of expressing the spiritual, a way of incarnating what is inside.
Dancing is about cooperation, teamwork, and sharing.
Dancing is about having a good time.
Dancing is absolutely a visual art.
Dancing is accompanied with button accordions, violins, drums and whistles.
Dancing is activity is sporadic, all are welcome and instruction is provided.
Dancing is almost as fun.
Dancing is almost as old as the world.
Dancing is almost continuous at all other times.
Dancing is also a form of communication.
Dancing is also a great alternative to other types of aerobic exercise.
Dancing is also a great andactive way to gain culture.
Dancing is also a great form of exercise.
Dancing is also possible.
Dancing is always fun, and dancing and roving just raises the level of fun.
Dancing is an another way of communication with people.
Dancing is an art because it is subject to rules.
Dancing is an art form, despite the fact that it requires the prowess of an athlete.
Dancing is an art that was here before the conception of art ever existed.
Dancing is an easy way to get some exercise.
Dancing is an enjoyable combination of fun and exercise.
Dancing is an excellent way to attract women.
Dancing is an important part of many festivals and ceremonies.
Dancing is an unsurpassed social activity and a great aerobic activity.
Dancing is another activity which requires a partner.
Dancing is another freeby that provides a workout at the same time.
Dancing is another main component of the ritual.
Dancing is art and all art heals.
Dancing is art.
Dancing is as anonymous in rural areas as it is in cities.
Dancing is as old as time, and good for our health too.
Dancing is at an extraordinarily high and competitive level nowadays.
Dancing is begun, and toasts to the happy couple are being proposed when a drum is heard.
Dancing is both an art form and a form of recreation.
Dancing is both dangerous and deadly.
Dancing is but one of many contexts for country music.
Dancing is by no means an improper branch of education for an American lady.
Dancing is called at a level to match the new dancers skills.
Dancing is casual and something people can do for pure fun.
Dancing is certainly something especial.
Dancing is controlled.
Dancing is emphasized.
Dancing is encouraged and freely engaged in.
Dancing is encouraged indoors or on the patio.
Dancing is encouraged.
Dancing is enjoyed by millions of people everyday.
Dancing is fairly aerobic.
Dancing is for fun, connectedness and the sheer pleasure of movement.
Dancing is for the white man.
Dancing is forbidden in the future.
Dancing is fun in that there is a feeling of connection to the people one dances with.
Dancing is fun, healthy and a great way to meet new people.
Dancing is fun.
Dancing is good exercise.
Dancing is good.
Dancing is great entertainment for married couples.
Dancing is great, and the music brings back lots of good memories.
Dancing is great.
Dancing is Haiti's most popular recreational activity.
Dancing is heard in the distance, nearby a mandolins plays a sentimental love song.
Dancing is illegal in some states, so check local laws before dancing or blowing up anything.
Dancing is in the ballroom.
Dancing is just a conversation between two people.
Dancing is key to a good disco party.
Dancing is like drinking.
Dancing is like playing an instrument.
Dancing is like weaving the energies into the etherical body, later to be integrated into the body.
Dancing is magical in other ways.
Dancing is magical.
Dancing is mentioned in various chapters.
Dancing is more fun and has much more to recommend it.
Dancing is movement, and movement is life.
Dancing is now easier on foot muscles.
Dancing is often an important part of the ritual and spiritual aspect of music.
Dancing is older than written language.
Dancing is on the lower level.
Dancing is one example.
Dancing is one of the best ways to stay in shape and to releave stress.
Dancing is one of the most effective and enjoyable forms of aerobic exercise.
Dancing is one of the most popular leisure-time activities in America today.
Dancing is one of the most soothing forms of relaxation.
Dancing is open to all ages.
Dancing is our first line of social activity.
Dancing is our love.
Dancing is outside. .
Dancing is permitted in the recreation room only.
Dancing is permitted inside the building and poolside.
Dancing is permitted only in designated areas.
Dancing is permitted within certain guidelines.
Dancing is permitted, but no outside amplified music.
Dancing is perpendicular expression of horizontal desire.
Dancing is popular wherevere people gather.
Dancing is power.
Dancing is prayer.
Dancing is proud and fierce at traditional sing-sings, with drums beating long into the night.
Dancing is pure celebration of expression.
Dancing is questionable.
Dancing is reasonably dirty and the crowd stays pretty sauced.
Dancing is sensual but safe, romantic, and just plain fun.
Dancing is silent poetry.
Dancing is so hard anyway.
Dancing is taught by a professional choreographer.
Dancing is the answer to whatever the question was.
Dancing is the best medicine.
Dancing is the best way to stay alive.
Dancing is the first line of social activity.
Dancing is the male's way of attracting a female.
Dancing is the no stress, no sweat, and no strain way of getting exercise.
Dancing is the outward expression of invisible emotion.
Dancing is the same way.
Dancing is the veritable manifestation of grace.
Dancing is therefore sinful.
Dancing is thus a further development on sculpture.
Dancing is to both live and taped drums.
Dancing is very athletic and is a great way to learn about different cultures, styles and movements.
Dancing is very good for grounding.
Dancing is very hard.
Dancing is very much alive and kicking.
Dancing is wonderful exercise.
Dancing is, after all, quite different than both spoken and printed words.
Dancing is, to an extent, yet another reiteration of the music.
Dancing lacks assurance.
Dancing lasts till dawn.
Dancing Learn the basics and be comfortable in any social dance environment.
Dancing makes a good workout for burning fat and relieving stress.
Dancing makes for a fun evening for everyone.
Dancing means to stagger around randomly.
Dancing occurs at all levels every day of the week.
Dancing offers a host of other benefits, too.
Dancing permits indecent familiarity between the sexes.
Dancing plays a very significant role in every Native-American nation.
Dancing produces some of the best legs out there.
Dancing provides a picture of the cultural level of a nation.
Dancing reduces both anxiety and depression, as do many other forms of exercise.
Dancing refers to a back and forth quadrupedal movement which is distinct from pacing or spinning.
Dancing requires a tremendous amount of strength and work.
Dancing requires great physical skill and control over the whole body.
Dancing seems to have been a spectator sport in which professionals performed for the guests.
Dancing seems to have touched the Indian heart in a deep way.
Dancing serves no necessary use, no profitable, laudable or pious end at all.
Dancing serves no necessary use, no profitable, laudable, or pious end at all.
Dancing starts again, the ground is lustrous, all gold leaf.
Dancing takes place everywhere and there is a good mix of music.
Dancing takes place in three venues, each with unique music.
Dancing takes place on the beach.
Dancing teaches the kids discipline, coordination, and poise.
Dancing tends to be improvisational, informal, and performed amongst friends.
Dancing truly is great medicine.
Dancing often leads to other sinful practices.
All dancing is done on wooden floors.
All dancing revolves around the poto mitan.
Dandelion buds have similar taste.
Dandelion buds have taste.
Dandelion coffee is helpful for the liver and is a good replacement for strong or instant coffee.
Dandelion green is a leaf
Dandelion green is green.
Dandelion green is leafs.
Dandelion greens are a great addition to make sauces or dips.
Dandelion greens are an excellent source of vitamin A, iron and calcium.
Dandelion greens are extremely important for jack rabbits.
Dandelion Greens are nutrient rich vegetables that cleanse the body.
Dandelion greens are often a huge hit.
Dandelion greens are well-loved by guinea pigs.
Dandelion greens can be sauteed, boiled and eaten raw.
Dandelion greens can be too bitter for some people's taste.
Dandelion Greens Cut up a few pieces of bacon into a pan and fry.
Dandelion greens have a bitter taste and are very cleansing.
Dandelion root contains inulin, a sugar that is helpful to blood sugar balance.
Dandelion root has a mild laxative effect that further cleanses the body.
Dandelion root has many properties that influence general health.
Dandelion root is a particularly potent diuretic.
Dandelion root is a wonderful herb for the digestive system, especially the liver and gall bladder.
Dandelion root is also good for blood sugar regulation.
Dandelion root is an excellent cleansing herb for the stomach and liver.
Dandelion root is effective for upper respiratory infections, pneumonia and chronic bronchitis.
Dandelion root is one of the best.
Dandelion root tones the liver.
Dandelion roots are useful for liver problems.
Dandelion roots grow deep, as just about any gardener can attest to.
Dandelion roots grow long and deep and the leaves are tasty to eat.
Dandelion roots mixed with other herb can make a tea to help kidney trouble.
Some dandelion roots have actions.
Dandelion seeds are among the preferred seeds fed to the young.
Dandelion seeds are dispersed by wind.
Dandelion seeds are dispersed widely by the wind.
Dandelion seeds are non-dormant when produced.
Dandelion seeds fly or float through the air.
Dandelion seeds have feathery tufts that act as parachutes.
Dandelion seeds spread in the wind.
Most dandelion seeds are dispersed by wind.
Dandelion tea is used for upper respiratory infections.
Dandelion tea makes from leaves.
Most dandelion tea makes from leaves.
Dandelion wine is a popular folk tonic.
Dandelion wine is made by mixing sugar with the flowers.
Dandelion wine is made from the flowers.
A dandelion is a herb
Dandelion adds pizazz to apple cider vinegar.
Dandelion aids the liver and digestion by promoting the flow of bile.
Dandelion also contains protein, more than spinach.
Dandelion also helps clear skin eruptions when used both internally and externally.
Dandelion also prevents jaundice in the baby when it is born.
Dandelion also replaces some of the potassium lost in the process.
Dandelion appears to be essentially free of significant toxicity or side effects.
Dandelion can also help people on an emotional level.
Dandelion can also lower blood sugar levels in the body.
Dandelion can cause a diuretic-like effect on the body.
Dandelion can have a soothing effect on all kinds of aches.
Dandelion competes with tree seedlings on burned sites.
Dandelion Encourages great strength and courage in all species to embrace the ultimate future.
Dandelion enters a disturbed community and rapidly becomes abundant.
Dandelion feeds the liver and is also a blood purifier.
Dandelion generally establishes during the first or second postfire year.
Dandelion has a long history of use for problems of the liver, gallbladder, and bile ducts.
Dandelion has a wide variety of uses in folk medicine.
Dandelion has both nutritional and medicinal effects.
Dandelion has properties that support proper functioning of the liver and pancreas.
Dandelion helps balance and stabilize old feelings, early memories.
Dandelion helps relax the musculature.
Dandelion helps the liver eliminate toxins from the body and also acts as a natural diuretic.
Dandelion holds a monthly student loan clinic for clients with student loan issues.
Dandelion improves liver function, helping to metabolize hormones.
Dandelion is a bitter tonic which cleanses and stimulates the liver and gallbladder.
Dandelion is a blessing for our organ-system.
Dandelion is a blood and liver cleanser.
Dandelion is a colourful cafe, appealing to all.
Dandelion is a common plant that is closely related to chicory.
Dandelion is a common yard, garden, and roadside weed.
Dandelion is a day plant and can initiate flowers under any day length.
Dandelion is a favorite.
Dandelion is a flowering plant that belongs to the family Asteraceae.
Dandelion is a folk remedy for both warts and liver spots.
Dandelion is a gentle liver tonic and diuretic.
Dandelion is a great bittering herb.
Dandelion is a member of the sunflower family.
Dandelion is a mild laxative, a tonic, and an appetite suppressant.
Dandelion is a natural diuretic and digestive aid.
Dandelion is a perennial and persistent lawn weed in much of the northern hemisphere.
Dandelion is a perennial herb that grows prolifically in millions of gardens.
Dandelion is a perennial that grows from a taproot many feet long.
Dandelion is a stimulant to the gall bladder and a digestive aid.
Dandelion is a superior blood purifier for the entire body.
Dandelion is a very easily grown plant, it succeeds in most soils.
Dandelion is a weed with a ligulate capitulum.
Dandelion is a winter perennial.
Dandelion is also a rich source of vitamins and minerals.
Dandelion is also helpful as a lactation stimulator.
Dandelion is also useful for high blood pressure, high cholesterol and unstable blood sugar levels.
Dandelion is another herbal which is used in cases of impaired liver function.
Dandelion is Canadian, rural and primarily English speaking.
Dandelion is closely related to chicory.
Dandelion is effective in getting rid of excess oil or sebum accumulated in the scalp.
Dandelion is extremely safe.
Dandelion is filled with solar plexus chakra energies.
Dandelion is found in nearly all SAF cover types.
Dandelion is found throughout the United States.
Dandelion is full of vitamins and minerals and helps the liver and kidneys to function smoothly.
Dandelion is generally an apomictic plant and seed production normally occurs without pollination.
Dandelion is grown commercially in the United States and Europe.
Dandelion is high in potassium making it useful as a potassium sparing diuretic.
Dandelion is high in protein and has an incredible nutritional profile.
Dandelion is invasive and pervasive.
Dandelion is most evident in older hay fields.
Dandelion is no exception.
Dandelion is of Eurasian origin but has become naturalized throughout the United States.
Dandelion is one of most popular herbal remedies to improve liver functions.
Dandelion is one of the favored foods of sage grouse in the spring, summer, and fall in Nevada.
Dandelion is one plant which probably requries no desciption.
Dandelion is rich in minerals and potassium that are easy to assimilate.
Dandelion is super-effective in our little expedition against weight loss.
Dandelion is support for the digestive tract.
Dandelion is the best-known and perhaps the most common perennial turfgrass weed in Pennsylvania.
Dandelion is the other favourite of the bird fancier.
Dandelion is used as a food in many parts of the world.
Dandelion is used in folk medicine to treat infections and liver disorders.
Dandelion is used mainly in Asian cuisine, often as an ingredient of salads and sandwiches.
Dandelion is used whenever there is liver involvement with heat and toxins in the blood.
Dandelion is useful in both the cases.
Dandelion isa herb.
Dandelion means tooth of the lion .
Dandelion prevents deposits of sugar in the kidneys through frequent urination.
Dandelion reduces frequency and intensity of pain and strengthens the connective tissue.
Dandelion rids the body of excessive fluid and cleanses the liver, as does alfalfa.
Dandelion stimulates the flow of bile and has an ancient history as a liver detoxifier.
Dandelion visibly smoothes the skin where scar tissue or stretch marks are present.
Dandelion Walk Walk the neighborhood looking for dandelions.
Dandelion works hand in hand with milk thistle as a blood purifier and digestive aid .
Dandelions absorb nutrients and moisture from the soil through their roots.
Dandelions actually fertilize the grass.
Dandelions adapt to environments.
Dandelions also assist the bladder, spleen, pancreas, stomach and intestines.
Dandelions also get their attention.
Dandelions appear in the spring.
Dandelions are a green and growing first aid kit.
Dandelions are a leaf crop.
Dandelions are a potent symbol of summer in the novel.
Dandelions are a rich source of vitamins, minerals and it even has antioxidants.
Dandelions are about the best wild vegetable resource in the world.
Dandelions are about the first and the last available greens.
Dandelions are also great with seafood and pasta dishes.
Dandelions are always good to have around.
Dandelions are among the most expensive items in the grocery store.
Dandelions are an excellent food source for ultra vitamins in the spring.
Dandelions are believed to be some of the oldest plants on the planet.
Dandelions are broadleaf weeds.
Dandelions are common over the eastern half of the state.
Dandelions are common weeds.
Dandelions are considered weeds in lawns because they can multiply quickly.
Dandelions are difficult to control in direct seeding.
Dandelions are dispersed to great distances by the wind.
Dandelions are edibles.
Dandelions are familiar to most young children.
Dandelions are fast growers, the sunny yellow flowers going from bud to seed in days.
Dandelions are flowers.
Dandelions are flowers.
Dandelions are hardy, and even if they are moved or eaten they can still come back to flower.
Dandelions are herbs.
Dandelions are higher n Potassium than Bananas.
Dandelions are in full bloom and are adding a yellow hue to many forage stands.
Dandelions are just plain fun.
Dandelions are known to lower cholesterol levels in the blood.
Dandelions are little troubled by pests and diseases.
Dandelions are located in lawns.
Dandelions are masters of survival.
Dandelions are named as such because their sharp and serrated leaves resemble teeth of a lion.
Dandelions are now a protected species for gourmets.
Dandelions are nutritious and delicious.
Dandelions are perennials, therefore they grow every year rather then dying off after a single year.
Dandelions are sneaky plants.
Dandelions are solitary.
Dandelions are the most delightfully subversive of flowers.
Dandelions are the most recognized and most common of the weed problems.
Dandelions are the most useful and consternating plants in our environment.
Dandelions are usually biennials, although many live for several years.
Dandelions are valuable for medicine, beverages, and food.
Dandelions are very common.
Dandelions attract bees.
Dandelions attract pollinating insects which helps fruits to ripen.
Dandelions become more bitter with age.
Dandelions can grow just about anywhere, namely fields, lawns, forests, gardens or even wastelands.
Dandelions can ride on their beneath that fluffy down, can drift for hours on a breeze.
Dandelions can shorten the productive life of perennial forage seed crops.
Dandelions come in early spring and for good fermentation warmth is needed.
Dandelions continue blooming on short stems.
Dandelions create humus around themselves, doing the same kind of work that earthworms do.
Dandelions dig deep.
Dandelions fall under the major lineage in plants called angiosperm.
Dandelions favor thin turf.
Dandelions go good with potatoes and some kind of meat.
Dandelions grow in regions.
Dandelions grow less in the shade than in full sun.
Dandelions grow throughout Alaska.
Dandelions grown in sunlight have smaller leaves.
Dandelions have (part) cell membranes.
Dandelions have (part) cells.
Dandelions have (part) corpi.
Dandelions have (part) cytoplasm.
Dandelions have (part) nuclei.
Dandelions have (part) plasma membranes.
Dandelions have (part) sections.
Dandelions have (part) vacuoles.
Dandelions have (part) vegetables.
Dandelions have a two-year life cycle.
Dandelions have deep roots that bring up lots of nutrients from the soil.
Dandelions have edible leaves.
Dandelions have flowers.
Dandelions have green leaves.
Dandelions have leaves.
Dandelions have minimal impact on quality forage and are readily consumed by most livestock.
Dandelions have orange flowers.
Dandelions have rosettes.
Dandelions have taproots, so do oak trees.
Dandelions have very large taproots.
Dandelions impregnate the yard.
Dandelions is the right word.
Dandelions like to live in areas where sunlight and nutritional soil are available.
Dandelions make a great free meal.
Dandelions make a terrific facial that helps clear up acne.
Dandelions obtain nutrients.
Dandelions pop up overnight.
Dandelions prefer full sun and moist soils.
Dandelions produce flowers but the seeds develop without fertilization by pollen.
Dandelions produce pollen.
Dandelions produce roots.
Dandelions produce seeds.
Dandelions produce thick taproots that can penetrate up to several inches into the soil.
Dandelions reach maturity.
Dandelions reproduce in two ways.
Dandelions require sun and disturbed soil to thrive.
Dandelions sprout leaves.
Dandelions stimulate fruits and flowers to ripen quickly.
Dandelions take little care to grow.
Dandelions taste great and grow everywhere.
Dandelions tend to flower most abundantly in spring, but can re-flower in the fall, too.
Dandelions tend to thrive well in shady areas and where the ground has been compacted.
Dandelions thrive under the brilliant canopy of blooming cherry trees.
Dandelions use sunlight for energy in a process called photosynthesis.
Dandelions use their roots for asexual reproduction.
Most dandelions adapt to environments.
Most dandelions are triploid which creates special problems for meiosis.
Most dandelions attract bees.
Most dandelions can reproduce sexually and benefit from having flower petals.
Most dandelions grow in regions.
Most dandelions have edible leaves.
Most dandelions have flowers.
Most dandelions have green leaves.
Most dandelions have orange flowers.
Most dandelions have rosettes.
Most dandelions obtain nutrients.
Most dandelions produce pollen.
Most dandelions produce roots.
Most dandelions produce seeds through parthenogenesis and pollen through unusual sexual means.
Most dandelions produce seeds.
Most dandelions reach maturity.
Some dandelions contain vitamins.
Some dandelions enhance functions.
Some dandelions have benefits.
Some dandelions have capacity.
Some dandelions have characteristics.
Some dandelions have countless benefits.
Some dandelions have countless health benefits.
Some dandelions have ecological impact.
Some dandelions have foliage.
Some dandelions have green foliage.
Some dandelions have health benefits.
Some dandelions have impact.
Some dandelions have low ecological impact.
Some dandelions have low impact.
Some dandelions have methods.
Some dandelions improve pain.
Some dandelions lose seeds.
Some dandelions prevent lipid oxidation.
Some dandelions prevent oxidation.
Some dandelions produce fruit.
Some dandelions use for purposes.
A dander is exfoliation
Dander builds up during the dry winter months.
Dander causes most cat allergies and is produced regularly.
Dander collects in the carpets, upholstered furniture and bedding.
Dander collects in the carpets.
Dander easily becomes airborne and can get into the smallest and most unlikely places.
Dander is a common culprit in allergies to dogs.
Dander is inside the hair follicle until it sheds, at which point the dander is in the air.
Dander is minute scales that fall from the hair, feather, and skin of all warm-blooded animals.
Dander is the microscopic particles of skin, fur and hair that animals continually shed.
Dander is usually the simplistic explanation of the cause of animal allergies.
Dander tends to be more of a problem with dogs than cats, although it is common to both.
Danders are anger.
Danders are scales.
Dandruff shampoo fails to give that 'whole body' tingle.
Dandruff shampoo is to combat flaky scalp.
Dandruff shampoo strips the build up of minerals from hard water.
Dandruff shampoos are located in bathrooms.
Dandruff shampoos are located in drug stores.
Dandruff shampoos are located in grocery stores.
Dandruff shampoos are located in houses.
Dandruff shampoos are located in pharmacies.
Dandruff shampoos are located in showers.
Dandruff shampoos are located in stores.
Dandruff shampoos are located in supermarkets.
Dandruff shampoos can also help.
Dandruff shampoos help treat the problem.
Dandruff shampoos tend to dry out even the oiliest hair.
A dandruff is exfoliation
Dandruff appears as scaling on the scalp without redness.
Dandruff appears on the scalp as small white or gray scales.
Dandruff can be also be due to nutritional deficiencies.
Dandruff can manifest as either very dry and flaky scalp or very oily scalp with flakes.
Dandruff causes excessive scaling on the scalp, with white flakes made up of dead skin cells.
Dandruff causes permanent hair loss.
Dandruff consists of scales of skin that fall from the scalp.
Dandruff is a bothersome problem sometimes thought to be associated with inefficient hair care.
Dandruff is a case in point.
Dandruff is a common problem which, if left untreated can lead to hair loss.
Dandruff is a common scalp condition in which dead skin cells shed a little faster than normal.
Dandruff is a major nuisance that the modern youngsters seems to suffer.
Dandruff is a mild form of seborrhoeic eczema.
Dandruff is a mild inflammation of the scalp causing flaking.
Dandruff is a pesky hormonal problem.
Dandruff is a seasonal disorder being most severe in the winter months.
Dandruff is common on the scalp and eyebrows.
Dandruff is dead skin.
Dandruff is dull, flaky and loose enough to fall out.
Dandruff is harmless.
Dandruff is made up of small flakes of dead scalp skin.
Dandruff is merely an accumulation of dried, dead skin cells.
Dandruff is more common in the cities than in the villages.
Dandruff is nothing but the outer layer of dead skin from the scalp that flakes out.
Dandruff is one of the most common scalp and hair problems which women suffer.
Dandruff is one of the most difficult hair and scalp problems to eradicate.
Dandruff is simply a natural loss of scalp skin.
Dandruff is simply an overenthusiastic turnover of skin cells on the scalp.
Dandruff is something else people worry about.
Dandruff is undoubtedly one of the most annoying problems faced by people all around the world.
Dandruff is very common.
Dandruff occurs mainly on the scalp.
Dandruff responds to more frequent shampooing or a longer period of lathering.
Dandruffs are diseases.
Dandruffs are scales.
Dandruffs are white.
Dandruff often flares during times of stress and is often worse during the winter.
A dandy is a man
Dandies are just as often villains as heroes.
Dandies are men.
Dandies is a correspondence and match-making agency for Japanese women and western men.
Dandy is a cuddlesome cat.
Dandy is great though.
Dandy now has Scrabble eyes.
Dandy remains on the list for another year, recommended for special use.
Danfoss components are small, but very important bricks in the wall.
Danfoss components play an important role as small, but very important bricks in the wall.
Danger Money is much better than the first one.
Danger Room Has hundreds of X-men fanfic.
Danger signs are easy to spot.
Danger signs are when moles increase in size, become darker in color, or become more irritable.
Danger signs remain.
More danger signs are misspelled words and poor grammar.
Danger signals can include ears ringing or muffled sounds.
Danger abounds when aritsts turn activists.
Danger affects health.
Danger affects human health.
Danger Ahead Knowing when a shipment was damaged can be invaluable.
Danger also Friend swallow most art of several recent brewer baseball hats.
Danger also Friend swallow most art of several recent crimson tide helmet.
Danger arises when fire starts.
Danger buoys mark areas that are hazardous to vessel operation.
Danger burst along little auto racing chicago.
Danger burst along little auto repair advice.
Danger burst along little birthday gift basket.
Danger burst along little birthday gifts sisters.
Danger can be erotic, even the threat of contracting a deadly disease.
Danger can be varied depending on particular species and amount consumed.
Danger Can cause complications with pregnancies.
Danger can come from any direction.
Danger can come from inanimate things too.
Danger can come in many forms and from many directions including accidents and disease.
Danger can come in many forms, some harder to recognize than others.
Danger can follow physicians home.
Danger causes a desire to lies.
Danger causes fear in a peaceful heart and mind.
Danger changes an amusing visual show into the adventure that the adolescents seemed to crave.
Danger Charters Sail, kayak, and snorkel aboard our traditional schooners.
Danger comes in all sizes, with or without safety locks.
Danger declines with distance.
Danger disappear past little auto searches.
Danger disappear past little baseball computer games.
Danger disappear past little birthday gift ideas for dads.
Danger exists for individuals under chronic stress who are at high risk for cardiovascular disease.
Danger exists on the downside.
Danger exists, but Noach is saved from it.
Danger Expresses a relative exposure to a hazard.
Danger flow during several internet however bleed clean teen chat rooms.
Danger follows in the form of an enraged husband and a nototious drug dealer.
Danger has aspects.
Danger improve Referrals to the candle inside few afternoon.
Danger indicates in one kiss but reserve backpacking backpacks.
Danger intensifies when the men seize the vehicle and drive off with the children on board.
Danger invites rescue.
Danger involves activities.
Danger is a condition
Danger is a daily hazard.
Danger is a fact of life understood by seasoned fishermen.
Danger is also a main consideration.
Danger is always around.
Danger is always just around the corner.
Danger is always near.
Danger is always present when the government stockpiles information on people.
Danger is areas.
Danger is around every corner, deception is practiced by everyone.
Danger is at hand if someone suddenly stops sweating in hot weather.
Danger is Black.
Danger is conditions.
Danger is created by impatient motorists who pass unsafely.
Danger is danger regardless.
Danger is dispelled by audience giggles.
Danger is due to effects of the current on the heart and direct heating effect.
Danger is especially high in the winter, when a vehicle gets stuck in snow.
Danger is ever present here as well due to the extremely steep nature of the region.
Danger is ever present here as well due to the extremely steepnature of the region.
Danger is ever present in the city that slept for over a thousand years.
Danger is ever present.
Danger is everywhere from legal risks to failing suppliers.
Danger is everywhere in rodeo.
Danger is everywhere.
Danger is extreme.
Danger is good.
Danger is greatest just after nightfall.
Danger is imminent.
Danger is in that report cards lead to simplistic way of looking at things.
Danger is in their middle name.
Danger is less if subject is active.
Danger is limited to blood, vomit, and man overboard.
Danger is located in roadblock.
Danger is located in war.
Danger is more risky.
Danger is nature's way of eliminating morons.
Danger is nature's way of eliminating stupid people.
Danger is near.
Danger is no problem.
Danger is no small part of the equation.
Danger is one thing, but reckless disregard is something else.
Danger is only a fantasy.
Danger is our inevitable fellow-traveller in the harshness of war.
Danger is our Number One Safety Problem.
Danger is palpable.
Danger is part of any racing.
Danger is part of the allure of racing.
Danger is part of the job.
Danger is part of the police world and so is the duty to protect, i.e., stop the danger.
Danger is real but risk is socially constructed.
Danger is real, but risk is socially constructed.
Danger is relative to difficulty level.
Danger is represented by a skull.
Danger is sexy now that life has become safer.
Danger is suspenseful and can be exciting and sometimes addicting.
Danger is the hook.
Danger is the most hazardous product.
Danger is the most highly toxic and is sometimes also labeled as poison.
Danger is the signal word for highly hazardous pesticides.
Danger is their middle name.
Danger is ubiquitous.
Danger is underscored by the worst chemical incident in history.
Danger is whether projects are coming to department after much thought, since services are free.
Danger isa condition.
Danger leads to strange meetings.
Danger lies ahead.
Danger lies in overreaction.
Danger lies in the double-stitched gi.
Danger lies on every side.
Danger looms around nearly every corner.
Danger looms however, when two suspicious men lurk in the bushes.
Danger lurks all about, beyond our closed eyes, but that is irrelevant.
Danger lurks around every corner.
Danger lurks at each river bend.
Danger lurks at every corner.
Danger lurks at every turn.
Danger lurks behind each corner.
Danger lurks behind every corner, a threat behind every wheel.
Danger lurks behind every,corner, and things are never what they seem.
Danger lurks even in peaceful waters, and human mistakes can occur in all circumstances.
Danger lurks everywhere for children.
Danger lurks everywhere in the underground maze.
Danger lurks everywhere.
Danger lurks for the unsupecting.
Danger lurks in deep shadows and darkened alleys.
Danger lurks in gardens and yards The Rogue Valley's mild climate makes gardening a major pastime.
Danger lurks inside industry changes in the form of superstores and high-tech computer technology.
Danger lurks near the airports so be careful.
Danger lurks on the path ahead.
Danger lurks where the rarity factor ceases to be at work.
Danger lurks within their power, waiting intensely for the zero hour.
Danger lurks, at every step.
Danger mainly lies in damaging the vehicle or being stranded without resources.
Danger makes one receptive to romance.
Danger means extremely corrosive, flammable or reactive or highly toxic.
Danger means purpose, budgets, publicity.
Danger means that a product is either highly toxic, flammable, or corrosive.
Danger means the product can cause severe eye damage or skin irritation.
Danger occurs when an unacceptable change is forced on an individual who has no hope to escape.
Danger occurs when the support system dwindles or disappears altogether.
Danger only comes into play when children forget to be careful.
Danger only comes to the playpen and watches with eyes and frowns of terror.
Danger owe Referrals inside few candle around all afternoon.
Danger pour Wrist despite desk across a bingo free indeed was between the stable.
Danger requires actions.
Danger requires emergency actions.
Danger requires immediate actions.
Danger returns to the sky.
Danger reveals weakness.
Danger screams through every second that passes.
Danger seems to come with indiscriminate application of process improvement strategies.
Danger spins on every curve.
Danger spots that deserve a closer look.
Danger stalks the darkness between the stars.
Danger tags each manoeuvre.
Danger takes into account movement capabilities, weapons used, armor and shielding and hit points.
Danger takes no summer holiday, however.
Danger tends to escalate the more the mainline a group is.
Danger there is, but only enough to add to the sense of adventure and thrill.
Danger there is.
Danger threads dark strands among the grains of sand.
Danger threatens from all sides.
Danger threatens survival.
Danger varies over time according to dosage, form, and method by which it is taken.
Danger waits for all who dare to approach.
Danger works the same way.
Dangers abound in such a strategy, but the results are far from preordained.
Dangers are unpredictable.
Dangers beset every path.
Dangers bring fears, and fears more dangers bring.
Dangers can increase as children become more mobile.
Dangers do exist in the BCWs production process, and delivery of such weapons is also difficult.
Dangers do, of course, present them- selves during the pursuit of science.
Dangers exist in any sexual situation.
Dangers exist in the sea, as with any environment for which humanity is poorly adapted.
Dangers Fear nothing except fear itself.
Dangers is a master of sound.
Dangers is a walking encyclopedia of musical history.
Dangers lurk around every corner, behind every bush.
Dangers lurk beyond the planet's atmospheric womb.
Dangers lurk everywhere.
Dangers lurk in many corners of the typical house.
Dangers lurk in one user masquerading as another.
Dangers lurk in waiting for the unwary.
Dangers make the job tricky.
Dangers outweigh any possible benefits.
Dangers result from molds, blocked flow, cavities, crusting and grain avalanches.
Dangers result from molds, blocked flow, cavities, crusting, and grain avalanches.
Dangers still lurk in aftershocks, however.
Dangers still persist where fuel is burnt and regulations on safety are imperative.
Dangers there are, yes.
Dangers Wait On Kings.
Dangers always arise when church and state collaborate.
Many dangers await.
Many dangers can shorten a cats life if they are let outdoors to roam free and unsupervised.
Many dangers exist for young saguaros.
Many dangers lie awaiting their journey through the world.
Many dangers lurk by the sandy seashores and their surrounding deep blue waters.
Many dangers remain.
Many dangers still exist.
Many dangers surround the lives of children and teenagers.
More danger is ahead.
Most danger affects health.
Most danger affects human health.
Most danger has aspects.
Most danger involves activities.
Most danger is on the right side with dense forest.
Most danger requires actions.
Most danger requires emergency actions.
Most danger requires immediate actions.
Most danger threatens survival.
Some danger arises from wind.
Some danger arises from winter wind.
Some danger associates with electricity.
Some danger associates with extinction.
Some danger associates with production.
Some danger associates with static electricity.
Some danger associates with thunderstorms.
Some danger associates with tornado.
Some danger faces countries.
Some danger faces families.
Some danger includes tornado.
Some danger is faced by snakes.
Some danger relates to exposure.
Some danger relates to heat exposure.
Some dangers are immediate.
Some dangers are new and some newly recognized.
Some dangers are so subtle that it takes a lifetime to recognize.
Dangerous activities are for people who cant handle dangerous thought.
Dangerous activities have dangerous consequences.
Dangerous Activity is a fabulous game which lacks only a set of instructions.
Dangerous advice is rampant.
Dangerous animals roam oceans.
Most dangerous animals roam oceans.
Some dangerous animals injure animals.
Some dangerous animals injure domestic animals.
Some dangerous animals kill domestic livestock.
Some dangerous animals kill livestock.
Dangerous bacteria can enter a cracked egg.
Dangerous behavior includes unpredictable behavior, emotional instability, and violent behavior.
Dangerous behavior Use plain language instead of numbers whenever possible.
Dangerous Books has a powerful and compelling sales letter .
Dangerous Books offers a range of payment options, including e-gold .
Dangerous chemicals are often mixed with ecstasy which causes bad reactions.
Dangerous chemicals can leach out of the rubbish as it rots, and can pollute watercourses.
Some dangerous chemicals find in oil.
Dangerous complications are bronchopneumonia and acute encephalopathy.
Dangerous concentrations can accumulate over long periods of time.
Some dangerous conditions affect mothers.
Some dangerous conditions affect nurse mothers.
Dangerous Content is material that encourages violence, drug use, or any kind of criminal activity.
Dangerous creatures can do damage.
Dangerous creatures can do much damage.
Dangerous Creatures employs four herpetologists who take care of the animals in the exhibit.
Dangerous Creatures features an ever present menu bar at the bottom of the screen.
Most dangerous creatures can do damage.
Most dangerous creatures can do much damage.
Dangerous currents are sometimes present near jetties.
Dangerous Curves is that rare romantic suspense story with just the right balance of both.
Dangerous Dogs are the result of dangerous owners.
Dangerous dogs fall under provisions of state law as well as city ordinance.
Dangerous drugs are cool.
Dangerous drugs have no medical purpose.
Dangerous drugs require a doctor's certificate.
Many dangerous drugs are medically available.
Most dangerous drunks have a record of drunkenness before they cause mortal damage.
Dangerous environments are abusive to children.
Dangerous environments place children of any age at risk of injury.
Dangerous foods are ones that allow for rapid and easy bacterial growth and reproduction.
Dangerous fun is had by all.
All dangerous game have to be pre-booked.
Most dangerous game is taken at short ranges.
Dangerous gaps exist in the food safety system.
Dangerous gases are present near the pit surface.
Some dangerous gases come from cars.
Dangerous Goods require special packaging, marking, labeling and documentation.
Dangerous Housewife Enter the realm . . .
Dangerous intruders cause the caterpillar to tap when they approach.
Dangerous intruders invade homes.
Most dangerous intruders invade homes.
Dangerous levels can produce such symptoms as nausea, vomiting, and other serious side-effects.
Dangerous Liaisons Click on the thumbnail to get a bigger picture.
Dangerous mammals avoid fire.
Most dangerous mammals avoid fire.
Some dangerous metals being introduced into the ocean are mercury, lead, and copper.
Dangerous motorists come under the spotlight in some of the papers.
Dangerous Moves is sort of the Swiss equivalent of a TV movie.
Dangerous objects are another hazard.
Some dangerous organisms cause diseases.
Dangerous people are quite capable of being good-looking and charming.
Dangerous people arouse our suspicion.
Dangerous people can be big or small, old or young.
Dangerous philosophies are often below the level of our awareness.
Dangerous places are.
Dangerous poison causes death.
Most dangerous poison causes death.
Dangerous pressures can develop in closed containers.
Dangerous rays penetrate clouds and haze.
Dangerous reactions can occur when some chemicals are mixed.
Dangerous reactions can occur when some materials are mixed.
Dangerous reactions can occur.
Dangerous Rubies Enter the U.S. Look out for radioactive rubies.
Dangerous sandstorms are just one of the many challenges to living in the desert.
Dangerous secrets are like time bombs.
Many dangerous sects try to behave like absolutely new or newly recreated groups.
Dangerous sinkholes exist, with the potential for more subsidence at any moment.
Dangerous sites lie close to dwellings.
Dangerous situations affect animals.
Dangerous situations are common for psych social workers and child protective workers.
Dangerous situations break out unexpectedly.
Dangerous situations can create legal liability.
Dangerous situations can develop in very small time frames.
Dangerous situations can have lasting detrimental effects.
Dangerous situations can occur with any use of drugs but they are more likely with illegal drugs.
Dangerous situations come up with soldiers wandering around.
Most dangerous situations affect animals.
Dangerous snakes produce venom.
Most dangerous snakes produce venom.
Some dangerous snakes have reputations.
Dangerous snow drifts from the storm pose additional threats.
Dangerous species found in Canadian waters include the great white, mako and oceanic whitetip.
Dangerous Spiders are beneficial creatures since they capture and consume many pest insects.
Most dangerous states are Georgia, Texas and Idaho.
Dangerous storms are more commonplace.
Dangerous storms are possible over most of northeast Kansas and northern Missouri tomorrow.
Dangerous supplement is still on the market.
Dangerous swells can occur during winter months with a prevailing westerlies.
More dangerous today are the software applications that reside on top of the operating system.
Dangerous tools are safest when properly sharpened, and used by experts.
Dangerous toxins are in shampoos .
Dangerous toys threaten childrens' safety.
Dangerous tyrants take power.
Dangerous undercurrents occur at several of India's beaches.
Dangerous vices can be harmful to the animal itself, to peers, or to humans.
Dangerous weather is dangerous weather, no matter who's flying the plane.
Dangerous wells continue to operate there.
Dangerous Wildlife Rattlesnakes.
Dangerous winds can often precede a hurricane by many hours.
Dangle earrings are approximately one inch long, with stone poking through back.
Dangle gum drops from the ceiling with fishing line.
Dangle merit raises over our heads.
Dangle wind chimes.
DANI staff measure the yield of grass just prior to each silage harvest.
Danish agriculture is therefore vulnerable to factors outside the control of Denmark.
Danish architecture is a perfect example.
Danish bank offers an array of financial services.
All Danish broads are willing .
Danish businesses use less on research and development than the European average.
Danish children use heavy glass markers to throw into the pattern.
Danish coffee is delicious.
Danish companies have three options as regards the allocation of shares to employees.
Danish company invents new products and produces special machines by customer order.
Many Danish companies pay little attention to the press in their on-line communication.
Most Danish companies require credit card payment from foreign clients.
Danish courts agree.
Danish danish nudists sexual nudists.
Danish dishes require high grade products.
Danish drama involves two boarding school chums falling in love.
Danish education is the system of folk high schools.
Danish engineers have a fine reputation as bridge builders.
Danish experts collaborate with local organisations and networks, local staff and local authorities.
Danish falconers travel abroad to practice their sport, and they do it regularly.
Danish families hang out in their kitchens, so the idea was to put the screen where people gather.
All Danish families speak English.
Danish farmers use a lot of fertilizer to help produce good crops.
Many Danish firms see enlargement as an open door to tempting new markets in the east.
Danish food relies heavily on fish, meat and potatoes.
Danish grammar is comparatively simple.
Danish hangers make a nice finished product at less expense than framing.
Danish industrialists scan investment atmosphere in Egypt.
Danish kings struggle with Swedish magnates over the relation to Germany.
Danish language is offered as an option.
Danish law gives no cause for objection.
Danish law permits forfeiture and seizure in drug-related criminal cases.
Danish law permits the seizure of proceeds from criminal activities in drug-related cases.
Danish lorries have to pay the charge annually for use of the entire Danish road network.
Danish manufacturing depends on imports of raw materials and components.
Danish midwives are public employees, employed by the counties in midwifery centres.
Danish minister promise more money to IT and accessibility to the disabled.
Danish money is in kroner.
Danish motorists are extremely courteous towards cyclists.
Danish nationals are visa-exempt to Brazil.
Danish optimism is fully justified.
Danish pastries are some of the best in the world and are very addictive.
Danish pastries make an occasional appearance at breakfast, as well.
Danish pastry is roll
Danish people are in Danish, germans in German etc.
Danish people like to go to the theaters and watch drama, ballet , opera, and modern dances.
Danish people like to see films.
Danish police continue their counternarcotics efforts.
Danish politicians prefer to deny all plans for future integration.
Danish ports have the shortest turn around times in Europe.
Danish ports offer both free-port and bonded warehousing facilities.
Many Danish programmers write their stuff in English in order to make it widely used.
Danish research suggests possibility.
Danish schools are institutions of advanced education.
Danish seine require a licence .
Danish strollers are huge.
Danish students can apply for financial assistance from their local municipalities.
Danish students tend to work more at home.
Danish studies indicate that bus drivers on busy routes and working longer hours die earlier.
Danish studies show that the people who eat the most oily fish have the clearest arteries.
Danish study shows wine aiding longevity.
Danish toys have a special place in the exhibition.
Danish traders do, however, deal in swordfish.
Danish translators contain Danish words, Danish currency, Danish phrases and Danish time.
Danish travelers are well acquainted with the United States.
Danish villagers learn through a variety of activities.
Dannon managers offer communication support, program development and management expertise.
Dannon yogurt is offered every day.
Daoist dragons symbolize the search for wisdom, happiness, and immortality.
Daoist priests do many other things.
A daphne is a bush
Daphne alpina, scent, ii.
Daphne also assumes responsibility for office finance and personnel.
Daphne also has over four years of sales experience in the telecommunications industry.
Daphne also produces mouth watering carrot cake, buttery shortbread and some seasonal vegetables.
Daphne also provides much of the book's humor.
Daphne didn t answer.
Daphne never does anything but stand around and look pretty.
Daphnes are nymph.
Daphnes are plants.
Daphnes are shrubs.
Daphnes benefit from an application of lime at planting time.
Daphnes do have drawbacks.
Daphnes require moist but well drained soil, resent pruning and having their roots disturbed.
Most Daphnes are three or four feet high, or so.
A daphnia is a crustacean
Daphnia are extremely sensitive to pesticides, metals, detergents, and bleaches.
Daphnia are extremely widespread and common throughout the world.
Daphnia are microscopic crustaceans that populate lakes and ponds throughout the world.
Daphnia are phenotypically very plastic.
Daphnia are represented worldwide as a number of different species.
Daphnia are small fresh water crustacean.
Daphnia are translucent and are usually amber or devoid of color.
Daphnia are very advanced microscopic creatures.
Daphnia display non-linear biophoton emission with increasing population density.
Daphnia eat by using feather like feet to kick food in their mouth.
Daphnia eat small aquatic plants.
Daphnia eat the infusoria and other microorganisms which grow in such water.
Daphnia feed by filtering plankton and microscopic debris from the water.
Daphnia feeds on bacteria, fine detritus and very small algae.
Daphnia give birth to live young, but the eggs are incubated in a brood pouch.
Daphnia have open circulatory systems .
Daphnia have open circulatory systems.
Daphnia live an average of one month.
Daphnia magna in a contaminated stream and in laboratory tests.
Daphnia reproduce rapidly.
Daphnia shows the influence of potassium chloride, lidocaine and cupric sulfate on the heart rate.
Daphnia use their large second antennae to swim, resulting in jerky movements through the water.
Daphnias are crustaceans.
Most Daphnia are cyclical parthenogens.
Some daphnia are advanced enough to burrow in the mud on the bottom of puddles and ponds.
Daphnid morphology deters fish predators.
A dapple is a marking
Dapples seem to be centers of networks of capillary arteries.
Dappled eyes are also possible.
Dappled goats climb the hillocks, nibbling the spiky tips of hawthorn bushes.
Dappled light can be a benefit or a curse, depending on the subject.
Dappled shade is produced by trees and creates a moving pattern of sunlight and shade.
Dappled sun is good.
Dappled sun is ideal for most ferns, and mulching the area helps increase humidity.
A dapsone is medicine
Dapsone can cause a variety of adverse effects most having to do with blood.
Dapsone has a long elimination half-life and undergoes enterohepatic recirculation.
Dapsone has many potential side effects, particularly on blood cells, and usually causes anemia.
Dapsone interferes with neutrophil infiltration and also suppresses neutrophil adherence.
Dapsone is a safe and effective alternative.
Dapsone is an antibiotic drug.
Dapsone is an antiinfective.
Dapsone is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste.
Dapsone is broken down by the liver.
Dapsone is effective in some patients with pemphigus erythematosus.
Dapsone is known for possible hematologic changes as a common side effect.
Dapsone is one of the most common causes for acquired methemoglobinemia.
Dapsone is taken for an indefinite period of time for PCP prevention.
Dapsone is taken in pill form.
Dapsone is the standard treatment.
Dapsone is the treatment of choice.
Dapsone is the usual treatment.
Dapsone is treatment of choice.
Dapsone passes into the breast milk.
Dapsones are antibacterial.
Dapsones are drugs.
DAR staff handle mice during cage changes with forceps soaked in povidone iodine disinfectant.
Darden division gives prestigious award to a vendor for the first time.
Darden executives go further.
Darden faculty can help researchers understand how to develop and fund a start-up company.
Darden faculty develop and write most of the cases used in the classroom.
Darden students are also quick to establish new organizations based on student interest.
Darden students receive considerable praise from fellow students for well crafted comments.
Dare County is located in northeastern North Carolina along the Atlantic.
Dare County is proud to have some of the finest schools in the state.
Dare County is the largest county in North Carolina.
A dare is challenge
Dares trust such power with so much piety.
A daredevil is an adventurer
Daredevil confronts a less than imposing supervillain.
Daredevil is number one.
Daredevils are adventurers.
Daredevils are the plungers who close their eyes to risk, ignore facts, and go ahead.
Daredevils arrive by moped and dozens are lined up behind the beach.
Daredevils commonly fail because they refuse to take precautions.
Daredevils do aerial maneuvers while jumping waves.
Daredevils never have it easy.
Daredevils perform hair-raising tricks in the air.
More daring candidates head toward the top of the company's projected range.
More daring reps take the hot potato master copy of the data on the road.
More daring users can offer their presentation live.
Dark adaptation is adaptation
Dark adaptation is adaptation.
Dark adaptation is an independent process in each eye.
Dark adaptation is far quicker and deeper in young people than the elderly.
Dark adaptation is impaired before photopic losses can be seen.
Dark adaptation is the recovery of many photopigment molecules in the receptor.
Dark aerosols lead to the increased absorption of solar radiation.
Dark age spots around mouth, green eyes.
Dark ages go into overtime.
Dark alcohol tends to contain a substance called cogeners.
Dark alleys inhabited by all sorts of mutated creatures are far too common here.
Dark area is only stain in the original protective finish.
Dark area represents protein.
Dark area shows the location of the active dosimeter.
Dark areas appear light and light areas appear dark.
Dark areas are basaltic lavas.
Dark areas are black sand.
Dark areas are devoid of cells.
Dark areas are earl beds.
Dark areas are fluid.
Dark areas are green-colored mud, inhabited by halophilic green algae.
Dark areas are ground and ocean surfaces.
Dark areas are high resistivity indicating the sandstone outcrop which surrounds the site.
Dark areas are islands.
Dark areas are lava fields and water.
Dark areas are locations that are dry, and the brighter areas show where the moisture is located.
Dark areas are lung tissue and light areas image the heart.
Dark areas are pores.
Dark areas are regions of current or recent volcanic activity.
Dark areas are relatively dry middle atmosphere regions where air is sinking.
Dark areas are very small and can be easily navigated.
Dark areas are warmer, indicating open water.
Dark areas are wet and soft.
Dark areas become darker.
Dark areas bordering the polar cap are fields of sand dunes .
Dark areas correspond to relatively higher pressure regions.
Dark areas have light bars and light areas have dark bars.
Dark areas indicate hard rock layers, while lighter areas show softer rock.
Dark areas indicate large gradients.
Dark areas indicate less moisture, or relatively drier air.
Dark areas indicate the higher temperature.
Dark areas remain dark.
Dark areas represent areas protected by kiln wading used to set pieces in the kiln.
Dark areas represent deforested surface.
Dark areas represent warm ground and ocean surfaces.
Dark areas resemble the blown out streamer belt.
Dark areas show extreme vegetation loss.
Dark areas show lower adhesion and lower stiffness.
Dark areas show where dry air is.
Some dark areas are permanent features, such as the huge ring of dunes around the north polar cap.
Dark backgrounds can be difficult to see.
Dark backgrounds hide dust particles.
Dark backgrounds look gloomy .
Dark backgrounds require a light or white color for text.
Dark backgrounds tend to detract from the readability of overlaying text and are discouraged.
Dark backgrounds work best.
Dark bags are the easiest to see.
Dark bands are regions of destructive interference.
Dark bands correspond to summer, making it possible to determine the season in which a mammoth died.
Dark bands develop at the probe sites.
Dark bands indicate reflective layers beneath the surface.
Dark bands run from each eye to the corners of the jaw.
Dark bands run up and down from the back fading into the belly.
Dark bars are female and light bars male.
Dark bars are more vivid than on the Southern Kingfish.
Dark bases cover the clay body quickly, but allow for little or no topical spray decorating.
Dark beaches are critical to sea turtle survival.
Dark beer is available.
Dark beer is rare and overly sweet.
Dark beers have a less dramatic effect on blood sugar levels.
Dark birds pick through the silent, polished tiers of knob and shank and curve.
Dark birds vary, but are mostly dark with light-colored flight feathers.
Dark bits are natural and the use of light emitting textures gives a polished, real world feel.
Dark black makes a secret place.
Dark blobs are masses of fungal hyphae in cortical cells of root.
Dark blobs represent nonsyntactic components of the language.
Dark blood flows from any part.
Dark blood is everywhere, as if lovingly airbrushed by a drunken madman.
Dark blotches appear after death, and the integument becomes very fragile and eventually ruptures.
Dark blotches appear along and below the lateral midline.
Some dark blotches appear on backs.
Some dark blotches appear on leaves.
Dark blue combined with bright, contrasting colors give a sharp, modern look.
Dark blue goes to the sending unit.
Dark blue is also acceptable, but is highly discouraged.
Dark blue is blue
Dark blue is blue.
Dark blue is deeper water, light blue is shallower water.
Dark blue is for horizontal edges, purple for the dark aircraft body and black for the land.
Dark blue is less than one standard deviation from the mean .
Dark blue is less than one standard deviation from the mean.
Dark blue is much better.
Dark blue is the color of love and joy .
Dark blue is the most desired colour.
Dark blues are good for calming and soothing and are extremely effective in karma reduction.
Dark blueness is all.
Dark bottoms absorb the sunlight and radiate heat.
Dark boulders are prominent against the reddish soil.
Dark boxes become ovens when exposed to the sun.
Dark boxes heat like ovens when exposed to the sun.
Dark bread is bread
Dark bread makes cheeks red, white bread makes people dead.
Dark brown indicates a previously existing state.
Dark browns are dominant to both cinnamon and pure white and are, therefore, far more numerous.
Dark cells are cells which have many of that species and brighter cells have little.
Dark cells produce a mucous-like secretion while clear cells make an aqueous secretion.
Dark cherry flavors with a long, spicy finish.
Dark chocolate can be either sweet or bitter-sweet depending on how much sugar is added.
Dark chocolate can last up to a year and a half to two years.
Dark chocolate contain a metabolite called flavonoids.
Dark chocolate contains about twice that amount.
Dark chocolate contains ingredients that lower blood pressure and fight disease .
Dark chocolate contains ingredients that lower blood pressure and fight disease.
Dark chocolate contains more chocolate liquor and cocoa butter giving it a more powerful taste.
Dark chocolate contains more phenolics than milk chocolate.
Dark chocolate contains more than three times more cancer-fighting antioxidants than tea by weight.
Dark chocolate contains nutrients.
Dark chocolate contains substances that coat the teeth to actually prevent decay.
Dark chocolate contains sugar, cocoa solids, and sometimes dairy butter, with cocoa butter removed.
Dark chocolate envelopes a succulent cherry.
Dark chocolate has higher concentrations of catechins due to higher levels of cocoa.
Dark chocolate has more than double that amount and cocoa powder has four times that amount.
Dark chocolate improves coronary vasomotion and reduces platelet reactivity.
Dark chocolate is chocolate with the cocoa butter still in it.
Dark chocolate is chocolate
Dark chocolate is extremely high in anti-oxidants.
Dark chocolate is made by combining chocolate liquor with sugar, cocoa butter, and vanilla.
Dark chocolate is made by mixing the separated cocoa butter with chocolate liquor and sugar.
Dark chocolate is made from cocoa liquor, cocoa butter, sugar, and flavourings.
Dark chocolate is made from cocoa, cocoa butter, and sugar.
Dark chocolate is the least sweet and has the strongest chocolate flavor .
Dark chocolate is the least sweet and has the strongest chocolate flavor.
Most dark chocolate contains nutrients.
Some dark chocolate contains little sugar.
Some dark chocolate contains sugar.
Dark circles are just deeply pigmented areas around the eyes .
Dark circles are one of the commonest beauty problems faced by women the world over.
Dark circles indicate yield significantly below maximum.
Dark City deserves to be watched again and again.
Dark City is a beautiful, grim, absorbing puzzle.
Dark City is a glorious, engaging motion picture that demands to be seen more than once.
Dark City is a movie with genuine rigour beneath the surface.
Dark City is one of the most ludicrous movies in years.
Dark City is rated R for violence and gore, nudity, and some light profanity.
Dark City is the latest in a line of science-fiction films cursed at the box office.
Dark City looks awesome.
Dark City opens by immersing the audience in the midst of a fractured, nightmarish narrative.
Dark City uses special effects so flawlessly, that many people forget that they are effects.
Dark cloth covers slight rubbed and spine with a couple of small chips.
Dark clothing attracts heat.
Dark clothing is best suited to a video interview.
Dark clothing is essential.
Dark cloud cover .
Dark cloud is at the door.
Dark clouds announce trouble.
Dark clouds appear on the horizon.
Dark clouds appear, lightening flashes and the storm is moving the trees of the wood.
Dark clouds are regions of high dust concentration.
Dark clouds are simply the proper backdrops for our best exercise of courage.
Dark clouds are usually deep and more extensive.
Dark clouds begin to form, and soon the rain falls.
Dark clouds block out the sun.
Dark clouds blot out the sky for months.
Dark clouds boil in the sky.
Dark clouds bring waters, when the bright bring none.
Dark clouds distil bright drops, and black earth grows gay flowers.
Dark clouds form and rain or hail falls.
Dark clouds gather on the horizon, littering the sky, auguring the birth of a tempest.
Dark clouds hang above.
Dark clouds hang low and fierce while jagged streaks of lightening slash across an angry sky.
Dark clouds hover over their heads.
Dark clouds hover.
Dark clouds move in.
Dark clouds obscure the sun.
Dark clouds produce precipitation.
Dark clouds roll in to release a brief but drenching shower.
Dark clouds roll in, a fierce wind arises, and the heavenly buckets tip.
Dark clouds sweep in from the sea.
Every dark cloud has a Latinum lining.
Every dark cloud has a silver lining, as they say.
Every dark cloud has a silver lining.
Most dark clouds produce precipitation.
Dark coats descend from above which the dancers put on like death coats.
Most dark colas contain phosphoric acid, which is known to leach calcium out of our bones.
Dark color impedes light penetration.
Dark color indicates abundant diatoms within the blue-green algal felt.
Dark color indicates soil contains much nitrogen and organic matter.
Dark color is color.
Dark color provides contrast, making it easier to work with light colored foods.
Dark colors absorb a lot more heat than lighter ones because they absorb more light energy.
Dark colors absorb heat and are more likely to suffer from moisture problems.
Dark colors absorb heat while light colors reflect it.
Dark colors absorb heat, which warms the chilly spring soil.
Dark colors absorb heat.
Dark colors absorb light and require higher bulb wattages.
Dark colors absorb light energy.
Dark colors absorb light.
Dark colors absorb more heat than lighter ones.
Dark colors absorb sunlight, and light colors reflect sunlight back out to space.
Dark colors absorb the heat.
Dark colors absorb the sunlight, so packing white or light-colored clothes is a smart idea.
Dark colors absorb the sun's rays.
Dark colors absorb visible light and convert the light energy into heat.
Dark colors add depth to the garden and accent brighter colors.
Dark colors are also a great way to hide radiators and other eyesores.
Dark colors are best.
Dark colors are best-stay away from white and tan.
Dark colors are better because they are going to the homeless.
Dark colors are concentrated and serious in their effect.
Dark colors are dominant and lambs often darken in color as they age.
Dark colors are eye-catching, but also tiring to the eye.
Dark colors are harder to see.
Dark colors are magical tamers, but don t choose a suit too plain.
Dark colors are more expensive than lighter colors.
Dark colors are still pale.
Dark colors are still preferred in professional clothing especially for men.
Dark colors are typical - black pants are essential.
Dark colors can be somber and depressing.
Dark colors can be too hot to sit on.
Dark colors can be very soothing and can work well even in very small rooms.
Dark colors can reduce visibility in a room.
Dark colors capture heat and make most people more attractive to mosquitoes.
Dark colors combined with a LED multi colored light is a million dollar look that few can resist.
Dark colors disappear.
Dark colors fall last, masking the imperfections with each subsequent layer.
Dark colors generate more video noise, which compresses poorly.
Dark colors give more protection.
Dark colors give the best effect.
Dark colors have a raised appearance much like a silkscreen.
Dark colors heat better than lighter ones.
Dark colors hinder light reflection.
Dark colors hold heat better than do light colors.
Dark colors hold more heat from the sun.
Dark colors indicate problems here.
Dark colors indicate problems.
Dark colors interfere with bar code reading.
Dark colors liked by the team include black, midnight blue, dark red, maroon, and silver.
Dark colors look dithered.
Dark colors make the room look smaller than it really is.
Dark colors offer more protection than light colors.
Dark colors provide more protection than light colors.
Dark colors represent cool, downflowing gas, and light areas are warm and upflowing.
Dark colors represent gyttja while light-colors represent inorganic terrestrial sediment.
Dark colors represent high acoustic power at a given time and frequency.
Dark colors reproduce better.
Dark colors require a lot of white to get to a light color, so start mixing from lighter to dark.
Dark colors require an exacting techniques, and any wobbly edges are highly noticable.
Dark colors seem to be producing the best results.
Dark colors show better silhouettes against the sky when worked near the surface.
Dark colors show dirt less.
Dark colors show estrous females and alpha males.
Dark colors swirl through the collaged pieces, and splashes of color emerge throughout.
Dark colors take longer.
Dark colors tend to absorb sunlight, and light colors tend to reflect sunlight back out to space.
Dark colors tend to absorb sunlight, trapping the heat that warms the planet.
Dark colors tend to create the feeling of being closed in.
Dark colors tendto crock more than light colors.
Some dark color absorbs energy.
Some dark color absorbs radiant energy.
Some dark color absorbs radiation.
Some dark color represents areas.
Most dark colorations begin to lighten after four weeks of treatment.
Some dark coloration absorbs heat.
Dark coloring is removed by adding sulphuric acid and then it is filtered with bone charcoal.
Dark colours absorb light, while light colours reflect it.
Dark colours absorb more radiant heat than lighter colours.
Dark colours absorb much more heat than light colours.
Dark colours are bad and unnerving.
Dark colours are fairy dust winds.
Dark colours have dark eyes and legs, paler colours have red eyes and white legs.
Dark colours indicate high intensity and high line ratio.
Dark colours prevent light reflection.
Dark colours show underdense regions, bright colours are overdense.
Dark colouring is removed by adding sulphuric acid and then it is filtered with bone charcoal.
A dark comedy is a comedy
Dark comedies are among the most overused genres in Hollywood.
Dark concretions range from none to common.
Some dark contamination is visible below the canister.
Dark costumes are also hard to see at night on our poorly lit roads.
Dark crayons work best.
Dark current is electrons generated by the electronics of the camera.
Dark current is linear with time for relatively short exposures.
Dark current is spurious charge that builds up in each pixel on the CCD during exposure.
Dark current is the electric current caused by background noise.
Dark current is the physically more complicated form of noise.
Dark days are great for big dark baitfish patterns.
Every dark day has a silver lining.
Many dark days are ahead and the hardness of their hearts has reached the heavens.
Dark denim is fine or light blue.
Dark denim shorts.
Dark deposits are probably sand or dust.
Dark digits appear in the active areas.
Dark dip sauces make from vinegar.
Dark dish is served hot spuzz.
Dark dot represents the obstacle.
Dark dots are nuclei.
Dark dots represent unit centers of mass.
Dark dots represent where actual samples of alewives taken.
Dark dramas are most often about the prisoner's dilemma.
Dark drapery offsets the width considerably.
Dark drones follow each other, mixed with some surrounding noises and very distant beats.
Dark dungeons await.
Dark ears are preferred.
Dark elves associate with orcs and goblins.
Dark elves have a high mana pool with less melee penalties than erudites pay.
Dark energy is an interesting problem.
Dark energy is just a basic feature of the universe.
Dark energy is manipulated using the extremely rare material element zero .
Dark energy is seductive, exciting and magnetic.
All dark entities come down in darkness.
Dark environments come to life thanks to advanced real-time lighting effects.
Dark exterior makes it hard to tell if the place is open.
Dark eye rims for preference.
Dark eyes are preferred and seen more often in the black spotted dogs.
Dark eyes are preferred.
Dark eyes do enhance expression, but true black eyes are undesirable.
Dark eyes rule.
Dark eyes sit deep in a face of character lines.
Dark eyebrows lift.
Dark fantasy is basically horror's smarter sister.
Dark feathers have tips.
Most dark feathers have tips.
Most dark features are old and refrozen ice cracks.
Dark feelings encourage sensitivity.
Dark fiber is a very simple technology.
Dark fiber is the actual cable without the electronic equipment needed to transmit communications.
Dark fiber is unused fiber through which no light or signals are passing.
Dark fiber refers to fiber optic cable that has no light passing through it.
Dark flecks are visible in infected sapwood near the bark in cross sections of twigs.
Dark flooring is harder to keep clean.
Dark foliage is the perfect foil for the white blossoms.
Dark foods require more food coloring and tend to look moldy when colored.
Dark forces abound to banish religious references from our culture.
Dark forces are everywhere today.
Dark forces work to tear the couple apart as they struggle with their growing love for each other.
Dark forests hold greater dangers than wolves and greater wealth than fire wood.
Dark forms are common but red, green or light brown larvae also occur.
Dark frames are more an art than science, with many techniques used to obtain darks.
Dark fruit melds with roasty, burnt, almost tar-like sensations.
Dark fruit supports it all.
Dark fruits are present when mature.
Dark geese are Canada and white-fronted.
Some dark geese have wings.
Dark glasses are helpful, but contact lenses are contraindicated.
Dark glasses are the commonest aid.
Dark geese have glands.
Dark geese have salt glands.
Dark granite is harder to maintain than lighter granite.
Dark gray is memory used, light is how big the partition is.
Dark gray is the best followed by light gray, cinnamon brown and white.
Dark gray is the most common color.
Dark gray is the period during which the actual document is modified.
Dark green plants have branches.
Dark green vegetables contain amounts.
Dark green vegetables provide carbohydrates.
Dark green is a dark shade of green.
Dark green is best, red is worst.
Dark green is brown.
Dark green is for prototype.
Dark green is in along with silver, but gold, wacky purples and yellows are definitely out.
Dark green is intact forest, light green young second-growth forest and red is pasture or bare soil.
Dark green is masculine, conservative, and implies wealth.
Dark green is often popular for logos and signboards.
Dark green is relatively high.
Dark green is the industrial and commerce area covered up till now.
Dark green seems to have been the most popular color and most satisfactory.
Dark greens are a good source of vitamin A and vitamin C .
Dark greens are generally best, keep spinach to a minimum.
Dark greens have more of an olive tone and emerge as classic colors.
Dark grey indicates shuffling, whereas light grey indicates no change in symbiont community.
Dark hair absorbs more laser energy and is easier to treat.
Dark hair looks good against pale clothes, and light hair against dark clothes.
Dark honey has distinctive bold flavors.
Some dark honey contains levels.
Dark hop focuses more on the influence of hip-hop culture on current electronic music.
Dark hop is especially interested in instrumental music with minimal yet strong rhythmic structures.
Dark horns break the skin and their coloring darkens.
Dark house spearing for northern pike is another popular activity.
Dark humor abounds about the cruel ironies of living in a place that prides itself on efficiency.
Dark inclusions tend to lower clarity grades more than colorless or white inclusions.
Dark influence is a powerful, destructive, and yet subtle thing.
Dark integrations are probably unnecessary for most applications.
Dark islands lie on the horizon and thickly-forested hills rise to the west.
Dark lanes are clouds of interstellar dust that hide the bright nebula beyond.
Dark lanes cross the image and represent dense dust filaments.
Dark lanes seen in the Milky Way are real features familiar to astronomers.
Dark laughs begin to flow.
Dark layers are ready to use.
Dark leather is stiff but solid.
Dark leaves allow the plant to absorb more heat from the sun in the cold tundra climate.
Dark leaves make a tight mound of foliage.
Dark lesions are sometimes visible on the stem at or near ground level.
Dark lesions develop on the stems neat the water line.
Dark level is updated for all frames.
Dark lighting creates the proper mood for intense discussion or the swapping of scoops.
Dark line is laser light sheet.
Dark line stretches along the spine.
Dark lines are contact lines which separate different geologic units.
Dark lines become optical as they are playing against white.
Dark lines form where two individual lichens meet.
Dark lines hold crusty paint, forming edges of squares or rectangles.
Dark lines indicate phylogenetic relationships.
Dark lines outline the hexagonal scales.
Dark lines represent paths between progressive saccades.
Dark lines show mapped or inferred faults, while the shaded line shows a hypothesized shear zone.
All dark lines are railroads.
Dark lords have senses.
Most dark lords have senses.
Dark magic is anything that does harm.
Dark men pace the corridors quietly.
Dark marble is harder than light or white marble.
Dark marks represent bright areas.
Dark markings appear above knees on backside of forelegs.
Dark mater is the final answer in problem of flatness.
Dark material exists.
Dark materials appear in flows and on caldera floors.
Dark matter can also affect the path of light.
Dark matter causes light to bend without blurring.
Dark matter consists as an unidentified substance that interacts only slightly with ordinary matter.
Dark matter distorts galaxies .
Dark matter does indeed exist in the outskirts of the Milky Way galaxy.
Dark matter is a form of matter that neither emits or absorbs light.
Dark matter is a hot topic of research.
Dark matter is a substance accelerated over velocity of light.
Dark matter is also essential for cosmology.
Dark matter is believed to exist although it has never been seen because it emits no radiation.
Dark matter is described as an invisible glue that holds the universe together.
Dark matter is found wherever 'normal' matter, such as the stuff that makes up galaxies, is found.
Dark matter is invisible object in space that is also called missing matter.
Dark matter is invisible.
Dark matter is located in universes.
Dark matter is located near galaxy.
Dark matter is matter
Dark matter is measured with gravitational lenses.
Dark matter is needed to produce the strong bending of light.
Dark matter is shown in black, gas in red and stars in blue.
Dark matter is still little understood, although it has been theorized for decades.
Dark matter is substances.
Dark matter is transparent and emits no light.
Dark matter is undetectable because it emits no measurable radiation.
Dark matter remains an enigma to science.
Dark matter searches.
Dark matter seems an equally appropriate term for an analogous situation in Web space.
Dark matter seems to be a small component or absent in some places.
Some dark matter is in the form of planets orbiting stars.
Dark meat can be strong-tasting and tough.
Dark meat can stand up to longer cooking times than white meat.
Dark meat can stand up to porters and stouts.
Dark meat has a lot more fat.
Dark meat has more fat than white, but also more B vitamins, iron, zinc and other nutrients.
Dark meat has more fat than white, but also more B vitamins, iron, zinc, and other nutrients.
Dark meat has nutrients.
Dark meat has other nutrients.
Dark meat holds up well in rich marinades and is a perfect choice for grilling and barbecuing.
Dark meat holds up well in rich marinades.
Dark meat is generally steady with better demand noted for first of the month activity.
Dark meat is meat
Dark meat is meat.
Dark meat is muscle with a greater blood supply and a supply of fat.
Dark meat is part of birds.
Dark meat is part of drumsticks.
Dark meat is slightly higher than pork both in calories and in fat.
Dark meat takes longer to cook thank white.
Most dark meat has nutrients.
Most dark meat has other nutrients.
Dark metal is used when making tarts and light metal is best used when making cakes or cookies.
Some dark meter's behind it all.
Dark minds find darkness in all sorts of situations.
Dark minerals are usually biotite and amphibole.
Dark minerals occur as phenocrysts and in the lamprophyre groundmass.
Dark moles can change and become more dangerous.
Dark moon is the ultimate in no energy or power, therefore is used for introspection or divination.
Dark mulch is especially good at keeping the soil warm and moist.
Dark mysteries bring great blessings.
Dark nails are preferred.
Dark nails are trickier, though.
Dark nails have a faint line and dull colour where the quick begins.
Dark navy cover.
Dark nebulae are big blobs of gas or dust in outer space.
Dark nebulae are clouds of dust which are simply blocking the light from whatever is behind.
Dark nebulae are just that - dark.
Dark nebulae are propably the least observed objects.
Dark nebulae are the only nebulae dense and cool enough to allow stars to form.
Dark nebulae follow the same notation except that the lines are dashed.
Dark nebulas absorb light.
Most dark nebulas absorb light.
Dark negatives appear lighter and more transparent.
Dark negatives appear lighter and transparent which makes focusing easier.
Dark night overwhelms even a holy day.
Dark objects absorb more heat than shiny objects, providing more heat to the heating system.
Dark objects absorb visible light.
Dark objects appear dark because they absorb more light and reflect less.
Dark objects placed in bright sunlight can absorb the sunlight and heat up.
Dark objects reflect less light and have a lower albedo than light-colored objects.
Dark ocean water absorbs sunlight.
Dark oil is from Chinese seed, light oil is from Chile.
Dark olive is found almost exclusively in the ocean against the beach.
Dark ones lie .
Dark ones show up lines and wrinkles.
Dark orange means the person is on a power-trip.
Dark pans absorb more heat than light ones and cook cakes faster.
Dark papyrus is aged in water longer than normal to achieve a darker color and less solid sheet.
Dark passions subdue.
Dark patches are air bubbles.
Dark patches are due to absorbing dust clouds.
Dark patches can be the result of leaf shine or watering with cold water.
Dark patches mark their face, legs, thighs and hips.
Dark patches occur on pear leaves in mid- summer.
Some dark patches affect magnetism.
Some dark patches affect terrestrial magnetism.
Some dark patches contain dirt.
Some dark patches have margins.
Some dark patches help glare.
Dark pattern marks shelf areas.
Dark phase is the most common optical method used for viewing living cells.
Dark pigment attracts and retains heat more than lighter colors.
Dark pine absorbs sunlight.
Most dark pine absorbs sunlight.
Dark pixels are lower, bright pixels are higher.
Dark pixels show hotter regions than white.
Dark places are more apt to be damp than brightly lighted areas.
Dark pots change the light from the sun into heat energy.
Dark purple cuts a path through fields of red and blue.
Dark rays form when clouds cast their shadows on the surrounding air.
Dark reactions occur in the stroma.
Dark red flowers bloom in summer.
Dark red indicates the highest scores, and dark blue indicates scores approaching zero.
Dark red is anger, resentment, lust, and exploding temper.
Dark red is now light red, dark green is light green, dark blue is light blue and vice versa.
Dark red is red
Dark red is red.
Dark red is where heat is the dominant mechanism.
Dark red means a player owned by somebody else.
Dark regions are locations near the cloud tops where the level of sulfur dioxide is greatest.
Dark regions are sunspots, light are plages.
Dark regions indicate high geoid anomaly, and light regions indicate low geoid anomaly.
Dark respiration taking place in plants is independent of the presence of light.
Some dark respiration shows large spikes.
Some dark respiration shows spikes.
Dark rides are tough.
Dark rift brings out the best in people.
Dark rims are desirable.
Dark rings are also present in the roots.
Dark rings encircle the tail.
Dark rivers running to the sea, green leaves cover the trees.
Dark roads are extremely dangerous, for pedestrians and animals.
Dark roasts are good bitter.
Dark roasts are intentionally bitter.
Dark roasts are seductive, and dark-roasted beans do make the best espresso.
Many dark roasts have a rich-body, moderate to low acidity and robust flavor.
Dark room Hire including some assistance if required.
Dark rooms are well equipped for conventional photography and autoradiography.
Dark rooms feel dreary so keep the draperies open to let the sun shine in through sparkling windows.
Dark rooms feel small and gloomy.
Dark rooms lead to inattention, occasional sleeping, and they make it impossible to take notes.
Dark rooms lead to inattention, occasional sleeping, and theymake it impossible to take notes.
Dark rooms look small and are unappealing to buyers.
Dark rum is more aromatic and has a richer flavour than light rum.
Dark sapphires show fewer inclusions but lack the fire and brilliance of their lighter counterparts.
Dark scales are scattered across the body.
Dark scenes are dimly lit and are projection sensitive even in the theater.
Dark scenes are the hardest scenes to light and record on film.
Dark scenes contain respectable shadow detail and limited appreciable film grain.
Dark secrets burn their vessel.
Dark secrets lurk behind every door revealing the secret of the dreaded house.
Dark section is path of last year's hurricane.
Dark sequences have marvelous detail and exquisite, inky blacks that appear very natural.
Dark shades belong to high charge density and high damping.
Dark shades depict the lower elevations.
Dark shades mean strong absorption, lighter shades mean less absorption.
Dark shades show up flaws in painting far more than lighter or natural shades.
All dark shades do thee command in shadows rich in Hades land.
Dark shadows appear nearly as black as space.
Dark shadows are clean black and the darker colors have fine color hues.
Dark shadows cover their eyes and genitals.
Dark shadows obscure much of the crater wall in the background.
Dark shadows reduce light.
Most dark shadows reduce light.
Dark shaft streaks on breast feathers give overall dark breasted appearance.
Dark shapes emerge from the tamarisk thickets along the Colorado River.
Dark shingles absorb much more radiant heat from the sun than light ones do.
Dark shoes are appropriate.
Dark shoes are traditional for academic dress.
Dark side has one other problem if they are trying to maximize their podracing theme.
Dark skin absorbs heat.
Dark skin absorbs no more heat than light skin does.
Dark skin absorbs some of the light, which can cause burns.
Dark skin confers heat tolerance.
Dark skin has higher amounts of pigment than lighter skin.
Dark skin is a complicating factor in the laser removal of port-wine stains .
Dark skin is no more oily than light skin.
Dark skin is physiologically different from Caucasian skin has peculiar needs.
Dark skin promotes vitamin D synthesis.
Dark skin protects against skin cancer.
Dark skin reflects heat just as white skin does.
Most dark skin absorbs heat.
Some dark skin absorbs energy.
Some dark skin surrounds eyes.
Dark skies are an endangered species.
Dark skies are essential for observing most galaxies.
Dark skies are essential.
Dark skies fall on black earth and ivory.
Dark skies turn into blue.
Dark sky is the result of burning oil wells.
Dark slide is free.
Dark smoke forms dense clouds, visible from long distances.
Dark smoke is better than white smoke since it absorbs the light and blends in with ground objects.
Dark smudges surrounding brown eyes create a 'big-eyed' effect.
Dark snow goes uphill in narrower runnels on mountains hazed into distance.
Dark socks are great for mountain biking, too.
Dark soils absorb heat, increasing rates of loss.
Dark spaces are psychologically depressing.
Dark spaces indicate resin filled section.
Dark spots are natural things.
Dark spots are on the sides.
Dark spots are pools of molten sulfur.
Dark spots are sunspots.
Dark spots are usually few and confined to the fins.
Dark spots occur over the head, body and fins.
Dark spots represent positively hybridizing recombinant clones.
Many dark spots die out without progressing any further.
Some dark spots appear on fins.
Some dark spots help digestion.
Dark squares correspond to regions where it is harder for breakdown to occur.
Dark squares indicate that the respective hardware stage is used at a certain clock cycle.
Dark stains surround light fixtures.
Dark stars are invisible because they have no light.
Dark stools can be a sign of internal bleeding.
Dark storage is also important for children's school portraits.
Dark storms loom on the horizon, and fear is changing the shape of the planet.
Dark strawberries have a base feather color of pale gray rather than white.
Dark streaks appear on the ice cap.
Dark streaks indicate recent movement of sand.
Dark streaks occur inside infected stems and roots.
Dark streaks occur inside the lower stem.
Dark streaks occur inside the stem.
Dark stripes mean cold weather while light ones mean mild weather.
Dark stripes run from behind the eyes to the corner of the mouth.
Some dark stripes extend from backs.
Some dark stripes extend from chins.
Some dark stripes extend from edges.
Some dark stripes extend from mouths.
Some dark stripes extend from shoulders.
Some dark stripes run across bellies.
Some dark stripes run down spines.
Dark subjects suffer the most quality loss.
Dark suits are everywhere, as are outfits featuring pearls, worsted skirts, and silk blouses.
Dark sunglasses are an excellent way to avoid eye contact.
Dark surfaces absorb radiation more than light ones.
Dark surfaces can collect more heat than light surfaces.
Dark terrain is higher ground.
Dark themes dominate.
Dark themes pervade the comic book industry too.
Dark themes seem to be so taboo.
Any dark thought is washed away into nothingness.
Dark thread is 'rougher' than the lighter colors.
Dark tips are common.
Dark tobacco goes in the inside, light tobacco on the outside.
Dark toenails are desirable.
Dark tones appear nicely deep, but the shadow detail can be weak.
Dark tones are best for high-traffic areas, especially near entrances.
Dark tones are cold.
Dark tones are electric and women are city chic with colors that pop and radiate energy.
Dark tones create a somber or contemplative mood.
Dark tones dull the appetite.
Dark traces indicate particles initially trapped in the array.
Dark trajectories are part of the crystal and light are in the fluid.
Dark trousers are more common than jeans, which are more common than chinos.
Dark trousers make the transition from business to casual.
Dark type creates too great a contrast between the text and the paper.
Dark type is desirable.
All dark type is quoted from the article.
Dark urine is a sure indication of poor hydration.
Dark urine is a sure indication of poor hyrdation.
Dark urine is bad, light urine is good.
Dark urine is too concentrated, reflecting an overall lack of water flowing through the body.
Dark urine Occurs in certain cases.
Some dark urine indicates presence.
Dark values appear darker and light values lighter when placed next to each other.
Dark values are repeatable and can be subtracted out.
Dark veins are translucent in light.
Dark violet sytles.
Dark walls absorb more light and reflect less.
Dark walls absorb the light.
Dark water absorbs sunlight.
Dark water hides blood flowing cold in the lake's tides.
Most dark water absorbs sunlight.
Dark wheat has a light body, yet it is full of rich roast flavor.
Some dark wings have bands.
Dark wood is everywhere, from the walls to the tables and high-back booths.
Dark wood lines the walls, accented by gold brocade.
Dark wood offsets the shiny hardwood floors in the clean establishment.
Dark wood paneling no longer lines the walls of the lobby.
Dark wood reigns throughout, and Victorian curtains drape from a dimly lit crystal chandelier.
Dark wood tends to become lighter, light wood eventually becomes darker.
Dark woods are especially popular.
Dark woods seem forbiding at night.
Dark woodwork sets the tone, and the dining room rocks each night.
A dark is illumination
Darks are darkly or boldly colored items.
Darkened buttons indicate that other pages have been attached.
Darkened flesh is a result of external bruising before storage.
Darkened lines indicate pauses during fill.
Darker bars mark wartime expansions.
Darker cats require less coat to keep warm since they absorb more heat from the sun.
Darker clouds loom on the horizon and the ominous rumble of thunder threatens in the distance.
Darker color is preferred.
Darker colors absorb comparatively more light.
Darker colors absorb heat.
Darker colors absorb light and thus retain heat, warming a room.
Darker colors absorb radiant heat while lighter colors reflect radiant heat.
Darker colors absorb sunlight and heat, as well as make it darker inside the tent.
Darker colors block more sunlight than lighter colors.
Darker colors correspond to brighter objects.
Darker colors correspond to higher count rates.
Darker colors dry more slowly because they contain the solvent glycol.
Darker colors form the shadows and lighter colors are the highlights.
Darker colors give the impression of decreasing the size of facial features.
Darker colors indicate exceptional quality, lighter colors a lack in quality.
Darker colors indicate increased diatom abundance.
Darker colors indicate slowest velocity while lighter colors indicate faster velocities.
Darker colors look better with deep backgrounds and dark hair or complexions.
Darker colors offer more protection than lighter colors.
Darker colors produce more masking while lighter colors produce less.
Darker colors refer to larger values.
Darker colors represent drier air while bright colors represent moist air.
Darker colors represent higher wind velocity, which is measured in in knots.
Darker colors require approx.
Darker colors reuqire more maintenance.
Darker colors seem to accentuate color variations with results appearing more pronounced.
Darker colors seem to be the best to use.
Darker colors seem to work best.
Darker colors tend to be expansive while lighter colors tend to be constrictive.
Darker colors tend to block more sun.
Darker colors tend to make already small rooms look even smaller.
Darker colors tend to show lint and accumulated dust more readily than light or medium colors.
Darker colors work best.
Darker colors work with darker clothes and frosts, glosses and mattes all look current.
Some darker colors make rooms look smaller, show traffic patterns quicker.
Some darker colors require lighter-colored lettering to be readable.
Darker colours are more formal.
Darker colours have power.
Darker colours indicate drier air while moisture in the air is seen as white.
Darker display indicates higher amplitude audio.
Darker eyes are preferred.
Darker grains have a higher Lovibond measure, and contribute more color to brewed beer.
Darker grey means more and heavier clouds.
Darker grey means more precipitation.
Darker images seem to hide the spot.
Darker intervals have higher densities, susceptibilities and generally higher organic carbon values.
Darker liquors contain cogener s, which for some reason seem to intensify hangover symptoms.
Darker moths become more prominent because they blended in better with the soot.
Darker ones survive well.
Darker photos form shadows and lighter ones produce brightness.
Darker points correspond to earlier terms in the generated sequence.
Darker points lead to an increase.
Darker regions imply higher annual precipitation and snow accumulation.
Darker regions occur where cooler plasma is sinking to the interior.
Darker regions represent greater specimen thickness.
Darker regions signify a greater probability.
Darker scenes tend to be muddy and the black level is wanting.
Darker shade implies higher densities and lighter implies lower.
Darker soil has more organic matter, a good thing.
Darker stones are masculine, lighter ones are feminine.
Darker stones etch more noticeably.
Darker teas steep longer.
Some darker themes are also explored.
Darker values have a more advancing quality.
Darker walls can give the illusion of enclosure of the floor and make it seem smaller still.
Darker wood can take up to two weeks for the true color to become apparent.
Darkfield condensers are available for special applications.
Darkfield illumination is interesting because it shows many of the minute details.
Darkfield illumination used with stained cellulose lacquer peels shows many interesting aspects.
Darkfield microscopy is the leading edge for blood demostration.
Many darkling beetles have a very interesting defense mechanism.
Darkness adds another element that can be confusing to a new driver.
Darkness again lies across the face of the world.
Darkness aids the burglar.
Darkness also can impair judgment.
Darkness also provides natural cover.
Darkness appear within a mail although stroke autographed sport memorabilia.
Darkness appear within a mail although stroke plane ticket.
Darkness arise away little soup tureens.
Darkness arrives. . . .
Darkness becomes dogmatic, silence prevails over everything.
Darkness begins to settle in.
Darkness brings a different feel to the air, and it brings out a different kind of person.
Darkness brings solemnness and some fright.
Darkness brings to the child the extinction of all that it knows, of all on which it has relied.
Darkness can be a transforming and thus a healing place.
Darkness can be just as damaging to human beings as solitary confinement.
Darkness can be very frightening, particularly when it is unexpected.
Darkness can bring about neuroses and psychoses - anxiety.
Darkness can only exist where there is an absence of light.
Darkness can protect as well as threaten.
Darkness can truly amplify even small conditions into exciting moments.
Darkness carries powerful symbolic weight.
Darkness causes fear.
Darkness causes inner misery, unhappiness, lack of peace.
Darkness claims the day and celebrates.
Darkness closes in as the batteries die.
Darkness comes like a thief in the canyon.
Darkness comes on fast.
Darkness comes quickly, and gnats and mosquitoes invade.
Darkness comes soon because of few streetlight.
Darkness conceals it.
Darkness covers the earth and gross darkness the people.
Darkness covers the earth now and it has grown.
Darkness covers the earth, and gross darkness the people.
Darkness covers the earth.
Darkness covers the land, and silence reigns.
Darkness covers the land.
Darkness covers the other things.
Darkness creeps away.
Darkness deals with self worth in a negative response to life.
Darkness defines the surroundings.
Darkness descends as cadets continue the raising.
Darkness descends like a blanket upon the valley.
Darkness descends, and the warriors bring the maiden to their master's tent.
Darkness despises logic.
Darkness disappears and gets out of the way when the light is turned on.
Darkness dissipates with the light.
Darkness does nothing to receive light or prepare for the light.
Darkness drives the white house under that maple.
Darkness embosses it mark on precious life.
Darkness ends the game after twelve innings.
Darkness engulfs a capacity-filled luxury hotel ballroom.
Darkness enhances solitude, canceling the distractions of sight, concentrating the mind wonderfully.
Darkness enhances the clarity of cool undergrowth and the long, slender lone tree.
Darkness enjoy Information except desert among no cheap big bertha when spread since most soldier.
Darkness enters people's consciousness because of their attachment to material grossness.
Darkness erases all the day's colours,the day's blood.
Darkness exists only where there is no light, and error advances only where there is ignorance.
Darkness exists wherever there is an absence of light.
Darkness falls across the land.
Darkness falls as the poets, safe from the fire, lie down on the steps to rest until daybreak.
Darkness falls at night.
Darkness falls early here now, and the evening was still young when the caroling party broke up.
Darkness falls in that house without light or water.
Darkness falls on the Beast's kingdom.
Darkness falls on the city, it's time to go to bed.
Darkness falls on the city.
Darkness falls over the building site.
Darkness falls over the Elite universe.
Darkness falls quickly and daybreak is just as sudden.
Darkness falls suddenly.
Darkness falls unto.
Darkness falls, and buildings glow under floodlights.
Darkness falls, and ducks cast eerie shadows on the water as they stretch their wings.
Darkness falls, and the creatures take to the air.
Darkness falls, And upon the town - Another innocent child drowned.
Darkness falls, fast.
Darkness feels more absolute on the water.
Darkness fetters the Soul .
Darkness fetters the Soul.
Darkness fills all the space.
Darkness fills all the spaces.
Darkness fills the cab until the orange light of the vigilance device blinks.
Darkness fills the field like ore.
Darkness fills the kitchen now, our hands rest empty at the table's edge.
Darkness flees along with the lies.
Darkness flees before the dawn.
Darkness flees from light.
Darkness flows down the moon mouth like a glass of water swallowed by a mask.
Darkness forces the bulbs, loyal to the end, but they grow up too fast.
Darkness frightens children and sometimes animals.
Darkness gives way to light, passion to virtue, sadness to joy.
Darkness gives way to light.
Darkness hangs heavily over the sleeping jungle.
Darkness hangs over the face of the fool three hours.
Darkness has a way of hiding problems.
Darkness has another application a color of skin.
Darkness has effects.
Darkness has negative effects.
Darkness has no effect on respiration.
Darkness hate aside little theatre because broadcast golf croquet.
Darkness helps germination.
Darkness helps preserve the color.
Darkness hides a lot.
Darkness hides burglars and makes their work easy.
Darkness hides the towering poor excuse for architecture, and neon takes over.
Darkness hits Montreal rush hour.
Darkness implies the universe was neither formed or energized since light is a form of energy.
Darkness increases melatonin secretion which is associated with sleep.
Darkness increases risks of flight.
Darkness induces flowering.
Darkness is a Biblical symbol of ignorance, which can be highly self-righteous.
Darkness is a burglar s best friend.
Darkness is a burglar' s best friend.
Darkness is a burglar's best friend.
Darkness is a great, tremendous silence, accented by small and distant sounds.
Darkness is a lack of wholeness.
Darkness is a metaphor that the Bible uses for sin and every evil.
Darkness is a part of life.
Darkness is a powerful force, but it can be overcome by a tiny little match.
Darkness is a standard part of normal life.
Darkness is a symbol of evil.
Darkness is a symbol of fear and loneliness.
Darkness is a thin membrane enclosing light.
Darkness is a word for merging upper and lower.
Darkness is absence of light.
Darkness is all about.
Darkness is all around, and quiet breezes whisper.
Darkness is almost here.
Darkness is always relative to the source of light, to the mind's assumptions.
Darkness is an enemy.
Darkness is an especially limiting factor.
Darkness is an essential step in true enlightenment.
Darkness is an excellent device for directors to use to frighten the audience.
Darkness is an illusion.
Darkness is an important part of sexuality.
Darkness is anything and everything related to the devil and things that are bad and wrong.
Darkness is ascendant, and our armies still fall, or are turned.
Darkness is bad.
Darkness is bearable, it is even to be welcomed, in an artist who is also a master of light.
Darkness is beneficial to germination.
Darkness is both friend and enemy.
Darkness is broken only by the flashlights and headlamps of rangers and tour.
Darkness is called black and the night is called black if it is a starless moonless night.
Darkness is cause of two problems.
Darkness is clearing, it is slow, tedious.
Darkness is complexion.
Darkness is crucial to the luminescence dating technique.
Darkness is depressing.
Darkness is disorder.
Darkness is essential in the growing site.
Darkness is even in their humor.
Darkness is everything that is unknown, primitive, evil, and impenetrable.
Darkness is everywhere.
Darkness is exercised, and life is celebrated.
Darkness is forever.
Darkness is great depravity.
Darkness is here native land.
Darkness is here, time to sleep.
Darkness is ignorance and wisdom is brightness.
Darkness is illumination
Darkness is impersonal, the rejection of the light.
Darkness is in their hearts.
Darkness is in their homes.
Darkness is irresistible.
Darkness is just the abscence of light.
Darkness is like creation reversed.
Darkness is located in beds.
Darkness is located in cellars.
Darkness is located in moons.
Darkness is located in movies.
Darkness is made by blocking light from the sun or some other source of light , which makes shadow .
Darkness is made by blocking light from the sun or some other source of light, which makes shadow.
Darkness is merely the absence of light.
Darkness is most certainly the absence of light, both literally and figuratively.
Darkness is mysterious, dangerous, unknown.
Darkness is near.
Darkness is necessary for germination.
Darkness is no indication of strength.
Darkness is no less desirable than light.
Darkness is no problem for the owl.
Darkness is no reason to stop having fun outdoors.
Darkness is nothingness.
Darkness is now complete.
Darkness is now everywhere.
Darkness is on the face of the deep.
Darkness is one of the ninja's most formidable weapons.
Darkness is only bad because there is light.
Darkness is only the absence of light, and all winters end.
Darkness is our enemy.
Darkness is overcome by the light.
Darkness is part of being human.
Darkness is past.
Darkness is pierced by candles, lanterns and bright smiles.
Darkness is piled upon darkness.
Darkness is probably the single most inviting element to a potential burglar.
Darkness is put for light and light for darkness.
Darkness is really the absence of light, and cold is really the absence of heat.
Darkness is required for germination.
Darkness is scenes.
Darkness is simply an absence of light.
Darkness is simply lack of light.
Darkness is simply the absence of light, and it is caused by errors that hide the truth.
Darkness is simply the absence of light.
Darkness is sin and evil.
Darkness is something no one wants anything to do with, especially spiritual darkness.
Darkness is the absence of energy.
Darkness is the absence of light.
Darkness is the absence of shining.
Darkness is the absence of that.
Darkness is the absence, the withholding, of the world outside.
Darkness is the absense of light.
Darkness is the bed of illusion shielded by the spirit of oneness.
Darkness is the center of our souls, Like still black water in the moonlight.
Darkness is the costume.
Darkness is the criminal's friend.
Darkness is the lack of knowledge and understanding.
Darkness is the only consistent factor.
Darkness is the preferred time for sleep and rest.
Darkness is the substance of our personality.
Darkness is the symbol of sin and evil.
Darkness is the time to listen.
Darkness is there all the time.
Darkness is values.
Darkness is vanquished in the presence of light.
Darkness is very real in our world.
Darkness is what covers everything like a cloak, and outlasts light.
Darkness is where the light is needed.
Darkness isa illumination.
Darkness leads to apostasy, erroneous thinking, false doctrine in the soul.
Darkness leads to slavery to the details of life.
Darkness listens, watches, waits.
Darkness looms around the door, The wind shakes the wooden floor.
Darkness looms over the stage.
Darkness looms over the stages.
Darkness lurks In the air.
Darkness makes it harder to recognize flood dangers.
Darkness makes it near impossible to find and rescue boats in distress.
Darkness means colder temperatures.
Darkness means disorientation, despair.
Darkness means no food, but some- times protection.
Darkness means no light and vice-versa.
Darkness means rule of satan.
Darkness merely vanishes.
Darkness modulates the light, and nescience accompanies our science on every level of knowing.
Darkness needs Light Night comes again.
Darkness never can.
Darkness never dispels light.
Darkness never retreats.
Darkness obviously hinders a worshipper's reading ability.
Darkness only exists as light exists.
Darkness perfects goodness, which is light.
Darkness pervades the scenes, which are usually framed within a rectangle marked out on the page.
Darkness pierced by the spotlights present a magical vista, foreboding yet magnetic.
Darkness pray alongside most silk and retire detroit casinos.
Darkness predominates over the whole backdrop.
Darkness prevails eight months of the year.
Darkness produces only dead, unfruitful works.
Darkness protects the wicked and heightens our sense of fear.
Darkness regains the world.
Darkness reigns and silence on the waters.
Darkness remains constant throughout the movie, from crowded, smoky bars to dark night streets.
Darkness replaces light.
Darkness represents evil.
Darkness represents ignorance, error, falsehood and sin.
Darkness represents sin.
Darkness reveals light.
Darkness rolls in as a gentle wind pushes rain clouds away to let the stars come out.
Darkness seeks endless expansion across the vast breadth and depth of history.
Darkness seems to be all that remains.
Darkness seems to have been working so far.
Darkness shines, like an underground river.
Darkness shows off every smoldering stump and flaming stand of dead trees.
Darkness shrouds the planet.
Darkness signals the pineal gland to release melatonin.
Darkness signifies death and non-existence.
Darkness signifies spiritual ignorance and moral depravity.
Darkness slowly falls causing the streetlights to illuminate the path home.
Darkness slowly takes over and all sorts of animals awake.
Darkness stalks the hunters, Slowly sliding down, Falling in beating rings and soft diagonals.
Darkness starts production while light shuts it off.
Darkness starts to come up from the bushes and the shrubs.
Darkness stimulates melatonin production, which increases sleepiness.
Darkness stimulates melatonin secretion while light suppresses it.
Darkness stirs, and coming rain is felt upon the air.
Darkness suddenly flies before the glorious light of morning.
Darkness surrounds the light-born.
Darkness symbolizes the unknown, while light symbolizes knowledge and truth.
Darkness takes the place of light, ignorance of knowledge, and one neither sees nor understands.
Darkness threatens to fill our lives and our hearts.
Darkness touches the lives of everyone.
Darkness triggers the hormones that bring on sleep.
Darkness wears off after a set period of time.
Darkness withdraws when there is enough light.
Darkness works only to a point, of course.
Darkness works through negative imagination then emotion.
Darkness always closes in on the vision of patients who wait.
Darkness often makes the horizon hard to find.
Darkness usually brings on a willingness to accept help and be found.
Darkness usually means night time.
ALL darkness is driven.
More darkness means more time for the temperature to drop to the dewpoint.
Most darkness has effects.
Most darkness has negative effects.
Some darkness is caused by eclipse.
Some darkness is caused by materials.
Some darkness lasts for months.
Darkout rules apply.
A darkroom is a room
Darkroom is for printing only.
Darkrooms allow processing of film and traditional printing.
Darkrooms are also available to students who can demonstrate proficiency in use of the equipment.
Darkrooms are completely light tight and have a choice of filter arrangements.
Darkrooms are obsolete because DI occurs in normal daylight.
Darkrooms are rooms.
Darkrooms are the same.
Darkrooms generate photographic wastes.
Darling Harbor is in the heart of a vibrant, cosmopolitan city.
A darling is a lover
Darling also foresees major changes in state aid to local governments.
Darling also services the restaurant industry by removing used cooking oil and pumping grease traps.
Darling asks, eyes twinkling behind amber-tinted glasses.
Darling do be careful.
Darling is a resource used by researchers all over the country.
Darling is a thriving center of shopping, dining and entertainment.
Darling is a waste of time.
Darling is an astronavigational control unit who becomes much more than just that.
Darling is now full of energy and plays exuberantly.
Darling is one volunteer in an international effort to monitor frog populations.
Darling is pleased by the show's integration of old and new culture, and multiple media.
Darling isa individual.
Darling isa person.
Darling isa somebody.
Darling isa someone.
Darling makes it almost unbearable to listen to.
Darling now weighs enough to be neutered.
Darling possesses a wealth of both qualities, which are the backbone of a successful point guard.
Darling sees some ducks, but they are silent.
Darling sees the handwriting on the wall.
Darling sparks the offense with a barrage of scoring, assists and defensive hustle.
Darling states that a mother's literacy is the best predictor of a child's academic success.
Darling states that the most effective literacy programs are intensive and include the whole family.
Darling uses the examples of contemporary Vietnam and Russia.
Darlings are albums.
Darlings are lovers.
Darlings have (part) arms.
Darlings have (part) body substances.
Darlings have (part) cell membranes.
Darlings have (part) cells.
Darlings have (part) corpi.
Darlings have (part) cytoplasm.
Darlings have (part) heads.
Darlings have (part) human bodies.
Darlings have (part) legs.
Darlings have (part) material bodies.
Darlings have (part) necks.
Darlings have (part) nuclei.
Darlings have (part) personality.
Darlings have (part) plasma membranes.
Darlings have (part) sections.
Darlings have (part) vacuoles.
Darn coyotes are scavengers.
Darn starlings are smart enough to rub themselves with mothballs to get rid of lice.
A darner is a fixer
Darners are large high flying dragonflies which can be difficult to collect.
Darners are the largest dragonflies found in Canada.
Darr soils are similar in depth to coarse sand or gravelly sand but are better drained.
Dart frogs have predators.
Most dart frogs have predators.
Most dart guns have a set speed of release.
Dart Island is a state park that's popular with shad fishermen when the run is on.
A dart is a tuck
Dart isa projectile.
Darts adhere to the target every time.
Darts are a set and consist of three which are thrown as a turn.
Darts are another game found in pubs and bars.
Darts are app.
Darts are arrows.
Darts are available except during live music and special events.
Darts are available on most tops, dresses and even in the skirts.
Darts are board games.
Darts are duct taped in at the tack and throat to shape the sail, fastened on both sides.
Darts are fast and rapid, but cause very little damage.
Darts are fun.
Darts are important to today s fashions.
Darts are objects.
Darts are one of the most popular indoor sports today.
Darts are part of garments.
Darts are programming language.
Darts are projectiles.
Darts are seams.
Darts are sharp objects.
Darts are smarter than the pros.
Darts are sports.
Darts are tucks.
Darts become projectiles.
Darts come in a few differnt diameters from a bigger diameter to a skinny diameter.
Darts come with a few options as to grip.
Darts Discuss regional tournaments and challenge team play.
Darts emanate from each side seam under the armhole.
Darts have (part) sections.
Darts have sharp points.
Darts have sharp tips.
Darts have tips.
Darts hiss through air.
Darts is a great leveller.
Darts is a mental game, say darters.
Darts is a sport in which mathematics is essential to success.
Darts is certainly an example.
Darts is growing in popularity as a family activity, devotees say.
Darts is just like any other sport.
Darts is one of our hottest sellers at the moment.
Darts is played by both men and women.
Darts is the name of the game.
Darts is the same.
Darts is truly an international sport.
Darts Learn the basic rules for darts game.
Darts only has the mental aspect of what defines a sport.
Darts point to and stop short of the fullest part of the area they fit.
Darts presses to shape garment.
Darts seem to stick in the rest of the board without any problems.
Darts stick to the textured surface.
Darts work just as well for poking holes in people.
All darts appoint best before idle, nor bowl gives beside.
Most darts become projectiles.
Most darts come with a hard case that only hold one set of darts.
Most darts have sharp tips.
Most darts have tips.
Some dart frogs use chemicals.
Some darts have horizontal motion.
Some darts have motion.
A dartboard is a surface
Dartboards adorn the back walls, and the patrons range from businessmen to bikers.
A darter is a sea bird
Darters also are sensitive to degraded habitat or water chemistry.
Darters also comprise a smaller percentage of the communities at sites in agricultural basins.
Darters are animals.
Darters are birds.
Darters are common fishes found in the eastern United States.
Darters are cormorant-like water birds with very long necks and long, straight beaks.
Darters are fish.
Darters are perchs.
Darters are sexually mature in one year or less.
Darters are strong fliers and migrate annually.
Darters dart, shiners shine, and Sunfish spawn all the while devoid of any tropicals of any kind.
Darters eat a variety of water insects and other fish.
Darters exhibit a variety of spawning behaviors.
Darters occur around the clearing infrequently.
Darters really require no more care than a well-maintained aquarium.
Darters really seem to intensify coloration when they are provided with good illumination.
Darters tend to be intolerant of pollution and siltation.
Darters usually inhabit fairly shallow water and are rather solitary individuals.
Most darters are less than four inches long.
Most darters live in clear, fast-moving streams that have gravelly bottoms.
Dartplayer.net email is an email forwarding account.
Most daruma dolls are made of papier mache, and weighted at the bottom so the doll stands.
Darwin fish are our most popular item.
Darwin theories have components.
Most darwin theories have components.
Darwin isa thing.
Darwinian competition favors species with higher fitness and adaptability.
Darwinian evolution fails miserable when it comes to the complexity issue.
Darwinian evolution has two fundamental pieces.
Darwinian evolution is a belief system based largely on faith.
Darwinian evolution is a core dogma of modern science.
Darwinian evolution is a mechanical process based on Newton's premises.
Darwinian evolution is based on the existence, in every population, of a. random mating.
Darwinian evolution makes hands that make Darwinian evolution make brains.
Darwinian evolution predicts the regular presence of transitional forms.
Darwinian evolution requires physical pre-cursors.
Darwinian evolutionists have no credible explanation for the origin of life on earth.
Darwinian evolutionists maintain that natural selection alone produces evolution.
Darwinian feminists scrutinize sex research for such subtle biases.
Darwinian fitness is measured on a per-individual basis, but there's more to fitness than survival.
Darwinian medicine looks at causes of disease from an evolutionary perspective.
Darwinian niche means sibling order, firstborn versus later-born.
Darwinian processes act on other things besides biology.
Darwinian selection is still operative.
Darwinian theories require that it create the fit as well.
Darwinian theory is in conflict with the most prominent features of earth's natural history.
Darwinian theory IS in dispute.
Darwinian theory rules out quite a lot.
Some dash boards show agreement.
Dash diets emphasize vegetables.
Most dash diets emphasize vegetables.
Dash line shows the westward propagation of the system center.
A dash is a running
Dash dwells too long on the tulip's migration from Asia to Holland.
Dash isa action.
Dash looks nicer and holds up better over time.
Dashes also mark sharp turns in thought.
Dashes appear on our intraday charts if there was a gap in trading activity for that period.
Dashes are acceptable.
Dashes are emphatic.
Dashes are long.
Dashes are more emphatic.
Dashes are ok.
Dashes are optional.
Dashes are temporary.
Dashes are three times the length of dots.
Dashes are to be keyed in with double-hyphens, no spaces at either end.
Dashes can act as semi-colons, connecting independent clauses.
Dashes close together.
Dashes come in three sizes.
Dashes crack and so do seat covers.
Dashes differ from hyphens.
Dashes features an algorithm to break compound words in the Germanic languages.
Dashes indicate amino acid identity, dots indicate a gap in the protein sequence.
Dashes indicate an abrupt change of thought.
Dashes indicate an interruption while parentheses signal a digression.
Dashes indicate continuity of curve at confusing places.
Dashes indicate lack of fishing effort in area and time period.
Dashes indicate no significant correlation.
Dashes indicate regions left out to maximize similarity among the species.
Dashes indicate settings that apply to only part of a selection.
Dashes indicate shifts in amino acid sequences for the purposes of alignment.
Dashes indicate that a piece is positioned under another piece.
Dashes indicate that a sloth was never radiolocated in a tree of the species.
Dashes indicate unity slope.
Dashes indicate weak features.
Dashes mean no readable values are available at the given wavelength.
Dashes mean the facility charges one inclusive price for each level of care.
Dashes represent gaps in the alignment.
Dashes represent gaps introduced for alignment of the respective sequence.
Dashes represent gaps introduced to improve the alignment.
Dashes represent gaps introduced to obtain the best alignment.
Dashes signal a break in thought and writing.
Dashes take precedence over commas.
Dashes tend to emphasize the elements being set off.
Dashes tend to emphasize the material.
Dashes Use dashes to emphasize a part of a sentence and indicate a break.
Dashs are elegance.
Dashs are punctuation marks.
Dashs are runs.
Dashes often come in pairs.
Dashes usually evoke a feeling of suspense and anticipation, often jolting into conclusions.
Some dash diets lower pressure.
Some dashes represent bonds.
Some dashes take places.
Dashboard lights are exceptionally bright.
A dashboard is an instrument panel
Dashboard consolidates personal, team, corporate and external information with single-click access.
Dashboard intrudes too much on front passenger leg room.
Dashboard is a customizable extension to the net.
Dashboard is consisted of a number of buttons for various controls.
Dashboard isa device.
Dashboard likewise is versatile and powerful, but is a program launcher and desktop organizer.
Dashboard sports five views that are easily accessible right from the today screen.
Dashboards allow developers to quickly assemble corporate information in one location.
Dashboards are a widespread tool in project management.
Dashboards are control panels.
Dashboards are located in cars.
Dashboards have (part) idiot light.
Dashboards have (part) sections.
Many dashboards can already tell drivers, for instance, how much fuel they are using for a maneuver.
Dashed arrows are hypothetical proton-translocation steps.
Dashed boxes appear indicating the header and footer space.
Dashed boxes indicate optional participant actions within framework of service access.
Dashed boxes represent interfaces.
Dashed curve is a simple polynomial fit to the data.
Dashed layer is reflective and the the grey layer is the normal dark layer.
Dashed outlines are disposal sites.
Dashed processes are currently under development.
Dashed rectangle indicates the location of the modeled icefield.
Dashed segments represent projections.
Dassie rats have eyes.
Dassie rats have heads.
Dassie rats have narrow heads, rose-petal shaped ears and large eyes in relation to their heads.
Most dassie rats have eyes.
Most dassie rats have heads.
A dassie is a mammal
Dassie isa mammal.
Dassies are a preferred meal.
Dassies are one to two feet long and weigh four to fourteen pounds.
Dassies communicate using a wide range of sounds including growls, squeals and snorts.
Dassies eat a wide variety of vegetation, including grasses, forbs, shrubs and the leaves of trees.
Dassies have (part) brains.
Dassies have (part) breasts.
Dassies have (part) cell membranes.
Dassies have (part) cells.
Dassies have (part) chest cavities.
Dassies have (part) chests.
Dassies have (part) corpi.
Dassies have (part) cytoplasm.
Dassies have (part) ears.
Dassies have (part) faces.
Dassies have (part) heads.
Dassies have (part) nuclei.
Dassies have (part) pedal extremities.
Dassies have (part) piluses.
Dassies have (part) plasma membranes.
Dassies have (part) rib cages.
Dassies have (part) sections.
Dassies have (part) skulls.
Dassies have (part) sterna.
Dassies have (part) vacuoles.
Dassies have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dassies have a poor ability to regulate their body temperature and a low metabolic rate.
Dassies have latrines, where they deposit their droppings and urine at a fixed site.
Some dassies have characters.
Some dassies have incisor teeth.
Some dassies have teeth.
Some dassies have upper incisor teeth.
Some dassies have upper teeth.
Some dassies occupy habitats.
Some dassies occupy similar habitats.
A dasyurid is a mammal
Dasyurids are active mainly at night and prey upon almost any living thing that they can overpower.
Dasyurids are small to medium in size.
Dasyurids have acute senses and are considered alert and intelligent.
DAT audio is digital data, and can be corrupted.
Most DAT tape drive manufacturers recommend and approve certain brands of cleaning cartridges.
Data access is almost universal in South Asia, and fairly frequent in Europe and Central Asia.
Data access is another concern.
Data access is as simple as point and click in a browser.
Data access is based on hash tables.
Data access is by a direct read of the native format, no conversion is performed.
Data access is critical for today's higher education.
Data access is currently via secret level access with users at secret level or above clearance.
Data access is how the computer accesses the data.
Data access is independent of the physical storage mechanism.
Data access is much easier.
Data access is offered via various sources.
Data access is provided through customized data-analysis routines and individualized displays.
Data access is quick and simple for both business and leisure travellers.
Data access is restricted.
Data access is secured by a random password that is modified periodically.
Data access is subject to some restrictions.
Data access is via their web browser.
Data access pages Use data access pages to interactively report and analyze live data online.
Data access requires registration, but appears to be free and available off the internet.
Data accesses are hash-indexed and are very fast.
All data access goes through the persistence mechanism.
All data access is controlled by an executive committee of investigators and funders.
Data acquisition is a continuing process.
Data acquisition is a key factor in the equality process.
Data acquisition is also available.
Data acquisition is nearly complete .
Data acquisition is often a matter of feast or famine.
Data acquisition is started and stopped independantly in each box.
Data acquisition is the most complex aspect of any data mart or data warehouse implementation.
Data acquisition is therefore a collective enterprise.
Data acquisition skills a plus.
Data acquisition starts.
Data administration includes the definition, organization, supervision, and protection of data.
Data administration is responsible for defining an information architecture.
Data aggregation is particularly useful for plotting and explanatory data analysis.
Data alignment is a significant aspect of a practical, real-time implementation.
Data alignment is also important.
All data alignment appears identical.
Data analyses are appropriate and transparent.
Data analyses are appropriate.
Data analyses are currently underway.
Data analyses are in progress for report writing.
Data analyses are in progress.
Data analyses are under way.
Data analyses are underway .
Data analyses indicate a concern for fecal coliform and a possible concern for phosphorus.
Data analysis amounts to dose-response modeling of binary data.
Data analysis can only be as good as the original data allow.
Data analysis can provide sophisticated illustrations of customer behavior and site performance.
Data analysis can significantly affect the speed of program execution.
Data analysis determines whether the writer coaching intervention decreased writing apprehension.
Data analysis emphasizes the use of appropriate statistical techniques.
Data analysis facilitates the conversion process.
Data analysis occurs at home, using university-wide and departmental computing facilities.
Data analysis plans Good analytic tools are available.
Data analysis relies on metered data from measurement campaigns and electricity and water bills.
Data analysis requires a careful and thorough exploration of the data.
Data analysis shows the spatial and temporal variation of the plume.
Data analysis using inferential statistics is covered.
Data analysis utilizes the statistical methods in data interpretation and probability predictions.
All data analysis is done within the two groups.
Some data analysis is available.
Some data analysis is involved.
Data analysts begin with lines and tables.
Data analysts can now geographically visualize information that was previously a text narrative.
Data Analysts develop reports using statistical techniques and a variety of database applications.
Data analysts do.
Data analysts use the logical model to create an inventory of required data elements.
Data architects hold the potential for being valuable change agents.
Data architecture is discussed, and user feedback is presented.
Data assimilation can improve the accuracy of such simulations.
Data assimilation is used to infer open boundary conditions for the dynamical models.
Data assimilation takes a different tack.
Data authentication relies on large amounts of meta-data containing the corroborating information.
Data availability helps ensure that competitive market forces exist.
Data availability is at the core of each business process.
Data backup continues to pose significant challenges to enterprise IT managers.
Data backup is a fundamental part of any disaster recovery plan.
Data backup is essential in order to restore important files case of a hard disk failure.
Data backup is the responsibility of the customer.
Data backup seems so simple that it's often glossed over.
Data bandwidth continues to be the core focus for both our wireless and fiber strategies.
Data bandwidth continues to be the core focus for our fiber optic product strategy.
Data base allows Routing number verification, along with bank phone numbers and addresses.
Data base contains approx.
Data base has a tree-like structure.
Data base is updated daily and growing fast.
Data base works great.
Data bases are an integral part of many software systems.
Data bases are now more extensive and complex than ever before.
Data bases can be a very expensive matter for the State and also very valuable.
Data bases can vary greatly in the degree to which personal information is identifiable.
Data bases connect individuals, organizations and needs and allow for feedback.
Data bases replace cabinets full of papers.
Data bases run at different rates, some extremely slow by today's Internet standards.
All data bases are similar to the following.
Most data bases make use of spreadsheet techniques.
Most data bases present a single value for a specific nutrient in a specific food.
Data buffer is too small.
Data buses are the cords that connect the computers together.
Data cables reach the workstation via chrome trellises and trusses.
Data cables serve many purposes, but the main one is for communication.
Data cache is dual ported, with each port able to process a double word per cycle.
Data capture can be a measure of monitoring programme performance.
Data capture is very high and collection of a long term continuous record is greatly facilitated.
Data capture redefines both personal and enterprise experience.
Data cards are to be filled out by children or adult.
Data cards can be particularly useful for companies that have a large number of research associates.
Data cards Give each child some data cards from the data file.
Many data cards are optional.
Most data cards are optional.
Some data cards are optional.
Data cells are in normal type left justified.
Data cells are white.
Any data cell marked by a C, indicates confidential data exists there.
Data center gets federal grant . . .
Data centers are a good approach.
Data centers are already operational in Germany and the United States.
Data centers are usually buildings dedicated to providing services to ISPs and hosting services.
Data centers go through automated backup procedures at night, which is usually their quieter period.
Most data centres make the data available through anonymous ftp.
Data channels carry voice communication.
Data cleaning consists of bad weather rejection and exclusion of telescopes with technical problems.
Data cleaning is labor intensive and involves examining the data for completeness and integrity.
Data clustering is one of the basic tools widely used as a component in many data mining solutions.
Data clustering is organized around objects and containers of objects.
Data clustering produces a challenge in object-oriented databases.
Data collection Apply data collection methods.
Data collection becomes more efficient, more effective, and more accurate.
Data collection begins after each quarter and continues for about two months.
Data collection begins on the road centerline.
Data collection begins the first week after the close of the year.
Data collection begins with an assessment of the application.
Data collection begins with the application of light-reflecting markers to the limbs and trunk.
Data collection begins with the collection of information for baseline measures.
Data collection can be relatively easy, saving time and money.
Data collection can begin almost immediately after approval of a topic guide.
Data collection can come from multiple types of inputs.
Data collection can occur instantaneously, overnight, or over a period of weeks or months.
Data collection can run for seconds to hours, and can automatically repeat as often as needed.
Data collection can take several forms.
Data collection comprises a portion of the factors influencing information retrieval.
Data collection contains county level counts of arrests and offenses.
Data collection continues at the five research sites.
Data collection continues in many of the long-term programs.
Data collection continues to the present.
Data collection continues.
Data collection depends on the Internet and a large electronic Islamic library.
Data collection features.
Data collection focuses on nephropathy and macrovascular complications.
Data collection Identify the experimental units or subjects measured.
Data collection includes mass, volume, and temperatures.
Data collection involves content analysis and interviews.
Data collection involves two stages.
Data collection is a critical part of consumer behavior.
Data collection is a dynamic, responsive, ongoing process that is reviewed periodically.
Data collection is a fundamental and critical part of descriptive statistics.
Data collection is a major part of a neural network solution.
Data collection is a pre-requisite for developing any kind of machine translation system.
Data collection is a significant part of the supply chain equation.
Data collection is a time-consuming and often frustrating activity.
Data collection is a triggered event.
Data collection is a variable and often represents the larger cost of the two.
Data collection is adjusted and performance evaluation is based primarily on system outcomes.
Data collection is almost complete.
Data collection is also essential for scientific investigation of relationships and trends.
Data collection is always a high priority.
Data collection is an essential first step in addressing racial profiling.
Data collection is an important part of the team's work.
Data collection is an integral component of biology laboratories.
Data collection is an ongoing project.
Data collection is another potential source for mistakes.
Data collection is as expensive on the ranch as it is in the lab.
Data collection is at the core of program writing and program evaluation.
Data collection is based on the geometric data model of a square raster.
Data collection is but first step.
Data collection is by far the most expensive part of any digitization project.
Data collection is by means of a questionnaire survey and interviews.
Data collection is complete and analysis is underway.
Data collection is complete and investigators are currently analyzing the information.
Data collection is complete and the data analysis is currently in progress.
Data collection is complete.
Data collection is completed and analysis is now in progress.
Data collection is completed and manuscripts are in preparation.
Data collection is controlled by the operator through an on-line interactive computer program.
Data collection is coordinated through national biosafety focal points or relevant ministries.
Data collection is coordinated via exchange of information.
Data collection is crucial for evaluation of both research and project proposals.
Data collection is currently in progress.
Data collection is currently underway.
Data collection is delayed until one of the collection trigger events occurs.
Data collection is designed to address local, regional, and national water-quality concerns.
Data collection is desirable for a second reason.
Data collection is done at the customer s discretion.
Data collection is done via a script which runs during off-hours.
Data collection is done with a protocol.
Data collection is driven by the pre-observation conference.
Data collection is easy as it proceeds automatically.
Data collection is essential to inform the whole process.
Data collection is essential to weather forecasting.
Data collection is expensive and difficult.
Data collection is full underway.
Data collection is fully underway.
Data collection is gathered via email.
Data collection is in itself quite simple.
Data collection is in process.
Data collection is in progress both by agency staff and through functioning local organizations.
Data collection is in progress.
Data collection is instantaneous.
Data collection is introduced via normal system approach.
Data collection is job one, a modest first step, but a necessary first step.
Data collection is just one of the ways in which biologists use computer hardware.
Data collection is just one part of the problem.
Data collection is like test scoring except that there are no right and wrong answers.
Data collection is limited to a small series of cases, interviews, or surveys.
Data collection is many times faster than systems using conventional DC resistivity.
Data collection is minimal and hands-on manipulation with observable products is emphasized.
Data collection is nearly complete.
Data collection is necessary for outcome analysis.
Data collection is needed on ownership.
Data collection is needed on the extent to which women benefit from extension services or training.
Data collection is needed on the numbers of women farmers reached by extension.
Data collection is needed on the percentage of credit or funding extended to women.
Data collection is needed on water supply.
Data collection is needed to collect information on the absence of career ladders.
Data collection is now complete and record linkage is being initiated.
Data collection is now complete.
Data collection is now more accurate and complete and report generation is virtually effortless.
Data collection is one activity that is particularly ripe for greater cooperation and coordination.
Data collection is ongoing and results are as yet unavailable.
Data collection is on-going.
Data collection is ongoing.
Data collection is only one step in the survey process.
Data collection is optional for the transactions of the previously exempt institution.
Data collection is our business.
Data collection is part of the solution.
Data collection is performed through the ergonomically designed button pad.
Data collection is planned for two weeks during each month.
Data collection is real-time and presentation is provided in a host of standard formats.
Data collection is relatively easy, and can be readily categorized and analyzed.
Data collection is required once or twice per week.
Data collection is said to be the heart of inquiry because it gives students confidence.
Data collection is scheduled every two years.
Data collection is scheduled to continue for several years.
Data collection is secure.
Data collection is simple and rapid.
Data collection is sometimes quite easy, and sometimes a horrendous pain.
Data collection is staggered as state records become available.
Data collection is stressed here as well.
Data collection is the most expensive part of the geomatics process.
Data collection is the primary emphasis.
Data collection is through physicians.
Data collection is tremendously time consuming.
Data collection is under way.
Data collection is usually one of the most difficult aspects to establish a measurement system.
Data collection is very important.
Data collection is via film or a computer-controlled image intensifying camera.
Data collection is vital when determining appropriate compensation.
Data collection is, after all, only one part of the scientific process.
Data collection occurs as soon as the reference month is over.
Data collection occurs in what are known as transects.
Data collection occurs synchronously and according to a predetermined schedule.
Data collection remains an important support activity for our research.
Data collection represents the least amount of time in a study.
Data collection requires full-day follows of the study troops.
Data collection requires time and personnel resources.
Data collection resumes.
Data collection seems to be the norm amongst developers.
Data collection serves as a valued tool to illuminate areas for improvement.
Data collection serves as the best mechanism to measure the achievement of defined goals.
Data collection supports decisions made about performance.
Data collection takes a few minutes versus the hours required with other methods.
Data collection takes about one half-hour.
Data collection takes many forms.
Data collection takes place in Oregon.
Data collection takes several weeks and is usually dispersed over several months.
Data collection using key pieces of laboratory equipment is integrated into the course.
Data collections comprise numeric data, images, text documents audio and video.
Data collections continue to grow, seemingly out of control.
All data collection is based on standard scientific field monitoring techniques.
All data collection is conducted seasonally.
All data collection is driven by knowledge of the process and guided by statistical principles.
All data collection is successfully ongoing.
All data collection requires some form of recording on the part of the supervisor.
Most data collection involves the use of samples rather than populations.
Some data collections are also available on CD-ROM or diskette.
Some data collections are readily available on the Internet.
Data communication is electronic communication
Data communications are available at very low cost.
Data communications are very similar.
Data communications covers the fast moving dynamic field of electronic communications.
Data communications happen over the Internet.
Data communications have an infinite number of ways to fail.
Data communications is also one of our specialties.
Data communications is immensely complicated.
Data communications is the fastest growing area of the telecommunications hardware industry.
Data communications is the most rapidly expanding area of telecommunications.
Data communications is used in many applications of business and in everyday life.
Data communications use different sockets on the same port.
Data compaction refers to when the tape drive compresses data.
All data comparisons shown above are statistically significant.
Data compression accepts some intentional distortion for coding.
Data compression allows modems to use higher bps's.
Data compression applies only to pixel data.
Data compression can help a lot.
Data compression can help to maximize use of the available bandwidths.
Data compression can shrink the size of the pixel data.
Data compression has important application in the areas of data transmission and data storage.
Data compression has important application in the areas of file storage and distributed systems.
Data compression has many uses, especially in modern networking environments.
Data compression increases the number of processor cycles.
Data compression is a fundamental computer science issue.
Data compression is a part of the data preprocessing from each of the sensor sets.
Data compression is a possible technique to obtain the intermediate format.
Data compression is achieved by the use of two techniques called merging and subtraction .
Data compression is also an important consideration when buying a modem.
Data compression is an essential enabling technology in the information age.
Data compression is another good candidate for such a situation.
Data compression is another issue.
Data compression is done on the client end to reduce network bandwidth.
Data compression is explained with a focus on lossless text compression.
Data compression is most effective when text files are being transferred.
Data compression is necessary for streaming over the web.
Data compression is nothing new.
Data compression is the act of taking a given file and making it smaller.
Data compression is used both for storage and transmission of data.
Data compression makes a file use less space by eliminating repetitive bits of information.
Data compression makes moving the files easier and faster.
Data compression permits fast and therefore extremely low-cost transfers.
Data compression speeds the transmission thereby reducing the possibility of error.
Data confidentiality is maintained.
Data confidentiality is the key security feature that most users associate with secure messaging.
Data connection includes unlimited Internet access, including an electronic mail account.
Data connections are modem specific.
Data connections are possible from student rooms in residential halls.
Data connections are to be simplex connections established directly.
Data connections are virtually error-free.
Data consolidation is the obvious next step in online finances.
A data conversion is a conversion
Data conversions are always available.
Data coverage is best for the Atlantic side of the Arctic.
Data coverage is global.
Data coverage is nationwide.
Data coverage is shown in the map below.
Data coverage varies by title.
Data definitions are consistent.
Data definitions are critical to the sharing of data between systems.
Data definitions vary substantially from one country to the next.
Data density is improved because the information is coded to make best use of available space.
Data density is the dominating factor in determining the quality of the end results.
Data dependencies prevent the ideal case from being achievable in every situation.
Data dictionaries are also valuable during maintenance.
Data dictionaries are forerunners to repository.
Data dictionaries are part of the metadata.
Data dictionaries are very helpful in understanding the datasets.
Data dictionaries define ranges of shared data values for enumerated elements.
Data dictionaries provide appropriate documentation for digital data.
Most data dictionaries contain information about how data is stored and accessed.
Data disks can contain boot viruses too.
Data disks can operate in cached or uncached modes.
Data dissemination is also a large part of the data management program.
All data dumps are tab-delimited and generated nightly.
Data elements are elements.
Data elements are information such as name, income, and liabilities.
Data elements are the basic units, or fields, in a database.
Data elements are the primary building blocks for records in electronic systems.
Data elements can be as simple as a single bit, or as complex as floating point numbers.
Data elements define the information that is contained in automated systems.
Data elements have no type and there are no structures or arrays.
Data elements provide the core data dictionary entry.
Data elements used by most libraries include name, address, phone number and position.
Every data element is defined, typed, described and catagorized.
Many data elements allow additional tagging for words and phrases.
Some data elements appear in multiple groups.
Some data elements are mandatory.
Some data elements occur in both places, such as the title and description data element.
Some data elements reflect five-year averages.
Data encapsulation relies on a type system with existential types.
Data entries are primarily for governmental and quasi governmental organizations.
Data entry background a plus.
Data entry can begin prior to payment.
Data entry clerks to help assemble information collected by research assistants.
Data entry skills a plus.
Data entry starts with computers, and computers compute.
Data entry uses friendly forms with lookup tables for various information.
All data entries are by touch.
All data entry creates an audit trail describing who made a change and when it was made.
All data entry is accomplished using the supplied programming keypad and printer.
All data entry is by convenient drop down lists.
All data entry is done at that level.
All data entry is done in xtme or another editor.
All data entry is done through one screen.
Every data entry is divided into four separate fields by commas.
Data exchanges can occur in the opposite direction as well.
Data exchanges can take place bilaterally or multilaterally.
Data feed is limited by communication bandwidth and time of client in related geographical area.
Data field is the area to the right of the prefix area.
A data file is a record
Data file are and password protected and encrypted.
Data file containing the range and color information about the constructed head is here .
Data file contains legal alphabetic codes.
Data file Enter the path to a data file containing mass data.
Data file has a physical record which is too long.
Data file is in a separate folder by itself.
Data file is machine independent.
Data files are also very small.
Data files are available by state or for the entire United States.
Data files are available for analysis upon request .
Data files are available for input to exercises.
Data files are available for researchers.
Data files are available on diskette, CD-Rom or via electronic transfer.
Data files are available to interested science team members.
Data files are available to researchers at member institutions.
Data files are blue and macros are in red.
Data files are case sensitive.
Data files are generic and can contain data in any format.
Data files are in both computer and paper format.
Data files are interchangeable between the three versions.
Data files are larger than the shapefile data format.
Data files are less susceptible to viral attacks than executable files.
Data files are never old or inaccurate.
Data files are of different types, held in different sites and accessed in different ways.
Data files are okay to delete but programs are another matter.
Data files are open database compliant.
Data files are output in a spreadsheet format that is convenient for plotting.
Data files are particularly useful when large amounts of data are involved.
Data files are password protected.
Data files are primarily in downloadable spreadsheet and some html formats.
Data files are quite large but can be retrieved in compressed formats.
Data files are relational tables of virtually unlimited size.
Data files are self-documenting and machine transportable.
Data files are subject to corrections as additional information is received.
Data files are text.
Data files are the hardest to check because no two users are alike.
Data files are updated weekly.
Data files can be any file-application documents, support files, policies, drivers, etc.
Data files can be either default or local.
Data files can be of unlimited length.
Data files can reside either on a server or on a user's hard disk.
Data files contain both data and information.
Data files containing the editted soundings are available.
Data files created in earlier versions are compatible and can be read in directly.
Data files end with pdb and are generally available from the same sources as program files.
Data files have text headers including disclaimers.
Data files have text headers including location data and disclaimers.
Data files ought to be printed to the line printers.
Data files suck.
Data files written by SMS provide high performance and are also portable.
All data files are compatible.
All data files are either video, audio, or both.
All data files are in compressed zip format.
All data files are in the synoptic directory.
All data files are rectangular.
All data files go in the htsdata directory.
All data files have machine readable codebooks, and most also have spss control cards.
All data files have the same format with one line for each monthly value.
All data files have the same format.
All data files reside on different subdirectories that where grouped by projects.
All data files validate against chtb.dtd using nsmls.
Every data file has a different encryption key.
Every data file has a position.
Many data files are now downloadable from a detailed catalog web page.
Most data files are from surveys.
Most data files contain noise.
Some data files are large.
Some data files are very large - up to several megabytes.
Some data files contain more than one structure.
Some data files use more bandwidth as they are transmitted over the lines.
Data flow is contained to the local network segment.
Data flow is in one direction around the loop.
Data flow is measured in kilobytes per second.
Some data flows are large.
Some data flows are very large.
A data format is information
Data formats can be industry standard, commonly accepted or standard.
Data formats can be quickly and easily defined through a message agent and message broker.
Data formats can include fixed length and comma separated text files.
Data fragmentation can potentially increase parallelism during query execution.
Data gathering becomes automatic.
Data gathering can be time consuming, but if it is ongoing and consistent it takes only minutes.
Data gathering can include everyone that is involved in the organization.
Data gathering includes clinical interviews, observations and psychological assessments.
Data gathering includes instrumentation and computer usage.
Data gathering involves investigative research conducted at user departments.
Data gathering is conducted using appropriate methodology and tools.
Data gathering is covered as are the techniques and interpretation of primary and secondary data.
Data gathering is done by mail, by telephone, and by direct assessment in the laboratory.
Data gathering is important for the collection and organization of past research and information.
Data gathering is made much more difficult when the target company is a competitor.
Data gathering is needed for all levels of certification.
Data gathering is, after all, one of the key objectives of marketers.
Data gathering requires people.
All data gathering is collected in the planning phase.
More data gathering is needed before any firm conclusions can be made.
Data gloves offer a simple means of echoing hand gestures back to the computer.
Data hiding is a both a welcome and needed feature for both nodes and connections.
Data hiding is a simple but extremely important concept.
Data hiding is very important, but hiding only has to be done once to be effective.
Data integration can occur as appropriate to support acquisitions, archival and retrieval.
Data integration has the advantage of being fairly simple to implement.
Data integration is instantaneous and everyone essential to finding a solution is in the same room.
Data integration is the degree that data is shared by all organizational constituents.
Data integration takes place by using the results of one query to link the user to another database.
Data integrity ensures that the data is feasible and correct for the application in hand.
Data integrity ensures that the message received is the same message that was sent.
Data integrity has to be there to ensure that the information gets to an authorized user.
Data integrity includes data backup, recovery and tape library management.
Data integrity involves the complicated process of exchanging correct data.
Data integrity is a critical issue with the on-line directory.
Data integrity is a priority.
Data integrity is an important requirement as well.
Data integrity is another crucial area in networks, demanding considerable attention.
Data integrity is as important to a small organisation as it is to a large one.
Data integrity is assured and data sourcing issues have been identified and resolved.
Data integrity is assured.
Data integrity is better, too.
Data integrity is checked before and after compression to ensure no loss of data.
Data integrity is critical to the reliability of agent-based systems.
Data integrity is enforced through a two-phase commit protocol.
Data integrity is enhanced by the elimination of data redundancy and data reconciliation.
Data integrity is ensured and the interface setup has been reduced to a bare minimum.
Data integrity is ensured by a built in integrity checker.
Data integrity is ensured during the transfer.
Data integrity is ensured, leading to reliable reports and statistics.
Data integrity is far more important, and that is where PostgreSQL wins hands down.
Data integrity is guaranteed.
Data integrity is guarded in two ways.
Data integrity is improved.
Data integrity is insured with our extensive error handling.
Data integrity is key when recording at high-density levels.
Data integrity is maintained by a tape backup system that performs daily tape backups.
Data integrity is maintained on all unchanged data paths.
Data integrity is maintained through some intermediate object layer.
Data integrity is maintained through system administration with routine periodic backups.
Data integrity is one of the keys to developing a quality database.
Data integrity is only as good as the steps taken to preserve it.
Data integrity is our primary concern.
Data integrity is preserved across platforms, applications, and soup recipes.
Data integrity is preserved by using both electronic and paper copies.
Data integrity is protected rigorously in transit and in storage.
Data integrity is the assurance that no changes have been made to information that has been sent.
Data integrity is the first and foremost quality of a business application software.
Data integrity is the responsibility of every data provider, custodian, steward, and user.
Data integrity is verified daily and there is a real time, off-site backup of all conduit systems.
Data integrity is vital.
Data integrity is, of course, a vital part of any business environment.
Data integrity refers to preventing data corruption.
Data integrity refers to the auditability and constitutional integrity of records.
Data integrity rules Semantic rules for the creation, deletion, or modification of records.
All data interpretation is performed on advanced computer-based systems.
Data islands are XML data referenced or included in an HTML page.
Every data item is encapsulated in some object.
A data link is a circuit
Data links allow for learning situations beyond the Internet, however.
Data loading is extremely fast.
Data loading is intuitive and easy to manage.
Data logger records data from sensors.
Data loggers are placed in estuarine waters at monitoring stations with other monitoring equipment.
Data loggers can also control other devices according to the measurements made by the sensors.
Data loggers have some significant advantages for collecting data.
Data loggers impose quite different conditions on reading gypsum blocks than do hand-held readers.
Data loggers preserve the accountability of every link in the supply chain.
Some data loggers can also actively intervene to close down or start equipment.
Data logging can be very tedious and it requires a great deal of discipline.
Data logging is central to an understanding of the laws of physics.
Data logging is one application which is perfectly suited for storage by record.
Data logging is provided for off line analysis.
Data loss associated with notebooks and portable computers is even more drastic.
Data loss can be complete and severe.
Data loss can be substantial if the inode table is corrupted.
Data loss can happen anywhere, anytime.
Data loss can happen in many ways.
Data loss can happen to anyone, any time.
Data loss can occur from a range of different causes.
Data loss causes severe damage to an organisation.
Data maintenance includes analyzing items and performing failure criticality calculations.
Data maintenance is a substantial task, often comparable in size with test script maintenance.
Data maintenance is audited.
Data maintenance refers to the procedures used to keep data current.
Data management becomes a critical issue.
Data management can be very simple.
Data management covers many general areas, which are treated individually in the links below.
Data management features such as stock split manager.
Data management involves warehousing, online storage, and co-location.
Data management is a huge issue.
Data management is an important component of a safety program.
Data management is an important consideration when working with computers.
Data management is available as well as assistance with negotiating industry contracts.
Data management is challenged by the fact that the health care industry is overflowing with data.
Data management is critical and substantial component of project activities.
Data management is currently a rapidly evolving area.
Data management is exemplary.
Data management is handled through the use of data models.
Data management is integral to every profession.
Data management is maximized by our mammoth centralized storage servers with RAID protection.
Data management is more complicated than data access.
Data management is now central to drug discovery.
Data management is provided by means of web pages describing the data and by the catalogue of files.
Data management is provided to allow persistent data to stay within the system for future re-use.
Data management is the foundation of every good data analysis.
Data management is the key to success .
Data management is the road map to planning and strategy.
Data management is very much an enabling technology for multidisciplinary design and analysis.
Data management is, in fact, a major headache.
Data management provides patient and specimen tracking capabilities and statistical reports.
Data management requires senior management champions.
Data management supports information and knowledge management, which facilitate decision-making.
Data management uses multiuser database engines to store the data.
Data manipulation Enter analytic equations to create and transform data.
Data manipulation includes such things as insertion, deletion, and substitution.
Data manipulation is a bit more complicated to detect.
Data manipulation is amazingly simple.
Data manipulation is crucial in understanding how all the sample values relate to one another.
All data manipulations take place in the internal registers that the architecture has in abundance.
Data maps are useful tools to optimize data flow and, hence, improve communications in a company.
Data mapping is an extremely complex undertaking.
Data mapping is one of the most challenging aspects.
Data marts are basically smaller versions of data warehouses.
Data marts are easier to get through politically for at least three reasons.
Data marts deal almost exclusively with servicing a specific community or department.
Data marts reduce the range of data to a more manageable span.
Data marts serve specific business units or functions.
Data matrix comes in two distinct flavors.
Data member is public for historical reasons.
Data migration allows data to be moved while it is being used.
Data migration is a key component of successful implementation for any data processing system.
Data migration is even more important than data refreshment for successful digital archiving.
Data migration is even more important than data refreshment.
Data migration is expensive and erodes the original quality of the data.
Data migration means the material is maintained in the archive in a currently useable format.
Data migration occurs when the physical filesystem becomes nearly full.
Data miners become valuable assistants.
Data miners sell the data they gathered accordingly.
Data miners try to extract new marketing gold from veins of old data.
A data mining is a data processing
Data mining aims to make sense of data in relation to the organisation's decision needs.
Data mining allows alerts to be stratified.
Data mining are data processing.
Data mining are seekings.
Data mining automates the process of finding predictive information in large databases.
Data mining can help find matches for regional and global alliances.
Data mining can play a central role in such a service by enabling data reduction.
Data mining can reveal a number of historically profitable trading patterns.
Data mining combines methods from machine learning, statistics, and databases.
Data mining consists in extracting knowledge from a large quantity of data.
Data mining does just that.
Data mining finds useful nuggets of information in existing data sources.
Data mining gives answers to business questions.
Data mining goes beyond computer monitoring to identify suspicious patterns of activity.
Data mining has the potential to ferret out personal details.
Data mining has very broad applications in virtually all industries.
Data mining helps the bank identify such customers.
Data mining includes association rule mining, classification and clustering.
Data mining involves analysis of the spatial relationships among a set of maps.
Data mining involves the development of tools that can extract patterns from large databases.
Data mining involves the extraction of fielded data and the analysis thereof.
Data mining involves the methods used to pull information from databases.
Data mining is a critical enabler of both applications, according to the report's lead author.
Data mining is a form of artificial intelligence that uses automated processes to find information.
Data mining is a method for finding patterns in large data sets.
Data mining is a new field with exciting early successes.
Data mining is a new knowledge frontier - an important knowledge management tool.
Data mining is a process to uncover trends and relationships in heterogeneous data.
Data mining is a relatively unique process.
Data mining is a step beyond using data to prepare reports.
Data mining is a step-wise process of knowledge discovery in databases.
Data mining is a topic that generates great interest and arouses great fear.
Data mining is a useful tool, a new approach which combines discovery with analysis.
Data mining is about finding new information in a lot of data.
Data mining is actually the application of several statistical methodologies.
Data mining is all about pushing back the gray zone.
Data mining is an automated tool requiring no substantial human effort.
Data mining is an extraordinarily broad area and is growing in sevaral directions.
Data mining is an extraordinarily broad area and is growing in several directions.
Data mining is an interdisciplinary field, with strong quantitative roots.
Data mining is an invasion of privacy.
Data mining is an outgrowth of the advances in record-keeping made possible by computers.
Data mining is another key trend.
Data mining is available to leverage existing databases to boost response rate.
Data mining is computationally expensive.
Data mining is concerned with extracting useful information from data.
Data mining is concerned with the analysis of large but homogeneous data.
Data mining is especially compelling for e-commerce applications.
Data mining is likely to penetrate society further as the technology becomes easier to use.
Data mining is more than a set of tools-it is a multidisciplinary process.
Data mining is next.
Data mining is no better.
Data mining is no longer an academic exercise.
Data mining is now big business.
Data mining is once again big news, thanks to the new Web interfaces plopped on top.
Data mining is one emerging area of data handling.
Data mining is one of the hottest topics in data warehousing.
Data mining is only one step in the knowledge discovery process.
Data mining is such a technology.
Data mining is the art of analyzing and extracting useful information from large datasets.
Data mining is the automatic discovery of patterns, associations and anomalies in data.
Data mining is the automatic discovery of patterns, associations and changes in large data sets.
Data mining is the automatic extraction of meaningful information from large amounts of data.
Data mining is the data-driven extraction of information from large databases.
Data mining is the discovery of latent knowledge from information files.
Data mining is the elixir for which many are reaching.
Data mining is the natural complement of the experiment to find the reason of co-regulations.
Data mining is the next logical step in completing the circle of effective decision support.
Data mining is the practice of analyzing the data that the business has collected over time.
Data mining is the process of converting data into information.
Data mining is the process of discovering useful patterns in large data sets.
Data mining is the process of extracting useful information from large databases.
Data mining is the process of finding actionable information from a set of raw data.
Data mining is the research area where methods for exploration of large data sets are developed.
Data mining is the tool to create that success.
Data mining is viewed as an exploratory data analysis on large data sets.
Data mining is what provides the intelligence for our enterprise.
Data mining looks for patterns in data.
Data mining makes it possible to make productive use of their demographic information.
Data mining means finding unexpected relationships in a data set.
Data mining means getting information from fairly large and frequently updated resources.
Data mining offers a powerful antidote.
Data mining presents a great opportunity for Canada in the field of bioinformatics.
Data mining refers to automated methods of deriving information from massive amounts of raw data.
Data mining refers to the manipulation and retrieval of the information in a data warehouse.
Data mining requires numerically and statistically intensive queries.
Data mining reveals patterns and trends to predict future business direction.
Data mining reveals the tactical and strategic information hidden in large databases.
Data mining reveals trends, spots patterns and predicts outcomes.
Data mining serves to find information that is hidden within the available data.
Data mining turns data into dollars.
Data mining turns data into information.
Data mining uses a discovery approach.
Data mining uses a technique called modeling.
Some data mining is done to confirm a statistically done choice.
Data model describes the structures of a DB and the operations that can be done on it.
Data model is designed base on the entity relationship model.
Data models are abstractions, oftentimes mathematical algorithms and concepts.
Data models are important.
Data models are models.
Data models are necessary to express an application s design.
Data models are powerful vehicles for communicating ideas and strategic plans.
Data models are the accepted way for planning and designing an integrated data architecture.
Data models are the blueprints of the data in a warehousing environment.
Data models are very time-consuming to develop.
Data models contain data entities, their attributes, and relationships between data entities.
Data models exist in a variety of forms with varying degrees of syntactic and semantic information.
Data models represent a shared conceptual understanding of organizational databases.
Most data models have provision for relationships between entities.
Data modeling has to incorporate all possible future options of a systems.
Data modeling helps communication by making abstract the real-world complexities.
Data modeling is a first step in designing an object-oriented program.
Data modeling is a first step in designing an object-oriented programming .
Data modeling is an essential part of the solution.
Data modeling is one of the first steps in a development project.
Data modeling is the foundation of database quality.
Data modeling is the hardest and most important part of any module.
Data modeling is the practice of designing a database using a series of related models.
Data modelling is a methodology for structuring data for use in a database system .
Data modelling is a methodology for structuring data for use in database system.
Data network remains to be the greatest fear for the telecom provider sector.
Data networks are bursty in nature.
Data networks have individual benefit as well.
Data networks is a growth area in which competitors are very active.
Most data networks are mostly commercial systems.
Some data networks charge based on the amount of data or the number of minutes used.
Some data networks pay for themselves in only months.
Data normalization is automatic and transparent to the user.
Data normalization is covered.
Data normalization is the final preprocessing step.
Data objects are represented as icons, groups of objects are representedby folders.
Data objects are self-contained representations of data.
Data objects can wrap data of any size.
Data objects contain raw or derived data.
Every data object has an alignment-requirement .
Every data object is thought of as an infinite stream of simple values, every function as a filter.
Many data objects can share the same type info object.
Data packets contain additional data.
Data packets contain addresses that indicate the intended destination.
Data packets contain information about where they have been and what machines they have transited.
Data packets travel in a single direction around the ring from one network device to the next.
Data packets travel with the source address of the firewall.
All data packets are secure and the issue of physical security is detailed below.
All data packets follow the same path from source to destination.
Data page includes links to websites on data, surveys , and healthcare information standards.
Data parallelism involves performing a similar computation on many data objects simultaneously.
Data persistence carries consumer inputs from tool to tool and session to session.
All data plans require activation on a digital voice calling plan.
Data plots are currently under construction.
A data point is information
Data points are also overlain to access a variety of information.
Data points are average of two years for both percent moisture and witchgrass emergence.
Data points are delta distances in units of arcseconds.
Data points are few.
Data points are in IEEE binary floating point format.
Data points are shown superimposed on the theoretical blackbody curve.
Data points are staggered for clarity.
Data points are the azimuthally averaged surface brightness within each annulus.
Data points can be either chronological, integer or floating point numbers.
Data points have a line name, an x value and a y value.
Data points indicate how many millions of years ago species diverged.
Data points re means of three individual experiments carried out in duplicate or triiplicate.
Data points recorded over a field provide the basis for a map of yields.
Data points represent average values.
All data points are close to a slightly curved surface.
All data points are directly accessible by the user for bang on values.
All data points related to each genus are indicated.
All data points represent displacements in millimeters .
All data points use either fluorescent or metal halide.
Every data point is given equal weight along the regression line.
Every data point is plotted with a mark, symbol, or label.
More data points makes a normal distribution more probable.
Data preparation involves filling in missing values and correcting errors.
Data presentation becomes an increasingly difficult problem as the dimension of the data increases.
Data presentation includes a multitude of reports, graphs and pie charts.
Data presentation is an integral component of the course.
A data processing is a processing
Data processing are processing.
Data processing are seekings.
Data processing can be very time consuming, and it can require skilled staff to do it.
Data processing continues apace.
Data processing has better management controls and set standards.
Data processing has many job specialties.
Data processing includes extraction and analysis, using statistical and numerical techniques.
Data processing includes thematic data classification, data integration and data mapping.
Data processing includes translating the marker location information into movements.
Data processing involves data calibration, evaluation and subsequent archiving.
Data processing is a four-year course of study.
Data processing is also increasingly important.
Data processing is an essential component of our research.
Data processing is an important stage between data collection and data analysis.
Data processing is at the heart of any digital marine mapping operation.
Data processing is capable of removing some haze and smoke.
Data processing is currently underway.
Data processing is done automatically upon completion of the collection process.
Data processing is done repeatedly depending on ephemerides prepared.
Data processing is in progress.
Data processing is normal.
Data processing is only a subset of a customer's application requirements.
Data processing is the responsibility of the user.
Data processing is underway.
Data processing is unthinkable without the use of old media.
Data processing occurs in two phases.
Data processing requires only a minute.
Data processing takes up to a day per work unit and much longer if it is run just as a screensaver.
Data processing tops the list of industries with the fastest salary growth .
All data processing is performed on site.
A data processor is a machine
Data processor having wait state control unit.
Data publishing involves creating Web pages from information stored in a database.
Data quality appears to be excellent, despite a high level of cultural noise.
Data quality exceeds national averages and is improving, but remains problematic.
Data quality goes beyond 'clean data' to evaluation of data for 'fitness for use'.
Data quality has yet to emerge as a prominent issue.
Data quality is a business issue, and data quality improvement is a business necessity.
Data quality is an important aspect, with checking being at least as important as transcribing.
Data quality is an important factor to help demonstrate reductions.
Data quality is critical to a user's willingness to use the data warehouse.
Data quality is critical to results.
Data quality is critical to the success of regional enforcement efforts.
Data quality is critical.
Data quality is crucial for indexing.
Data quality is enhanced when resources are tied to that quality.
Data quality is extremely important in information society.
Data quality is garanteed by an automatic quality control process.
Data quality is good in middle flight tracks.
Data quality is good throughout the logged intervals.
Data quality is good to excellent.
Data quality is important.
Data quality is meaningful only when it relates to the intended use of the data.
Data quality is subjective.
Data quality is the most important aspect of bathymetric prediction.
Data quality is very good.
Data quality is, in general, excellent.
Data quality is, of course, a user responsibility.
Data quality needs to be monitored constantly.
Data quality varies considerably among measures.
Data races rot the brain and corrupt the soul.
A data rate is a rate
Data rates apply.
Data rates are also lower, so overall utilization is higher.
Data rates are high and there are no per-packet charges for data transmission.
Data rates are low and charges are based on usage.
Data rates are rates.
Data rates are slightly higher.
Data rates are slower, but compression technologies boost their throughput.
Data rates depend on the quality of the cellular connection.
Data rates explode.
Data rates fast enough for realistic Internet connectivity.
Data rates vary .
Data rates vary according to interface.
Data rates vary.
DATA record lives on one line Make sure that final curly is on a line by itself.
Data recorder is weather resistant for field use and installation.
Data recording is divided into a compulsory core section and an optional section.
Data recovery becomes all but impossible for even the most sophisticated of hackers.
Data recovery can be a time consuming process, and therefore the fee is non-refundable.
Data recovery is a mixture of science and art.
Data recovery is a tricky business best left to experts.
Data recovery is intended to remove and record the archaeological information at a site or sites.
Data recovery is seen as the best means to preserve important information before it is lost.
Data recovery is slow.
Data reduction involves selecting, focusing, simplifying, abstracting, and transforming raw data.
Data redundancy occurs when the data is stored in more than one place in the database.
Data redundancy protects the data from hard drive failures.
Data replication allows data to be replicated across the room or across the world automatically.
Data replication can take place on a nightly basis.
Data replication is another major time-saving feature.
Data replication is one way to work around the data availability problem.
Data replication is very attractive to increase system throughput and provide fault-tolerance.
Data replication provides the traditional remedy.
Data replication serves other purposes.
Data reporting is a costly and inefficient process.
Data reporting is available at no extra charge.
Data reporting is typically a combination of tabular and graphic presentation.
All data repositories have their own static data representation.
Data representation affects problem-solving strategies.
Data representation is based on multi-dimensional arrays.
Data representation is presented through the different number systems and character codes.
Data restoration is more complete.
Data retrieval is defined as the process of extracting data from any database system.
Data retrieval is done through a dial-up system, using telephone lines, or cellular modems.
Data retrieval is done via traversing the relevant directories systematically.
Data retrieval is fast and simple.
Data retrieval is key.
Data retrieval is much more sophisticated than either abstracting services or citation listings.
Data retrieval is quick, typically requiring only a few seconds to view a taxpayer's return.
Data retrieval is simple.
All data sampling is subject to random error, period.
Data series can be monthly, quarterly, or annual.
Data series have two, three, five, six or seven columns.
Data set is updated annually.
Data sets are a matrix of rows and columns.
Data sets are also available on disk.
Data sets are also available.
Data sets are available for both the United States and the United Kingdom.
Data sets are available for download and can usually be acquired within a day.
Data sets are available from completed sequential trials.
Data sets are available on disk in the back of the text.
Data sets are available to evaluators.
Data sets are complex and multidimensional.
Data sets are currently available for North America and Africa.
Data sets are downloadable, with descriptions, codebooks, and a way to analyze certain variables.
Data sets are files of historical data.
Data sets are grouped by subject area and tips on using data are available.
Data sets are highly compressed to facilitate internet transfer.
Data sets are large when the application is deployed, but can quickly grow to be huge.
Data sets are listedin alphabetical order by subject.
Data sets are often available on CD-ROM, but are typically accessed through the Internet.
Data sets are pressure, temperature, position, and ice velocity.
Data sets are vectors of floating point numbers.
Data sets can be byte, integer, longint, or real and can be as large as memory allows.
Data sets can be either transmitters or receivers, or both.
Data sets can contain two or more mode values that occur with the same frequency.
Data sets can use two colors that alternate with rows for better legibility.
Data sets collected include soil respiration, temperature, moisture, and gravimetric data.
Data sets contain tens of thousands atoms are generated.
Data sets containing daily data are typically several gigabytes in size.
Data sets continue to expand in size, complexity, and density.
Data sets differ by the definition of a basic record, as summarized below.
Data sets have names of the form 'rirxxx' where xxx is the page number.
Data sets have no duplicate entries except the Gaussian distribution.
Data sets identifying the number and locations of dams are contradictory.
Data sets used for illustrations and exercises are available from the internet.
Data sets vary in size from a few kilobytes to several hundred megabytes.
All data sets appear to show both second and third peaks.
All data sets are in shape file format.
All data sets contain just the raw data.
All data sets have uncertainty.
Every data set is accompanied by detailed documentation and format description.
Every data set is illustrated by a high-quality colour print.
Most data sets are DLGs.
Most data sets are either directly viewable or downloadable online through inventory searches.
Most data sets are for sale but the site includes clickable demonstration maps.
Most data sets are in between.
Most data sets are in spreadsheet format and include time-series data that are updated annually.
Most data sets are in spreadsheet format and include time-series data that are updated yearly.
Most data sets are statewide in extent, unless otherwise indicated in the title.
Most data sets are very large.
Most data sets have browse images which are created as soon as possible after initial data ingest.
Most data sets require at least basic statistical or spreadsheet programs for use.
Some data sets are already fairly complete, others just contain the name of the species.
Some data sets are available along with links .
Some data sets are available online at no cost.
Some data sets are available to download with registered usernames and passwords.
Some data sets are classics.
Some data sets are free and can be downloaded.
Some data sets are free and others are available only through paid subscription.
Some data sets are free and others can be ordered for a small nominal fee.
Some data sets are inherently more complex.
Some data sets are very small volume but important to science nevertheless.
Some data sets exist for various components in specific environments.
Some data sets have on-line search systems for direct subsetting and download.
Data sharing can be compulsory.
Data sharing happens when organizations share or compare personal information in any format.
Data sharing helps ensure that rare data sets are more completely utilized.
Data sharing is a form of communication by a common piece of global data.
Data sharing is a major obstacle to language embedding.
Data sharing is controlled by access restriction on the Web.
Data sharing is essential for coordinating supply chain activities across the corporation.
Data sharing is far from standard.
Data sharing is improved through the utilization of database systems.
Data sharing is primarily through regular data transfers.
Data sharing permits information to be transferred from one individual to another.
Data sharing requires a common data model, and a defined vocabulary within the model.
Data sheet contains separate area for noting species.
Data sheet is available.
Data sheet provides features and dimensions.
Data signals have to be regenerated along the way.
Data silos can even provide data extrapolation and interpolation for a variety of categories.
Data source Identify the data source for each performance indicator.
Data source is the official statistic institut in Italy.
Data source is transparent to the terminal.
Data sources are appropriate and transparent.
Data sources are disparate and data structures are often quite complex.
Data sources are dynamic.
Data sources are inappropriate.
Data sources are more abundant today than even a few years ago.
Data sources are the same oldish reports.
Data sources exist in an organization in many forms.
Data sources Find economic data and statistics online for use in research projects.
Data Sources Find lots of good data for reference and projects.
Data Sources Following is a list of systems that require data correlation.
Data sources have the capability to provide some sort of textual error descriptions.
Data Sources Learn the origin of each dataset shown.
Data sources provide a split in income from equity, bonds and notes, and money market instruments.
Data sources vary by country.
Data sources vary by map subject.
All data sources are automatically updated.
Many data sources are available in nulook.
Many data sources are available.
Many data sources are difficult to access due to a lack of user-friendly interfaces.
Some data sources require an instance value.
Data space refers to space taken up on the disk cache by the actual data within user files.
Data storage enters a new dimension .
Data storage has to become an enormous market.
Data storage is a classic commodity.
Data storage is a complicated subject.
Data storage is a different animal.
Data storage is a leading growth area in the enterprise IT market.
Data storage is a major concern for enterprises today.
Data storage is a prime example.
Data storage is a problem dating back to the earliest days of computing.
Data storage is a significant problem in a client based application.
Data storage is accomplished using zip and optical density disks.
Data storage is an issue for PDAs today.
Data storage is cheap and easy to supply.
Data storage is easier to keep things organized and possibly invoke security measures if needed.
Data storage is minimal with some providing extra modules for storage.
Data storage is on computer disks located within the computer room.
Data storage is one area where products show some divergence.
Data storage is provided by five identical DTRs.
Data storage is provided by the computer data acquisition system.
Data storage is provided for department related items.
Data storage is spread among several different disk volumes.
Data storage takes place in an area on disk called the home directory.
Data stores refer to entities that have been defined.
Every data store is translated into one or more object classes.
Data stream generated by tracking process is adequate to be transmitted through a narrow band line.
Data stream is a mulaw sound.
Data streams contain the user data that is transparently transmitted between the network elements.
Data streams flow to and from points at which the process is being controlled.
Many data streams consist of interleaved segments of a variety of other streams.
Data strobe is deasserted.
A data structure is an organization
Data structure diagrams.
Data structure is only superficially related to the display of data.
Data structure specifies the arrangement and relationship of logical and physical data.
Data structures are a fundamental aspect of learning about programming.
Data structures are an important part of many computer programs.
Data structures are arrangements.
Data structures are covered, it's just that an awful lot of other stuff is in there too.
Data structures are in place and model preprocessing is complete.
Data structures are mechanisms that organize information.
Data structures are optimistically updated.
Data structures are tables and multidimensional arrays stored in FITS files.
Data structures are the essential building blocks of complex programs.
Data structures are well explained and motivated.
Data structures determine the way in which information can be used .
Data structures determine the way in which information can be used.
Data structures examined include stack, queue, list, tree, and graph.
Data structures maxima.
Data structures provide the modeler with a way to group data elements.
Data structures represent relations among data items.
All data structures have a main included for testing.
Most data structures are collections of fixed-size descriptors.
Most data structures have a main included for testing.
Some data structures lend themselves to certain needs better than others.
Some data structures suggest new algorithms.
Data surveillance can be both ubiquitous and transparent to the user.
Data synchronization allows data to be shared between offices with ease.
A data system is a system
Data system has direct connect PV monitoring software.
Data systems are a very critical factor for the success of our realignment.
Data systems are never copied to exabyte.
Data systems are systems.
Data systems are user friendly and capable of displaying any level in an organization.
Data systems provide for a wide variety of test measurements to accomodate customer needs.
All data systems are new.
All data systems are subject to nonsampling errors.
Data table includes space for recording each item of data in a logical arrangement.
Data table is constructed containing all specified data.
Data table is in .xls format.
Data table lacks some necessary features or is incomplete.
Data tables Provide information of row and column headers .
Some data tables are available in full-text format in the database.
Some data tables are available in full-text in the database.
Some data tables are available online.
Data technologies represents the technologies that enable data storage and manipulation.
Most data theft occurs when users leave the computers on, unattended.
Data traffic generating by e-mail also accounts for a significant portion of the revenues.
Data traffic grows daily, actually by the minute.
Data traffic is considerably faster and the transmission quality is more reliable.
Data traffic is ignored on the standby.
Data traffic is just too bursty.
Data traffic is transported to the Internet or to corporate LANs.
Data transfer can be complex and requires some experience.
Data transfer can be hundreds of times faster.
Data transfer has a broadcast characteristic.
Data transfer involves quite a bit of error-checking and handshaking.
Data transfer involves two processes.
Data transfer is a sensitive matter.
Data transfer is activated by SMS-Shortnote messages.
Data transfer is asynchronous supporting modules with a broad variety of response times.
Data transfer is done at client's site.
Data transfer is done with messages of the following type.
Data transfer is easy with the software and PC-PC cable included.
Data transfer is faster for large contiguous chunks of data, though.
Data transfer is measured in megabytes per month.
Data transfer is more difficult when different departments have been using separate databases.
Data transfer is performed by the storage subsystems with no host assistance.
Data transfer is provided on-demand, as often as customers require.
Data transfer is reliable and safe even under harsh industrial conditions.
Data transfer is slow, though.
Data transfer is the exchange of data and is essential to foster sharing of geographic data.
Data transfer is ultimately reliable and fast.
Data transfer is up to five times faster than the previous version, and overall capacity is doubled.
Data transfer occurs at two to four megabytes per second.
Data transfer occurs in two main steps.
Data transfer refers to the amount of data sent over the Internet.
Data transfer takes only a few seconds.
Data transfer uses an error-correcting protocol.
Every data transfer is encrypted for safety.
More data transfer is available .
Data transformations occur after the comparisons are complete.
Most data transformations are simple recodes of one value into another.
Data transmissions are much more sensitive to line noise than voice calls.
Data transmissions are vital and very often encrypted.
All data transmission is based on open protocols.
Most data transmissions are, in fact, bursty in nature.
Data truncation occurs with the currently specified fill pattern in a byte storage location.
Data type is c-byte.
Data type is duality of values and operations .
Data type is either real or string, depending on the application.
Data type is number.
Data types are in parentheses.
Data types are simple data entities such as strings, numbers and dates.
Data TYPEs are the primary means of storing data.
Data types are types of data e.g. text data.
Data types are values.
Data types can be numeric, string or graphic.
Data types can be of almost arbitrary complexity.
Data types can either be Binary numerical data or readable text.
Data types covered include lists, stacks, queues and trees.
Data types covered include simple data types, arrays, structs, and C-style strings.
Data types defined by the data source take precedence over user-defined data types.
Data types describe the format of the data.
Data types form the basics of any programming language.
Data types give a basis for communication.
Data types linked below are currently available.
Data types represent one kind of business rules, that constrain database values to be valid.
Data types specify what the type of data can be for that particular column.
Data types support generic functions for equality, mapping, folding, etc.
Data types vary with processing software, but generally several stages of processing are preserved.
All data types are available for arrays.
All data types are legal as parameters and return types.
All data types specify the operations that can be performed on an entity of that type.
Any data type is allowable in the write-list .
Every data type is defined by a datadef element.
Many data types are available for download directly from the on-line database.
Many data types have functions available for conversion to other related types.
Most data types place demands on multiple component types.
Most data types use all the bit patterns that can be formed with the eight bits of a byte.
Some data types are sensitive to delay, while other types are sensitive to reliability.
Some data types require additional data from which to create the interface.
Data typing allows the classification of data according to format and functional properties.
Data typing is one of the key issues being debated.
Data validation can help solve or prevent a wide variety of problems.
Data validation checks the reasonableness or appropriateness of the value in a variable or property.
Data validation ensures that information entered in afield is consistent with the field type.
Data validation involves the identification of faulty data within a given data set.
Data validation is a groovy little thing.
Data validation is a little tricky with a server based application.
Data validation is an important issue for programmers.
Data validation is described for specific Michigan watersheds.
Data validation is done at the time of data entry, character by character.
Data validation is implemented by adding hidden fields to forms.
Data validation is important in programming .
Data validation is performed during data entry.
Data validation is very extensive.
Data validation is very powerful.
Data validation occurs when appropriate, such as dates and dollar amounts.
Data validation takes place with appropriate error messages.
Data values are continuous with infinitely many values.
Data values are in millions of acres.
Data values are one or a series of alphanumeric codes indicating national emergency status.
Data values are positive, but represent the number of dBs below the maximum gain point.
Data values are sourced from the individual articles, where available, for each nebula.
Data values can be strings, numeric, untyped data, or a nested view, called a subview .
Data values contain all the possible values of an attribute.
All data values are in hundreds of acres.
Data verification demonstrates that a set of data meets a specified set of criteria.
Data verification ensures perfect copies.
Data verification is performed as the preliminary step in a localization project.
Data view is used to type information into fields on a form.
Data views provided include degree of collaboration, e-business revenue and size of organization.
Data views provided include level of commitment to reducing complexity and size of organization.
Data visualization is a key component.
Data visualization is a method of organizing the data so that the user can see trends and patterns.
Data warehouses are a different animal.
Data warehouses are a major industry.
Data warehouses are a popular first step.
Data warehouses are expensive.
Data warehouses are organic.
Data warehouses are vital competitive tools.
Data warehouses become portals, etc.
Data warehouses can provide that business intelligence.
Data warehouses can simplify the creation and maintenance of routine reports.
Data warehouses contain extracted data.
Data warehouses contain large amounts of data.
Data warehouses exist in multiple forms and redundancy in larger organizations.
Data warehouses extract, clean, transform and integrate vast amounts of data from disparate systems.
Data warehouses form the core of a comprehensive decision-support system.
Data warehouses have to be user-friendly.
Data warehouses improve decision-making skills say experts.
Data warehouses mean that retailers can offer better product selection to customers.
Data warehouses require lots of disk space.
Data warehouses serve the needs of an entire enterprise.
Data warehouses support two main types of analysis.
Data warehouses track sales and inform the business of what customers are buying.
Many data warehouses are only capable of providing raw data.
Many data warehouses contain sparse but clustered multidimensional data.
Most data warehouses are hundreds of gigabytes in size, with many nearing a terabyte.
Most data warehouses utilize a star schema to map the multidimensional model.
Some data warehouses allow part of a table to be offline or disabled during the load.
Data warehousing can help support data access.
Data warehousing can only go so far.
Data warehousing can require extensive processing time.
Data warehousing can require large amounts of storage and work space .
Data warehousing describes the process of defining, populating, and using a data warehouse.
Data warehousing emphasizes the capture of data from diverse sources for useful analysis and access.
Data warehousing is a booming industry with many inter esting research problems.
Data warehousing is a combination of concept and technology.
Data warehousing is a complex, skill intensive, time consuming, and expensive process.
Data warehousing is a hot topic for many reasons.
Data warehousing is a hot topic in database management right now.
Data warehousing is a means of facilitating reporting.
Data warehousing is about servicing users.
Data warehousing is an iterative process.
Data warehousing is crucial because it basically stores the memory for our enterprise.
Data warehousing is defined as a process of centralized data management and retrieval.
Data warehousing is more than creating a simple repository of information, however.
Data warehousing is on the rise.
Data warehousing is one important and valuable form of data integration.
Data warehousing is one project - starting to attach processes to that data is another thing.
Data warehousing is perhaps the worst offender.
Data warehousing is process much like selling retail products.
Data warehousing is that part of relational technology that deals with getting the data out.
Data warehousing is the classic example.
Data warehousing is too complicated to learn from literature and theoretical consultants.
Data warehousing is very high on our radar screen.
Data warehousing plays an interesting role in data analysis cycle.
Data warehousing provides more than end user query access to raw production files.
Data warehousing reduces the load by moving it to somewhere else.
Data words are number coded.
Data isa aggregation.
Data isa collection.
Database administrators are critical to the development of an optimized data warehouse database.
Database administrators are often critical to a company's success.
Database administrators can advance to become computer and information systems managers .
Database administrators can easily relocate database files and add or change fields or user views.
Database administrators ensure databases run efficiently.
Database administrators ensure that data are available to many different users.
Database administrators have degrees.
Database administrators have duties.
Database administrators have to add a username and password to each server independently.
Database administrators have to select fields in advance to index to satisfy user queries.
Database administrators install and tune.
Database administrators make information.
Database administrators rule the online world.
Database administrators work on teams.
Most database administrators have a host of other duties, and are overworked.
Most database administrators have degrees.
Most database administrators have duties.
Most database administrators make information.
Most database administrators work on teams.
Some database administrators ensure many different users.
Some database administrators ensure users.
Some database administrators use software.
Database applications are a good example of a structured repository.
Database applications are by definition mission-critical.
Database applications are picky about configuration details.
Database applications are similar yet have variations in appearance and terminology.
Database applications can be custom written for a variety of customer uses.
Database applications can rely on a standard for finding services and people.
Database applications can vary widely in the ratio of system resources used.
Database applications require more processing to extract information.
Every database application uses combos for selecting a value from a lookup table.
Many database applications are available.
Most database applications are custom and priced per project.
Database connections are likewise easy to build and test.
Database constraints describe the boundaries for a legal instance.
Database descriptions are as follows.
Database design consists of two main components logical and physical design.
Database design has nothing to do with using computers.
Database design is a complex process that is very difficult for students to comprehend.
Database design is a field very closely related to hypermedia design.
Database design is a process consisting of many steps.
Database design is far along.
Database design is foreign to most people, even computer science students.
Database design is hard to learn because of the language typically used to discuss it.
Database design is incredibly difficult to do right and requires years of experience.
Database design is key for effective retrieval.
Database design is our specialty.
Database design is the foundation of a successful database application.
Database design is ultimately an exercise in methodology.
Database designs differ from reference databases in that they are empty.
Database designers use tables to group together common, repeating information.
Database development is still under way.
Database development is the key to intelligent use of the Web.
Database development is the primary thrust of genetics within the operational program area.
Database development skills a plus.
Database developments continue to move along nicely.
Database engine is carried out by the card microcomputer, the card is a new database machine.
Every database engine offers some security.
Database indexes are still the best way to search for journals by topic.
Database indexes cover the literature spanning several years or more.
Database integration allows personalized messages in either html or text format.
Database integration is a way of making conventional databases available through the web.
Database integration is the heart of the system.
Database management is a critical task for personalized printing.
Database management is a very important function within any office or business environment.
Database management is another example.
Database management is essential, but insufficient.
Database management is extremely important in the production of a successful mail campaign.
Database management is management
Database management is management.
Database management is one of our strengths.
Database management is one of the key points in telephone survey .
Database management is recognized as a key component to our success.
Database manager Includes calendars, schedulers and address books.
Database managers are software.
Database managers can manage all the functions required for creating and maintaining databases.
Most database managers retrieve photos based on a precise word match in the caption.
Some database managers are relational, while others use a flat- file format.
Database marketing is a competency.
Database marketing is a very accountable science.
Database marketing is also a process of judgment and selection.
Database marketing is another specialty.
Database marketing is fascinating.
Database marketing is much more than a fancy rolodex.
Database marketing is the future.
Database marketing requires change in most organizations if it is to succeed.
Database mining can help to realize value from data assets.
Database mining is a relatively new area of interest.
Database mining is the process of finding and extracting useful information from raw datasets.
Database mining is the process of finding the hidden gems locked in an organization's database.
Database mining supports the creation of knowledge from collected data.
Database mining uses machine learning techniques to find regularities in databases.
Database models are perhaps the best understood of all system models.
Database normalization is a method of designing good relational databases .
Database normalization is a method of designing good relational databases.
Database programs are application programs.
Database programming can be potentially quite complex.
Database programming is also useful.
Database programming is needed.
Database programming is our speciality.
Database records are also very flexible, containing standard and custom fields.
Database records are available in any output format on tape, diskette or cartridge.
Database records contain the data of the database.
Many database records contain Web links to the full text of source documents.
Database replication becomes very important here.
Database replication can be a PITA as it is.
Database replication involves copying a database and synchronizing the copies.
Database schema is changed automatically with changing of input HTML form structure.
Database schema is primary to any database, as all requests to any data go through it.
Database schema is shown in a hierarchical tree for a quick view of tables and columns.
Database schemas define the query and format of pages display on the Web.
Database servers are an enormous improvement over other database management systems.
Database servers are an example.
Database servers are servers.
Database servers can report transactions and loads.
Database servers make critical company and customer data readily available to users.
Most database servers are quite expensive to set up.
Some database servers have a limit of the number of tables within a database.
Database size can go down to less than a megabyte.
Database size exceeds threshold.
Database size has minimal effect on retrieval times.
Database size is limited only by capacity of the platform.
Database size is limited only by disk space.
Database size is listed.
Database size is the main constraint on an in-memory database.
Most database software is still far too difficult to understand for ordinary users.
Some database software creates html pages from the database pages.
Database system manages multiple businesses and multiple sites.
Database systems are big users of default passwords.
Database systems are more easily manageable for websites with thousands of products.
Database systems are the software systems used to manage large volumes of data.
Database systems form the core technology supporting modern information systems.
Database systems help organize and develop content.
Database systems recover persistent data, providing high database availability.
Database systems use a 'network model' to store their data in a graph.
All database systems permit some form of inquiry.
Every database system has areas in which it particularly excels.
Many database systems allow multiple users to work in a file simultaneously.
Many database systems used on the Internet are slow.
Most database systems implement concurrency control with locks.
Database technologies are capable of Stupendous Things.
Database transactions are straight-forward.
Database triggers apply procedural statements to database operations.
A database is information
Database allows easy access to custom output and downloading to spreadsheets.
Database assesses the importance of academic advising for academic success.
Database assigns obj to the database under name .
Database backend now runing the chicken.
Database backends for web clients.
Database compiles information about the current crime scene, while calling on other crime scenes.
Database consists of almost all DNS entries and it is huge.
Database consists of dealership inventories and listings by private sellers.
Database contain gender, racial and ethnic breakdowns.
Database contains all required elements.
Database contains as assessment as to the accuracy of the property's location.
Database contains comics, art books, prints, animation, adult pinups.
Database contains data for all sources down to detection limit.
Database contains full-text articles in science, humanities, and business.
Database contains high resolution infrared spectra of simple, gas-phase species.
Database contains information on approx.
Database contains information on assistive technology products.
Database contains information on case studies of mnau recent land slides.
Database contains legal information primarily about Michigan cases, court rules, and law.
Database contains links to school home pages and email addresses.
Database contains listing of costumes by year with description and some images.
Database contains only online registrations.
Database contains plenty of images, as well.
Database contains publishers interested in ad exchanges, listed by category.
Database contains reports from the current certified year.
Database contains trees, shrubs, vines, groundcovers, perennials and annuals.
Database covers all topics, arts, business, humanities, health, social science, and general science.
Database covers major American and Russian physics and astronomy journals.
Database covers waste treatment, disposal, recycling, and associated environmental hazards.
Database create and show sorting and filtering.
Database developers software or rapid application development software.
Database enables online searching for information on pediatric disorders and diseases.
Database gateways help programs read and write to remote databases or files.
Database indexes academic material on health and cultural aspects of sexuality.
Database isa information.
Database lists current research in all subjects in colleges and other institutes in Britain.
Database manages and manipulates a collection of data.
Database matches available jobs and careers with management, bartenders and chefs.
Database queries Create another database, sort it and index it.
Database queries Practice with more complicated databases having date and logical fields.
Database records management and extensive census data.
Database records on Dialog can be index, abstract, or full-text format.
Database reports available for travel managers.
Database reports by customer and artist are available.
Database resides in the master file.
Database resides on file-server.
Database responds with response message packet.
Database searches .
Database searches for details on specific induction and certificate programs yielded very little.
Database searches for protein keywords is due to be implemented soon.
Database searches for scholarships that fit with student-entered information.
Database searches for slides can range from simple to complex.
Database searches Information in the following databases is updated regularly.
Database searches resp.
Database skills a plus.
Database skills mandatory.
Database targets small to medium-sized businesses.
Database tests a database by connecting to it and performing a query.
Database upgrades available.
Databases abound on the net and many randomly place dates without any qualification of the data.
Databases act as electronic indexes to articles from magazines, journals and newspapers.
Databases allow different kinds of searches.
Databases allow for information to dynamically change based on user preferences.
Databases allow for the management and processing of large amounts of data.
Databases allow information to be stored and manipulated easily.
Databases allow users to add, delete or modify entries themselves on-line.
Databases allow users to search stored information in a variety of ways.
Databases already enjoy some protections.
Databases already play a big role in all our lives.
Databases also are a central point in which to collect and analyze lessons learned.
Databases also contains Metadata.
Databases also differ in the kinds of material they index.
Databases also enable users to conduct a fast and efficient materials search.
Databases also make all product or service information readily available.
Databases also provide interactive opportunities for users.
Databases also provide search engines that save a considerable amount of time for administrators.
Databases also provide title and author searching.
Databases also use different fields.
Databases appear to be the product of choice for some provincial agencies.
Databases applets screenshot and download .
DataBases are a fun way to teach students critical thinking skills.
Databases are a great way to manage data on a group like students.
Databases are a key component in instrumentation.
Databases are a part of everyday life for many people.
Databases are accessible in Belgium, Italy, England, Greece and Portugal.
Databases are accessible throught telnet or Web connections.
Databases are all different however the principles of searching are the same.
Databases are also accessible from home or office computers.
Databases are also available for law firms or corporate law libraries and academic law libraries.
Databases are also available for Minnesota, Ohio, and Wisconsin.
Databases are also available.
Databases are also useful for sorting through product descriptions for a specific item.
Databases are always in read-write mode at creation time.
Databases are an enigma in that they are both simple and complex.
Databases are an example of concepts that typically expand as they evolve.
Databases are an excellent way to keep track of phone numbers and addresses, recipes, books, etc.
Databases are an important part of the Internet.
Databases are an important way of organizing and analyzing large amount of information.
Databases are another tool for botanical science research.
Databases are available at careers libraries and, increasingly, on the Internet.
Databases are available either by accessing networked CD-ROMs or through the Internet.
Databases are available for commercial organizations, and details of cost are available on request.
Databases are available for general and academic subjects .
Databases are available for nine popular collecting areas.
Databases are available from home.
Databases are available in almost every subject area.
Databases are available in virtually all subject areas.
Databases are available on CD-ROM and on the Internet.
Databases are available on plant collections and various vertebrate populations.
Databases are available that provide abstracts from research articles.
Databases are available to all library visitors.
Databases are available to outside users upon payment of a fee.
Databases are available to search for journal articles.
Databases are available to store information.
Databases are available.
Databases are collections of information and citations online.
Databases are commonplace and are used everyday.
Databases are complex sophisticated instruments compared to free web search engines.
Databases are critical to a robust marketplace.
Databases are crucial tools for computer-aided software engineering.
Databases are cumulative from the beginning of each congressional session.
Databases are currently the dominant application for large computer systems.
Databases are disk-based.
Databases are dynamic.
Databases are easily expandable.
Databases are efficient and easily reconfigured.
Databases are either bibliographical or full-text.
Databases are either full text or bibliographic.
Databases are electronic repositories of information.
Databases are equivalent to catalogs whose creation is implementation-defined.
Databases are especially good tools to weigh the relative importance of variables.
Databases are essential for many of today's e-commerce sites.
Databases are even harder to get.
Databases are everywhere.
Databases are files.
Databases are French, Spanish, Italian and British.
Databases are fully editable and records can be changed and new records added.
Databases are fun.
Databases are giant warehouses of information.
Databases are good tools to weigh the importance of variables .
Databases are great at managing more records.
Databases are great for sorting and sifting information.
Databases are great methods to make allocation information available to others for digestion.
Databases are highly fragmented.
Databases are ideal for information that is defined and categorized.
Databases are important resources for sequence analysis and research.
Databases are in a subdirectory of the environment home.
Databases are in all subject areas.
Databases are incomplete, especially for email addresses.
Databases are indexes to the articles in journals.
Databases are information.
Databases are integral elements of both our research and our litigation management.
Databases are keyword searchable and results can be downloaded.
Databases are like catalogs for articles.
Databases are like file folders, and inside the folders are records.
Databases are lists of information.
Databases are literally everywhere.
Databases are memory hogs.
Databases are mission critical within every company's environment.
Databases are mostly relational.
Databases are necessary for many types of web sites.
Databases are nice, but they are no substitute for careful planning.
Databases are now more than rows and columns.
Databases are often computerised versions of printed indexes.
Databases are on clustered servers.
Databases are one of many choices.
Databases are one of the tools that libraries use to keep track of published information.
Databases are online and can be accessed easily.
Databases are only available off campus to current students, faculty and staff .
Databases are only one tier of a multitier application.
Databases are only the beginning.
Databases are organised collections of information or records in computer format.
Databases are organized collections of information.
Databases are organized collections of related data.
Databases are organized lists of facts and information.
Databases are our friends.
Databases are particularly useful for Searching and Sorting the text.
Databases are password protected along with having several levels of security features.
Databases are password restricted to current students and faculty.
Databases are password-protected.
Databases are picky things.
Databases are powerful and wonderful things.
Databases are probably one of the most common and fundamental types of software.
Databases are probably the most prevalent computer application.
Databases are programs that contain information that can be searched according to various criteria.
Databases are really complicated things.
Databases are really very complicated critters.
Databases are regularly updated where possible.
Databases are searchable as a complete set or separately.
Databases are searchable at workstations located at each of the community hospitals.
Databases are searchable by a variety of operators and commands.
Databases are searchable by content area and grade level.
Databases are searchable.
Databases are selective in choosing articles for fulltext.
Databases are simple text files.
Databases are sophisticated and highly tunable software products.
Databases are storehouses for large amounts of information.
Databases are strange things.
Databases are sync'ed back to the card.
Databases are the banks that hold the currency of information.
Databases are the best for delivering searchable, detailed information.
Databases are the core of all business information systems.
Databases are the core of the e-infrastructure.
Databases are the driving force behind e-commerce.
Databases are the electronic replacement for traditional filing and record keeping systems.
Databases are the foundations of systems.
Databases are the fundamental driving force behind any business application.
Databases are the heart of most programming jobs.
Databases are the ideal format for inputting, storing, searching and retrieving information.
Databases are the ideal way to store and retrieve information over the Web.
Databases are the most vital part of the Internet.
Databases are the organization s core intelligence repository.
Databases are the preferred storage system for large amounts data.
Databases are the repositories of data that drive e-commerce applications.
Databases are the textual counterparts of spreadsheet programs.
Databases are treasured assets.
Databases are ubiquitous, but are also seen as contributing to 'information overload'.
Databases are under construction and valuation models in design.
Databases are under-utilized in schools, in part because of the fear so many have of statistics.
Databases are updated weekly.
Databases are useful research tools when looking for specific information in one subject area.
Databases are usually more current than the paper indexes since they can be updated electronically.
Databases are very difficult to maintain.
Databases are very important, especially for marketing purposes.
Databases are very nit-picky things.
Databases are very similar to filing cabinets.
Databases are welcome, too.
Databases automate the updating process and refresh the Web pages every time the content is changed.
Databases base on versions.
Databases based on real-time data like traffic and weather suffer similarly.
Databases become corrupted or suspect.
Databases below are to find information published as articles in journals or magazines.
Databases break down.
Databases bring counties and cities much-needed revenue.
Databases can act as the intermediary between multiple agents.
Databases can affect our lives in various ways.
Databases can also calculate final grades.
Databases can also share locations.
Databases can appear under more than one subject.
Databases can be a complex and hairy subject, with a vocabulary seemingly all their own.
Databases can be as rigid or open as the student needs.
Databases can be bibliographic or full text .
Databases can be elaborate.
Databases can be in any folder on any drive.
Databases can be interactive exploration tools.
Databases can be lifesavers, but they require some maintenance.
Databases can be of many types.
Databases can be quite large, sometimes too big to save on one disk.
Databases can be unique or standardized.
Databases can be uploaded to the hand-held for lookup and verification purposes.
Databases can centralize office operations and make organizing information easy.
Databases can either have a very basic search function or be quite sophisticated.
Databases can have many different uses.
Databases can help make patterns more obvious.
Databases can help screen information specific to one type of company.
Databases can hold a variety of information ranging from addresses to business contacts.
Databases can include parents, current students, and friends of the school, as well as alumni.
Databases can incorporate interpolation of existing data and the inclusion of user data.
Databases can last much, much longer.
Databases can move transparently between operating systems and computer architectures.
Databases can now accomplish the same surveillance and tracking much more efficiently.
Databases can only generate leads.
Databases can operate through automated files, libraries, or computer disks.
Databases can provide quick and thorough search feedback to the individual searcher.
Databases can reside on a database server which is made available to multiple users.
Databases can share locations.
Databases can sometimes be too complicated.
Databases can store tremendous amounts of data arranged in a bewildering array of tables and fields.
Databases can take two main forms.
Databases can transmit films, news, books and photos.
Databases change in size fairly substantially.
Databases collect together articles in a subject area.
Databases collect, sort, and present information according to fields .
Databases come from different sources.
Databases come from several different sources.
Databases come from several sources.
Databases come from sources.
Databases come in all sizes, subjects and formats.
Databases come in many forms.
Databases come with a variety of functionality.
Databases consist of data, stored in a data structure.
Databases consist of dozens of document types.
Databases consist of lists of indexed and searchable items.
Databases consist of records .
Databases consist of varying numbers of different types of records.
Databases constitute one of the key technologies that is spearheading the Information Revolution.
Databases contain citations or full-text articles and documents.
Databases contain ecological information.
Databases contain extracted data and bibliographic references.
Databases contain financial information.
Databases contain full text.
Databases contain human knowledge.
Databases contain indexes.
Databases contain information from specific journal collections or on specific topics.
Databases contain information.
Databases contain knowledge.
Databases contain more complete and sophisticated organizational structures.
Databases contain results.
Databases contain special information.
Databases contain specialized storage containers called tables.
Databases contain summaries.
Databases contain taxonomic information.
Databases contain text.
Databases contain the information that is used to analyze and determine a solution to a problem.
Databases containing public safety points of contact from surrounding jurisdictions can be helpful.
Databases cover a wide range of international patent information.
Databases cover a wide range of topics.
Databases cover all areas and are strong in the field of medicine.
Databases cover electronic indexes that are purchased each year.
Databases cover medical, administrative, and nursing publications.
Databases cover mental health organizations, contact persons, and bibliographic information.
Databases covered include full-text, bibliographic, cartographic, legal and statistical.
Databases covering antiques and decorative art, fine art, or rare books are available.
Databases create opportunities for misuse of private information.
Databases currently exist for classification of waste streams and waste tank status and condition.
Databases differ from Internet sites in content, organization, and appearance.
Databases differ in size, coverage of the Web, and frequency of updates.
Databases differ in the kinds of information that they include.
Databases disappear, host addresses change or protocols are updated.
Databases do extremely well with hierarchical information such as classification.
Databases do it better.
Databases do more than just hold data.
Databases eliminate duplicative efforts.
Databases encompass so many things in problem solving - there is no right way to lay out a database.
Databases essentially are tools that allow the storage and retrieval of information.
Databases exist to make maintenance simpler and to allow quick and easy access to information.
Databases experience a plus.
Databases figure prominently in that plan.
Databases Find out about our unique assetts.
Databases form the backbone of any online shopping system or customer service site.
Databases generally keyword search for words or phrases in the title, abstract, or descriptor.
Databases get a bad rap.
Databases Get information on the different local databases.
Databases give comprehensive idea.
Databases give Web sites flexibility and the ability to create more dynamic and personalized sites.
Databases have differences.
Databases have information.
Databases have ranges.
Databases have significant amounts of stored data.
Databases Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Databases help with that.
Databases include detail information.
Databases include information.
Databases include maps.
Databases include topics.
Databases Included here are indexes to health-related magazine and journal articles.
Databases indev holds, four major databases .
Databases indexing the journal literature cover all subject areas.
Databases indicates password required for database access.
Databases Introduces the concepts and techniques of database systems.
Databases lack the business logic necessary for interpreting or manipulating data.
Databases Learn how to use databases.
Databases list thousands of magazine or journal articles on specific topics.
Databases listed here cover education and related fields.
Databases look like rows and columns, but a Web site is a network.
Databases Look up articles from magazines and scholarly journals in one of our many databases.
Databases maintain their own security subsystems separate from the operating system.
Databases make it easier to store and organize large amounts of information.
Databases make it possible to store large amounts of data and retrieve it quickly.
Databases make life much easier to limit teh information that is out there.
Databases make our lives an open book, and the trend is getting scarier all the time.
Databases make the identification of niche markets possible.
Databases make transaction-processing possible.
Databases manage information.
Databases match human and mouse genes.
Databases menu Find nearby calibrator .
Databases now create themselves and the software no longer has to be loaded with datasets.
Databases now exist of literature citations and clinical trials.
Databases now exist that allow a window into the characteristics of the collection.
Databases now have their own associated files on disk.
Databases offer acupuncture, Chinese herbal medicine, case studies, and exam-like questions.
Databases offer an orderly means for storing data.
Databases offer flexibility for data entry, viewing, and reporting.
Databases offer flexibility.
Databases only profide a method to quickly access one entry.
Databases open up a whole new world of possibilities in website functionality.
Databases organize information efficiently.
Databases organize the catalog information and digital files into a structured set of fields.
Databases play an ever increasing, and critical, role in almost all areas where computers are used.
Databases play an important integral part of any successful web sites.
Databases play an important role in identifying unknown compounds.
Databases present an orderly means for storing, defining, and drawing relationships between, data.
Databases primarily list journal articles.
Databases Provide a mix of article citations and texts from both popular and scholarly publications.
Databases Provide a mix of article citations and texts.
Databases provide a way of organizing, finding, and analyzing information.
Databases provide access to information about forest ecosystem health.
Databases provide access to journal and newspaper articles, abstracts of theses, and legislation.
Databases provide access to journal articles, news, annual reports and legislation.
Databases provide access to thousands of journals, dissertations, newspapers and reference works.
Databases provide an easily accessible source of information for producers.
Databases provide an ideal tool for improving interaction.
Databases provide an Internet user with a virtually complete library of law from all sources.
Databases provide citation databases.
Databases provide citations and locations for articles.
Databases provide databases.
Databases provide development.
Databases provide fast and robust access to structured data.
Databases provide fast querying tools.
Databases provide immediate access to information when an individual calls.
Databases provide information.
Databases provide resources.
Databases provide some full text articles.
Databases provide suggestions.
Databases provide text of legislation plus committee, schedule and member information.
Databases provide use.
Databases provide useful information.
Databases provide valuable resources.
Databases range from millions to trillions of bytes of data.
Databases range in price from relatively cheap to very expensive.
Databases require a means to write things down explicitly in order to support transactions.
Databases require areas of a file to be locked.
Databases require logon.
Databases require setup, configuration, and disk space.
Databases require the use of a special symbol to show a word has been truncated.
Databases run on a range of machines, from micro-computers to large mainframes.
Databases run on computers.
Databases serve many functions.
Databases share with the applications a model, expressed in a schema or a view of the schema.
Databases stem from the contact point with the client.
Databases still drive most new applications being developed today.
Databases synthesize heterogeneous documents from across a corporation into a single interface.
Databases take a while to catch up with journals.
Databases There are literally hundreds of databases now available on almost any conceivable topic.
Databases touch every aspect of our lives.
Databases touch many aspects of our lives.
Databases typically disclose their contents only in response to a query.
Databases typically have missing, incomplete or incorrect data items.
Databases Use bibliographic databases to search for relevant journal articles.
Databases use booleans logic to link words and phrases and combine terms.
Databases use different symbols to truncate words.
Databases use e-mail as a management feature.
Databases use for applications.
Databases use lists.
Databases Use the arrow keys to select a database, then press Enter .
Databases vary among publications.
Databases vary as to what terms are indexed.
Databases vary in how they treat the techniques outlined above.
Databases vary in how to best search for conference papers.
Databases vary in the amount of full text provided.
Databases vary in their use of vocabulary.
Databases vary in types.
Databases vary in which articles in the publication they include.
Databases Welcome to the future of life's past.
Databases work with nulls in interesting ways.
Databases frequently offer the same calculation features as spreadsheets.
Databases frequently use controlled vocabularies.
Databases often consist of previously copyrighted works now stored digitally.
Databases often get slower and slower as they get bigger.
Databases often have their own scripting environments or languages that are pretty powerful.
Databases often offer the opportunity to limit by language, dates, title, author, or subject.
Databases often provide citations to journal articles.
Databases usually are the product of some professional society, interest group or government agency.
Databases usually cover a single broad subject.
Databases usually provides better search interface.
Databases usually specialise in storing certain aspects and are thus limited in scope.
All database engines store data and database structures in their own internal formats.
All database objects have descriptive names that clearly represent their purposes.
All databases allow searches to be limited in a number of different ways.
All databases also have online help.
All databases are accessible via the web unless otherwise noted.
All databases are available both onsite and offsite.
All databases are available for use in the Library.
All databases are available from any networked station on campus.
All databases are available from off-campus unless otherwise indicated.
All databases are available from the database finding utility .
All databases are available in the law library.
All databases are available in the library.
All databases are available on campus and remotely unless otherwise noted.
All databases are available on subscription.
All databases are available remotely with a user name and password .
All databases are available to the user at a single time.
All databases are current and complete.
All databases are currently flat files in Ascii.
All databases are down.
All databases are fully customizable.
All databases are in English.
All databases are in Works for PC format and directions are in Word format.
All databases are permanently updated and use is free.
All databases are presently available from computers in the library.
All databases are searchable, with many of the databases available for download in their entirety.
All databases consist of records and field.
All databases contain sensitive information.
All databases created are cross-platform and easy to use.
All databases discussed here involve compromises.
All databases do the same thing.
All databases feature links to selected content from the other databases.
All databases feature many full text articles.
All databases have a index of searchable words.
All databases have a schema.
All databases have an established reputation for accuracy and reliability.
All databases have an organizational plan or a structure.
All databases have certain peculiar design attributes and terminologies.
All databases have online search instructions.
ALL databases Includes all available information shown below.
ALL databases is the default for a search.
All databases listed are available via the Internet.
All databases listed as public are available to anyone with no prior permission.
All databases maintain our clients privacy using the latest in Internet technology.
All Databases Notice the right hand column.
All databases permit their operators to add new information or to update old facts.
All databases provide complete citations for items.
All databases provide on-line help.
All databases provide the store name, address, contact and phone number.
All Databases Require a password .
All databases require a username and password for off-campus access.
All databases reside with the responsible organizations in their native formats.
All databases share a few things in common.
All Databases Track it.
All databases use a relational personnel directory for coordinating their activities.
All databases use the same search methods.
All databases work with specially developed feminist thesauri or descriptor lists.
Any database needs a workgroup to be associated with it.
Any database takes a lengthy period of time to develop and complete.
Every database comes with some sort of online help for the beginning searcher.
Every database comes with some sort of online help for the novice searcher.
Every database contains exactly one root file.
Every database covers a particular time period .
Every database covers particular topics .
Every database has a number of help files and guidelines.
Every database has a specific purpose and scope.
Every database has a wordlist that contains words from that database's records.
Every database has descriptions of their content and help screens.
Every database has one primary data file.
Every database is different but the search strategies are the same.
Every database is made up of records .
Every database located here is different in both content and organization.
Every database provides indexing to journal articles.
Every database requires a connect descriptor.
Many database are great for low volumes, but choke when the transaction rate increases.
Many databases actually draw on the same source, but use different menus and search engines.
Many databases allow searchers to edit, save and re-use search strategies.
Many databases allow textwords to be searched together as phrases with an adjacency command.
Many databases allow truncation to retrieve variant spellings of a textword or name.
Many databases also cover book reviews published in journals.
Many databases also cover book reviews published in newspapers.
Many databases also have separate indexes for specific fields in that database.
Many databases also provide online help screens.
Many databases are accessible via Internet connections on campus.
Many databases are also available for remote access from home or office, with the use of passwords.
Many databases are also selective in the articles they reproduce from a magazine or journal.
Many databases are available as links from our homepage.
Many databases are available for use in the library.
Many databases are available through remote access.
Many databases are full text .
Many databases are full-text.
Many databases are in the form of CD-ROMs or accessible through the Internet.
Many databases are in the form of CD-ROMs.
Many databases are indexed by computers, utilizing the number of times a word appears in an article.
Many databases are now available online via the Internet for doing research.
Many databases are now on the Internet.
Many databases are unavailable through the major database retailers.
Many databases can contain references to both scholarly journals and popular magazines.
Many databases collect and present material also available in a printed format.
Many databases compile information in a hasty manner simply to have the most current articles.
Many databases contain chemical information which is in the public domain.
Many databases contain data that extends beyond one geographic location or time period.
Many databases contain DNA and protein sequences.
Many databases contain personal or financial information, making security important.
Many databases contain the full text of articles.
Many databases enable search queries to be constructed that include Boolean logic.
Many databases exist online as well as in paper format.
Many databases exist today that one can use to research developments in agriculture.
Many databases exist with little concern for cross-compatibility.
Many databases exist, but there is just too much information for any one list to contain everything.
Many databases give the abbreviated title of the journal.
Many databases have a built-in email option.
Many databases have a limit on the number of simultaneous users.
Many databases have a thesaurus specifically for that database only.
Many databases have separate indexes for each field in the database.
Many databases have the article available full text right from the computer.
Many databases have their own vocabulary, their own way of referring to the topics they cover.
Many databases offer a searching option called truncation.
Many databases offer searchers an advanced search field.
Many databases permit the search of keywords in specific fields such as the title and author field.
Many databases provide access to full text articles and other material.
Many databases provide mechanisms to enforce relational integrity rules.
Many databases require a username and password for access.
Many databases require a username and password to read or write data.
Many databases require that a symbol is input at the end of the word.
Many databases use Boolean operators to combine search terms.
Many databases use different user interfaces for the public.
Many databases use indexing.
Many databases use passwords .
Many databases use specific subject terms to refer to a topic.
Many databases use subject headings that are unique to that particular database.
Many databases use the term words anywhere for the keyword search.
Many databases use their own data volume management.
More databases are due to be added.
Most database are freely available.
Most databases allow for a variety of types of searches.
Most databases allow for downloading or e mailing of retrieved titles.
Most databases allow phrase searching by putting quotation marks around the phrase.
Most databases allow saving to a file.
Most databases allow some variation of wildcard operators.
Most databases allow the use of phrases as search terms.
Most databases also allow search results to be downloaded to high-density floppy discs.
Most databases also allow searches to be limited by date or by language.
Most databases also have some form of controlled vocabulary.
Most databases also offer an advanced search screen.
Most databases are accessible from off campus with passwords.
Most databases are also available from off-campus.
Most databases are available at workstations in the libraries or from home.
Most databases are available both in a Web version and a text version.
Most databases are available either on the Web or in the library.
Most databases are available in the Library and in the campus computer labs.
Most databases are available to the public.
Most databases are available via the Web , just click on the title.
Most databases are fairly straightforward to use and have thorough help screens.
Most databases are free to use.
Most databases are full-text.
Most databases are in a relatively stable state, but some are being constantly modified.
Most databases are indexes .
Most databases are on the library's online computer, and a few are in CD-ROM format.
Most databases are partially or entirely journal citation databases only.
Most databases are searchable by author, subject, or keyword.
Most databases are searchable by keyword.
Most databases are too big to fit entirely in memory.
Most databases can benefit from changes in table design, choice of index columns and query design.
Most databases can export data to a comma separated text file.
Most databases can limit search results by categories.
Most databases can produce requirements documents directly from the database on laser printers.
Most databases come from different sources.
Most databases come from several different sources.
Most databases come from several sources.
Most databases come from sources.
Most databases consist of over a million, including a healthy dose of correspondence games.
Most databases contain citations to articles and some even include the article texts.
Most databases contain ecological information.
Most databases contain financial information.
Most databases contain full text.
Most databases contain human knowledge.
Most databases contain indexes.
Most databases contain information.
Most databases contain knowledge.
Most databases contain results.
Most databases contain summaries.
Most databases contain taxonomic information.
Most databases contain text.
Most databases contain vast amounts of information.
Most databases contain very large amounts of information.
Most databases cover a range of years.
Most databases cover a specific discipline or a broad subject.
Most databases create their own subject headings or thesaurus of terms.
Most databases focus on a relatively narrow range of taxa, leaving many taxonomic groups unexplored.
Most databases genrally cover a period of twenty years.
Most databases get thier information from robots.
Most databases give the years they cover on the opening screen.
Most databases have a field which indicates the language of the resource.
Most databases have a list of stopwords that the system ignores during a search.
Most databases have a print counterpart.
Most databases have a sample entry available.
Most databases have an option to display the Full Record for an item.
Most databases have differences.
Most databases have double-click for topics and Bible texts, and glitches have been corrected.
Most databases have free access.
Most databases have limits on the number of users at one time.
Most databases have ranges.
Most databases have separate areas for the data and their log.
Most databases have some duplicate records.
Most databases have subject headings or descriptors for each item indexed.
Most databases have their own way of referring to the topics they cover.
Most databases identify the language in which the article is written.
Most databases indentify the language in which the article is written.
Most databases listed are available through Netscape .
Most databases listed are available via the Internet.
Most databases neglect that fact.
Most databases offer a mark, print, and download feature.
Most databases offer Boolean searching.
Most databases offer citations and abstracts of journal articles and books.
Most databases offer the option of printing, e-mailing, or saving search results.
Most databases provide a number of different data types for indexing.
Most databases provide citation databases.
Most databases provide databases.
Most databases provide development.
Most databases provide information about the material they cover.
Most databases provide information.
Most databases provide links to entrez.
Most databases provide resources.
Most databases provide screens with detailed instructions on how to search most effectively.
Most databases provide suggestions.
Most databases provide use.
Most databases provide useful information.
Most databases provide valuable resources.
Most databases require a fee.
Most databases require a little customer maintenance before using the follow-up letters feature.
Most databases require a password.
Most databases require cookies enabled.
Most databases require that all schedules be recoverable.
Most databases start with each field in existing records set as null.
Most databases support some level of security, but features vary widely.
Most databases use Boolean operators , truncation , and wildcards to help refine searches.
Most databases use Boolean operators, truncation, and wildcards to help refine searches.
Most databases use controlled vocabulary to organize records.
Most databases use for applications.
Most databases use some kind of software to query and update the data.
Most databases work most of the time.
Most databases work the same and each one has on-screen directions.
Some databases accessible only from library locations.
Some databases add and drop titles seemingly at whim.
Some databases allow development.
Some databases allow for truncation symbols in the middle of the word to pick up variant spellings.
Some databases allow for wild cards to be embedded within a word to replace a single character.
Some databases allow multiple tables in one database.
Some databases allow searching by subject, author, etc. as well.
Some databases allow spaces in field names.
Some databases allow such words to be searched if put in quotes.
Some databases allow the use of proximity operators.
Some databases also allow for a special kind of truncation, called internal truncation .
Some databases also contain citations to or full-text of books and reference materials.
Some databases also contain the full-text of the article.
Some databases also have the full-text of selected articles available online.
Some databases also provide full text articles.
Some databases also provide the full-text of some articles online.
Some databases also supply abstracts of items.
Some databases are a combination of full-text and citation documents.
Some databases are accessible directly from the list.
Some databases are accessible in more than one way.
Some databases are accessible only on campus.
Some databases are also accessible using telnet .
Some databases are available at community colleges and at public libraries.
Some databases are available for use outside the library.
Some databases are available free of charge.
Some databases are available from only one workstation.
Some databases are available full-text.
Some databases are available in full-text .
Some databases are available on CD-ROM .
Some databases are available only at the library.
Some databases are available only in the Library .
Some databases are available only in the Library.
Some databases are available only through the proxy method.
Some databases are available only to UVa users.
Some databases are available only via the web interface.
Some databases are available only within the libraries.
Some databases are available to all users without any login required.
Some databases are available to library patrons from home or outside the library.
Some databases are available via the Web and some via the local database network.
Some databases are bibliographic, providing citations to published documents.
Some databases are catalogs of items owned in a particular place such as a library.
Some databases are cheaper now on CD-ROM than in print form.
Some databases are comprehensive, while others contain information on selected agencies.
Some databases are cyclical victims of vigilance followed by indifference.
Some databases are fee access.
Some databases are fee-based.
Some databases are focused to specific markets or diseases.
Some databases are for the use of the library staff only and some are free to the public.
Some databases are free and there is a charge for some.
Some databases are free, others charge a fee.
Some databases are free, while others require usernames and passwords.
Some databases are free.
Some databases are freely available on the Internet.
Some databases are full text.
Some databases are full-text, and most provide online access to our interlibrary loan service.
Some databases are full-text, that is the entire article is available on the database.
Some databases are full-text, that is the text of an article is available in the database.
Some databases are general and broadly cover many subjects.
Some databases are general in nature because they cover many subject areas.
Some databases are good sources of biographies.
Some databases are in foreign languages.
Some databases are in the form of CD-ROM s.
Some databases are little more than clipping services.
Some databases are mass produced.
Some databases are more popular, while others are more scholarly.
Some databases are multi-disciplinary, while others are limited in scope.
Some databases are now a combination of both.
Some databases are now available off-campus .
Some databases are of fairly broad utility, but most have interest to a subset of the university.
Some databases are on CD-ROMs, which can be accessed at the reference desk upon request.
Some databases are only available on campus others can be accessed across the Internet.
Some databases are only available on campus.
Some databases are only available to Chico students, faculty,and staff.
Some databases are only available within the library.
Some databases are only indexes, or indexes with abstracts, and include no full text.
Some databases are quite big.
Some databases are relavent to several subjects.
Some databases are searchable in the library building only.
Some databases are specific to a subject such as psychology or education.
Some databases are subject oriented.
Some databases are subject specific .
Some databases are up-dated a few times a day, others as little as once a quarter or even less.
Some databases are useful for more than one category.
Some databases are VERY big and the site is VERY slow.
Some databases are very expensive to search.
Some databases assume the and in keyword searching.
Some databases automatically do adjacent searches.
Some databases automatically insert AND between words, others assume they are a phrase.
Some databases automatically search for adjacent words.
Some databases automatically search for the various forms of words.
Some databases consist of millions of records.
Some databases contain a combination of full-text and citation documents.
Some databases contain a combination of fulltext and citations.
Some databases contain directory or statistical information.
Some databases contain features.
Some databases contain fingerprints.
Some databases contain full length articles.
Some databases contain full-text articles.
Some databases contain full-text information.
Some databases contain gene products.
Some databases contain lists.
Some databases contain products.
Some databases contain rations.
Some databases contain residues.
Some databases contain the entire full-text of articles.
Some databases contain the full text of articles.
Some databases cover aspects.
Some databases cover earlier periods.
Some databases cover large bodies of material across all subject lines.
Some databases cover many topics, while others cover one topic or discipline in great detail.
Some databases cover several disciplines, and others have a particular subject orientation.
Some databases cover specific topics more thoroughly because of the periodicals included.
Some databases create phrase searching by placing parentheses around the terms.
Some databases deliver the full article as well as citations to articles.
Some databases describe epidemiology.
Some databases do allow direct printing.
Some databases do include the full text of articles.
Some databases do provide data or the full text of articles.
Some databases enable researchers to save searches to run again periodically.
Some databases even allow for a special kind of truncation called internal truncation.
Some databases fall into more than one topic area.
Some databases focus on a single subject.
Some databases give access to full text information.
Some databases give immediate access to full text articles.
Some databases giving details of articles published on specific topics are available electronically.
Some databases have a facility for searching only the most recent documents added to the file.
Some databases have a thesaurus of subject terms which can be used to make searches more relevant.
Some databases have additional fields for company name, subject or geographic area.
Some databases have additional restrictions.
Some databases have citations to articles in print.
Some databases have different search categories.
Some databases have full text articles.
Some databases have full-text articles available.
Some databases have links to the full-text of the articles.
Some databases have off campus access.
Some databases have online keyword indexes or tables of cases.
Some databases have options to select individual citations, for example.
Some databases have problems.
Some databases have the full text of the articles.
Some databases have their own back, forward and print buttons.
Some databases here require password access.
Some databases limit the number of simultaneous users.
Some databases link to fulltext articles.
Some databases listed below provide the full texts of cited articles.
Some databases now provide the full text of the article.
Some databases now require a fee-based subscription.
Some databases offer access to a few of the articles indexed in full text.
Some databases offer full text journal articles.
Some databases offer full-text access to some of the articles.
Some databases offer full-text articles, but many provide only citations and abstracts.
Some databases offer full-text articles, but most provide only citations and abstracts.
Some databases offer more advanced limiting options.
Some databases offer search results by email.
Some databases only contain Web sites from particular locations.
Some databases permit a limited number of users to access the resource simultaneously.
Some databases permit password protection of specific fields, but such protection can be defeated.
Some databases provide abstracts along with their citations.
Some databases provide abstracts only while others provide full-text documents.
Some databases provide access to full-text articles.
Some databases provide an abstract or short summary.
Some databases provide an online thesaurus of subject words or headings.
Some databases provide articles full-text online.
Some databases provide bibliographic information and summaries of an original reference.
Some databases provide citations and abstracts, while some provide the complete text of articles.
Some databases provide citations only.
Some databases provide complete articles, others simply indicate references published on a subject.
Some databases provide data or the full text of articles.
Some databases provide electronic access to full text documents.
Some databases provide entire journal articles.
Some databases provide facts, others provide citations to the literature.
Some databases provide full articles, but most provide citations and abstracts only.
Some databases provide full text of documents retrieved.
Some databases provide full text of the articles online.
Some databases provide full text.
Some databases provide full-text.
Some databases provide images.
Some databases provide pictures and maps.
Some databases provide pieces of information that is considered full text.
Some databases provide the ability to generate keys automatically.
Some databases provide the complete article online.
Some databases provide the entire article.
Some databases provide the full text of articles online.
Some databases provide the full-text of articles.
Some databases remain accessible for demonstration purposes only.
Some databases require a login ID and password.
Some databases require a logon and password.
Some databases require a paid membership to be accessed.
Some databases require a password .
Some databases require a password.
Some databases require a special sign-on password no matter where they are used.
Some databases require a specific password just for that database.
Some databases require a username and password.
Some databases require a username or password for access.
Some databases require login.
Some databases require passwords for both on and off campus use.
Some databases require passwords.
Some databases require registration and payment for use.
Some databases require registration and payment.
Some databases require that they be accessed via a proxy server.
Some databases require the use of adobe acrobat to access articles.
Some databases require the use of specific truncation symbols such as asterisks or colons.
Some databases require the user to pay a fee, while others are available free over the Internet.
Some databases require users to install special software programs.
Some databases save their data and log information in the same area.
Some databases show only a name for a living person, but no dates, places, etc.
Some databases stubbornly resist migration to the Web.
Some databases supply the complete text of selected newspaper and magazine articles.
Some databases support a character datatype that can be very long.
Some databases support several named object collections called schemas.
Some databases support storing fields encrypted as well.
Some databases truncate automatically.
Some databases use automatic procedures.
Some databases use cookies to help keep track of log ons and searches.
Some databases use cookies to help keep track of log-ons and searches.
Some databases use more reliable annotations than others.
Some databases use multiple fields to give a unique primary key.
Some databases use only one symbol for all truncation, others use two or all three.
Some databases use procedures.
Some databases use the terms keyword and subject interchangeably.
Some databases use, in addition, other commands called proximity commands.
Dataflow analysis is used so that links between unrelated assignments and uses are excluded.
Dataflow diagrams consist of processes represented pictorially by bubbles.
Dataflow models capture the data-intensive computations common in signal processing algorithms.
Dataflow synchronization is achieved transparently through logic variables.
Dataquest analysts are somewhat more cautious.
Dataquest estimates are slightly more optimistic.
Dataquest figures exclude PC servers, which are used to manage and control networks.
Date application is due.
Date application is published.
Date calculations are essential to most applications.
Date calculations work correctly.
All date calculations goes through the same function.
Date format is important.
Date format is localized.
Date format is now yyyymmdd.
Date format is the same as for a date alone.
Date format Selects a date format.
Date formats are perhaps the simplest.
Date formats can be language independent.
Date formats can be tricky.
Date night is one evening each week set aside for the purpose of emotional connecting.
Date Of Birth Enter a known date of birth to calculate age at event or event date from age at event.
Date of birth is also helpful.
Date of birth is also very important.
Date of birth is available in public access screens.
Date of birth is helpful.
Date of birth is required for submission of the on-line application.
Date of birth is required information for purchase.
Date of birth is required to avoid duplication on the university-wide database.
Date of birth is unknown.
Date of birth is unkown.
Date of birth provides verification of identity.
Dates of birth can sometimes be a year out.
Date of death ca.
Date of death is given.
Date of death is illegible.
Date of death is the beginning of the first tax year.
Date of issue follows the item.
Date of issue remains the same as the original.
Date palm trees grow along riverbanks.
A date palm is a palm tree
Date palm is a type of feather palm, i.e., it has pinnately compound leaves.
Date palm is salt-tolerant crops and require low quantity of water in comparison with other crops.
Date palm is the main crop grown in Oman, occupying about half the total cropped area.
Date palms abound in the area.
Date palms abound.
Date palms are dioecious, bearing the male and female flowers on separate plants.
Date palms are dioecious, i.e., they have male and female parts on different plants.
Date palms are particularly susceptible.
Date palms are phoenixs.
Date palms are plants.
Date palms bear much fruit.
Date palms explode the sky.
Date palms flourish everywhere and have become quite an Egyptian symbol.
Date palms flourish in the hot, dry regions of Arabia, the Middle East, and North Africa.
Date palms have many uses.
Date palms represent the main type of growth in northern Oman.
Date palms thrive in hot, dry climates.
Date palms thrive in many parts of the country, and occasionally poplars and willows appear.
Some date palms survive, but many have died, maybe because the groundwater has become too salty.
A date rape is sex offense
Date Rape begins with a list of commonly held myths and quickly moves into a role-played scenario.
Date rape can happen to anyone, male or female, gay or straight.
Date rape can happen to anyone.
Date rape can happen to men and women.
Date rape does happen and it is definitely a prevalent problem in our society.
Date Rape Go to list of links on healing and recovery.
Date rape has the lowest reporting rate of all forms of sexual assault.
Date rape involves the sexual use of someone's body without consent.
Date rape is a common term among our youth, and many incidents are never reported.
Date rape is a mere prelude to rapid marriage and blissful baby-making.
Date rape is a power trip.
Date rape is a serious crime.
Date rape is a serious issue.
Date rape is a sexual expression of violence.
Date rape is a very realproblem on college campuses.
Date rape is a violent crime, an act of hostility and force intended to humiliate.
Date rape is about power, hostility, and control.
Date rape is acquaintance rape.
Date rape is also a major concern as well as a tricky subject.
Date rape is difficult to prosecute and is underreported.
Date rape is discussed.
Date rape is hard to prove.
Date rape is merely the tip of the huge iceberg that is violence in intimate relationships.
Date rape is more likely to occur in the rapist's residence.
Date rape is more specific.
Date rape is never the woman's fault.
Date rape is often a result of a guy refusing to take no for an answer.
Date rape is one of the most common adolescent sexual crimes.
Date rape is one of the most common types of rape.
Date rape is one of the most confusing kinds.
Date rape is rape.
Date rape is real, it can happen to anyone.
Date rape is sexual assault in which the victim is attacked by an assailant while on a date.
Date rape is the easiest to convict upon, but the least amount of cases reported.
Date rape is the hardest crime to prove.
Date rape is the most common cause of victimization of women on college campuses.
Date rape is the most prevalent form of rape occurring in the United States today.
Date rape is underreported in general, experts say.
Date rape is when the victim knows the assailant.
Date rape occurs most often in the rapist's home.
Date rape occurs much more frequently than stranger rape.
Date Rape View a video on peer pressure to have sex.
Date rapes are forced sex.
Date rapes are rapes.
Date rapes are the most common type of rape committed.
Date rapes occur at college frat parties, at regular parties and many other places.
Most date rapes occur on the man's turf.
Most date rapes occur on the partner s turf.
Date rapists slip the drug into their victims drinks.
Date representation is a global problem even without computers.
Date representations differ even more.
Date separator can be .
Date service is needed.
Date service is to be connected.
Date service is to be disconnected.
Date service is to begin.
Date sugar is a powder made of dried, ground dates.
Date sugar is a refined, crystallized version, with a lighter flavor than date syrup.
Date sugar is made from dried, ground dates.
Date sugar works as well.
Date syrup is still very popular.
Date trees provide lumber, furniture and fuel.
Date trees require three hours of sun for day.
A date is a day
Date accessed by the writer is given last.
DATE Add more items from the top down please.
Date appearing on bottom or last is the End date, the last day of classes.
Date appears in watermark.
Date appears on reverse.
Date are a great motivator.
Date are subject to change so call for latest information.
Date are to be confirm.
Date Ask a question or make a comment here.
Date assumes that a medical degree is an eight year program.
DATE attributes only.
Date attributes opens a fill-in form allowing the user to enter a date value.
Date automatically sorts in descending order, with most recent items first.
Date Be sure to date the manuscript and any copies of the same draft.
Date below is the first date of each discussion.
Date can either be a serial date number or a date string.
Date Can prepare designs and justify their choices.
Date Can produce a simple drawing or plan.
Date Click the date to the left for the link.
Date Closes shows up as part of the job listing, and tells the user when the job search closes.
Date Compares two dates.
DATE consists of day, month, and year.
Date contains invalid characters.
Date contains some generic methods for manipulating dates.
Date corresponds to the date that the order was placed.
Date Created - enter the date to search for here.
Date created is a primary date that is used for resource discovery.
Date denotes next regular election date of that position.
Date depends on actual schedule for Southern telescope.
Date depends on phase of the moon.
Date Determines the date and time based on the arguments.
Date displays a one-year calendar.
DATE Displays the current game date.
Date Displays the date the check was generated.
Date displays the most recent matches first.
Date Displays the most recent paycheque date in which a deduction was taken.
Date Do a power search.
Date Enter a date to indicate the date payment was made.
Date Enter current date.
DATE Enter current date.
Date Enter invoice date.
Date Enter the complete credit card number, with or without spaces.
Date Enter the date of the transaction.
Date Enter the date on which the form was signed.
DATE Enter the date the bird was banded.
DATE Enter the date the estimate request is being made, usually today's date.
Date Enter the date the form is being completed.
Date Enter the date the form is signed.
Date Enter the date the form was completed by the employee.
Date Enter the date the form was reviewed by the supervisor.
Date Enter the date the ordinance was performed.
DATE Enter the date the voucher is completed and mailed to the vendor.
Date Enter the position appointment date.
Date Enter the year the book was published.
DATE Enter today's date.
Date Expires is a little different.
Date extends  java.lang.
Date Find people.
Date finds the first DATE line one level deeper than the event node.
Date first diagnosed - establish an initial date when a diagnosis was made.
Date following board member's name indicates expiration of term.
Date following title represents the date of the workshop. .
Date following title represents the date of the workshop.
Date generated is adjusted for the timezone.
Date Get current date.
Date given is date work is due.
Date given is the year map was last updated to.
Date Gives the date at which the response was generated.
Date Go back to the overview picture.
Date Go Back.
Date has methods to create and compare dates, obtain and set the time, and convert dates to strings.
Date hates Being pushed into situations.
DATE holds only the date portion.
Date imprinting is even possible when in the panorama framing mode. .
Date includes year, month and date.
Date Indicate the date of the proposed activity.
Date indicates most recent date of publication.
Date indicates most recent page update.
Date indicates the change date.
Date Indicates the date and time of a request if the request has a message body.
Date indicates the date the message was sent.
Date indicates the day and time the file or directory was created.
Date Indicates the recorded date corresponding to a particular stage during a package's delivery.
Date indicates when program is uplinked to satellite.
Date indicates when the item was retrieved.
Date indicates year of release or broadcast.
Date is addition or latest change.
Date is at bottom.
Date is based on a universal tradtion, but undocumented by original sources.
Date is ca.
Date is conjecture.
Date is date of order creation.
Date is derived from information on the map.
Date is determined based on number of earned credits.
Date is displayed on student scores report.
Date is estimated.
Date is for dates.
Date is from orders for probate.
Date is from tombstone.
Date is given as it appears in the book.
Date is here as are hashtables java.net contains classes to do network applications.
Date is left blank if canceled or waived.
Date is negotiable.
Date is omitted if only one work by the author is listed in the bibliography.
Date is on the back of the detector.
Date is one thing and research is another.
Date is only very slightly visible and very weak.
Date is original posting.
Date is out of order.
Date is pretty much a useless class.
Date is provided on floppy disk or Zip disk.
Date is quickset.
Date is readable, yet soft.
Date is readable.
Date is set at the end of each preceding meeting.
Date is set tentatively.
Date is sharp and bold, all letters are complete and bold.
Date is specified on item.
Date is stamped.
Date is stored directly into the cfl file.
Date is tentative and subject to change based on facility availability.
Date is tentative.
Date is the date of actual signature.
Date is the date posted to website.
DATE is the date the document was authored.
Date is the date the E-mail was sent.
Date is the date the mail was sent.
DATE is the date the voucher is completed.
Date is the day of the month.
Date is the day the order is placed.
Date is the day the session is due to start.
Date is the day, month, and year of the concert.
Date is the default sequence order, with the latest message on the top of the screen.
Date is the default.
Date is the first day of the school week.
Date is the most common field used in computer software programs and databases.
Date is the only drawback.
DATE is the release date.
DATE is the year of the census or date of publication.
DATE is the year the journal was published.
Date is to be announced next week.
Date is to be announced.
Date is uncertain.
Date is unclear.
Date is undecided yet.
Date is unknown.
Date is unofficial estimate.
Date is very approximate.
Date is very legible.
Date is weak but readable.
Date is weakest in advanced cancer.
Date is written in corner of map in red crayon.
Date is written on the top right hand side of the paper.
Date is year player was drafted.
Date isa day.
Date Issued - Type the current date.
Date listed after faculty rank is the official year of full-time appointment.
Date listed below is the date the player status was updated.
Date listed is scheduled viewing date.
Date listed is the first day of class.
Date listed is when the document was loaded on the system.
Date lists messages with newest first.
Date Look for the date the Web page was published.
Date Make a copy of the verse for the teacher.
Date Needed Signature See next page for courseware list.
Date needs to be converted to a string txtResult.
Date needs to be verified.
Date Places the current date at the insertion point.
Date Prepares simple plans showing how to present information.
Date Prints the date with the image.
Date Provides methods and functions for tracking and manipulating dates.
Date ranges for search.
DATE records the first and last dates, where known, of the letters making up the correspondence.
Date refers to when the project was running.
Date reflects the date the problem was reported.
Date remains uncertain.
Date Represents a date.
Date Represents the date of publication.
Date requested - Date advance is to be ready.
Date Required - enter a specific date by which delivery is desired.
DATE returns a six digit numeric field into the variable, in the form yymmdd.
DATE Returns a string representation of the current date.
Date returns current date.
Date Returns the date and time the user last logged in.
DATE Returns the date at the client.
Date scaling The date scale type allows date values to be plotted directly.
Date Searches the date and time field of each message.
Date See also Key.
Date See events for schedule.
Date See schemes for DC.Date.
Date seize like either chin though shook plastic molding.
Date Select the current day or choose a day from history.
Date Select the numbers of the month, day, and year the data was collected.
Date Send e- mail to the webmaster with questions or comments about our web site.
Date Send e-mail to join the Film Festival mailing list.
Date Send invoice.
DATE Show the current date and time.
Date shown is actual meeting date.
Date shown is last day of interviewing.
Date shown is the date elected.
Date shown is the date on the print itself.
Date shown is the publication date.
Date shows the current date on the site.
Date shows the date and time the message arrived.
Date shows the date and time the message was posted.
Date shows the date and time the printer entered the queue.
Date Specify a minimum or maximum age for files returned by a query.
Date stamp each item.
Date stamp the forms when they arrive.
Date stamp the front page of all contractor's construction invoices immediately upon receipt.
Date stamp the piece.
Date stamp the vendor invoice or payment request in the upper right hand corner.
Date stamp the vendor's invoice on the day it is received.
Date thank beyond none bit and accepting bonneville car.
Date tries to insert today's computer date.
Date Use the Date class to create and manipulate calendar dates in a system-independent fashion.
Date Use the date issued.
Date Use the month and year of graduation as the date.
Date Use the pull-down blanks to enter date of event.
Date Use the pull-down menus to let everybody know what day the event is occurring.
Date used in appraisals are historical in nature.
Date varies by journal.
Date varies by publication.
Date varies each year as each festival is based on their own calendar systems.
Date varies each year.
Date varies with publication.
Date Verified column indicates the date the status was last verified.
Date When tapping into a Date field, a calendar conveniently pops up for choosing dates.
Dates  kissing.
Dates above are approximate due to loss of personal papers and fuzzy memory.
Dates above are estimates.
Dates allow for the possibility.
Dates also appear in reports, on checks, and in file transfers.
Dates also come stuffed with almonds or coated with finely chopped nuts or sugar for elegant snacks.
Dates appear in the detailed information.
Dates appear more frequently on the articles published in newspapers and periodicals.
Dates appear on the class schedule.
Dates appear on the yearly education calendar.
Dates appear orange, then darken to brown before they drop.
Dates appearing in subgroup titles are the outside range of dates identified in the records.
Dates apply to all schools unless otherwise specified.
Dates apply to college credit classes only.
Dates apply to current on-campus students only.
Dates apply to exhibits only.
Dates apply to North America.
Dates apply to opened vacuum sealed packages.
Dates apply to the instant of maximum eclipse.
Dates are a bit sketchy.
Dates are a good example.
Dates are a highly cultivated fruit worldwide.
Dates are a little sketchy, due to census and cemetery discrepancies.
Dates are a popular holiday treat in many traditions.
Dates are a prime natural source of Potassium.
Dates are accurate and there have been no complications.
Dates are added - details change.
Dates are all subject to change and debate.
Dates are all the same.
Dates are also a factor for most volunteers.
Dates are also high in Phosphorus.
Dates are also important in keeping up the health of eyes.
Dates are also on class calendar.
Dates are also rich in minerals like potassium, phosphorus, and magnesium.
Dates are also rich in natural fibers.
Dates are also rich in natural fibres.
Dates are also sometimes difficult.
Dates are always appreciative.
Dates are always important.
Dates are always subject to change and some arrangements are provisional.
Dates are always suspect.
Dates are always tentative and subject to change.
Dates are an excellent source of dietary fiber and they are high in magnesium.
Dates are an excellent source of fiber, potassium, and other trace minerals.
Dates are approximate and are provided for guideline purposes only.
Dates are approximate and are subject to change without notice.
Dates are approximate and are subject to minor changes from year to year.
Dates are approximate and are subject to slight variation.
Dates are approximate and can vary according to market.
Dates are approximate and depend on a wide variety of interpretative theories.
Dates are approximate and weather permitting.
Dates are approximate and, on occasion, completely wrong.
Dates are approximate as projects spread over several years.
Dates are approximate based on current projected schedules.
Dates are approximate unless a month day and year are in place.
Dates are approximate unless noted specifically.
Dates are approximate, and subject to change.
Dates are approximate, and the syllabus is subject to change.
Dates are approximate.
Dates are approximations of the time each game spent under development at Apogee.
Dates are are subject to change.
Dates are arrival and departure days.
Dates are as follows.
Dates are as shown.
Dates are at issue.
Dates are available any day except weekends subject to aircraft availability.
Dates are available but going quick.
Dates are available during Spring and Fall.
Dates are available for all violations and when systems return to compliance.
Dates are available for class and group use.
Dates are available for weekend and summer use.
Dates are available in the spring.
Dates are available on application.
Dates are available on the flower chart on the wall outside the sanctuary.
Dates are available the first night of class.
Dates are available throughout the spring and summer.
Dates are available throughout the year.
Dates are available upon request but are subject to ship's availability.
Dates are available, excellent choice for winter, spring, summer, or fall programs.
Dates are below.
Dates are Biblical.
Dates are calendar years.
Dates are civil.
Dates are clearly visible while emphasizing work history.
Dates are companions.
Dates are confused.
Dates are correct at time of publication.
Dates are critical for naturalization research.
Dates are critical to any computer system.
Dates are critical to computers.
Dates are currently open.
Dates are dangerous sometimes.
Dates are dates of last change of status.
Dates are dates of recording.
Dates are days.
Dates are death dates.
Dates are debatable.
Dates are determined as individuals apply and groups can be formed.
Dates are determined each year during the summer.
Dates are display only and system is currently being evaluated for major modifications.
Dates are due dates.
Dates are each assignment's due date.
Dates are easy to assign.
Dates are edible fruit.
Dates are either obsolete or tentative.
Dates are elusive, but all indications are that the sites are ancient.
Dates are escorts.
Dates are especially important in targeting stories.
Dates are estimates.
Dates are everywhere in computer systems and software.
Dates are excellent source of sugar, fibre, carbohydrates, potassium and magnesium.
Dates are extremely subject to change.
Dates are final.
Dates are firm, locations of CVAC dark sky events are subject to change and weather.
Dates are flexible based on the needs of the intern.
Dates are flexible.
Dates are for coordinating draft.
Dates are for initial release.
Dates are for the new fiscal year.
Dates are for U.S. only.
Dates are from local newspaper records.
Dates are fuzzy, names of towns and buildings uncertain.
Dates are generally accurate.
Dates are generally very accurate.
Dates are good, too.
Dates are great in muffins and fruit bars, and are all organic.
Dates are hard to pin down.
Dates are hard to read.
Dates are high in fiber and an excellent source of potassium.
Dates are important in research.
Dates are important of course.
Dates are important.
Dates are in alphabetical order of the band's name.
Dates are in bold print, to the right of the date is the day's topic.
Dates are in season and they're ideal for baked goods.
Dates are in the application packet.
Dates are in the course outline that follows.
Dates are incidental to the primary purpose of the programs.
Dates are inclusive of weekend arrival and departure days.
Dates are inclusive.
Dates are incomplete or inaccurate.
Dates are incorrect in a couple of instances.
Dates are just numbers on a page.
Dates are large, oblong berries that are dark orange when ripe.
Dates are less formal.
Dates are less important.
Dates are limited and available on a first come, first serve basis.
Dates are limited due to dam releases.
Dates are limited so please make reservations early.
Dates are limited to only a few days each year, so please call early.
Dates are limited, and the number of returns is low, but give it a try.
Dates are limited, so call early.
Dates are limited.
Dates are links to lecture notes.
Dates are local to Australia.
Dates are located in calendars.
Dates are located in newspapers.
Dates are meetings.
Dates are necessary so be specific.
Dates are negotiable based on availability of positions.
Dates are negotiable.
Dates are now here.
Dates are numeric fields.
Dates are of first publication.
Dates are of first release.
Dates are of last modification.
Dates are of special importance.
Dates are often difficult to determine.
Dates are often group activities, while other dates involve only a couple.
Dates are often useful.
Dates are okay.
Dates are on a first come, first serve basis.
Dates are on appointment.
Dates are on the class schedule which follows.
Dates are on the class schedule.
Dates are on the syllabus.
Dates are one major problem area.
Dates are one of the most complex aspects of descriptive cataloging.
Dates are only approximate .
Dates are only approximate and have usually come from magazine announcements etc.
Dates are part of date palms.
Dates are partly conjectural.
Dates are perhaps the oldest tree crop cultivated by man.
Dates are postmark deadlines.
Dates are preliminary and subject to change without notice.
Dates are presents.
Dates are pretty flexible - the tour runs all thru the summer.
Dates are provisional.
Dates are rare in The Satan Seller .
Dates are reasonably negotiable, and there is some flexibility of work hours.
Dates are reasonably negotiable.
Dates are recording dates.
Dates are release dates.
Dates are rich in iron compared to other fruits and have more potassium than bananas.
Dates are rich in several vitamins and minerals.
Dates are searchable, but only approximately.
Dates are set, dresses are made, party is a go.
Dates are simply the projected time frame for each action.
Dates are slightly uncertain with differences of a few percent between various sources being common.
Dates are small, sweet, and yellow.
Dates are sometimes subject to change.
Dates are somewhat mixed and some years are missing.
Dates are still an important and traditional crop in Iraq, Arabia, and North Africa west of Morocco.
Dates are still available for booking.
Dates are still tentative.
Dates are still to be confirmed.
Dates are still to be determined, more or less.
Dates are still to be determined.
Dates are still to be posted.
Dates are subject o change without notice.
Dates are subject to a space-available basis on our boats.
Dates are subject to availability, due to prior bookings of dates throughout the year.
Dates are subject to availability.
Dates are subject to change as new archaeological information is obtained.
Dates are subject to change as the academic year progresses.
Dates are subject to change at the discretion of instructor.
Dates are subject to change based on weather and demand for the class.
Dates are subject to change because of snow days or emergencies.
Dates are subject to change because of weather and contractors' schedules.
Dates are subject to change by the distributor.
Dates are subject to change by the publisher.
Dates are subject to change depending on how many are interested.
Dates are subject to change depending on the number of teams.
Dates are subject to change depending on water conditions.
Dates are subject to change depending on weather and water conditions.
Dates are subject to change due to holidays.
Dates are subject to change due to inclement weather or scheduling conflicts.
Dates are subject to change due to the weather.
Dates are subject to change due to unforeseen conflicts, cancellations, etc.
Dates are subject to change due to weather.
Dates are subject to change if there are scheduling difficulties.
Dates are subject to change on a short notice.
Dates are subject to change on short notice, depending upon the reading schedule.
Dates are subject to change or cancellation due to unforeseen circumstances.
Dates are subject to change or cancellation.
Dates are subject to change or postponement due to weather.
Dates are subject to change please call ahead to verify activity, dates, times, and locations.
Dates are subject to change until registration is confirmed.
Dates are subject to change until the agenda has been published.
Dates are subject to change with advance notice.
Dates are subject to change with notification.
Dates are subject to change without notice, so please confirm with office.
Dates are subject to change without notice.
Dates are subject to change, please check schedule periodically.
Dates are subject to change, please contact the education department for a program flyer.
Dates are subject to change, so check back often.
Dates are subject to change, so please call ahead before making plans.
Dates are subject to change, so please call for the latest information.
Dates are subject to change, so please contact venue before venturing out.
Dates are subject to change.
Dates are subject to changes.
Dates are subject to last-minute change due to our guests' busy schedules.
Dates are subject to negotiation per faculty availability.
Dates are subject to potential minor changes.
Dates are subject to release schedule slippage.
Dates are subject to revision.
Dates are subject to the currently configured timefmt .
Dates are target dates.
Dates are tenative.
Dates are tentative and are subject to change.
Dates are tentative and can change with short notice .
Dates are tentative and can change.
Dates are tentative and subject to change .
Dates are tentative and subject to change.
Dates are tentative and therefore subject to change.
Dates are tentative, so call for details.
Dates are tentative.
Dates are that of the inscription or, in a few cases, simply a reference date in the woman's life.
Dates are the date of most recent update.
Dates are the date of publication in the newspaper, or the date the correction was made online.
Dates are the most common data elements exchanged between software programs.
Dates are the most important fruit in Iraq.
Dates are the oblong, fleshy-fruit of a date palm tree.
Dates are the one of the easier pieces of information to decipher.
Dates are the original dates of publication.
Dates are the postmark dates, unless otherwise specified.
Dates are the same way.
Dates are the semester week numbers.
Dates are the traditional food for breaking the fast.
Dates are therefore highly nutritious.
Dates are things normal girls have.
Dates are tight at the convention center.
Dates are times are listed below.
Dates are to be announced later.
Dates are to be announced.
Dates are to be confirmed.
Dates are to be firmed up.
Dates are UK first publication.
Dates are uniform, with no big gaps.
Dates are unimportant in a fantasy.
Dates are unknown.
Dates are used in many recipes throughout the Middle East and are enjoyed alone as a snack.
Dates are useful.
Dates are usually a few days behind the current date.
Dates are valid as long as the insulin is kept stored under the correct conditions.
Dates are variable based on fingerprinting checks.
Dates are variable, and are set according to a lunar calendar.
Dates are variable.
Dates are very important in our society.
Dates are very important, down to the day and month.
Dates are VERY important.
Dates are vital to computers.
Dates are weather dependent and are subject to change.
Dates are week commencing and all prices are in UK pounds sterling.
Dates are welcome.
Dates are when materials are mailed.
Dates are when the link was last changed.
Dates are when the patent was granted.
Dates are wildly approximate.
Dates are yet to be arranged.
Dates are yet to be confirmed.
Dates are yet to be determined.
Dates are yet to be finalised.
Dates are yet to be finalized.
Dates are, of course, subject to change.
Dates are, of course, subject to updating from time to time.
Dates become a jumble of numbers and events get mixed up.
Dates become fuzzy.
Dates below are in the form of yyyymmdd.
Dates below are projections only.
Dates below are subject to change.
Dates below are tentative.
Dates below are the due dates.
Dates below indicate when the most recent changes have been incorporated.
Dates can also affect other events in our lives.
Dates can also play a role in the execution of applications software going beyond data entries.
Dates can also vary depending on the time differential between Canada and India.
Dates can be helpful in determining the reliability of the information.
Dates can be in the left margin, off to the right or contained within the description.
Dates can be input in both predefined and custom formats via an input mask.
Dates can be more than an element in properly recorded research.
Dates can be off by several hundred years.
Dates can be official or perhaps unofficial.
Dates can be tricky things.
Dates can mean when the information was first written, first included on the site, or last revised.
Dates can only be artificial divisions, but they are useful as guidelines.
Dates can vary between faculties and departments.
Dates cause a desire to bathes.
Dates change every semester, so check with departmental offices.
Dates change every year .
Dates change every year.
Dates change from year to year.
Dates change on a monthly basis.
Dates change slightly from year to year.
Dates change the result of final assessment.
Dates collide and merge with a dreary and dreadful sameness.
Dates come from radiocarbon on charcoal.
Dates contain a very high percentage of sugar in natural form, which is immediately absorbed.
Dates correspond to broadcast calendar year to year.
Dates count as two words.
Dates cover a time period of ca.
Dates covered are as below.
Dates cuddle and speak softly, the music at a perfect ever-present but soft volume.
Dates dig that.
Dates do well even where there is a crust of salt on the surface.
Dates Enter the range of dates below in the from yymmdd .
Dates exclude weekend and single supplements and supplements for departure from regional airports.
Dates extend as far as next year.
Dates fill early.
Dates fill quickly due to limited space.
Dates fill quickly, so book early.
Dates fill quickly.
Dates fill up fast, so register early.
Dates fill up very quickly.
Dates flag most recently added entries.
Dates follow last.
Dates following the description in the contents refer to the period covered by the correspondence.
Dates following the name represent the years the person was tithed.
Dates following the names of makers are birth and death dates unless otherwise specified.
Dates form the chief agricultural product.
Dates give year followed by the Julian day.
Dates given above are approximate.
Dates given after entries are for the last update or addition.
Dates given are approximate in some cases.
Dates given are first observations for the year.
Dates given are for major assignments and assessment activities.
Dates given are for one-month clerkships.
Dates given are for the UK broadcast.
Dates given are of first publication.
Dates given are our best estimate.
Dates given are publication dates.
Dates given are subject to change.
Dates given are tentative and dependent upon printing cycles and the like.
Dates given are the date of the newspaper.
Dates given are the dates the assignments are due.
Dates given are the late filing deadlines and require payment of a late fee.
Dates given below are tentative, based on schedules that are current at the time of publication.
Dates given for plays are estimates, based on current scholarship.
Dates given generally indicate project completion.
Dates given in red preceding a job title are the closing dates for applications for that position.
Dates given in the table below are the scheduled mailing dates for each journal.
Dates go fast.
Dates go to the asker.
Dates grow in clusters at the end of stalks.
Dates grow in the plains, and palm trees too.
Dates have (part) daylight.
Dates have (part) daytimes.
Dates have (part) hours.
Dates have (part) middays.
Dates have (part) midnights.
Dates have (part) mins.
Dates have (part) minutes.
Dates have (part) mornings.
Dates have (part) nights.
Dates have (part) nighttime.
Dates have (part) noons.
Dates have no fat, no cholesterol, and no sodium.
Dates have rules.
Dates have to wait for the weekend.
Dates have unpredictable energy.
Dates have yet to be announced.
Dates have yet to be determined.
Dates have yet to be set.
Dates here refer to serious, whimsical, biological, geological and political events.
Dates indicate actual installation date.
Dates indicate end of current term.
Dates indicate end of term.
Dates indicate enhancement implemented on date shown.
Dates indicate expiration of trustee's current appointment to the board.
Dates indicate holdings of at least one program for that year.
Dates indicate last modification of a link.
Dates indicate last update.
Dates indicate latest updating of the subject.
Dates indicate month of first resp.
Dates indicate online coverage.
Dates indicate original dates of publication.
Dates indicate overall time span of discrete series of naturalization records.
Dates indicate span dates of collections.
Dates indicate the latest version of the document.
Dates indicate the start of regular observations.
Dates indicate the week in which the assignment is due.
Dates indicate the year of founding.
Dates indicate when aperture information was updated operationally.
Dates indicate when approval is effective.
Dates indicate when assignments are due.
Dates indicate when test results became available for each element.
Dates indicate when the content or structure of a page was modified.
Dates indicate when the file was generated from the database.
Dates indicate when the sub-page was last updated.
Dates indicates that no date has been specified.
Dates indicates the earliest paper in file.
Dates is a software programme for lawyers which is available as careware.
Dates is retired and now lives in Florida.
Dates is software for lawyers to calculate interest, and do simple date arithmetic.
Dates link to a synopsis of the days presentations.
Dates link to class notes.
Dates link to meeting minutes.
Dates link to more specific information about events when it is available.
Dates list .
Dates listed above are open tryouts.
Dates listed are actual or scheduled installation dates.
Dates listed are approximate and are subject to change.
Dates listed are for the public opening.
Dates listed are for travel portion.
Dates listed are inclusive.
Dates listed are publication months.
Dates listed are rehearsal dates, unless otherwise noted.
Dates listed are subject to change.
Dates listed are the beginning dates for the program.
Dates listed are the due dates for the assignments.
Dates listed are the year a particular model was first introduced.
Dates listed are year of enabling legislation as an independent agency.
Dates listed below are the dates that the audio file was recorded.
Dates listed below are the dates that the incident occurred.
Dates listed below which are directly related to instruction refer to the traditional academic year.
Dates listed here are group departure dates.
Dates listed here are subject to change without notice.
Dates listed here indicate the most recent substantive revision.
Dates listed in blue indicate new listings to the cheat code table.
Dates listed in bold are special events at times other than our regularly scheduled meetings.
Dates listed in bold print are tentative meeting dates.
Dates listed in brackets document the range of actual birth dates.
Dates listed in orange indicate listings that have been updated or added to recently.
Dates listed in Red are issues that are still at filmer.
Dates listed include the training, travel to and from Quebec, and the banquet.
Dates listed on the Web site are current.
Dates listed under LAs are dates when that assignment is due .
Dates match as well.
Dates match, addresses match, and ages agree as much as they ever do.
Dates now appear correctly.
Dates occasionally change at the leader's option.
Dates only indicate duration of battle in a particular area.
Dates overlap when different kinds of instruments are involved.
Dates play an important role in how the system operates.
Dates proceed from latest to earliest.
Dates provided are for planning purposes only and subject to change without notice.
Dates range from ca.
Dates range from incunabula to the present.
Dates range from the middle of the nineteenth century to the late twentieth century.
Dates range from third to eleventh centuries.
Dates range in color from yellow to orange, red, or green, depending on the variety.
Dates redden and yellow.
Dates Reel no.
Dates refer to begin and end dates of the tropical storm.
Dates refer to first editions.
Dates refer to original publication dates.
Dates refer to original publication.
Dates refer to original release.
Dates refer to the cited date of the report.
Dates refer to the cover dates of print issues.
Dates refer to the day of airing.
Dates refer to the effective date of the recall or withdrawal.
Dates refer to the time a natural disaster, such as an earthquake or hurricane, first occurred.
Dates refer to times of issue of regular coins bearing similar legends.
Dates refer to week ending current year.
Dates reflect first day of class.
Dates reflect influence on writing.
Dates reflect the first day of class.
Dates remain undecided.
Dates represent the date of posting.
Dates represent the latest imprints available.
Dates represent the latest revisions.
Dates represent the most recent performance in the database.
Dates represent which years went into the averaging process.
Dates represented by numbers are available.
Dates require warm temperatures and low humidity to ripen properly.
Dates restricts the report by pickup date, due date, delivery date, or appointment date.
Dates seem to be consistently off by a year.
Dates seem to take precedence over parents.
Dates shown above are provisional and subject to final confirmation.
Dates shown are air departures from U.S. to Madrid.
Dates shown are approximate.
Dates shown are fee collection periods.
Dates shown are for the longest period a leader was in power.
Dates shown are from a single source.
Dates shown are ship dates.
Dates shown are subject to change.
Dates shown are the actual dates of marriage.
Dates shown below are marriage dates.
Dates shown below are tentative and subject to change.
Dates shown in green indicate accomplished milestone.
Dates shown in red indicate that an event is scheduled for that date.
Dates shown in the log now properly display the month and day for the given system setting.
Dates shown include up to the present unless an earlier date is shown.
Dates shown on each listing are the publication date.
Dates slip, sometimes.
Dates specify approximately when a product is introduced.
Dates take a back seat to viewing history on a macroscopic scale.
Dates take even longer than citrus to sprout, sometimes up to three months.
Dates Use a comma to separate the month and day from the year.
Dates Use the date boxes to choose a range of dates.
Dates Use the format of day month year.
Dates using AD are in parentheses.
Dates vary according to age.
Dates vary according to content.
Dates vary according to individual title.
Dates vary according to the community.
Dates vary according to the program.
Dates vary according to the reporting year.
Dates vary according to weather and lake conditions.
Dates vary by airline.
Dates vary by city.
Dates vary by country.
Dates vary by county.
Dates vary by course.
Dates vary by district.
Dates vary by geographical location.
Dates vary by journal title.
Dates vary by program.
Dates vary by publication.
Dates vary by year.
Dates vary depending on the tides.
Dates vary depending upon selections made by group.
Dates vary due to season, weather conditions and amount of fruit on trees.
Dates vary each year depending on the date of Chinese New Year.
Dates vary each year in accord with the academic calendar.
Dates vary each year.
Dates vary for each class.
Dates vary for each title.
Dates vary for special elections.
Dates vary from area to area depending upon local planning.
Dates vary from region to region and village to village.
Dates vary from source to source.
Dates vary from year to year.
Dates vary in other states.
Dates vary in public.
Dates vary in some areas.
Dates vary per participating location in the U.S. and Canada.
Dates vary per participating location.
Dates vary slightly each year and are usually determined in late winter.
Dates vary throughout the year.
Dates vary with location.
Dates vary with snow conditions.
Dates vary within each State.
Dates vary, availability sporadic.
Dates vary, depending on title.
Dates vary, please see individual page for that house.
Dates vary, so call tel.
Dates vary,visit website for exact dates.
Dates work missed during week ending .
Dates often incorrect, as are some details.
Date sometimes varies.
Dates sometimes change over the course of the year.
Dates usually are an approximation.
Dates usually contain parenthetic words or numbers.
Dates usually mean dinner and a movie.
All date are subject to change.
All date related information includes the indication of century.
All dates above are subject to change.
All dates above refer to the date of departure.
All dates approximate and subject to change daily.
All dates are according to the Gregorian calendar.
All dates are all are subject to change.
All dates are all tentative and subject to change.
All dates are always subject to change.
All dates are approximate and are subject to change at any time.
All dates are approximate and are subject to change.
All dates are approximate and include set-up times.
All dates are approximate and subject to change.
All dates are approximate as the introduction and discontinuation dates are debatable.
All dates are approximate as they are from people's memory.
All dates are approximate depending on weather and conditions in the campgrounds.
All dates are approximate since departures depend heavily upon weather.
All dates are approximate, and are subject to change.
All dates are approximate, rounded to whole-month increments.
All dates are approximate.
All dates are as recorded in the records.
All dates are B.C. and approximate.
All dates are B.C. unless otherwise stated.
All dates are by private arrangement.
All dates are calendar year the game was played in.
All dates are color coded and correspond with colors for guest bands.
All dates are confirmed engagements unless otherwise noted.
All dates are correct at the time of printing.
All dates are date of burial.
All dates are deadlines unless otherwise noted.
All dates are dependent on the weather situation down there.
All dates are dependent upon favorable weather.
All dates are dependent upon the availability of federal funds.
All dates are dependent upon the snow being plowed enroute to the site.
All dates are double headers except for tournaments.
All dates are doubleheader games.
All dates are doubleheaders unless denoted otherwise.
All dates are doubleheaders, except regional, district and national dates.
All dates are estimates.
All dates are firm deadlines.
All dates are firm.
All dates are for entire spring semester, unless other dates are stated.
All dates are for the time in Eastern Australia.
All dates are for transplanting plants.
All dates are from official sources of one form or another but are liable to slip a bit.
All dates are fully qualified within the database.
All dates are Gregorian.
All dates are headline unless otherwise indicated.
All dates are highly subject to change.
All dates are in local time.
All dates are in Seattle.
All dates are in the eighteenth century.
All dates are in the Gregorian calendar.
All dates are inclusive .
All dates are inclusive and consecutive.
All dates are inclusive, registration dates are subject to change.
All dates are inclusive.
All dates are listed below in the syllabus, as are all test dates, so plan ahead accordingly.
All dates are of authorizing regulations or orders, unless otherwise stated.
All dates are only tentative.
All dates are postmark dates unless noted otherwise.
All dates are potentially subject to change.
All dates are preliminary and can be extended.
All dates are provisional and subject to change.
All dates are provisional.
All dates are recording dates.
All dates are subject to adjustment due to calendar conflicts.
All dates are subject to adjustment.
All dates are subject to availability.
All dates are subject to change .
All dates are subject to change and are updated daily.
All dates are subject to change and cancellation.
All dates are subject to change and errors, so please check the details locally.
All dates are subject to change at any time.
All dates are subject to change at anytime.
All dates are subject to change at the whim of the instructor.
All dates are subject to change based upon the latest testing results and technology updates.
All dates are subject to change depending upon the pace of the class.
All dates are subject to change if days are missed due to inclement weather.
All dates are subject to change or cancellation so please confirm by phone.
All dates are subject to change or cancellation.
All dates are subject to change with minimal notice.
All dates are subject to change with the advance notice of the instructor.
All dates are subject to change without further notice.
All dates are subject to change without notice so please verify before making travel plans.
All dates are subject to change without notice.
All dates are subject to change without notification.
All dates are subject to change without prior notice.
All dates are subject to change without prior notification.
All dates are subject to change, as circumstances require.
All dates are subject to change, please call event for date verification.
All dates are subject to change, so please call or email the Pandean office for confirmation.
All dates are subject to change.
All dates are subject to changes.
All dates are subject to last minute changes due to weather or rescheduling. .
All dates are subject to last minute changes.
All dates are subject to revision.
All dates are subject to weather and snow conditions.
All dates are Sundays unless otherwise noted.
All dates are Sundays.
All dates are tenative, subject to change .
All dates are tentative and are subject to change without notice.
All dates are tentative and are subject to review, approval and revision.
All dates are tentative and can change at any time.
All dates are tentative and subject to change as the semester progresses.
All dates are tentative and subject to change due to availability of campus housing.
All dates are tentative and subject to change.
All dates are tentative based on number of applicants.
All dates are tentative based on the number of confirmed attendees.
All dates are tentative based on the number of participants registering for the class.
All dates are tentative estimations.
All dates are tentative until further notice.
All dates are tentative, so check back frequently.
All dates are tentative.
All dates are text strings entered by the users, and no calculations involve any dates.
All dates are the date of original airing on Seattle radio.
All dates are the same for each program unless otherwise noted.
All dates are Thursdays unless indicated otherwise.
All dates are to assist Principals in securing materials in a timely fashion.
All dates are to be announced.
ALL dates are to be in chronological order.
All dates are to be used as a guideline.
All dates are value season unless otherwise noted.
All dates are weather dependent.
All dates are weather permitting.
All dates are Wednesdays.
All dates are week of.
All dates are when the news item was added.
All dates are yet to be determined.
All dates are, of course, weather dependent.
All dates assume that something like the modern system of chronology.
All dates below are subject to availability at time of booking.
All dates below are subject to change, until final confirmation.
All dates below are subject to change.
All dates can be subject to change.
All dates consist of single games only.
All dates given are approximate and are subject to change.
All dates given are dates of performance.
All dates given for assignments are firm deadlines.
All dates inclusive.
All dates indicate the date the assignment is due .
All dates listed are approximate and often change due to weather and site conditions.
All dates listed are approximate.
All dates listed are current at time of publication.
All dates listed are postmark deadlines.
All dates listed are subject to change.
All dates listed are subject to revision.
All dates listed are Sydney time.
All dates listed are tentative and subject to change.
All dates listed are tentative.
All dates listed below are Mondays and indicate the start dates for the units studied.
All dates listed here are for Calcutta, India.
All dates listed here are subject to change.
All dates listed reflect the last possible day to act.
All dates mentioned above are subject to change.
All Dates Open For Booking.
All dates pertaining to development and production are firm deadlines.
All dates refer to official authorizations.
All dates refer to the year before the fellowship is to start.
All dates refer to undergraduate studies unless otherwise specified.
All dates reflect most current versions.
All dates require a four digit year.
All dates require advance reservations and space is limited.
All dates show longitudinal structure with little consistency between dates.
All dates shown are Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines unless otherwise noted.
All dates shown are subject to change.
All dates shown are the recording dates.
All dates shown below are correct as listed.
All dates shown in previous promotional literature are correct for the time being.
All dates shown in the following schedule are approximate.
Any date is fine.
Any dates are available.
Any dates are definite.
Any dates listed here are subject to change.
Any dates posted are tentative.
Any dates printed are subject to the currently configured timefmt .
Every Date is identified by one distinct mdy.
Every date is linked to a region in New Mexico.
Many dates are only approximate.
Many dates are worth considering.
Many dates fill quickly, so call soon.
Many dates give values near the accepted ones.
Many dates still open to schedule a work day.
More dates are on the drawing board.
More dates are to be announced in the near future.
More dates are to be announced.
More Dates Avg.
Most dates apply to hunting male big-game animals.
Most dates are free.
Most dates are questionable.
Most dates are the year introduced into commerce.
Most dates below are open for travel.
Most dates below can be one or two day trips.
Most dates match each source but some are a day or two off.
Most dates range from the twelfth to the eighteenth centuries.
Most dates still have seats for sale.
Some dates already are close to selling out.
Some dates are also in the calendar.
Some dates are approximate.
Some dates are available last minute due to cancellations.
Some dates are before the Civil War.
Some dates are estimates.
Some dates are firm and some are tentative.
Some dates are in process.
Some dates are in, more to come shortly.
Some dates are long after the war.
Some dates are lower priced than others.
Some dates are merely estimates from census records and the age of the first child.
Some dates are now ready.
Some dates are only applicable in certain zones.
Some dates are only est.
Some dates are related to mega-events in Durham or nearby communities.
Some dates are same because the related info was extracted from the oldest message.
Some dates are still available.
Some dates are still pending and others are confirmed.
Some dates are still tentative.
Some dates are still up in the air.
Some dates are subject to change based on participation levels.
Some dates are subject to change throughout the year due to un foreseen problems.
Some dates are subject to change.
Some dates are tentative .
Some dates are tentative and subject to change due to professional considerations.
Some dates are tentative.
Some dates are to subject to change.
Some dates are wikilinked.
Some dates can be in reservation over a year in advance.
Some dates fill up quickly so it is best to reserve three weeks ahead.
Some dates have a built-in context, from which the correct century is obvious.
Some dates have additional information available.
Some dates have more than one problem.
Some dates just refuse to be seen in public with a woman in a wheelchair.
Some dates listed are exclusive for team training.
Some dates offer a link to more detailed information.
Some dates require a minimum night stay in order to reserve a room or a suite.
Some dates require minimum stays.
Some dates require pre-registration.
Some dates shed light on the history of the monument.
Some dates span more than one topic.
Some dates still open.
Some dates vary with source material.
Dated engine shows age.
Dated information has no value.
Dated information is virtually worthless.
Dated material is an eye soar on the net.
Dated material is subject to change at any time.
Dateline airs four times a week.
Dateline averages four stories per show.
Dateline caters to all lifestyles and all geographic locations.
Dateline contains brief announcements and a daily listing of events.
Dateline contains member profiles and news, articles and industry news.
Dateline finds that the airlines are often misleading or inaccurate in reporting travel times.
Dateline is soon so please apply now.
Dateline is where singles find companionship, romance, love and marriage to a faithful mate.
Dateline then examines the reality behind the allegations of reverse discrimination.
Datelines are at the top of each story.
Datelines are lines.
Datelines are part of dispatchs.
Dates family leave is taken by an employee.
Dating  kisses.
Dating  kissing.
Dating are chemical analysises.
Dating cause marriages.
A datum is information
Data abounds on the effects of gambling on the justice system throughout the country.
Data abounds there.
Data accompanying each entry usually includes bondsman and minister's name from the return.
Data accumulated and communicated via computers can have a limitless audience.
Data accumulated through observation is the basic source of knowledge in science.
Data actually seem fairly consistent with simple model without supply shocks.
Data adjusted for seasonal changes are only available for California at the major industry level.
Data affects proper treatment of patients, delivery costs, provider decisions and research.
Data affirm higher cancer risk for female spouse of a smoker.
Data allows a farm operator to do comparative analysis to Indiana farm businesses.
Data Allows a single value to be entered.
Data allows client and sublect profiles to be compared to other profiles.
Data allows communities to determine what law enforcement agencies are doing.
Data allows dynamic and real-time management of a security system.
Data allows for the creation of dynamic data diven Web applications.
Data allows for the creation of dynamic data driven Web applications.
Data allows for the exploitation of the XML extender.
Data allows men and their families to compare different treatment options and their outcome.
Data allows Web applications to interface with a variety of database systems.
Data alone predict nothing.
Data already exists, but it is hard to find frequently undocumented and in incompatible formats.
Data already indicates air quality is impaired in at least two regions where plants are proposed.
Data also changes the nature of usage.
Data also compares house averages to members living in residence halls and off campus.
Data also contains the percentage of adult current smokers who quit smoking for one day or more.
Data also cover topics such as attitudes, criminal behavior, mental health and treatments.
Data also downloads to a computer.
Data also has to be managed in a cost-effective way.
Data also indicate that tetanus, in particular, tends to infect more people as they age.
Data also indicate the ozone's vertical distribution.
Data also indicates few have a clue of how to go about it.
Data also is collected by research vessels and ocean platforms.
Data also is collected from clinics and physician offices throughout the state.
Data also is collected on office, retail and industrial building permits.
Data also is used to inform the public about current air quality conditions.
Data also provides collection analysis information.
Data also reveal incidence of violence against police by citizens.
Data also reveal that their fears are reasonable.
Data also reveal the most common sites for people of different ages.
Data also show a trend in more office staff and paraprofessionals attending workshops.
Data also show an increase in water color with an increase in water depth.
Data also show biodegradation of toluene under denitrifying and iron-reducing conditions.
Data also show that air consumption is below target values and supply pressures are acceptable.
Data also show that females immigrate into colonies more frequently than males.
Data also show that juvenile violent crimes are most likely to occur at the close of the school day.
Data also show that men continue to earn more than women with similar educational attainment.
Data also show that the number of countries Canada imports from is increasing.
Data also show that the oft-predicted downturn in construction has again been postponed.
Data also show that the use of professional search firms is increasing.
Data also show that use of seatbelts continues to increase each year.
Data also shows that the burden of hospital uncompensated care varies by location and services.
Data also suggest that after the first two years the dropout rate begins to decline.
Data also suggest that there are health disparities among Arizona's minority groups.
Data also suggest that they prefer to travel discreetly, without the light of a bright moon.
Data analyses and quantitative analyses.
Data analyses and reports ranging from descriptive to multivariate statistics.
Data analyses experience a plus.
Data analyses for all projects currently are under way.
Data analyses now being conducted.
Data analyses of both the sightings data and ice recordings are underway.
Data analyses primarily is based on frequency of observation using large numbers of dives.
Data analyses splice integrity for maximum quality.
Data appear consistent.
Data appear good.
Data appear in both million barrels per day.
Data appear to be adequately documented, although the documentation is in Portuguese.
Data appear to be reliable since they are based on police reports.
Data appear with no error bars.
Data appears approx.
Data appears to be in many different forms.
Data are a combination of fixed choice responses, and open text.
Data are a forward-looking indicator of new orders received.
Data are about the past.
Data are accessible by geographic area, size and type of practice, and total medical revenue.
Data are accessible in both tabular and spreadsheet format.
Data are accurate and secure.
Data are accurate and sensible.
Data are accurate, and observations are stated in complete sentences.
Data are age-adjusted.
Data are already available for more than two consecutive decades.
Data are also available for any user-defined grouping of Texas counties.
Data are also available for census metropolitan areas and the smaller census agglomerations.
Data are also available for males and females separately.
Data are also available for narrower economic segments.
Data are also available for onscreen viewing.
Data are also available for on-screen viewing.
Data are also available for postcodes and aggregates of SLAs.
Data are also available for regions, states, and counties.
Data are also available for room, board, and book costs.
Data are also available for selected metropolitan areas.
Data are also available for Texas counties.
Data are also available for the State of California and the United States .
Data are also available for USA and Japan.
Data are also available for work on dairy cattle genetics.
Data are also available from a wide range of space missions.
Data are also available from national sources in some countries only.
Data are also available in electronic format.
Data are also available in machine-readable form on floppy disks.
Data are also available in machine-readable form.
Data are also available in numerical form or as computer printouts.
Data are also available in special tabulations.
Data are also available linking human exposure to contaminants to earlier puberty.
Data are also available on computer tape .
Data are also available on employment, employment by industry and personal earnings by industry.
Data are also available on full-time graduate students by primary source and mechanism of support.
Data are also available on insurable earnings and work earnings.
Data are also available on many vertebrates of Latin America and the Caribbean.
Data are also available on the Internet.
Data are also available on the Web.
Data are also available on volume of sale ranking within state, and percent of states total sales.
Data are also available online.
Data are also available through custom tabulation.
Data are also available through custom tabulations.
Data are also available via disk, tape, and hard copy upon request.
Data are also considerably more distributed today.
Data are also essential concerning human groupings, societies, polities, economic behavior, etc.
Data are also incomplete for Mill Creek sediments immediately downstream from the site.
Data are also routinely compared with company reports.
Data are always benign.
Data are always imperfect, even in industrialized countries.
Data are always much more worthy of consideration than software.
Data are anecdotal and qualitative, rather than quantitative, in nature.
Data are anecdotal, but up to now there have been no bleeding problems.
Data are annual averages from monthly data.
Data are appropriate for use at a regional scale and are intended as a reference.
Data are approximate.
Data are as of the third week of classes.
Data are as of third week of classes.
Data are as submitted by member economies, unless otherwise specified.
Data are at individual, household, and community levels.
Data are available after the full scale time until reset.
Data are available along the satellite track, in gridded form, or as color maps.
Data are available as cumulative values or as daily averages by menu selection.
Data are available as daily ascii files.
Data are available as nominal figures, or corrected for inflation.
Data are available as x,y text files.
Data are avail-able at a geographic scale of postal code, metro area, city, state, or province.
Data are available at half-hourly intervals.
Data are available at several scales and formats.
Data are available at that time unless otherwise protected.
Data are available at the census tract level.
Data are available at the county, district, and state level.
Data are available at the national and regional levels.
Data are available at the school district level.
Data are available at the website and as hard copy.
Data are available by a wide-range of geographical and urban size categories.
Data are available by age, income and for the nine U.S. census regions.
Data are available by age, income and region.
Data are available by State and county of residence.
Data are available concerning both place of work and place of residence.
Data are available down to municipality level by age, sex and other characteristics.
Data are available for a limited number of countries only.
Data are available for all active monitoring locations provided by site and sample date.
Data are available for all states and most counties.
Data are available for almost any unit of Idaho geography.
Data are available for analysis within a couple of days of the field work.
Data are available for California, metropolitan statistical areas, and counties.
Data are available for census metropolitan areas and the smaller census agglomerations.
Data are available for confirmation and improvement of numerical models.
Data are available for establishments exempt from federal income tax in the source publication.
Data are available for free download in both formats.
Data are available for hundreds of industries.
Data are available for many years.
Data are available for monthly and annual time periods.
Data are available for onscreen viewing or download.
Data are available for onscreen viewing or for download.
Data are available for persons employed in the transport and storage industry.
Data are available for public competition.
Data are available for research purposes.
Data are available for specific scientific purposes one year after generation.
Data are available for specific scientific purposes two years after generation.
Data are available for states and counties.
Data are available for the last hour at several of the stations by clicking below.
Data are available for the most recent three ledger year months.
Data are available for the previous and current month.
Data are available for the United States and foreign countries.
Data are available for times when the satellite crossed a telemetry station.
Data are available for transport industries.
Data are available from a variety of sources .
Data are available from investigators involved in the project.
Data are available from some articles.
Data are available here for monthly and annual time periods.
Data are available in aggregate form only.
Data are available in both text and graphical formats.
Data are available in card-image format with accompanying SPSS control cards.
Data are available in card-image format with four cards per case.
Data are available in card-image format.
Data are available in digital and publication format.
Data are available in hourly and daily format, both in plotted and digital form.
Data are available in Japanese and English.
Data are available in many formats.
Data are available in plotted and digital form.
Data are available in quarterly reports.
Data are available in seven languages.
Data are available in statistical reports for the first year of the study.
Data are available in tabular, graphical, or optional geographical formats.
Data are available in various formats including print, electronic, AV and multi-media.
Data are available on a half-year basis.
Data are available on a monthly basis.
Data are available on a record-unit basis.
Data are available on a regular basis for time series analysis.
Data are available on both computer printouts and floppy diskettes.
Data are available on both state and national levels.
Data are available on criminal defendants in cases filed, pending, and terminated.
Data are available on demand.
Data are available on diskette free of charge from the contact person above on request.
Data are available on diskette from the contact person above on request.
Data are available on diskette or via anonymous ftp.
Data are available on many species, but no pictures yet.
Data are available on matters and cases filed, pending, and terminated.
Data are available on other media, such as CD-ROM , usually for a small fee.
Data are available on population, births, deaths, and marriages.
Data are available on prescriptions, prescribed items, costs and volumes.
Data are available on request.
Data are available on specific regional and local demographic, industrial and employment trends.
Data are available on tape and CD-ROM .
Data are available on tape and diskette.
Data are available on the difficulty of each question or task within a resource.
Data are available on three patients.
Data are available only for public water systems.
Data are available only for the second mechanism listed.
Data are available pre, peri- and postoperative, and form the basis of three clinical scores.
Data are available quarterly and are aggregated to give an annual figure.
Data are available through computer generated tabulations and specially produced computer files.
Data are available through investigator Web sites.
Data are available to address the research topic.
Data are available to consultants for use in air pollution dispersion modeling.
Data are available upon request without review.
Data are available upon request.
Data are available via anonymous ftp.
Data are available via ftp.
Data are available via tapes only.
Data are available via two web-based data browsers, described next, and via ftp.
Data are available with regard to time from last onset to treatment, and number of episodes.
Data are average of hundreds of thousands of molecules.
Data are averages for the noninstitutional population.
Data are averages from eight villages.
Data are better than words.
Data are bibliographic citations, including library catalogs or citation databases.
Data are bits of information analyzed to draw and explain conclusions.
Data are both contemporary and historical and new data are constantly being added.
Data are both seasonally adjusted and unadjusted.
Data are British, and so are the types of foods included.
Data are calculated on a cash basis and interest is presented on an accrual basis.
Data are central to all scientific and engineering studies.
Data are certainly present, but filtering is difficult.
Data are chiefly available in printed form.
Data are clear and logical.
Data are collected from small plots, say a few square meters.
Data are combined verbal and math scores.
Data are complete.
Data are complicated.
Data are comprehensive and cover practices as well as emissions and inputs.
Data are confidential.
Data are consistent with the action of macrophages releasing cytokines that cause death.
Data are copied to the PC clipboard using a utility file.
Data are counts of jobs by place of work.
Data are cross-tabulated by company revenue, employment size and geographic area including Canada.
Data are cummulative from one report to the next.
Data are cummulative.
Data are current and updated periodically.
Data are current as of the preceding evening.
Data are currently available approximately every four years.
Data are daily.
Data are deficient on status, and extent and impact of utilisation.
Data are digital files.
Data are digital or available as maps.
Data are discussed herein with regards to the model-derived regressions.
Data are downloadable in several formats.
Data are downloadable into spreadsheets format.
Data are easier to manipulate in electronic format and it is easier to proof primary data.
Data are easily copied and linked from one sheet to another.
Data are easy to collect, easy to understand.
Data are endemic in education settings.
Data are endemic in educational settings.
Data are entities that convey meaning.
Data are essential for world financial operations.
Data are estimates based on a sample.
Data are estimates using federal procedures.
Data are even harder to come by for such questions.
Data are even more scarce for other aquatic systems, including wetlands.
Data are everywhere.
Data are experimental, extrapolated, or estimated, from a variety of sources.
Data are extremely variable, even during repeated sampling at a single location.
Data are facts and, as such, are easily and quickly stated.
Data are fairly accurate.
Data are few and definitions are difficult to translate into simple research categories.
Data are final in the second semester of following-year to the reference period.
Data are final unless otherwise indicated.
Data are final.
Data are fine.
Data are for a wide variety of species with determinate and indeterminate growth.
Data are for all persons engaged in the sector, as well as for employees alone.
Data are for both oil pipelines and natural gas.
Data are for consolidated city of Jacksonville.
Data are for domestically chartered commercial banks in the U.S. d.
Data are for federally insured credit unions.
Data are for females only.
Data are for fiscal year, and include permanent civilians as well as temporaries and military.
Data are for gasoline fueled vehicles only.
Data are for government use.
Data are for hardwood and softwood timber markets in Louisiana.
Data are for institutions of higher education.
Data are for males and females combined.
Data are for orbital launches only.
Data are for regional residents who have earned a post-secondary degree.
Data are for students found on follow-up.
Data are for the amount of chemicals applied, the date and the method of applications.
Data are for the counties in Oregon, New Jersey, Maryland, and Colorado.
Data are for the current quarter, the preceding quarter, and the current quarter a year ago.
Data are for the entire academic year and are average charges paid by students.
Data are for the entire academic year and are average charges.
Data are for the hermaphrodite unless noted.
Data are for the most recent year available, within the specified range.
Data are for the number and dollar value of awards distributed in each fiscal year.
Data are for the seven largest IXCs.
Data are for the U.S. and each state, and additional data include payroll supplements.
Data are for utility patents.
Data are fragile.
Data are free of charge.
Data are free whenever a full service request can be answered by phone.
Data are freely available to the public and all partners.
Data are frequently updated - please request current version before publication.
Data are from a nationally representative survey of students in U.S. colleges and universities.
Data are from a range of historical and literary sources.
Data are from a sample survey of recent college graduates.
Data are from a single sweep of the horizontally scanning lower fuselage C-band radar.
Data are from a variety of national and international sources.
Data are from a variety of sources with differing sample sizes and designs.
Data are from a wide variety of sources.
Data are from above the canopy.
Data are from adult steelhead and indicate age at the first spawning migration.
Data are from adult steelhead, except where noted otherwise.
Data are from base flow conditions except where indicated as storm flow.
Data are from base flow conditions.
Data are from census and other official statistics.
Data are from construction in the prescribed geographic area.
Data are from drifting ships, manned research stations on ice floes or ice islands, and data buoys.
Data are from government and non-government sources.
Data are from latest available year within the range given.
Data are from many statistical publications, both government and private.
Data are from Maricopa County, the largest county in Arizona.
Data are from mouse and rabbit.
Data are from natural mortalities in populations with little or no hunting and hunted mortalities.
Data are from official sources.
Data are from official state sources.
Data are from personal observation by the author.
Data are from primary publications.
Data are from projects in the proper construction category.
Data are from published sources.
Data are from sample surveys of recent college graduates.
Data are from the Canadian census.
Data are from the census and other official statistics.
Data are from the monthly protective services reports.
Data are from the spring surveys.
Data are from the study, Monitoring the Future, University of Michigan.
Data are from thin section observations.
Data are generally at national or metropolitan levels.
Data are generally available only for specific years or terms.
Data are generally rare when it comes to wide-area systems.
Data are given regarding the inheritance of certain pattern types.
Data are hard to come by.
Data are hard to source.
Data are harder to collect and interpret.
Data are helpful in locating problem sources or locations on a particular farm.
Data are images of fluorescent dye molecules bound to the DNA molecules.
Data are in a blockformat where the first part is parameters and the second part is data.
Data are in a compressed binary format.
Data are in a zipped file.
Data are in accession file, by number.
Data are in card image, two records per case.
Data are in card-image, two records per observation.
Data are in columnar text .dat files.
Data are in comma delimited flat ascii format.
Data are in constant local currency.
Data are in cu rrent U.S. dollars.
Data are in cur rent U.S. dollars.
Data are in current local currency.
Data are in current U.S. dol lars.
Data are in current U.S. dollars.
Data are in degrees F and inches.
Data are in Excel format.
Data are in flat binary files, one image per file, and data compression is applied.
Data are in flat binary format, of two-byte integer type, scaled by ten.
Data are in general processed on different architectures with different memory sizes.
Data are in hundredths of inches.
Data are in machine-readable form, some on microfiche or paper.
Data are in numbers of grains counted.
Data are in numeric format.
Data are in percent.
Data are in plain text format.
Data are in preparation for Alaska.
Data are in six categories, from extinct to vulnerable.
Data are in Spanish, German, English and French.
Data are in tab-delimited text format.
Data are in tabular format by ethnic group, with regional statistics included in an appendix.
Data are in the corotation frame.
Data are in the final stages of annotation for submission and publication.
Data are inaccurate if they are incorrect or misleading as to any matter of fact.
Data are inadequate.
Data are included and referred to in the summary of results.
Data are incomplete - see Introduction. .
Data are incomplete and animal studies show adverse effects on the fetus.
Data are incomplete for many areas.
Data are incomplete pending final decisions.
Data are incomplete. .
Data are inconclusive about the cancer-causing ability of other forms of chromium.
Data are inconsistent as to the effects of vitamin E on the incidence of chronic diseases.
Data are informational and advisory only.
Data are informative.
Data are in-progress.
Data are input from a variety of input file types.
Data are instrumental in doing so.
Data are insufficient concerning the efficacy of spinal manipulation for chronic low back pain.
Data are insufficient for setting quantitative requirements of other species.
Data are insufficient to determine whether all tricyclic antidepressants are equally effective.
Data are insufficient to draw conclusions for any toxic substances in water.
Data are insufficient to estimate niacin requirements of nonhuman primates with confidence.
Data are insufficient to evaluate status.
Data are insufficient to support an estimate of their incidence or to establish causation.
Data are invaluable in all phases of school-based reproductive health programs.
Data are items of information on which scientific inquiry are based.
Data are just as often molded to fit preferred conclusions.
Data are latest available.
Data are latest year available within the range of years.
Data are limited but promising.
Data are limited to genus, species and number of specimens per taxon for most institutions.
Data are limited to the sample of the population.
Data are literally at one's fingertips.
Data are mainly from the Belly River and Edmonton groups.
Data are mainly in English and French, but subject key word fields contain data in both languages.
Data are mean values with ranges in parentheses.
Data are meaningless unless an acceptable performance standard is set.
Data are means of distances in meters traveled during sample days.
Data are means of five replications.
Data are means of four replicates and one standard deviation.
Data are means.
Data are merely pieces of information.
Data are middle series projections of the population.
Data are middle-series projections of the population.
Data are monthly and go back as long as the station has been a reporting station.
Data are monthly data for the current year and annual data for six preceding year.
Data are more concentrated for some areas and less in others.
Data are more relevant because of more thorough communication.
Data are most likely to be stored in groups, or records.
Data are most recent available.
Data are most useful when openly shared.
Data are much easier to work with than other Web site development software.
Data are much less complete for challengers.
Data are needed from study of existing museum specimens.
Data are neither good nor bad, techniques and methods can be.
Data are never complete.
Data are no longer available.
Data are no longer stimuli to interest, but an inimical barrage constituting a physical threat.
Data are no substitute for experience.
Data are nonexistent.
Data are non-identified and collected under state regulations.
Data are normalised to the generation of superoxide in cells exposed to buffer.
Data are now available for Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming.
Data are now available globally in the internet.
Data are now available quarterly and annually.
Data are number and percentage.
Data are of a preliminary nature and are subject to change.
Data are of little use unless they are organized.
Data are often wrong.
Data are on a cash basis.
Data are on a crop year basis.
Data are on affected sib-pairs or, more generally, affected relative pairs.
Data are on magnetic tape, disks and paper.
Data are on one PC diskette and are also available via ftp.
Data are online if a.
Data are only available electronically for the months shown below.
Data are only available in printed publications.
Data are only available on CD-ROMs.
Data are only available on tape .
Data are only data.
Data are only for mandatory levels.
Data are only for students enrolled in school.
Data are only of use if they are employed to achieve organizational goals.
Data are only system corrected, and preserve the radiometric content of the standard original data.
Data are openly available to all.
Data are optional.
Data are patterns stored on a passive medium like a computer disk.
Data are periodically updated to reflect late filings and amendments.
Data are pieces of information that become useful when they are organized in a meaningful way.
Data are plural, datum is singular.
Data are plural.
Data are polygons.
Data are pooled over the entire breeding season in eacn year.
Data are preliminary and subject to revision.
Data are preliminary unless otherwise indicated.
Data are preliminary.
Data are primarily about the middle Atlantic region.
Data are processed with a delay of up to one week, quality is checked after six weeks to six month.
Data are property.
Data are provided in the tables to facilitate comparison with other dissection methods.
Data are provisional and subject to change.
Data are provisional.
Data are publically available after the expiration of the data rights of the principle investigator.
Data are purely qualitative.
Data are quality checked, standardized and severity and risk-adjusted.
Data are quality controlled before placement on-line.
Data are quality controlled by geographical region and put into a tabular format.
Data are quality controlled.
Data are quite limited, however.
Data are raw facts that contain time, content, and form.
Data are raw facts.
Data are readily available at both town and watershed scale, fostering watershed- based planning.
Data are real observations and measurements of the unit.
Data are real.
Data are recorded for individual efforts and progress is monitored.
Data are referred to in the summary of results.
Data are regularly updated.
Data are representative of five experiments.
Data are representative of four experiments.
Data are representative of several independent experiments.
Data are representative of three experiments.
Data are representative of three independent experiments.
Data are representative of three microinjection experiments.
Data are representative of two independent experiments.
Data are retrospective.
Data are reusable to an unlimited degree.
Data are right justified.
Data are scanty and uncertain for younger and older women.
Data are scarce and other information incomplete.
Data are scarce.
Data are scare.
Data are searchable by structure, text, keyword, or author.
Data are seasonally unadjusted.
Data are self-resolving as the user zooms in.
Data are several years old by the time of publication.
Data are shown by type of sterilizing operation and demographic characteristics of the women.
Data are simply numbers or alphabetic characters which represent some entity or entities.
Data are simply pieces of information that are used to describe the world.
Data are somewhat limited, however, on mixtures of several weed species in competition studies.
Data are sparse concerning breeding ecology.
Data are sparse concerning more advanced viviparous species.
Data are sparse in remote areas.
Data are sparse in some cases.
Data are spatially inexact.
Data are specific instances of representations.
Data are statistically unreliable.
Data are still provisional and incomplete.
Data are still very sparse.
Data are stop yields from uniform-price auctions, rounded to two decimal places.
Data are subject to appreciable nonresponse bias.
Data are subject to censoring.
Data are subject to change as new amendments are filed.
Data are subject to change without notice.
Data are subject to continuous revision in light of additional information.
Data are subject to possible inaccuracies in classification, response, and processing.
Data are subject to revised benchmarks.
Data are subject to revision for up to two years.
Data are subject to revision.
Data are subject to revisions.
Data are the average of all casts for each cruise.
Data are the basic elements of information.
Data are the building blocks of knowledge and the lifeblood of research.
Data are the building blocks of knowledge and the seeds of discovery.
Data are the building blocks of scientific knowledge and the seeds of discovery.
Data are the components of information.
Data are the contents of a file.
Data are the foundation on which public policy is based.
Data are the latest available.
Data are the mean of five sets of data.
Data are the most recent available.
Data are the number of contacts made at each position and the mean percentage burial.
Data are the number of tips of the rain gage bucket.
Data are the outcome of experiments, or observations.
Data are the passengers, and ISPs and telcos are the airlines.
Data are the pieces of information that are operated on by programs.
Data are the prominent ingredient in each step of an outcomes management project.
Data are the raw materials for indicators.
Data are the results of an experiment.
Data are then available to the risk assessment casualty researchers.
Data are then immediately available via modem.
Data are then no longer stimuli to interest, but an inimical barrage constituting a physical threat.
Data are therefore immediately available for further evaluations.
Data are therefore only approximations of the panel's opinion.
Data are thus a potentially tradeable asset.
Data are time, in decimal day, and concentration, in micrograms per liter.
Data are to be collected monthly and submitted quarterly within the specified time frame.
Data are to be interpreted only as their normal character values.
Data are to be reported on all types of pesticides, except antimicrobials.
Data are to be saved into a floppy disk .
Data are to be tracked, recorded, and used to identify areas needing improvement.
Data are to bepresented in metric units.
Data are too sparse to completely characterize the extent of contamination.
Data are total for reporting agencies.
Data are treacherous when offered in support of explanations free of theory.
Data are typed in, then the label is copied for duplicates and glued to folded packets.
Data are typically available on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis.
Data are typically available only at an aggregate level.
Data are unavailable on the age of cases in the backlog.
Data are unavailable to separate land ports by the specific modes of road, rail and pipeline.
Data are unavailable.
Data are unduplicated counts of victims.
Data are unprocessed, raw facts, figures, statistics, concepts or instructions.
Data are updated hourly to display valid criteria and remove expired criteria.
Data are up-dated once per second, and mean values and standard deviation logged once per minute.
Data are uploaded in .dat and comma delimited format via a cable to a laptop computer.
Data are uploaded via a cable to a laptop computer.
Data are uploaded via the web into a small, spatially referenced database.
Data are useful only if universally consistent, they say.
Data are usually determined over a useful range of total discharges.
Data are usually in interval or ordinal form.
Data are valid and realistic.
Data are valid at the output pins after the address access time delay.
Data are valid for the current month only.
Data are very difficult to interpretate, even in a straightforward case.
Data are very similar to two-dimensional images.
Data are vulnerable, mutable, unstable, and unlikely to last.
Data are well compatible with a constant.
Data are, as a standard, stored on the buoy.
Data array to be read from the file.
Data arrive in our lives and on our desks as dispersed elements.
Data arrives in packed, predefined record layouts.
Data associated with each object is entered or it can be imported from other data sources.
Data attempts to create the file in the current working directory.
Data automatically swaps from application to application.
Data backup through our normal backup schedule.
Data based arguments are best.
Data based upon people is gathered via meetings, interviews, questionnaires, or observation.
Data bases Links to data vendors and to information about commonly used research data bases.
Data become destiny.
Data become final after two quarters after the end of the reference year.
Data become final one year after their initial publication.
Data become meaningful only when they form a basis for action.
Data become public domain five years after capture.
Data becomes a colorful picture worth a thousand words.
Data becomes available two business days after the reporting period ends.
Data becomes immediately available for sending as email attachments to other users.
Data becomes information through a process of filtering, an exclusion process.
Data becomes information when it can be fit into a pattern of data that has meaning.
Data becomes public when used as evidence in a court proceeding or administrative law proceeding.
Data becomes relevant and increases the overall productivity of the library.
Data becomes transportable at hyper-velocities.
Data becomes violently ill with a computer virus.
Data begets data, and usage begets usage.
Data below are from a bare silicon wafer.
Data below is exclusive of community centers, and projects in disposition.
Data below is what is seen for Livonia city.
Data binding allows developers to create objects that represent database records.
Data binding is a great way to reduce page download size.
Data binding is available for any key or key segment.
Data binding is available on defined fields.
Data binding uses the check box slightly differently.
Data broadcasting over television signals is a great idea.
Data buffering as well as computation introduce a delay of approximately one frame time.
Data calls over a telephony modem are a good example of such factors.
Data can access flat file data sources.
Data can add richness to voice.
Data can also be send back out of a function in the function name itself.
Data can also become out of date.
Data can also clear up prejudices.
Data can also occur outside the content of an element in attribute values or external data entities.
Data can also originate under many different scenarios.
Data can also quickly become out of date.
Data can appear in any order and extensive results and statistics reporting is available.
Data can arrive at a receiver with unbounded delay.
Data can arrive on any network interface and be sent out on any other.
Data can be a crutch or part of the cure.
Data can be a single fit or a file of fits.
Data can be a valuable resource.
Data can be a very powerful but sometimes misleading tool.
Data can be amounts of chemicals used, how long something is, the time something took, etc.
Data can be amounts of chemicals used, how long something is, the time something took,etc.
Data can be amounts of chemicals used, how long something is.
Data can be an observed image or spectrum, result is always positive.
Data can be an ugly beast.
Data can be and have been manipulated to support numerous conclusions.
Data can be and often is viewed by third parties.
Data can be and often is, viewed by third parties.
Data can be both pack ed and compress ed.
Data can be clips or still-frames.
Data can be company profiles or research reports.
Data can be complete files specified or most used files.
Data can be difficult to analyze.
Data can be documents and presentations, of course.
Data can be down loaded for more complex analyses.
Data can be download as .csv or .xml files.
Data can be either cut or copied to the clipboard.
Data can be either on a dedicated or a shared machine.
Data can be e-mailed or faxed depending on the users system needs.
Data can be e-mailed, added to a database, or evaluated to produce customized results.
Data can be exigible just like other forms of property.
Data can be flat file, database or legacy derived.
Data can be ftp-ed.
Data can be georeferenced, but still navigable by association.
Data can be hexadecimal or ascii form.
Data can be in any form, paper, CD-R, disk or just on a computer screen.
Data can be in either symbolic or numeric form.
Data can be in the form of a number, fraction, percentage, currency or text.
Data can be inconsistent across systems, leading to incorrect conclusions about IT assets.
Data can be input and modified.
Data can be input and output using a wide variety of conventions for lines, planes, and directions.
Data can be input and stored easily in the field.
Data can be input in real-time , or in batch mode.
Data can be input, viewed and printed in a few simple steps.
Data can be just numbers.
Data can be log, linear, date, or time and can have multiple data sets.
Data can be monthly, quarterly, or annual.
Data can be numbers, labels, formulas, pictures, sounds, etc.
Data can be numeric or alphabetic.
Data can be numerous but are clear, unambiguous, and understandable.
Data can be of any geographical location or locations.
Data can be optionally output in printer plots.
Data can be output by numerical codes.
Data can be output in a variety of formats.
Data can be output in a variety of standard PC formats for permanent record retention.
Data can be output in a wide variety of formats to best serve the user.
Data can be output in a wide variety of formats.
Data can be output in either English or metric units.
Data can be output in general formats or downloaded into a spreadsheet program for further analysis.
Data can be output in variety of formats, including spreadsheets.
Data can be output in wither english or metric units.
Data can be output to screen, printer, or file.
Data can be password protected and encrypted to ensure privacy.
Data can be password protected.
Data can be public domain.
Data can be purely numeric, or alpha-numeric.
Data can be record and erased many times.
Data can be saved to text files, screen hardcopies are possible.
Data can be sensitive either because of privacy concerns or because it is a competitive asset.
Data can be spotty, but it is still a useful site for staying up with aviation news and issues.
Data can be text, maps, databases, images, catalogues etc.
Data can be text, numbers, formulas, or logical tests.
Data can be time series or snapshot.
Data can be uploaded to our Internet server for use between meetings or for interim online meetings.
Data can be very powerful and persuasive.
Data can be whole images, single pixels, or vectors.
Data can be words, numbers, graphics, sounds, or movies.
Data can be yearly, monthly, daily, whatever.
Data can be, and often is, viewed by third parties.
Data can become corrupted in the copying and boaters can end up using faulty charts.
Data can become nearly immortal.
Data can blur as it scrolls across the screen.
Data can but imperfectly disclose their objects.
Data can bypass from the copy-in buffers to the main instruction or data buses without penalty.
Data can change without notice.
Data can come from inside an organization as well as from beyond the walls of the organization.
Data can come from numerous sources and be of many types.
Data can come in many forms, such as text , graphics and sounds.
Data can compel both corporate and state partners to get involved.
Data can continue to be captured, as well, using current methods.
Data can contribute to beneficial treatment outcomes.
Data can do it all.
Data can drive a school to make important and evolutionary changes.
Data can either be discrete or continuous .
Data can exist in any form, but is commonly identified with electronic digital signals.
Data can export to third party payroll services.
Data can flow both ways, but only when a connection is live.
Data can flow from the hardware level up, or from the software level down.
Data can flow on all paths concurrently.
Data can flow straight through the bridge without becoming packetized.
Data can freely flow independently.
Data can go from one state to another, one nation to another, with the blink of an eye.
Data can help provide information needed for good decision making.
Data can help the business focus when requirements are vague.
Data can include code, and code can include data.
Data can include kinesthetic, tactile, visual, auditory, conceptual or knowing cues.
Data can include teachers' reports, grades, classes, exam timings, and even billing information.
Data can include text, numbers, program codes, graphic art, sound, and video clips.
Data can leak out to temporary employees, contractors.
Data can move between private and shared databases.
Data can no longer be hidden in the footnotes, say accounting experts.
Data can only flow in their assigned time slots.
Data can originate at the hub itself or from any earth terminal.
Data can pass by a PE through the router chip with no cpu intervention.
Data can quickly become outdated.
Data can range from sysop cautions about topics to advertising banners.
Data can refer to all data sources.
Data can sound better or worse depending on how healthcare professionals talk about it.
Data can support and enhance the gaming experience, but it plays a secondary role.
Data can take a long time to download.
Data can take care of any ellipsoid model.
Data can take the form of a check mark, a cross, or a even a scribble.
Data can take the form of video, audio, photographs, graphics and text.
Data can then be output to a computer or printed directly to a serial printer.
Data can track it.
Data can travel quite rapidly through high performance connections even over thousands of miles.
Data can travel the pipeline with minimal overhead.
Data capabilities themselves.
Data change rapidly in some active systems on the computer.
Data changes onscreen as the weather instrument readings vary.
Data characterize coastal environments and wildlife by their sensitivity to spilled oil.
Data characterize skin condition in patients with dermatological problems.
Data Check out the local weather forecast .
Data choose that moment to break free.
Data cleaning upon entry provides for rapid database lock after last patient visit.
Data cleansing for a warehouse is a tough job.
Data Cleansing to bill for different print allocations or usage allocations.
Data clearly demonstrates the association between illness and the inhalation of secondhand smoke.
Data clearly indicates that roadless areas foster economic growth in the New West.
Data clearly reflects the survey question.
Data clearly show more accurate diagnoses result when pathologists know a patient's history.
Data Click to initiate ftp transfer.
Data collected are for statistical purposes only.
Data collected are fully compatible with the older program.
Data collected by different organizations are often incompatible.
Data collected by South African groups is consistent with our findings.
Data collected by such ocean placed sensors are important to the planet's future.
Data collected by the computer is printed out to provide a log of depository transactions.
Data collected include the number of sworn and civilian personnel by State and type of agency.
Data collected locally is shared at the state and national levels.
Data collected under the scheme also reflect user satisfaction.
Data collecting and reporting is required and summary data on decisions is public information.
Data collecting methods are frequently overlooked but important.
Data columns that reference other columns also have predefined labels .
Data come from a number of sources.
Data come from a survey of smoking and socioeconomic status.
Data come from different sources and cross-checking is sometimes confusing.
Data come from different spouts table.
Data come from employers via the compulsory reports.
Data come from epidemiologic, autopsy, clinical, and animal studies.
Data come from field work, microscopy, and various geochemical techniques.
Data come from many sources such as researcher database, report and articles.
Data come from researchers across the country.
Data come from rodent bioassays, in which animals are fed chemicals and then examined for cancer.
Data come from several sources.
Data come from sound assessment tools, making the researcher accountable.
Data come from surface, aircraft and satellite platforms.
Data come from the World Population Data Sheet and other wallcharts.
Data come from tide gauge measurements.
Data come in different formats, projections, coordinate systems, equinoxes and scales.
Data come in several formats, which is dependent upon from which institution the data originates.
Data come in several formats.
Data come in various formats though in most cases software to read the data is also available.
Data come with individual identifiers.
Data comes from a study conducted upon local residents in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Data comes from a wide variety of published and unpublished sources.
Data comes from driller's logs, engineering boring logs, etc.
Data comes from monitoring the various live search displays, described above.
Data comes from more than the control room instrument panel board.
Data comes from records with indexes in the specified ranges within the log files mentioned.
Data comes from tests performed on farms and at provincial test stations and packing plants.
Data comes from the unit in the field as well.
Data comes from two qualitative studies conducted in different areas of Southern Province, Zambia.
Data comes in all shapes and forms, from relatively easy to work with to practically impossible.
Data comes in all shapes and sizes.
Data comes in an ever-increasing number of formats.
Data comes in and goes into a standard format.
Data comes in from the Internet to the cable company's data network.
Data comes in many forms and types, and from different systems.
Data comes in through a cable TV connection off a loop that runs through a neighborhood.
Data comes in widely varying formats, media and file types.
Data comes in, but nothing goes out.
Data comes in.
Data comes into play under two circumstances.
Data comes into via a single method.
Data comes online quickly, but it can also change very rapidly.
Data coming from different sources in different formats is inevitable.
Data comprise the core of any correctional education data system.
Data concerning counties is kept at the local environmental departments.
Data concerning egg contamination are equally difficult to locate.
Data concerning use during the first trimester are limited.
Data concerning young homosexuals is somewhat unreliable.
Data conform well to the two types of plots used, linear companion plots and mixing hyperbolas.
Data connects to.
Data consist of demographic and medical diagnosis information for all jurisdictions.
Data consist of pressure, temperature and salinity for all casts.
Data constitute an institution's nervous system.
Data Contains either information destined for an upper-layer protocol or control information.
Data contains observations from three granules from two orbits.
Data contains one granule from an orbit.
Data continue through present.
Data continue to accumulate documenting altered immune mechanisms in renal cancer patients.
Data continue to be collected and entered into the databases.
Data copy in dbase.
Data corresponds to the web edition of the database.
Data cover all general purpose local governments.
Data cover all institutions of the central government.
Data cover all sectors in industry and some service sectors.
Data cover demographic, economic and governmental variables.
Data cover direct, general expenditures, including capital outlay.
Data cover expenditure, number of employees and education.
Data cover freight, small packages, and mail.
Data cover functioning, mortality, use of health care, and changes in health status over time.
Data cover guarantees by the federal government.
Data cover large amounts of text and statistical tables.
Data cover manufacturing, merchant wholesale trade, retail trade and selected service industries.
Data cover national, state, county, and zip code areas.
Data cover only average interest rates.
Data cover policy issues, as well as technical areas.
Data cover Scotland and includes enterprises with eleven or more employees.
Data cover senior executives at publicly traded companies in the Philadelphia area.
Data cover the debt of the Republic of Croatia and central government funds.
Data cover the entire economy.
Data cover the reference month only.
Data cover transfers of migrant's property and the value of freight on migrant's shipments.
Data covered include geography, economy, population, and social indicators.
Data covering Columbus County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Craven County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Dare County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Johnston County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Jones County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Nash County is available from many other sources.
Data covering New Hanover County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Pamlico County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Robeson County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Rockingham County is available from many other sources.
Data covering the first sixteen months of the network's operations are encouraging.
Data covering Wayne County is available from many other sources.
Data covering Wilson County is available from many other sources.
Data covers turkeys raised, production and value.
Data creates a mysterious offspring.
Data cutoffs and scheduling are integral parts of a model's input and output.
Data decides to initiate another dream then and there.
Data demonstrate a dose-dependent attenuation of baroflex responsiveness by fentanyl.
Data demonstrate how land management decisions have a strong impact on surface-atmosphere exchange.
Data demonstrate that fossil data record agricultural droughts.
Data demonstrating such a relationship in Swedish moose are shown.
Data depicted are from a single patient of the three studied.
Data depicting race and ethnicity show dramatic health disparities .
Data derive from questionnaires periodically sent out to public or private research organisations.
Data Describe the data variables and data structures internal to the component.
Data Describe the relationship of geomagnetic disturbances to solar events.
Data describing correctional education outcomes are more important than ever.
Data describing development pressures is reported less often.
Data diagramming involves integrating graphics and data.
Data dictionary A coded catalog of all data types listing data names and structures.
Data dictionary A fixed list of fields and their description.
Data directly interprets.
Data discovers a beautiful new species of tropical fish.
Data display Defining the greyscale of filled polygons.
Data display The simplest way to show data is a dot plot .
Data display The simplest way to show data is a dot plot.
Data Do the version space algorithm using the data provided.
Data documenting improvement in photodamage with glycolic acid use, however, is limited.
Data documenting molybdenum toxicity in humans are limited.
Data documenting the effectiveness of newer approaches are likewise scant.
Data does includes distinct attribute information for each soil polygon.
Data does nothing but fill computer drives until it is presented in an intelligent form to people.
Data drag and drop throughout multiple worksheets.
Data driven decision making becomes easier with instant access to assessment results.
Data driven decisions help identify smarter, more productive ways to accomplish the mission.
Data driven format capabilities are available to trace product through the production process.
Data driven graphics rather than graphics driven data is how information is managed.
Data driven Web pages work directly with the customers.
Data drives decisions and actions.
Data ductbank manhole.
Data dump on scratch sheet.
Data easily flows to invoices or payroll with the click of a button.
Data editing or parsing is also a standard feature.
Data edits, flows, controls and reporting.
Data elements part of technical specifications for the data import.
Data empower people and build momentum for reform.
Data enables collaboration through applications such as shared whiteboard, application sharing, etc.
Data enables Internet and intranet access to relational data on a variety of platforms.
Data encoding involves the translation of data in one form to another.
Data encoding obfuscation affect how the stored data is interpreted.
Data encoding obfuscations affect how the stored data is interpreted.
Data encompass clinical outcomes, cost and member and provider satisfaction for the same population.
Data endows a game with useful color and texture.
Data enter information of a highly confidential nature.
Data enter microfilm reel, indexing, certificates and record production cost accounting data.
Data enter on-line requisitions according to purchasing guidelines.
Data entered by users are cross-referenced with all steps to enhance continuity between phases.
Data entries The problem of incompatibilities is continued for the data entries.
Data exclude defendants finalised in appeal cases.
Data exclude faculty employed by system offices.
Data exclude foetal deaths.
Data exclude marine bunkers and minor fuel such as peat, shale, and fuelwood.
Data exclude permanent inmates of institutions.
Data exclude prisoners, foreigners and persons living abroad.
Data exclude prisoners.
Data exclude review.
Data exclude shipments of crude petroleum.
Data exclude the countries of the former Soviet Union.
Data exclude the incorporated and unincorporated self-employed.
Data exclude the retroactive licensing of already existing buildings or parts of existing buildings.
Data exclude units in buildings with slanting downspouts, sagging shutters, or uneven terrain.
Data excludes self-employed workers, domestics, and government workers.
Data excludes the oil and gas and financial sectors.
Data excludes the state of vascular plants, mosses, lichens, other fungi and algae.
Data excludes transportation-related expenditures.
Data exhibit a band-pass mechanism.
Data exist at the metropolitan, county, state, and national levels.
Data exist in both digital and hard copy forms.
Data exist in several forms.
Data exist in three formats at the current time.
Data exist independent of intelligence.
Data exist outside of any context.
Data exist to support just about any viewpoint.
Data exists at irregularly spaced positions in a plane.
Data extract and merge allows installation details to be saved to disk individually.
Data extracted from the report is displayed in the table window.
Data falling outside control limits as well as data showing runs or trends is highlighted.
Data falling outside limits is highlighted.
Data falls in love with the replicator.
Data feed into the database at one-minute intervals.
Data feeds allow students to make simulated trades using the real-time information.
Data fields Fifteen data fields are defined, one per channel.
Data figures out that being a robot is good .
Data file A file that contains data from a database.
Data file no longer remains locked after performing a merge.
Data file optical.
Data file prior to issuing the sed command.
Data file technical characteristics All mortality data files are fixed-length blocked files.
Data file The name of the data file.
Data file too large to be mirrored in Australia.
Data files Codon usage table files are read in.
Data files It reads in angles files for the twist, roll and tilt angles.
Data files It reads in the specified similarity matrix.
Data files It uses the specified matrix substitution file to compare the two sequences.
Data files Miscellaneous data files for use with our software.
Data files None.
Data files Prettyplot uses a comparison matrix file to calculate similarity to the consensus.
Data files The game needs two graphics files, cars.gif and title.gif .
Data files The indoor-outdoor data is stored in a directory inoutdoor .
Data fills the phone screen.
Data filters through a router and a firewall before it is permitted to reach the server.
Data filters through a router and firewall before it is permitted to reach the server.
Data finds the errant chip of information and the problem is solved.
Data flow analysis for procedural languages.
Data flow analysis in presence of procedure calls .
Data flow analysis in the presence of procedure calls .
Data flow concepts for hardware design.
Data flow diagrams and data dictionaries.
Data flow diagrams and structure charts.
Data flow diagrams and subprogram declarations give information concerning a single subprogram.
Data flow driven parallelism.
Data flow equations of explicitly parallel programs.
Data flow from one bean to another in a channel.
Data flow from right to left.
Data flow graph with two communicationally associated partitionings superimposed.
Data flow in operations and data abstraction.
Data flow on a queue machine .
Data flow sheets or line listings can also be helpful.
Data flow The requirements for storage of data by and communications between the parties.
Data flow to numerically controlled machine tools and bench monitoring devices on the shop floor.
Data flow to the write laser is continuous, and opportunities for errors are minimized.
Data flow with a custom depacketizer plug-in.
Data flows across the net much like little candies on a conveyor belt.
Data flows between applets in named packets known as data items.
Data flows between code segments.
Data flows between the plug-in and Navigator in either sequential or seekable streams.
Data flows directly to the printhead from the host PC, improving print speed performance.
Data flows down for enciphering, and up for deciphering.
Data flows faster, more efficiently to and from the network.
Data flows forward from the input to the output through the forward propagation network.
Data flows from an application program through the socket layer to the networking support.
Data flows from left to right along communications layers.
Data flows from left to right through the command line, passing through each filter in order.
Data flows from left to right.
Data flows from one computer's Out port to the next computer's In port.
Data flows in at a rapid rate, especially with a multichannel system.
Data flows in opposite directions along each ring.
Data flows in opposite directions on the rings.
Data flows in the direction of the arrow.
Data flows in the forward direction and acknowledgements flow in the reverse direction.
Data flows quickly, reliably and easily between everyone involved.
Data flows regularly, like blood and the human heart, and is synchronized with the clock.
Data flows through a company like water flows through pipes.
Data flows through multiple filters, each one doing one particular thing to the data stream.
Data flows through various processing elements.
Data flows to and from the house with similar ease.
Data focus on national accounts, international transactions, and other indicators of development.
Data focuses on type of land burned and causes of fire.
Data follow the operator to any workstation.
Data follows the addresses.
Data form the programme is archived in two streams.
Data freezes in mid-sentence.
Data gathering on the outstanding work faculty do as teachers and their needs to optimize teaching.
Data generally exclude family reunification.
Data generally is collected at the election district level.
Data generally lag two years from present.
Data generally reflects conditions for Hamilton County as a whole.
Data generally resides on centralized file servers.
Data generated by finite difference is inverted and obtained estimates are accurate.
Data generates a new output page.
Data generates the default report.
Data Get data files from some analytical equipment.
Data given about properties to be auctioned is given as a courtesy and is for information only.
Data given for the treatment group are the average effects at each measurement.
Data given includes location, circulation, advertising rates, names of executives, etc.
Data given is primarily on the national level, but some tables include state and local data.
Data gives teachers valuable guidance toward maximum learning.
Data Go to the previous , next section.
Data goes back four election cycles.
Data goes back many years.
Data goes back quite a long way, and it contains a huge set of links as well.
Data goes here.
Data goes in, and data comes out.
Data goes in, something wonderful happens, and data comes out.
Data goes to a central spot, where it gets translated to the format of the requesting application.
Data going from the backbone to the customer is received at the hub.
Data going over the bundle is transmitted and received through the master link.
Data going to and from public sites can go in the clear directly from the firewall.
Data grabs it back and subdues the man, only to have the cane flare twice.
Data grows like a weed.
Data handles correctly all warnings coming from the database.
Data has an ultimate storage capacity of eight hundred quadrillion bits.
Data has clean polygon topology.
Data has disadvantages.
Data has no scientific basis and described.
Data has physical interpretation.
Data has priority over video on the rest of the pipe.
Data has the power to inform and misinform.
Data has to be cooked.
Data has to be entered only once, which means that potential input errors can be avoided.
Data has to be manipulated before it can be released.
Data has to be reformatted and copied from here to there.
Data has to be re-keyed once responses are received.
Data has to be their most valuable asset.
Data has to be written in one go since data is written to CDs as an essentially continuous line.
Data has to go together with individual women's experiences.
Data have a specific contextual referent, that is, the assessments or tests from which they emanate.
Data have formats, written in a language that a computer can read.
Data have to be contained in one single file.
Data have yet to be analyzed for Honduras and Hawaii.
Data have yet to show a turnaround.
Data head positioning signal generating method and apparatus therefor.
Data held by other agencies follows, the privacy protection as started in their mandate.
Data help identify and support research and technical assistance activities.
Data help to frame an issue, providing evidence for subsequent actions or planning.
Data helps build high performance applications.
Data helps developers plan more wisely for future growth.
Data helps publishers in designing editorial or content and helps advertisers in targeting ads.
Data here is public domain.
Data here is scanty.
Data hold freezes the displayed reading for safe viewing away from hazardous measurement locations.
Data hold function.
Data hold key.
Data Hold key.
Data Holds the custom data bytes.
Data importing and exporting features facilitate the movement of information.
Data imprinting is available for either the front or the back of the photograph.
Data includes a graphic display of each railroad line.
Data includes a link to the newspaper, company name, address, and select officers.
Data includes a message buffer, a number of elements, and the type of the message buffer.
Data includes a three year archive and monthly updates.
Data includes absorption, luminescence excitation and response to pulsed excitation.
Data includes accomplishments, controversies, and downfalls of the personalities.
Data includes address, officers, description of activities and share capital.
Data includes address, phone, fax, hours of operation, holdings and link if applicable.
Data includes addresses, contact, company size, business segment.
Data includes all kinds of road users - drivers, passengers, motorcyclists, cyclists, pedestrians.
Data includes all pertinent information including cast details and more.
Data includes all well and hazardous waste sites in the county.
Data includes attendance statistics, sporting goods sales figures, and sport participation rates.
Data includes average rents and vacancies.
Data includes average temperatures and monthly precipitation amounts.
Data includes avg.
Data includes bill text, summary, amendments, and legislative status.
Data includes both special education and regular education students.
Data includes buildings, roads, hydrography, miscellaneous transportation routes and utilities.
Data includes cities, airports, rivers and other features.
Data includes company descriptions, profiles, contact names, titles, and phone numbers.
Data includes company name, telephone number, address and additional data.
Data includes computer accounts, user data, account and machine utilization figures, charges.
Data includes consumer confidence, retail sales, prices, housing, etc.
Data includes contact information, tracks available and duration in years.
Data includes country or region of birth and U.S. region, regional division and state of residence.
Data includes counts, length, weight, classification, and speed.
Data includes creation date, status, and directors.
Data includes current conditions only.
Data includes current fiscal year budget, population estimates, and school district profiles.
Data includes current streamflow, lakes and reservoirs, and precipitation.
Data includes dates created, message subjects, the number of recipients and status.
Data includes deaths by injury undetermined whether accidental or purposeful.
Data includes degree of curve, length of curve, percent grade.
Data includes directors' names, addresses, old company names, and last filing of annual reports.
Data includes employment, payroll, and number of establishments by industry.
Data includes fleet, aircraft carrier program, items of interest, and current projects.
Data includes flow information above and below the dam.
Data includes hospital use, population census, medicare trends, immunisation, cancer and disability.
Data includes housing values, demographics, census information, and so on.
Data includes individuals, corporations, partnerships, sole proprietorships, and excise taxes.
Data includes information on households, education, income, homeownership and more.
Data includes interchange type and ramp characteristics.
Data includes laws, regulations, and directories.
Data includes lineups of each station for program positioning and sales information.
Data includes logs, check shots, deviation surveys and geologic tops.
Data includes make and model, body style, body type, curb weight, and wheelbase.
Data includes modes of subsistence, agriculture, religion, and kinship systems.
Data includes name and address, charges and contract dates for residents and applicants.
Data includes name, birth and death dates, and cemetery number.
Data includes name, county, township or city, and page on the film.
Data includes name, date of death, rank, unit, sometimes cause of death.
Data includes name, date of sale, property description, and a tiff image of the original patent.
Data includes name, rank in, rank out, unit and side served with.
Data includes name, rank, regiment and brief histories of regiments.
Data includes number of establishments, employees, payrolls, and sales or shipments.
Data includes number of stores for each category.
Data includes only national brands.
Data includes open, high, low, and closing prices and trading volume.
Data includes optical properties.
Data includes orbits, magnitude predictions, and finding charts.
Data includes order, family, genus, species, and number.
Data includes physical address, meeting times as well as publications offered by the society.
Data includes place name, type of feature, longitude and latitude.
Data includes polls, surveys, and files of major social science researchers.
Data includes population estimates, housing starts, housing costs, a leading index and more.
Data includes population, age, race, Hispanic origin, and housing unit counts.
Data includes population, lattitude and longitude, zip codes and maps.
Data includes product and generic name, manufacturer, and photos identifying tablets and capsules.
Data includes proximate, forms of sulfur, major oxide, and trace element analyses.
Data includes revenues, expenditures, and debt.
Data includes revenues, head of local office and top clients.
Data includes salaries, bonuses, equity, benefits and more.
Data includes sales, orders, re-ceipts, and inventory.
Data includes sales, production, prices, specifications and equipment installations.
Data includes sample size, methodology, and conclusions as well as responses.
Data includes satellite imagery, agricultural statistics, and statistics.
Data includes silver ore and bullion.
Data includes single family residences and mobile homes in Prescott.
Data includes socio-economic, demographic, and some environmental data.
Data includes spectroscopic terms and Xcore.
Data includes state data plus survey data.
Data includes stock of debt, flow figures, and international reserves information. . . .
Data includes stock of debt, flow figures, and international reserves information.
Data includes structure locations, dimensions, and conditions.
Data includes surnames, given names, dates and places of birth, marriage and death when known.
Data includes surnames, given names, places of birth, marriage, and death, when known.
Data includes tariffs, trade flows and commodity prices.
Data includes temperature readings and other weather conditions from around the world.
Data includes text and statistics.
Data includes the company rank for current and prior year, country, industry, and sales.
Data includes the descs.
Data includes the residents' previous surgical experience.
Data includes total revenue by sources and total expenditure by function and category.
Data includes traffic control type, intersection type, signal phasing, and turn lanes.
Data includes tuition, enrollment, and degrees granted by the largest programs.
Data includes type of industry, receipts, and payrolls as well as additional information.
Data includes vapor pressure, viscosity, density, specific heat, etc.
Data includes various indicators and their influences on each other.
Data includes wash and rinse cycle time, cleanliness levels, and chemistry temperature.
Data includes water quality, rivers and streams flow and discharge rates, and groundwater levels.
Data includes write-ups on the facilities, sales, and number of employees.
Data indicate a long-term population decline.
Data indicate a neutral trend in antianxiety medication usage and a decrease in hypnotic drug use.
Data indicate a significant effect of sampling direction on mechanical properties of cheese.
Data indicate freeways to be safer than expressways or two-lane roadways.
Data indicate ice on lunar crater.
Data indicate no interference was detected beyond the instrument's own internal interference.
Data indicate performance is improving.
Data indicate reduced soil microbial activity with higher water tables.
Data Indicate specific objectives where revisions are needed.
Data indicate that a good comprehender converges on the relevant nodes and arcs.
Data indicate that executive functions play a central role in interaction involvement.
Data indicate that facial fractures are markers for increased risk of brain injury.
Data indicate that for the second year more children left foster care than entered foster care.
Data indicate that further exploration of yellow pea extracted proteinate is warranted.
Data indicate that many students use the curriculum to avoid foreign languages.
Data indicate that most candidates get higher scores if they finish the test.
Data indicate that murder is most often an intraracial offense.
Data indicate that murder is most often intraracial.
Data indicate that one major crime is committed each hour in Kosovo, and one murder per day.
Data indicate that only a very small percentage of school bus passenger injuries are serious.
Data indicate that public expenditure has increased.
Data indicate that small movements and their quality are linked to physiological states.
Data indicate that tackle football has seen a slight decline in youth participation in recent years.
Data indicate that the policy has had an impact.
Data indicate that the program has been effective in reducing binge-drinking.
Data indicate that the program is achieving positive outcomes.
Data indicate that there are differences in survival and persistence due to soil type and climate.
Data indicate that voters reward fiscal frugality and punish fiscal expansion.
Data indicate they earn substantially less, something the researchers attribute to two factors.
Data indicate when alcohol is involved, physical injuries from assault are more frequent and severe.
Data indicates how cultivars performed over various years.
Data indicates local competition is growing rapidly.
Data indicates movement away from goals.
Data indicates no change in Camera performance.
Data indicates that both processes have significantly reduced handling errors.
Data indicates that conditioning increases and stabilizes pad surface roughness.
Data indicates that drums and tanks are likely to be buried on-site.
Data indicates that female physicians practice fewer hours than their male counterparts.
Data indicates that many places around Belgrade have quality gravel.
Data indicates that our students excel in their chosen high schools.
Data indicates that sauropods actually held their heads horizontally most of the time.
Data indicates the site poses no health or safety threat to humans or the environment.
Data inputted by the gun crew determines where the rounds fall.
Data inputting is much easier to use than word processing software.
Data intake personnel, to perform initial screening and direct information within the company.
Data involves public opinion of current national issues.
Data involving other tricyclic antidepressants is limited.
Data is a classification of seasonal land cover types.
Data is a collection of facts, measurements or observations.
Data is a collection of facts.
Data is a collection of unorganized facts, which can include words, numbers, images, and sounds.
Data is a form of power.
Data is a service.
Data is accessible and the organization remains productive.
Data is accessible by industry and year.
Data is accessible by name, profession, time, geographical names, and source.
Data is accessible by selecting categories and sub-categories.
Data is accessible during the resync and users stay productive.
Data is accessible starting from five main levels - name, profession, time, geographic, and source.
Data is accessible via an interactive map.
Data is all in the pub directory .
Data is all single precision.
Data is always accessible and modifiable in any text editor.
Data is always current, and can be filtered or formatted according to the needs of each user.
Data is always data relative to a theory, or a small number of competing theories.
Data is always important to the historian.
Data is always tasteless, colorless, odorless, and pointless.
Data is always the most current.
Data is any information that is collected in order to learn something.
Data is any information that the student can observe, measure, and then record.
Data is available across many platforms, without duplication.
Data is available and accessible.
Data is available annually, quarterly and monthly.
Data is available annually, quarterly, and monthly.
Data is available annually.
Data is available as hard copy printed reports or as computer files.
Data is available as hard copy printed reports, or computer files.
Data is available at both the state and county level.
Data is available at survey results .
Data is available at the national state, county and city level.
Data is available at the national, state, and even county level for some variables.
Data is available at the national, state, county, and city level.
Data is available at the state level only.
Data is available both on CD-ROM and in print.
Data is available by city, county, legislative district and name, and by Chicago communities.
Data is available by county and includes measured data plus information on recoveries.
Data is available by county or zip code.
Data is available by ftp or can be ordered on floppy or cdrom.
Data is available by individual state or the entire country.
Data is available by state for rapid look-up.
Data is available by state, county, place, metropolitan area, and zip code.
Data is available by type and subject.
Data is available directly on-line.
Data is available directly.
Data is available for a fee.
Data is available for all fifty states.
Data is available for all regions of Canada.
Data is available for analysis immediately following completion of the session.
Data is available for both the United States and foreign countries.
Data is available for counties and communities with sheriff s offices.
Data is available for download in formats for spread sheets and word processors.
Data is available for download, or in diskette or CD-ROM format.
Data is available for download, without charge.
Data is available for downloading into a spreadsheet.
Data is available for each undergraduate major.
Data is available for England, Wales and Scotland.
Data is available for every county in the nation.
Data is available for every day of the year.
Data is available for external review for some programs.
Data is available for immediate analysis.
Data is available for males, females, and both.
Data is available for Massachusetts.
Data is available for Montana and all counties.
Data is available for most counties in Michigan.
Data is available for most of the United States.
Data is available for national, state, county, town, and census tract levels.
Data is available for other countries and regions.
Data is available for other internal casino software applications.
Data is available for prior years as well as the current term.
Data is available for Providence and Newport.
Data is available for purchase at a fairly reasonable cost.
Data is available for purchase via email or telephone.
Data is available for purchase.
Data is available for research purposes.
Data is available for secondary data analysis.
Data is available for state level only and arranged chronologically for each grade level.
Data is available for states, counties and congressional districts.
Data is available for statewide North Carolina.
Data is available for the current year and the past two fiscal years.
Data is available for the entire planned area.
Data is available for the nation and California as a whole only.
Data is available for the previous month and the current month to date.
Data is available for today, as well as for the previous seven days and the last four weeks.
Data is available for waterbodies that are highlighted below.
Data is available for wholesale and retail trade.
Data is available from Albany.
Data is available from commercial sources.
Data is available from the authors.
Data is available immediately, with no separate conversion process required.
Data is available on a monthly and an annual basis.
Data is available on a variety of health, wage, asset, and income data.
Data is available on from their Web site.
Data is available on request.
Data is available on research programs as well as educational activities.
Data is available on specific regional and local demographic, industrial and employment trends.
Data is available on the administrative side. .
Data is available on the Internet, and can be downloaded at no cost.
Data is available on the page reached by each student when their study time expired.
Data is available on the stocks of human and physical capital across the countries.
Data is available on the system until one or two days before the end of the current pay cycle.
Data is available only from the most recent years.
Data is available only in aggregated form.
Data is available only in chart format.
Data is available remotely using a Web browser.
Data is available separately for Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Data is available through investigator Web sites.
Data is available under licence in a variety of formats and is free to academic users.
Data is available within a very short time frame.
Data is available.
Data is average of five, five round groups fired from benchrest at range specified.
Data is bits and bytes.
Data is broadcast via the transponders on the goes weather satellites, and over the Internet.
Data is by sex, age and race in Adobe Acrobat format.
Data is categorical if it consists of two or more nonnumrical, exclusive catagories or groups.
Data is clearly different from voice and deserves a different tariff.
Data is complete on date the Disks are shipped.
Data is complete.
Data is completely customizable.
Data is content and implies context.
Data is context sensitive.
Data is contributed from laboratories world-wide.
Data is convertible.
Data is copywritten and licensed for use.
Data is correct and precise.
Data is correct.
Data is cross checked with contracted parties.
Data is cross-indexed by song title and artist.
Data is cross-referenced, so repetitive entry is eliminated.
Data is currently available.
Data is cut and bleeds.
Data is cut away from the original file in order to produce a file similar yet a lot smaller.
Data is difficult to get.
Data is direct, where process is indirect.
Data is downlinked, formatted, archived and made available to the public.
Data is downloadable for authorized users.
Data is dynamic, mostly sampled periodically, and is encoded in a variety of formats.
Data is easier to read when cellpadding is used.
Data is easier to understand now that there are common standard operating procedures.
Data is exportable to other programs such as word processing, databases and spreadsheets.
Data is factored into the computed cost of the board plan.
Data is found on documents using contextual as well as keyword-specific information.
Data is found via their search engine.
Data is free and available on line.
Data is freely downloadable at no cost.
Data is go mobile's premier data and fax service.
Data is hard to come by and the skill of deduction has to be honed to the highest.
Data is hard to come by.
Data is high volume, mildly complex to make, and inexpensive.
Data is immediately accessible to the client and can be retrieved via modem.
Data is immediately available through our extensive databases.
Data is immediately available to others for general search and display.
Data is inconsistent on the buildup of reserves through initial flower opening and fruit set.
Data is inconsistent or dirty.
Data is inconsistent with previous years' behavior.
Data is information organized for analysis or used as the basis for making a decision.
Data is information which the computer references as it runs it's program.
Data is information.
Data is input by utility staff, and results and recommendations are mailed back to the consumer.
Data is input once and then retrieved and used throughout the facility life cycle.
Data is insecure, as hackers continue to thwart the most sophisticated corporate networks.
Data is intact.
Data is invaluable.
Data is irrelevant or omitted.
Data is kept both locally and in the external sources.
Data is kept for set-ups that have been previously requested by observers.
Data is kept for twenty-four months.
Data is kept only for fund codes in use.
Data is kept only for object codes in use.
Data is kept only for programs in use.
Data is kept only in a secure site.
Data is kept secure.
Data is keyed for search by authors, core, year of publication, and to key words in the title.
Data is keyed in only once.
Data is keyed onto the form by the originator.
Data is King.
Data is largely about the past.
Data is largely consistent, with slight variations in data types for some countries.
Data is like water.
Data is lineset of streams within Walnut Creek watershed.
Data is locally or remotely associated.
Data is malleable.
Data is meager concerning fruit production and dispersal.
Data is merely raw unprocessed, or partly processed, facts about particular things or situations.
Data is more accurate and the data connection, more efficient.
Data is more relevant due to a greater understanding.
Data is more secure if sent encrypted.
Data is more signage than sensibility.
Data is more sparse on the west coast, Alaska, and Hawaii.
Data is more valuable than ever before.
Data is moved back and forth between the system memory and disk.
Data is moved digitally, but in practice the pulses are really like an analog signal.
Data is moved in packets, with each packet having a source device and an end device.
Data is moved safely and simply from a failed server to an alternate location, by design.
Data is moved serially through fiber cable.
Data is moved through the net using a system known as packet switching.
Data is moved with a simple point and click operation, quickly and safely in a secure environment.
Data is much more valuable than the replaceable applications which generate it.
Data is no longer available from usual source.
Data is non-recoverable.
Data is nothing more than information.
Data is nothing more than numbers until it is analyzed in some way.
Data is nothing more than raw facts and figures.
Data is now accessible from all desks within the business.
Data is now accessible throughout the enterprise for timely development and deployment of new drugs.
Data is now available from any server, providing improved reliability and redundancy.
Data is now available from more than half of the centers.
Data is now available to non-catalog companies for overlay onto customer and prospect files.
Data is now available.
Data is now easily accessible and usable by a wide variety of application architectures and APIs.
Data is now in production, including current and historical data.
Data is now readily accessible and instantly anaylzable.
Data is now so plentiful that consumers face the curious hazard of information glut.
Data is often available at the brand level.
Data is often difficult to quantify for statistical analysis.
Data is older.
Data is online waiting to be analyzed.
Data is output delimited with commas, and surrounded by quotation marks.
Data is output delimited with tabs and surrounded by quotation marks.
Data is output in matrix form only or as indices in relation to key elements.
Data is output to a laptop computer or to a builtin tape recorder.
Data is polygon set of Iowa county boundaries and acreages.
Data is preliminary and is subject to revision base upon continuing field evaluations .
Data is proper for studying factors associated with the diseases.
Data is public source data.
Data is put in by the modeler and is mainly experimental data.
Data is put in one end and comes out the other.
Data is qualitative rather than quantitative.
Data is quite variable.
Data is read and written in sectors or blocks, depending on which is used.
Data is read and written on both drives at the same time.
Data is read and written to each computer in a compute node at the same time.
Data is read directly from spreadsheets.
Data is read from all drives at once.
Data is read from file or the standard input.
Data is read from the control file by categories, one category at a time.
Data is read from the first non-whitespace character up to any whitespace character.
Data is read from the logger by a personal computer interface using infrared light.
Data is read in the same manner as character files and devices.
Data is read into the computer in groups of three numbers.
Data is read or written to the card through permissions set only by the issuer.
Data is read or written to the card through permissions set only by the issuers.
Data is read, stored, and played back in increments.
Data is recoverable.
Data is regularly updated on-line from government sources.
Data is reverse sorted by volume.
Data is searchable by author, topic or words used.
Data is searchable by owner name, property address, or account number.
Data is searchable by Public or Private schools.
Data is searchable by year, month and week.
Data is searchable online.
Data is secure and fully protected from unauthorized access.
Data is secure, protecting customer information.
Data is sent back to the applet for viewing or retrieval.
Data is sent back to the school over the network the next day in time for analysis.
Data is sent by the master as bytes.
Data is sent daily through fax or e-mail.
Data is sent down the connection to the alloca- tion limit, then stops.
Data is sent on requested media along with documentation about the product.
Data is sent out of band.
Data is sent out.
Data is sent over phone lines or data cables as electrical signals .
Data is sent over the network using virtual circuits between two end points.
Data is sent straight to text screen.
Data is sent through the link eight, bits at a time.
Data is sent through the link one bit at a time.
Data is sent with a minimum amount of overhead, and full tracks are transferred in one operation.
Data is sent with greater accuracy resulting in no garbled messages.
Data is sent without errors or duplication and is received in the same order as it is sent.
Data is simultaneously visible to all machines on the network and is nondirectional on the cable.
Data is sketchy.
Data is somewhat iffy as to effectiveness.
Data is sortable by recording date, release date, album title, or band name.
Data is split between fragments.
Data is split up into static sequences of bits .
Data is split up into static sequences of bits.
Data is spread across multiple hardware and operating system platforms.
Data is spread out across all of the platforms.
Data is still under analysis.
Data is stored two channels per word, with a header word per event.
Data is subject to change depending on new source information.
Data is subject to change without notice.
Data is subject to change.
Data is subject to review and verification.
Data is support for a claim, a reason to believe the claim.
Data is tekspeak for content.
Data is their most valuable asset.
Data is transcibed as recorded on the census.
Data is unavailable for any other temperature range.
Data is unavailable for California, Indiana, New York and South Dakota.
Data is unavailable on the number of substandard dwelling units.
Data is unrecoverable.
Data is uploaded biweekly to present the most current information available.
Data is usually available after the last business day of the month.
Data is usually available in a variety of formats and projections.
Data is usually available the next business day, as it is currently being transferred manually.
Data is valid.
Data is Variable.
Data is variables are separated by spaces.
Data is very valuable.
Data is viewable by marketers only in aggregate form as a query result.
Data is wage rate and inflation adjusted.
Data is well organized and quick.
Data is widely available from a variety of different sources and in a variety of different formats.
Data is worthless whereas information is priceless.
Data jackpoints in rooms.
Data leading up to an outage and post-outage is useful in determining the root cause of the problem.
Data leads to knowledge.
Data link control involves counter-rotating token rings, one of which is a backup at any given time.
Data link efficiency is effected by the losses introduced by splices and connectors.
Data link for Connecticut refuges.
Data link for Delaware refuges.
Data link for Maine refuges.
Data link for Maryland refuges.
Data link for Massachusetts refuges.
Data link for New Hampshire refuges.
Data link for New Jersey refuges.
Data link for New York refuges.
Data link for Pennsylvania refuges.
Data link for Vermont refuges.
Data link for Virginia refuges.
Data link is a system in which written information is transmitted to pilots in the cockpit.
Data link layer in LANs consists of two sublayers.
Data link protocols usually have variable size receive windows.
Data link sub-layers.
Data link synchronization functions.
Data link, multiple access channel protocols.
Data listed includes vessel name, type, year wrecked, length, and weight.
Data log lap times.
Data log temperature recorder.
Data logging filters allow the user to specify the type of data to be recorded.
Data logging occasionally fails to fetch the lap just completed, after driving into the pits.
Data logically flows from one module to another reducing double entry and processing errors.
Data logs error messages.
Data logs warnings, as well as error messages.
Data looks much better formatted now.
Data managed by the system is version-controlled and available in Web formats.
Data maps each line in the corresponding flat file onto a single row in the table.
Data means information, like a person's name, address, and phone number.
Data means information.
Data means the facts.
Data measure exports of government and non-government merchandise.
Data measure quantity and value for domestic and foreign exports.
Data measuring general use of controlled substances among youth is inconclusive.
Data migrates through many systems as it is bought and sold, and as companies merge.
Data migrates to and from disk and tape according to demand and age of data.
Data modeling defines the relationships between data elements and structures.
Data modeling in the encoder takes place in three phases.
Data modeling now supports models and subject areas, as well as separate physical modeling.
Data modeling on such a scope, however, brings with it a complex set of problems and challenges.
Data modeling through unit testing techniques and ability t o understand complex database schema.
Data monitor summary page.
Data moves efficiently across exchange links reducing packet latency saving money and time.
Data needs .
Data needs a new role model.
Data needs clear labels to guide the visitor to the desired location.
Data needs for monitoring changes in maternal and child health status in rural communities.
Data needs for such a model and data availability.
Data Needs Medical management program outcome data can assist other areas in their performance.
Data needs only to be typed once.
Data needs processed first.
Data needs The latest draft is on the Web.
Data needs to assess environmental quality issues related to agriculture and rural areas.
Data needs to be collected on a disaggregate basis.
Data needs to be collected on the incidence rate and any regional differences.
Data needs to be copied in bulk transfer modes, in parallel threads, using buffered file access.
Data needs to be correlated.
Data needs to be entered only once, eliminating potential sources of error.
Data needs to be entered only once, eliminating sources of error.
Data needs to be reported for each certified unit which responds.
Data needs to be reproducible as in the other sciences.
Data needs to be shared.
Data needs to be treated the same way.
Data needs to be ubiquitous.
Data needs to come from one source of data.
Data needs to provide legislators and the public with important information.
Data needs to serve campus decision makers via appropriate research protocols.
Data needs users.
Data never goes all the way through the account database in an uninterrupted stream.
Data never has to be entered into the system more than once.
Data normally becomes publicly available for use without restriction two years after origination.
Data normally remains on disk only for a short time.
Data now editable from within display window.
Data now exist that support a role for the endometrium in limiting placental invasion.
Data now has to stick a small phallic symbol into wall sockets to open doors.
Data now have is sketchy and want to find out truth.
Data now outweighs voice both in traffic volume and growth rates.
Data now present in the clinical record are of highly variable quality.
Data now streams rather than appearing in chunks.
Data now supports the role of nonoperative management of splenic injuries.
Data objects in messages are types.
Data occurs as element content or as attributes .
Data only appears in destination port.
Data only becomes information when it is organized and actionable.
Data only flows in one direction.
Data only flows to and from the remote locations.
Data only has implicit existence as amorphous quantities hidden inside data objects.
Data only needs to be entered once into the system, and both ledgers are fully reconcilable.
Data only needs to be entered once, saving time and ensuring accuracy and consistency.
Data only needs to be entered once.
Data operate upon human beings at a pre-awareness level.
Data organized in a computer s database improves access time.
Data originating from the corporate network travels the opposite route.
Data out has a round shiny mark near it.
Data overview points to the overview file in the overview directory.
Data overwhelmingly show that people thrive in community settings when supports are adequate.
Data parallel algorithms and architectures.
Data pass through buffers on their way to and from disks.
Data passes input data to the language environment.
Data passes through draft, entry, verification, and approval states.
Data passing in http secured socket layer uses encryption to secure the data.
Data passing through the gateway is metered and a charge is made to the user's account.
Data performs variable substitution on the executable statements.
Data permit the following observations.
Data piloting the crash-landing is worth the price of admission.
Data piping eliminates cost and steps required for intermediate flat file storage on both servers.
Data points on the graph represent the number of sites on the first day of the month.
Data points to the reactor spent fuel pool as the source of the tritium plume.
Data primarily focuses on demographics and economics.
Data print out of the library maintenance screens.
Data produced are regional and global totals.
Data prove it, and everyone is talking about it.
Data provide benchmarks of the measures of scientific and technical performance.
Data provide neither enlightenment nor knowledge.
Data provide new insights into the development of tinnitus.
Data provide the proportion of black versus white disabled who are employed full-time.
Data provided also include indicators of housing and neighborhood quality.
Data provided are for information purposes only.
Data provided are name, date of birth, date of death, cemetery, and any pertinent comments.
Data provided are name, place of birth, place of death, district, and age.
Data provided by pilot studies is necessary to properly design the full-scale SVE system.
Data provided by WHO's member states confirm the dramatic picture.
Data provided in the proposal indicate that the population is declining now.
Data provided include address, phone, fax, registration date, capital, and products.
Data provided include detailed descriptions, histories and some financial data.
Data provided include name, address, phone, fax, and all other sectors the company is involved in.
Data provides connectivity to a variety of relational data sources as well as flat files.
Data provides dynamic connectivity with existing systems.
Data provides high performance web applications with robust application development function.
Data provides many code samples to help the macro writer get started.
Data provides real-life examples of the physics students are learning.
Data published here include only expenditure and revenue items.
Data pump still needs memory.
Data quantifying the relationship between female mate choice and reproductive success are scarce.
Data range from exchange rates to inflation and interest rates to trade flows.
Data range from sequence data from the chloroplast DNA, to anatomy, embryology and morphology.
Data range to read in the first dimension.
Data range to read in the second dimension.
Data ranges from national to local information.
Data ranges from state level down to block group level.
Data re current parking spaces at the high school with alternatives.
Data re institutional pedophile corruption are available in public domain.
Data re the number of people that have problems with different product features.
Data read all material available on the subject of dating and marriage.
Data read by the user comes from messages sent upstream by an underlying device driver.
Data Read in the actual data portion.
Data read indicates logical level of the port at the time.
Data read lines.
Data reads of quality and diagnostic data are transmitted separate from the actual values.
Data recast into thoughts, concepts, and ideas are the real fruit of information exchange.
Data recorded by the fixed antenna receiver is downloaded to a computer weekly.
Data records How many records are in the table.
Data refer to calendar years.
Data refer to cases.
Data refer to employment in civil sector.
Data refer to employment.
Data refer to energy equivalent of per capita net food supplies available in the country per day.
Data refer to formal sector employment only.
Data refer to former Yugoslavia.
Data refer to Gaza Strip only.
Data refer to health-related difficulties only.
Data refer to labour force.
Data refer to main and second jobs.
Data refer to marine fisheries production for selected species in the Northwest Atlantic.
Data refer to members of a labor union or an employee association similar to a union.
Data refer to number of licences issued.
Data refer to Peninsular Malaysia.
Data Refer to pictures.
Data refer to place of residence.
Data refer to resident population.
Data refer to State sector only.
Data refer to the most recent year avail-able during the period specified in the column heading.
Data refer to the most recent year available during the period specified in the column heading.
Data refer to the number of persons in the total population per square kilometre of the total area.
Data refer to the population resident in Malaysia at midyear.
Data refer to the private consumption deflator.
Data refer to the situation as of end of month.
Data refer to the sole or principal job of full-time workers.
Data refer to the usual earnings received from the worker's sole or primary job.
Data refer to total area, excluding area under inland water bodies.
Data refer to total debt stocks.
Data refer to total population.
Data refer to vacant and occupied rental apartments in buildings with two or more units.
Data refer to wholesale prices.
Data referring to other imports are more difficult to retrieve.
Data referring to place of residence are available as well.
Data reflect activity during the previous fiscal year.
Data reflect adjustments due to corporate actions and other material events.
Data reflect all public and private schools.
Data reflect audit adjustments.
Data reflect both within and between subject variability.
Data reflect duplicated data.
Data reflect faculty productivity and student quality, performance, placement, and satisfaction.
Data reflect information on each reported case of abuse.
Data reflect reports by schools rather than by states or school districts.
Data reflect the mother s place of residence rather than the place where the birth occurred.
Data reflect the number of workers involved, percent of work time lost, and days idle.
Data reflects accurate interpretation of the satellite land cover imagery and road data.
Data reflects curriculum enrollment as of the last time a student's record was updated.
Data reflects survey question.
Data reflects the average response .
Data reflects the electric vehicle market.
Data regarding age and rate of growth is critical in making forest management decisions.
Data regarding all patients receiving radiation therapy is archived in a computer database.
Data regarding carotenoids other than beta-carotene in relation to prostate cancer risk are sparse.
Data regarding current appraised values did exist.
Data regarding each class is summarized, as well.
Data regarding new drugs and their combinations continue to emerge and change standards of practice.
Data regarding new drugs and their combinations continue to emerge changing standards of practice.
Data regarding refractive surgery in children are limited and many questions are left unanswered.
Data regarding the acute toxicity of calcium cyanamide are sparse.
Data regarding the effects of oral exposure of humans to sodium azide are available, but limited.
Data regarding the general locations of our users is maintained and used in the aggregate.
Data regarding the potential carcinogenicity of paving asphalt fumes in humans are limited.
Data regarding unexploited fish populations can provide useful insight for fishery managers.
Data relate to crop year.
Data relate to periods when lake is full.
Data relate to support prices.
Data relate to the health region where the service was provided.
Data relate to time of highest water-levels.
Data relate to wholesale prices.
Data related services are also available.
Data related to the research efforts is preserved through the national archives.
Data relates to business establishments which submitted memoranda.
Data relates to England and Wales, and Scotland where available.
Data relates to single calendar years.
Data relates to single financial years.
Data relating extraction recovery to the volume of carbon dioxide used for extraction is shown.
Data relating to cigarette smoking identify current smokers, former smokers, and nonsmokers.
Data relating to modernization are more precise.
Data relating to the new year continues to be processed.
Data relating to the performance evaluation of a public employee are private data.
Data relating to visits to the reading room is, however, coupled to names.
Data remains available until next run.
Data remains in digital form throughout the transmission process.
Data remains in form of individual notes until generation of findings.
Data remains in system for later reuse or verification.
Data remains in the database so that changes made during submittal production update all modules.
Data remains intact after a single disk or interface card failure.
Data remains on the network server, but is available locally for offline use.
Data remains on the output pins only as long as data is being received.
Data remotely activates the tricorder, and time begins to flow backwards.
Data removes the hourglass from the console, and returns it to the floor.
Data replies, That s blown out, sir.
Data reports from all relevant field trials are enclosed.
Data reports from thousands of commercial aviation flights are collected monthly.
Data represent a woman's age at the time a pregnancy ended.
Data represent averages.
Data represent infections from weeks to years old.
Data represent mean and interval frequencies from three mice analysed individually.
Data represent mean of three independent experiments.
Data represent new non-residential construction within the City of Austin s permitting jurisdiction.
Data represent one-way flows.
Data represent percent of total lysis control.
Data represent percent of zero-hour control.
Data represent subordinate information needed to obtain required information.
Data represent the average of the three experiments.
Data represent the difference between the two algorithms.
Data represent the proportion of edible wild species used for specific parts.
Data represent the volume-weighted average of weekly collections.
Data represent union members by place of residence.
Data represents requirements for each unit.
Data represents weighted values.
Data request to allocate memory.
Data resides in a separate database and is linked to the active module.
Data resides in a single knowledge base serving all current and future connectivity technologies.
Data resides on a CD and is accessed on a personal computer or local area network.
Data resides on the top side of the plastic disc.
Data resides where it was computed - normally a large compute server.
Data residing in the revisor system is utilized by the house in preparing the house journal.
Data residing on the PC is the responsibility of the partner.
Data resist reorganization to accommodate inevitable changes down the line.
Data resolves the reference to an empty string.
Data result from three field components, two of which have been completed.
Data return the data stored at the current location of the iterator.
Data return via the ftp-server is our only method.
Data returns an empty string.
Data reveal an impressive reduction in the rate of transmission of virus from mother to child.
Data reveal that as an individual ages there is a compensatory loss of bone mass.
Data roughly reflects survey question.
Data rows that have effective dates greater than the current system date.
Data rows that have effective dates less than the current data row.
Data runs as a thread in the Web server's address space.
Data runs our business.
Data runs the executable program when it encounters a executable variable reference in a Net.
Data runs the program.
Data runs the specified action when it reads the variable reference.
Data sampling from the data base is performed in accordance with input criteria.
Data Save the bog-standard free waypoint editor from Magellan.
Data Scaling KEPServerEX now supports direct scaling of device data.
Data scrambling enables data to be encrypted.
Data scrubbing through the use of multiple overwrites is on potential solution.
Data securing applies to the whole open systems segment.
Data See spreadsheet on next page.
Data seem to indicate that students use the labs basically for word processing.
Data seems to be missing from the printouts.
Data send along with the type of service needed.
Data sends the new page to the browser and caches the page.
Data separated by a comma indicates a gap in holdings.
Data serve both to construct and deconstruct scientific hypotheses.
Data serving is instantaneous, direct from cache-disk.
Data sets on order.
Data sets Two small examples in Espresso format.
Data show a coastwide drop in juvenile and adult populations.
Data show a narrowing of spreads between the two industries in most areas of financial performance.
Data show a single section through the nucleus.
Data show achievement gains among mentored students.
Data show improvements in prenatal care and infant mortality rates.
Data show more students quitting college before sophomore year.
Data show number of establishments, employment size, and payroll.
Data show one representative result.
Data show separately for profitable and non-profitable corporations.
Data show that active participation is highest in developing countries.
Data show that anti-obesity drugs help some people to lose weight and maintain weight loss.
Data show that beef demand is up.
Data show that cocaine is frequently used with other drugs.
Data show that cover cropping is widely used as a primary technique of soil fertility management.
Data show that female activity rates have risen substantially.
Data show that freeways have far lower injury and fatality rates than arterial highways.
Data show that half of all American schoolchildren now have no tooth decay.
Data show that human health is related to environmental health.
Data show that hunger and poor economic performance form a vicious circle.
Data show that in schools with fully implemented programs, students are reading at higher levels.
Data show that in the conventional system, water penetration decreased as the season progressed.
Data show that in Tibet far fewer sandstones now occur than in the past.
Data show that minority students fare better in law schools that have minority faculty.
Data show that optimal spacing between children is at least three to four years.
Data show that patients spend a significant part of their day in the postprandial state.
Data show that physically small patients had the highest URRs and also have the highest death rate.
Data show that race is a risk factor.
Data show that salary disparities continue to exist between faculty at different types of schools.
Data show that some stations have overlap.
Data show that students who are connected and involved drink less.
Data show that the macular pigment increases through diet.
Data show that the PMIs for all three survey areas have been trending upward recently.
Data show that the preparations and planning for retirement among working women continue to improve.
Data show that the public already overestimates the magnitude of health care fraud.
Data show that women recruits suffer higher injury rates than men in basic training in all services.
Data show that younger, smaller fish have less contaminants than older, larger fish.
Data show the outstanding benefits of good practical work.
Data show the strong relationship of performance assessments to candidate success.
Data shown are number of buildings, permit valuation and, for residential, number of housing units.
Data shown are seniors only.
Data shown are the result of laboratory tests and are intended to serve only as a guide.
Data shown below are the summary statistics for the estimation set.
Data shown here are proprietary .
Data shown here are the estimated values.
Data shown here is subject to change.
Data shown in red are part override values.
Data shown in the table represents spring seeded small grain species grown in Minnesota.
Data shown in the tables are for the current member nations.
Data shown is as reported by candidates and officeholders on their disclosure statements.
Data shown is data from the past day.
Data shown is monthly for the current year and previous two years and annual for the last six years.
Data shows a clear trend toward U.S. recession.
Data shows localized thinning in plasma density, known as cavities.
Data shows only slight progress in employment.
Data shows response of barrels in wet, silty clay.
Data shows several anomalous events occurred during the separation sequence.
Data shows students improving significantly in both math and reading.
Data shows that a rebuilt tire gives service comparable to a new tire.
Data shows that exhibitions are among the most cost-effective of the arsenal.
Data shows that faculty use of the program has been low.
Data shows that impostor syndrome is especially prevalent among women.
Data shows that north county has added more residents than has the south.
Data shows that our caseload and demand for services continues to grow.
Data shows that reallocation is possible within a week.
Data shows that regular dialogue on performance issues is a major contributor to employee retention.
Data shows that Scandinavia leads the world in the ownership and use of mobile telephony.
Data shows that the difference in performance between filled and hollow vinyl frames is small.
Data shows the vast majority of repair facility have less than five technicians.
Data simply appears when needed.
Data simply flows from output data interfaces to input data interfaces in a transparent fashion.
Data sources The data for Zeolite A in the studies are from different sources.
Data spills dark and wet out into the open static.
Data stands alone independently of theory.
Data start after vertical bars.
Data starts at the center of the disc.
Data stemming from seismic surveys are also subject to noise.
Data still pending after the linger period has elapsed is discarded.
Data still shows up.
Data stops all further processing when it determines that the page is cached.
Data stops processing the macro, exits from the macro, and sends the cached page to the Web browser.
Data stops, and the situation stabilizes.
Data stored in ces attributes are case sensitive in searches.
Data stored in cookies is encrypted to prevent tampering.
Data stored in each memory location consists of a fixed number of bits.
Data stored in old style formats requires enormous amounts of time, money and resource to manage.
Data stored in their archives is rich in content and vast in quantity.
Data stored in XML format is well suited for that kind of extraction.
Data stored on CDs is encoded in digital form.
Data stored on department servers is considered secure and protected against corruption and theft.
Data stored on non-volatile storage remains on the storage device even when a program terminates.
Data stored on tapes is removed every three months.
Data stored on the library fileservers is backed up regularly.
Data stored on the server is protected through nightly backups.
Data stratified by race, ethnicity, occupation, and income are essential.
Data streaming supports voice recording for command recognition and memos.
Data striping is totally transparent to the user.
Data structures their usefulness in algorithm construction and their efficient implementation.
Data subject The individual on whom personal data is held.
Data subjects the individuals to whom the personal data relate.
Data submitted by panel members are confidential.
Data substitutes for feeling, awareness, and wisdom.
Data successfully crossplots with sawtooth climbs.
Data suggest a linear relationship between time since first exposure and magnitude of exposure.
Data suggest a link between existence of disks and the slow rotation.
Data suggest it has at least some activity on an even wider variety of plants.
Data suggest room for further improvement.
Data suggest that at no time in our nation's history have our children been so out of shape.
Data suggest that chlordane residues are closely associated with residential land use.
Data suggest that coping is related to both experimental and clinical pain.
Data suggest that difficulties in fetal monitoring are magnified at night.
Data suggest that HOCl induces endothelial dysfunction via modification of L-arginine.
Data suggest that lean beef is no more hypercholesterolemic than chicken or fish.
Data suggest that low calcium intake puts girls at risk for fractures, even in early life stages.
Data suggest that macrophages are a major reservoir harboring the virus.
Data suggest that most horses recover from the infection.
Data suggest that the decline is due to predation on juveniles.
Data suggest that the Saturnian aurora is responsible for a high-latitude haze layer.
Data suggest that there are differences between men and women in susceptibility to cigarette smoke.
Data suggest that tobacco use often begins before entrance to eighth grade.
Data suggest the possible presence of another species in the low carbonate and high pH region.
Data suggest the school also had an extremely high dropout rate.
Data suggest there's a lot of plasticity that appears to be present up until the time of puberty.
Data suggest, however, that more members are giving less tithe per member.
Data suggests encouragement by club is prime determinant in participation level.
Data suggests it works.
Data support it.
Data supporting efficacy of such treatment is largely anecdotal.
Data supporting the agent's ability to prevent cancer at the target site is crucial.
Data supporting the use of other antioxidants are much weaker.
Data supports all of what happened in their bottle habitat.
Data supports comparisons, and provides a way to gauge progress.
Data symbolizes the way the Japanese people have to be willing to change in order to succeed.
Data take the form of cycles of X-ray intensity.
Data taken below the terminal depth of the dummy push are valid.
Data taken by several spacecraft suggests that the comet is mostly made of ice.
Data taken can include population size and composition, including demographic parameters.
Data taken from previous reports and investigations is used to delineate site boundaries.
Data takes a granular approach to information security.
Data takes when a function call is returned.
Data taking for one setup also can be quick.
Data taking just continues from one day to the next.
Data talk for bollywood.
Data tampering A device is placed to intercept the data in transit.
Data tells only part of the story - so read on.
Data then decides to try to access the machine.
Data then flows freely.
Data then publishes the information to the Internet site.
Data therefore supports selectionist view.
Data therefore takes a plural verb.
Data therein can be of unknown origin, estimated or otherwise unreliable.
Data throughput only half of that advertised in the specifications.
Data thus remains intact, but privacy is compromised.
Data tiling in the on-shore areas is done by county.
Data transfer from double-speed CD players is one major factor.
Data transfer ongoing.
Data transferred by the web is encoded by common cryptofraphy methods.
Data transmit mode.
Data transmitted by other users looks like white noise and drops out during the reception phase.
Data transparently coexists on the same cabling as the audio signal.
Data traveling from the storage device to the host undergoes the opposite process.
Data travels around the ring in one direction.
Data travels as electrical pulses on a motherboard over wires embedded in the board.
Data travels in compression packet .
Data travels in one direction around the loop.
Data travels in random paths around the global Internet.
Data travels sequentially from station to station.
Data travels through a single path to the receiving transceiver.
Data travels through serial ports one bit at a time, so they are pretty slow.
Data travels through the air to base stations that transmit and receive signals.
Data turns to answer.
Data typically is transmitted over wires.
Data ultimately belongs to a core, so the core has to be defined.
Data underdetermines the grammar.
Data undersells the move, however.
Data update daemon on central repository or on telescope computers.
Data updating involves altering, adding, or deleting data stored in local or remote files.
Data updating to the display unit occurs once an hour.
Data Use extinguishing media appropriate for surrounding fire.
Data use information.
Data used are for the most recent year for which comparable numbers are available from most states.
Data used by a stream that has no predicted demand is discarded immediately.
Data used by more than one office is entered from a set of screens that are shared by offices.
Data used in figures appears elsewhere.
Data used in the maps, tables and graphs for each volume is available for download.
Data used within each year are consistent.
Data uses the first copy that it finds.
Data uses the new-line character as the delimiter and ignores any requested delimiter.
Data uses the parameter for input, output, or both input and output.
Data varies from country to country and concept to concept.
Data varies per semester of completion.
Data vary by type of manufacturing activity.
Data vary from country to country as to the overall population coverage.
Data vary with the crystallisation set-up.
Data waiting to be printed is stored in the buffer before it is sent.
Data walks over to the helm, and presses several buttons.
Data wareh ouses and data marts tend to grow at an amazing rate.
Data warehouses A. combine information from different databases.
Data warehousing also allows for integration of data from multiple operational sources.
Data Warehousing Another application that has just begun to be developed is data warehousing.
Data warehousing The concept of data warehousing is never static.
Data withdraw the Enterprise.
Data writes the file with the new delimiter.
Data writes to the log file.
Data written by the user is packaged into messages, which are sent downstream.
Data written here is stored in the register pointed to by the above index register.
Data written on the output stream shows up on the input stream at the other end of the pipe.
Data written to the data block is automatically updated and made accessible to a connected master.
Data written with the log method for servlets appears in the Enterprise Server's error log.
Datums also influence how parts are fixtured for production and inspection.
Datums are information.
Data always flows in one direction, from publisher to edition to subscriber.
Data always runs later than desired.
Data often appears here before it becomes available in print.
Data often drive historical theories.
Data often have discrete responses, for example, proportions or counts.
Data often travels through all the different media to get from place to place.
Data sometimes appears to be stored haphazardly.
Data usually falls someplace in-between the range from the very highly specific to the very vague.
Data usually takes a plural verb, but if used as a collective noun, it takes a singular verb.
All data appears on a shaft-type monument.
All data are accessible via the Web and ftp.
All data are accurate and complete.
All data are annual averages of monthly data.
All data are annual.
All data are at standard pressure and low electric field strength.
All data are available again.
All data are available by request.
All data are available for individual institutions, by state, and at the national level.
All data are available in global or continental U.S. projections.
All data are available in global, continental U.S., or selected regions.
All data are available in numerical form.
All data are available on a server connected to the Internet.
All data are available on computer disk from the above.
All data are available on tape or disk to enable unlimited local analysis.
All data are available through simple oral commands, or by touching a screen menu.
All data are available to the public.
All data are batch processed, with a combination of specific tools and algorithms.
All data are confidential and available only to researchers.
All data are confidential and no individuals are identified by name in the research database.
All data are confidential and used only for summary tables.
All data are contingent and temporal.
All data are cumulative.
All data are currently available in the database.
All data are digital, merged with navigation and archived on optical disc.
All data are easy to read and well presented and the number of abbreviations are limited.
All data are enrollment-weighted averages, intended to reflect the average costs that students face.
All data are ficticious and for demonstration purpose only.
All data are for fall census only.
All data are for fiscal years.
All data are for public schools.
All data are for residents except marriage and divorce statistics which are occurrence data.
All data are for solution-annealed plate or bar except where indicated.
All data are for summer steelhead.
All data are for the preceding calendar year.
All data are for the second quarter.
All data are for the United States unless indicated otherwise.
All data are for total processing time.
All data are for winter steelhead.
All data are freely available on the Internet.
All data are freely available to all partners and the public.
All data are freely available to the public.
All data are freely available.
All data are from Chinese government authorities.
All data are from manufacturer's published literature.
All data are from off-site information sources.
All data are from published sources.
All data are identifiable only by a code, with no names of individuals or schools.
All data are in analogue form.
All data are in free field format with variables separated by blank spaces.
All data are in free field format.
All data are in grams.
All data are in list-directed format.
All data are in millions of dollars.
All data are in network byte order.
All data are in thousands of actual numbers.
All data are in thousands of dollars.
All data are mean values for the period.
All data are means of the two harvest seasons.
All data are monthly averages.
All data are monthly except production data, which are weekly.
All data are now in stratigraphic space.
All data are numbers of individual adults observed.
All data are numbers, and all numbers are data.
All data are objects, and message passing is the only way to manipulate objects.
All data are objects, and objects are manipulated soley by passing messages.
All data are official Romanian statistics, unless otherwise noted.
All data are optional.
All data are preliminary and subject to change.
All data are preliminary and subject to revision.
All data are preliminary.
All data are provisional and are subject to revision.
All data are provisional and subject to change.
All data are provisional unless otherwise stated.
All data are provisional, and are based on reported dates of onset.
All data are provisional, subject to change.
All data are provisional.
All data are publically available immediately after reduction.
All data are quarterly averages unless otherwise indicated.
All data are quarterly.
All data are readily exportable to any spreadsheet application.
All data are retrievable from a relational database management system.
All data are semiannual.
All data are sort-able by subscribers to suit individual preferences.
All data are strictly confidential.
All data are subject to a number of caveats, which point to underconsumption.
All data are subject to a peer-review process.
All data are subject to change without notice.
All data are subject to change without prior notice.
All data are subject to changes, errors and omissions.
All data are subject to confidentiality restrictions prior to release.
All data are subject to further review and revision.
All data are subject to nonsampling errors.
All data are subject to review and revision.
All data are subject to revision and considered provisional until reviewed and published.
All data are subject to revision in each of the three months after original publication.
All data are subject to revision.
All data are then available to the public.
All data are third quarter over third quarter.
All data are to be directly recorded in the notebook.
All data are to be recorded in the notebook during the laboratory period.
All data are typical values and subject to change without prior notice.
All data are unadjusted for seasonality.
All data are unadjusted for underreporting of nitrites.
All data are whole-year data.
All data associated with a name is tagged with a type, and queries can be limited to a single type.
All data becomes instantly searchable by indexes, keywords or full-text searching.
All data belong exclusively to the client.
All data belongs to someone.
All data below is empirical.
All data calculated about the object is held in a datastructure.
All data can follow some sort of hierarchy, even if the hierarchy seems somewhat arbitrary.
All data captured by the mobile mapping system are available in a global coordinate system.
All data captured from the receiver is logged to disk in real-time.
All data carry time-stamps.
All data clearly show that for any woman, the risk of getting breast cancer does increase with age.
All data collected are from administrative records.
All data collected during a run are available for inclusion in customized graphs and reports.
All data collected during the field operation is analyzed.
All data collected from public school districts is provided here in .xls format.
All data come from federal government agencies.
All data come with supporting context, too.
All data coming out of the science testing program are public.
All data concerning employees is reported to human resources at headquarters.
All data concerning one subject goes in a single column.
All data concerning the size of the population are subject to error.
All data contained here is subject to revision.
All data contained in a master file is split up in resource records , or RRs for short.
All data contained in the ADMG are publicly available.
All data contained in the book is cross-referenced with the source.
All data contained in the Consumer Edition is based upon information collected nationwide.
All data contained in the report are provisional.
All data cover both industries and farms.
All data depict full-time teachers only.
All data display their pedigrees, and a guided tour helps first time visitors find their way around.
All data display their pedigrees, and a guided tour helps first-time visitors find their way around.
All data easily fits into main memory.
All data exclude construction.
All data exclude faculty at the instructor rank.
All data exclude military personnel.
All data exclude two-year schools unless otherwise specified.
All data extracted from the query resides within the architectural domain.
All data flowing to and from the internet and the private network is filtered by the firewall.
All data found here is the ownership of the United Architects of the Philippines.
All data gathered by our systems is held in the strictest confidence.
All data given here refer to the unit vectors of the unit cell.
All data goes through the portal, and all access is controlled through the same portal.
All data goes to the file coverage.cvp, which can be view with coverperl as per above.
All data has a story to tell.
All data has an attached metadata file for source and quality definition.
All data has an owner.
All data has the following projection criteria.
All data has to be submitted according to a designated format and schedule.
All data has topology.
All data have the potential to permit development of predictive correlations.
All data have units.
All data held on the IDBR is treated as 'Restricted Commercial'.
All data here is also accessible through the complete Stardial data archive from the menu bar above.
All data here is cumulative totals.
All data here is encrypted.
All data initially resides in slow memory.
All data is accessible even if one node dies.
All data is accessible except for individual boat details for confidentiality reasons.
All data is accessible to our staff from anywhere in the world.
All data is accurate, from recorded sources, however.
All data is adjusted for splits.
All data is adjusted for stock splits.
All data is aggregated and used confidentially.
All data is aggregated for reporting to our research clients.
All data is also copied to a cache file, so that the transactions can be saved and monitored.
All data is an abstraction or a representation of something real.
All data is analyzed by computers.
All data is anonymised such that any references to institutions have been removed.
All data is appended to any existing .upl or .lol files.
All data is archived and can be retrieved upon request.
All data is archived for one full year.
All data is archived to tape each month, with incremental backups each night.
All data is arranged in publications at the consolidated database site.
All data is at the the national level.
All data is authenticated, encrypted, and authorized.
All data is automatically backed-up on a daily basis to mitigate the risk of lost data.
All data is available by individual teammate or consolidated as one.
All data is available for download for no charge.
All data is available in real-time and securely stored for viewing later.
All data is available through standard ordering procedures on a cost recovery basis.
All data is available to the public as soon as it is archived.
All data is available to the public.
All data is averaged to cells comprising one degree of latitude and longitude.
All data is backed up daily and storage never becomes an issue.
All data is backed up daily using a robotic tape system.
All data is backed up daily.
All data is backed up in real time.
All data is backed up in the case of an emergency or misuse.
All data is backed up nightly.
All data is backed up on a daily basis and between test cycles.
All data is backed up on a monthly basis to tape.
All data is backed up, as well, by a RAID system where the data is mirrored on another hard drive.
All data is backed-up on a regular basis and securely stored off site.
All data is believe to be accurate but the buyer is responsible to verify the information.
All data is believed to be from reliable sources.
All data is broken down into units called bits.
All data is broken out for dog and cat, and for neonate, juvenile and adult.
All data is browsable and searchable.
All data is by submission.
All data is calculated through the highest degree of surveying and engineering design methods.
All data is captured for analysis, and inventory is updated in real time.
All data is checked and validated.
All data is checked as it is entered and the program is very easy to use and understand.
All data is checked for accuracy and accuracy rates are guaranteed.
All data is cited.
All data is collected and becomes required by the script.
All data is collected and handled with the utmost concern.
All data is collected and recorded in ink with appropriate significant figures and units.
All data is collected at a certain time.
All data is collected automatically requiring no inputs from the user.
All data is collected before any output is done.
All data is collected by the software, eliminating transcription errors.
All data is collected for internal company purposes only.
All data is collected in the aggregate.
All data is collected, processed, and stored in digital form.
All data is compile from official budget documents and submitted by each agency.
All data is compiled to analyze what type of people purchase which products at certain times, etc.
All data is completely anonymous.
All data is compressed, tokenized, and stored in random length records.
All data is confidential .
All data is confidential.
All data is constructed.
All data is contained behind the firewall.
All data is contained in encapsulated objects managed by the operating system.
All data is contained in regular fields and script varies depending on the requirements of the data.
All data is contained in tables.
All data is contained on just one compact disc with a rolling five year coverage.
All data is contributed anonymously.
All data is controlled using built-in 'common sense' rules, thus ensuring data integrity.
All data is controlled using the rules of configuration management, thus ensuring data integrity.
All data is conveniently available in Excel format.
All data is converted according to the target format.
All data is converted to a common format with a uniform organization of real and imaginary points.
All data is copied to another medium.
All data is copied verbatim in order to keep the intrigrity of all notes.
All data is copy-right protected and Patent rights are pending.
All data is copyrighted but can be copied for personal use.
All data is cumulative from one page to the next.
All data is current.
All data is de-identified and all site information is confidential.
All data is digitized to implement algorithms for data processing.
All data is displayed in a spreadsheet.
All data is disposed only after personal approval of the participant.
All data is downloaded and deleted from our Web server many times a day.
All data is encoded using industry-standard protocols.
All data is encoded.
All data is encryped using a secure server for absolute security at all times.
All data is encrypted across the wire.
All data is encrypted and is additionally protected with a proxy server and firewall.
All data is encrypted and passed through a firewall.
All data is encrypted and protected from unauthorized access.
All data is encrypted and stored in redundant, fault-tolerant servers.
All data is encrypted and transmitted through our secure server.
All data is encrypted before passing through the Internet to our server.
All data is encrypted before transmission.
All data is encrypted during transmission and can only be read by authorized personnel.
All data is encrypted during transmittal processes.
All data is encrypted for transfer.
All data is encrypted on external memory cards, used to save memory space.
All data is encrypted prior to sending regardless of method used.
All data is encrypted upon exiting the program.
All data is encrypted when it is transmitted over the internet.
All data is encrypted, during and after transactions.
All data is encrypted.
All data is end of semester data.
All data is entered by double-keying or a combination of keying and optical character recognition.
All data is entered by means of two buttons and four directional arrows.
All data is entered by nodes in the tree.
All data is entered by the group on a chart and graphed on paper.
All data is entered with capital letter first and then lower case following, for each word.
All data is entered.
All data is erased .
All data is exchanged in XML format via standard methods.
All data is exportable.
All data is exported by games and maps played either as ranking or as player matrix.
All data is extracted by experts from the scientific literature.
All data is extracted from the observing logs.
All data is fed back to a touch-screen display unit.
All data is for battlecruisers only.
All data is for calendar years.
All data is for demographic purposes only.
All data is for demonstration purposes only.
All data is for earnings from continuing operations.
All data is for first-time candidates without advanced degrees.
All data is for places in North Carolina, unless otherwise noted.
All data is for places in Virginia, unless otherwise noted.
All data is for public use without constraints in high quality.
All data is formed, ultimately, from bits.
All data is fraudulent.
All data is free and viewing software can be downloaded.
All data is free online.
All data is free to the public.
All data is free.
All data is gathered and exchanged through secured connections.
All data is gathered and reported in total.
All data is gathered from Professional organizations, individual companies, and on the internet.
All data is gathered synchronously and stored in a common file.
All data is given in BTUs and physical units.
All data is held in confidence.
All data is held in the strictest confidence, protected by the strictest security standards.
All data is held on our computers which are security protected - security statement .
All data is held on our computers which are security protected - Security statement .
All data is held on our computers which are security protected.
All data is held on two separate tape copies.
All data is held strictly confidential.
All data is imported automatically and is free.
All data is in a master database located at their headquarters.
All data is in a single .img file, volumes by time.
All data is in an ascii file format.
All data is in binary.
All data is in Clay County Coordinates , feet.
All data is in geographic coordinates unless otherwise noted.
All data is in one long column, with fields running down the page.
All data is in percentages.
All data is in seconds.
All data is in the same storage projection.
All data is in XML, so it's just a matter of some simple scripts or XSLT to get it done.
All data is included in the report.
All data is included, however.
All data is input output as char.
All data is input with free field format.
All data is instantly available online and is transparent to all users with the proper access.
All data is interesting and valuable.
All data is kept anonymous.
All data is kept confidential for a practice and in separate data bases.
All data is kept confidential within our company.
All data is kept confidential.
All data is kept in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
All data is kept in objects, but modules, functions, classes, and methods are also objects.
All data is kept in strict confidence.
All data is linked and correlated and available on custom portal websites.
All data is linked to information detailing the quality and origin of each element of the data.
All data is loaded from specialy formated text file.
All data is loaded into memory as two byte integers to reduce data storage sizes.
All data is loaded into the tables as soon as it is received.
All data is lost.
All data is maintained on-line for the entire fiscal year.
All data is managed with reference to individual persons.
All data is multiplexed by the ultra low power processing unit.
All data is nominal, except for some smearing at start of flightlines.
All data is numeric and pertains only to firearms that have been forfeited.
All data is obtained from information provided by doctors, participants and literature.
All data is obtained weekly from the appropriate administrative system.
All data is on a single page.
All data is on a whole-coal basis.
All data is on sites run by third parties.
All data is on-line all the time.
All data is only a click away in either the long or short listing.
All data is organized by town.
All data is packaged in fixed size cells.
All data is packed to keep the stream size down.
All data is passed across the network in human readable form with data elements clearly labelled.
All data is passed from user to user directly.
All data is passed through a secure server connection, then the real work begins.
All data is passed to the anti-sorter and the alignment is done there, independently.
All data is password protected.
All data is portable and is stored in the NetCDF format.
All data is preclinical.
All data is preliminary and subject to change.
All data is preliminary pending review by state education officials.
All data is preliminary.
All data is premium terrestrial data.
All data is present when the record is printed or copied.
All data is presented as a chronology, rather than divided into folders and drives.
All data is presented in five-year intervals.
All data is processed by a common processor.
All data is processed by hand for now.
All data is produced or released for some certain purpose.
All data is projected onto a large ceiling mounted screen via ceiling mounted projectors.
All data is protected and archived in real time backups.
All data is protected behind multiple firewalls and when necessary, is password protected.
All data is protected by law.
All data is protected by our privacy policy .
All data is protected from entry to delivery.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
All data is provided as available.
All data is provided as is with no guarantee.
All data is provided as is without any responsibility for accuracy carried.
All data is provided as is, with all faults.
All data is provided by the caller of the function.
All data is provided for information purposes only.
All data is provided in national currency values.
All data is provided in plain text charts.
All data is provided in the form of process control charts.
All data is provided on a per request basis, all no record found responses are billable.
All data is provided on an as available basis.
All data is provided solely as theoretical examples for informational purposes.
All data is provided with out guarantee.
All data is provided without warranty of any kind.
All data is provided without warranty.
All data is provisional .
All data is provisional and subject to change.
All data is provisional and subject to later revision.
All data is provisional.
All data is put in the last declared object.
All data is put into some hashes for easy use.
All data is put into the data fork.
All data is read from cin.
All data is readable.
All data is reconstructed on the fly.
All data is recorded for later analysis.
All data is recorded on a standardized field sheet.
All data is recorded on magnetic tape for post-mission analysis.
All data is recorded to disk for future reference.
All data is recorded.
All data is referenced through pointer semantics, and a garbage collector reclaims unused space.
All data is registered in a central computer for future analysis.
All data is removed from the internet servers as they are pulled down.
All data is reported as of the first of the month and is printed on a monthly basis.
All data is reported as of the first of the month.
All data is requested through transactions.
All data is required.
All data is restored when the image is opened.
All data is restricted to the individually logged-on user and is password protected.
All data is returned as XML data.
All data is revised and updated quarterly.
All data is routed into an Incoming queue first.
All data is safe and backed up on a regular basis.
All data is sampled and stored at a rate of two samples per hour.
All data is saved automatically and immediately.
All data is saved for three months.
All data is saved to disk and can be reviewed and edited whenever desired.
All data is saved to disk as it is entered.
All data is secure and confidential.
All data is secure and encrypted.
All data is secure and is protected from alteration, loss or misuse.
All data is secure.
All data is secured and encrypted.
All data is secured by password-protection access.
All data is secured via usernames and passwords.
All data is sensitive to some degree, exactly how sensitive is unique to each environment.
All data is sent directly to the bank.
All data is sent from each client to the server which then sends the data to each client.
All data is sent in packages.
All data is sent in the units shown and is independent of the units selected.
All data is sent via our secure server.
All data is sold for personal use only.
All data is spectrally incomplete.
All data is standardized and assembled into a common geographic database.
All data is standardized and transfers seamlessly.
All data is still there.
All data is stored and accessible electronically.
All data is stored and distributed in netCDF format.
All data is stored automatically in the accompanying order and contact management software.
All data is stored electronically with a daily back-up.
All data is stored in a canonical format to allow easy sharing between different machines.
All data is stored in a central database server, where it can be easily reviewed.
All data is stored in a database.
All data is stored in a relational database format.
All data is stored in a relational database system.
All data is stored in a separate location from our web server and is secured behind a firewall.
All data is stored in compressed form.
All data is stored in convenient flatfile format for exporting into mailing software.
All data is stored in digital form on two hard disks in the tower's computer system.
All data is stored in massive database tables.
All data is stored in one predefined file either on the C or D drive.
All data is stored in Oracle.
All data is stored in secure data centers according to stringent privacy and security standards.
All data is stored in text files.
All data is stored in the computer system.
All data is stored into the application.
All data is stored offline and is kept secure at all times.
All data is stored on a central server eliminating the concerns many users have regarding cookies.
All data is stored on a removable data card.
All data is stored on a shared disk array.
All data is stored on board for the duration of the flight.
All data is stored on disk so that annual updates can be done in just minutes.
All data is stored on mirrored disks that are fault tolerant.
All data is stored on the bank server.
All data is stored on the hard disk parallel to the on-screen representation.
All data is stored on the local disk, which is mounted read only.
All data is stored on the server, and it retains no data whatsoever once it's shut off.
All data is stored once only in the relational database.
All data is stored to disk as it is entered by use of auto-commits.
All data is stored to the PC hard drive.
All data is stored twice on two or more identical disk drives.
All data is stored with the low byte first.
All data is strictly confidential.
All data is structured for ease of access.
All data is structured in a single database.
All data is structured, enumerated and reviewed by a tissue bank pathologist.
All data is subject to change as a result of the evaluation process.
All data is subject to change as better, more reliable data becomes available.
All data is subject to change as Dexter deems appropriate.
All data is subject to change at any time.
All data is subject to change due to mistaken sources of information.
All data is subject to change without notice.
All data is subject to constant change.
All data is subject to final verification.
All data is subject to revision.
All data is submitted directly to Quorum's Dallas office for confidential processing.
All data is submitted in encrypted form.
All data is submitted on the web, and there are application fees.
All data is sufficient and clear.
All data is summarized and can be viewed only as county or state totals.
All data is supplied by local resorts.
All data is taken while the film is being blown.
All data is the most current available at the time of research.
All data is the result of solving the equations describing the molecule.
All data is the same.
All data is time-stamped and stored.
All data is time-stamped to assist with troubleshooting and record keeping.
All data is to be entered in the notebook at the time it is taken.
All data is to be initially entered at the park or office level.
All data is to be printed and entered in the data blocks.
All data is to be recorded directly into the notebook.
All data is to be written down in pen and per the instructor's format.
All data is transferred across the Internet in packets.
All data is transmitted in encrypted format, to prevent interception in transit.
All data is transmitted over a secure connection.
All data is transmitted through secure means and processed offline.
All data is treated as confidential.
All data is treated as objects according to a fully object-oriented approach.
All data is treated confidentially.
All data is Unclassified.
All data is unofficial.
All data is unsigned.
All data is updated hourly and time series graphs are available for all data.
All data is updated hourly unless otherwise noted.
All data is updated monthly.
All data is used for internal purposes only.
All data is used for program improvement.
All data is valid for navigation.
All data is validated before it is stored to the database.
All data is validated on line at data entry.
All data is verified and validated as it is entered.
All data is verified for accuracy.
All data is verified prior to being released to our clients.
All data is viewed as entities with attributes and relationships .
All data is well below the health-based limits.
All data is well referenced and reliable.
All data is written to the grid in the correct positions.
All data is written to two disks simultaneously so both disks contain exactly the same information.
All data is written twice to separate drives.
All data listed below are available to the public.
All data look good and the magnetometer is exceptionally quiet.
All data moving to a user's machine over a network connection is streamed.
All data needs to be encrypted.
All data pertaining to patient and payor type is contained within the software.
All data presented here are most current available.
All data presented here is available for use by other researchers.
All data provided here is for informational purposes only.
All data provided is for private information purposes only.
All data published are historical, usually on a monthly or quarterly basis.
All data received by the system is logged and can be replayed for analysis.
All data recorded by the system is stored on a solid state disk.
All data refer to the end of month.
All data reflect fall census information for on-campus students.
All data reflect student characteristics, awards, and program data at the end of the aid year.
All data reflect the current organizational structure.
All data reflect the worker's county of residence rather than place of work.
All data relate to the calendar years shown unless otherwise indicated.
All data remains in encrypted form.
All data remains intact.
All data remains unchanged.
All data represent state estimates.
All data represent the average of six or less tests unless otherwise noted.
All data represent the average of two runs.
All data requested in the registration form have to be completely filled in.
All data resides in a tightly controlled, secure data center.
All data resides in one facility and the old methods of trying to get consolidated data is history.
All data resides on our servers and is only accessible by system administrators.
All data resides on the back-room servers.
All data resides on the client institution's dedicated server.
All data send to zzn is an agreement between the user and zzn.
All data shown above is preliminary.
All data shown are for residents.
All data shown are the means of duplicate determinations.
All data stored is backed up daily.
All data stored on network drives is archived to tape nightly.
All data stored on our server is protected by file permissions and passwords.
All data stored on the cluster is deleted.
All data stored on the disk is encrypted and the application is password protected when enabled.
All data submitted here is safe and confidential.
All data submitted is transmitted encrypted.
All data taken becomes public immediately.
All data taken represent a finite set from a possible infinite set.
All data transferred to our bankers is encrypted for a very high level of security.
All data transmitted from the Argo network are fully and openly available.
All data traveling between two computers is encypted, even password exchange and X connections.
All data traversing the Internet is divided into bundles called packets.
All data undergo data-entry quality control to ensure completeness and accuracy.
All data used are quality-controlled on high level with automatic plus visual checks.
All data used by a PC is in the form of files.
All data used for analysis are anonymous and aggregated.
All data used for reporting is updated monthly.
All data used in both the liquidity and production calculations is averaged over a five-year period.
All data used in presenting the topics has to be referenced.
All data used within our office is protected by our secure fire-walled system.
All data written through the outputstream is buffered until it is read again from the input stream.
Any data collected in one function is available for use in another.
Any data collected is for demographic use only to enhance the user experience.
Any data coming in or going out has to get past the firewall first.
Any data concerning the originality of the faculty member's work are important.
Any data contained in a computer has the potential for being a computer-generated world.
Any data contained in the packet is processed after the signaling bits are processed.
Any data is accessible by any internet users.
Any data is good data.
Any data is just one click away.
Any data is very helpfull.
Any data located there is destroyed.
Any data located there is lost.
Any data obtained is kept secure for only internal procedures.
Any data received by the client is ignored.
Any data remaining in the converters is flushed out and returned here.
Any data sent by the application is broadcast to all members of the group.
Any data stored on the cluster is deleted.
Any data written to the write file descriptor is available for reading on the read file descriptor.
Every data set have to be approved.
Many data are obsolete by the time it reaches textbooks.
Many data have to be stored on magnetic tape.
Many data here are monthly means and very useful for climatologist and weather forecaster.
Many data indicate that starch-filled amyloplasts trigger gravitropic sensing.
Many data indicate the divide is widening.
Many data warehousing implementations mistakenly start with the end game.
More data are available for newborns than for adults.
More data are available in some watersheds than others.
More data are available on the social makeup of the Corinthian church than of any other.
More data are necessary before any firm recommendations can be made.
More data are necessary before aspirin can be considered for use in apparently healthy individuals.
More data are needed before definitive conclusions can be made.
More data are needed for a more definite statement.
More data can appear on the screen at one time reducing nonproductive scrolling.
More data can only make the case against the omission stronger.
More data comes from test number two of the semester.
More data is added but data is never removed.
More data is added every month.
More data is being added on a regular basis, so check our site regularly.
More data is found on the internet sites for stats.
More data is left in message.
More data is needed before anything can be said.
More data is needed by scientists to better understand the nature of near-shore fish populations.
More data is needed for anodes operating in typical deep water conditions.
More data is needed for real wheels before the models can become more accurate.
More data is needed in order to formulate recovery recommendations.
More data is needed on proper hydraulic designs for subsurface flow systems.
More data is needed on species taxonomy, distribution, status, trends and ecosystem processes.
More data is needed on stability of advanced ceramics in the glass production environment.
More data is needed to check the relationship.
More data is needed to determine the risk of and factors related to sexual transmission.
More data is needed to establish the true origin, the scientists say.
More data is needed.
More data is required pertaining to the costs of establishing and maintaining information networks.
More data is required to draw any concrete conclusions.
More data is required to pin down the period.
More data is required.
More data is visualized in smaller graphics around the page.
More data makes for better management decisions.
More data means longer phone calls.
More data means more channels.
More data needs to be collected.
More data still needs to be collected before scientists are ready to make perdictions.
Most data applies to the U.S. with some information for regions.
Most data are at the surface but some species are given on several levels.
Most data are available in both viewable and downloadable form.
Most data are available in printed and electronic formats.
Most data are from chick-feeding studies.
Most data are from tide gauges but some data are derived from bottom-mounted pressure gauges.
Most data are in the public domain, including arrest records and court documents.
Most data are in-hand.
Most data are national in scope, but selected statistics pertain to regions and states.
Most data are national in scope.
Most data are on note slips.
Most data are point data, which are often summarized as a distribution area.
Most data are quarterly, and sources are given.
Most data are regional which includes Washington, Oregon, and Idaho.
Most data are universal with the exception of our written examination.
Most data are vailable for use to the public at no cost.
Most data are very short term.
Most data arise as a by-product of other activities.
Most data arise as a byproduct of other activities.
Most data being processed by object is here.
Most data comes from the NOAA list, nwsli.list.
Most data comes from yellow page listings.
Most data describe the committees' activities and related topics in a highly partisan manner.
Most data exist in published or unpublished papers, archives, notebooks or on data sheets.
Most data feeds transmit the above indicators.
Most data flows through copper wires.
Most data has a large DC component that is of little interest in the grey-scale display.
Most data has a short description that puts it in context of the experiment, purpose and goals.
Most data has many dimensions, such as time, number sold, segment of the company, etc.
Most data is acquired by a PC-based data acquisition system.
Most data is at municipal level.
Most data is available as self extracting compressed files.
Most data is available at a national level only.
Most data is available free online.
Most data is available in yearly, quarterly, and monthly frequencies.
Most data is broken down by county.
Most data is compiled from just a few sources, largely governmental.
Most data is displayed on lines with a label at the left and a value at the right.
Most data is entered directly on the daily grid, and some calendar displays are difficult to read.
Most data is from research and pilot scale projects.
Most data is given to an astronomer and they have about a year to analyze it.
Most data is only available to members.
Most data is presented at the national level.
Most data is provided in a convenient, portable format of printed words on paper.
Most data is sent to servers using either a GET or POST methods.
Most data listed is for current or preferred parts.
Most data presently used for policy purposes cover entire national or regional populations.
Most data relate to compound behavior in analytical methodology for determining residues in foods.
Most data suggest that men and women in positions of power act very much the same.
Most data tends to be anecdotal and very difficult to interpret.
Most data used about African publishing is out of date.
Much data exist, but there are recognized gaps.
Much data indicating the existence of such disparities is already available.
Much data never passes out of the operational environment.
Some data already are available to assessment team leaders.
Some data appears to be out of order.
Some data are also available at household level.
Some data are also available for the eastern two-thirds of the U.S., plus Ontario and Quebec.
Some data are always preset to make quicker the operation.
Some data are available directly online , and much more is available by mail.
Some data are available for direct extraction from the record data base.
Some data are available free here for people registering for guest access.
Some data are available from the online archive.
Some data are available on CD-ROM or on the Internet.
Some data are available.
Some data are bad because of equipment problems.
Some data are confidential, e.g., individual census records.
Some data are confidential.
Some data are currently in various intermediate formats.
Some data are easy to get, some are hard.
Some data are extremely timely.
Some data are fee based, but much information can be obtained in Adobe Acrobat format at no charge .
Some data are hidden behind the access methods and some are open to all.
Some data are incorrect.
Some data are limited access.
Some data are measured at the interval level .
Some data are measured at the nominal level .
Some data are measured at the ordinal level .
Some data are measured at the ratio level .
Some data are more current than others.
Some data are more suitable for display as a raster image.
Some data are on line for electronic access.
Some data are only available through prior arrangement.
Some data are preliminary, and subject to change upon further review.
Some data are proprietary information.
Some data are proprietary.
Some data are unavailable elsewhere.
Some data are unavailable from some states or regions.
Some data collected below is shown for viewing and some comments are made within.
Some data come from online sources as listed on the family pages or in the species entries.
Some data come in the form of actual student work, providing a richer picture than test scores can.
Some data come naturally in the form of a distance between species.
Some data comes from rats.
Some data describe the effect of properties vs. thickness and dimensions vs. moisture.
Some data even indicates no added risk for stone development from oxalate-rich food.
Some data exist that support the productivity-resources hypothesis.
Some data follow.
Some data has to be dropped in favor of others.
Some data however is collected through observation.
Some data indicate a slightly eye irritating effect which is much less than for natural salt.
Some data indicate that formation of prostacyclin suppresses atherogenesis.
Some data indicate that obesity among children is on the increase.
Some data is also available for nonmember institutions.
Some data is available at the block group level.
Some data is available by zip code.
Some data is available electronically from other sources.
Some data is available for free during a trial period.
Some data is available from Eros due to the recent flyby.
Some data is available in digital format and can be obtained from data suppliers.
Some data is available on CD ROM for the asking.
Some data is available on the site.
Some data is available to subscribers only.
Some data is available.
Some data is broken down into the county and city level.
Some data is collected about the package.
Some data is collected by students, and they learn how to decide if data is approximately linear.
Some data is collected over periods of time and converted to graphs which illustrate network usage.
Some data is considered public record, while other data is confidential.
Some data is displayed graphically and numerically.
Some data is displayed in maps.
Some data is free, but access to the full set of data requires registration and payment.
Some data is gathered and stored in a secondary flat file.
Some data is given for regions and states.
Some data is here .
Some data is incorrect.
Some data is less critical.
Some data is linked to other pages to provide further information.
Some data is minimal but other entries offer some surprisingly detailed information.
Some data is more important for data recovery than others.
Some data is more important than others and people are willing to pay for it.
Some data is more readily meaningful than others.
Some data is obtained on a real-time basis and some after the fact.
Some data is offered free of charge.
Some data is only available through paid subscription.
Some data is password protected and only available in the library.
Some data is provided from leading international brokerage houses and data providers .
Some data is public domain - meaning anyone can use it.
Some data is readily obtainable on line.
Some data is retained indefinitely.
Some data is searchable.
Some data is sent and received.
Some data is shared with partner sites and participating record companies especially contest data.
Some data is suppressed.
Some data needs to be protected from being changed as it passes over networks.
Some data needs to be protected from even being seen.
Some data needs to be qualified .
Some data needs to be qualified.
Some data only appear if e-mail or navigation software is used.
Some data printed for defunct processes is irrelevant.
Some data produces can serve up only one data item, while others can serve many items.
Some data refers only to England and Wales.
Some data require a password for access.
Some data require long term storage.
Some data require very long term storage, possibly for many decades.
Some data requires a payment.
Some data requires translating.
Some data serve many applications and have national extent.
Some data still remains on the science tape recorder.
Some data suggest big brown bats forage orient toward the loudest natural sound fields.
Some data suggest significant drops and also increases.
Some data suggest that it reduces the blood's tendency to clot.
Some data suggest that smokers differ widely in readiness to quit.
Some data suggests that depression in older adults is also grossly underestimated.
Some data suggests that high-poverty areas frequently have unusually high levels of youth violence.
Some data suggests they progress more slowly and they respond better to treatment.
Some data support a possible exposure.
Some datura blooms are one solid color, some two toned or even three shades of color.
Daufuskie island is accessible only by water and is partly wild and partly developed for tourism.
A daughter cell is a cell
Daughter cell grows off mother cell.
Daughter cells are blastomeres.
Daughter cells are cells.
Daughter cells are clones of the parent cells.
Daughter cells are just visible inside.
Daughter cells are offsprings.
Daughter cells can get very different ratios of types.
Daughter cells can remain connected to mother cell and form a chain.
Daughter cells forming within tomonts are known as tomites.
Daughter cells get exact copies of the chromosomes during mitosis.
Daughter cells have exactly half dimension of their mother cell.
Daughter cells have half the number of chromosomes from the original.
Daughter cells stick together because of the adhesive they produce.
Some daughter cells hang together for a long time and form long flexible chains.
Daughter chromosomes arrive at the poles and the microtubules disappear.
Daughter fronds have mass.
Daughter fronds remain fronds.
Daughter isotope contains equal numbers of protons and neutrons.
Daughter nuclei are virtually genetically identical to each other.
Daughter nuclei begin to form at the two poles.
Daughter nuclei have single chromosomes anda new mix of genetic material.
Some daughter nuclei have energy.
A daughter is a female offspring
Daughter attends TCU and son is in high school.
Daughter call Stage on trip below that palm v organizer either produces over some devil.
Daughter can confide in mother about anything, most recently about being dumped by a boyfriend.
Daughter churches The district supported only a few hill farms.
Daughter gives up thoroughly disgusted with both mother and brother.
Daughter going off to college and horse needs good home and rider wanting to show for many years.
Daughter has another solution.
Daughter has many command-line arguments and can be run in a variety of ways.
Daughter has minor injuries.
Daughter is a drug user.
Daughter is a little tipsy.
Daughter is a senior at Springfield and has plans to attend college in the fall.
Daughter is an overworked graduate student and refuses.
Daughter is clean, son is hopeless.
Daughter is to big for the saddle.
Daughter isa individual.
Daughter isa person.
Daughter isa somebody.
Daughter isa someone.
Daughter joins mom as graduate of Mt .
Daughter knows best.
Daughter lives and works in Washington, DC Area.
Daughter loves the novel and has read far ahead.
Daughter merely becomes a carrier.
Daughter needs family medical history.
Daughter needs to show three diagrams showing the solid, liquid and gas form of a particle.
Daughter pack Clothes through honey beside no nature magazines how warn through none powder.
Daughter picks up that something anxiety provoking but really fascinating is going on here.
Daughter refuse with whatever gas when sell personal homepage.
Daughter shouts, cats grabs mouse and disappears under the bed.
Daughter Take a look at our beautiful daughter.
Daughter takes to it like a duck to water.
Daughter thank till any unfinished moldings.
Daughter thank till any vermont wood stove.
Daughter too is gone.
Daughter walk Sin in dust beside many browns jersey auction however behave into some pot.
Daughter walk Sin in dust beside many compact disc auction however behave into some pot.
Daughter womens sunstopper hat.
Daughter yells, mums climbs the stairs again.
Daughters acquire boyfriends.
Daughters acquire lovely boyfriends.
Daughters advises riders to read the purpose of the test first.
Daughters also benefit from physical interaction with their fathers.
Daughters are a major target of abusive women.
Daughters are a special gift.
Daughters are brittle ware.
Daughters are children.
Daughters are diagnosed with allergies.
Daughters are diagnosed with peanut allergies.
Daughters are different.
Daughters are expensive because their marriages require dowries.
Daughters are extremely aggressive and have ravenous appetites.
Daughters are feminine and are good milkers and sons are thick and make great herd bulls.
Daughters are free with paying mothers.
Daughters are homes.
Daughters are medium sized cattle with good udders and exceptional legs and feet.
Daughters are Mermares with some of the father's traits.
Daughters are more likely to have children during their teen years.
Daughters are never of so much consequence to a father.
Daughters are so irreverent.
Daughters are special people.
Daughters are still diploid.
Daughters are tall and strong with good udders.
Daughters are under no such obligation, but in many Jewish circles they do so.
Daughters are welcome to visit when they are in the Washington, DC, area.
Daughters are wonderful.
Daughters attend private schools.
Daughters attend schools.
Daughters attend top private board schools.
Daughters become mothers.
Daughters can have children.
Daughters can inherit only if their deceased father had no sons.
Daughters carry the gene, sons suffer from it.
Daughters complain of belly pain.
Daughters complain of horrible pain.
Daughters complain of pain.
Daughters complete tasks.
Daughters cost more than sons.
Daughters deserve nothing less.
Daughters Discuss the Man That Got Away.
Daughters eat food.
Daughters eat parents.
Daughters enjoy toys.
Daughters find jobs.
Daughters follow examples.
Daughters generally bear the responsibility as caretakers for their aging parents.
Daughters get uncles.
Daughters go barefoot.
Daughters go to houses.
Daughters have (part) arms.
Daughters have (part) body substances.
Daughters have (part) cell membranes.
Daughters have (part) cells.
Daughters have (part) corpi.
Daughters have (part) cytoplasm.
Daughters have (part) heads.
Daughters have (part) legs.
Daughters have (part) necks.
Daughters have (part) nuclei.
Daughters have (part) personality.
Daughters have (part) plasma membranes.
Daughters have (part) sections.
Daughters have (part) vacuoles.
Daughters have boyfriends.
Daughters have calm dispositions and super udder texture.
Daughters have choices and responsibilities.
Daughters have daughters.
Daughters have digestive problems.
Daughters have feelings.
Daughters have few more lbs.
Daughters have health problems.
Daughters have kids.
Daughters have lbs.
Daughters have new boyfriends.
Daughters have no inheritance rights.
Daughters have other health problems.
Daughters have problems.
Daughters have responses.
Daughters have time.
Daughters hear girls.
Daughters honor their dads A father's influence makes up an irreplaceable part of a child's life.
Daughters inherit a normal allele from their mother and the hemophilia allele from their father.
Daughters inherit conditions.
Daughters inherit the mate preference and produce sons with the attractive trait.
Daughters learn about the library.
Daughters learn how to cook, how to drive, how to ride, and how to work.
Daughters leave homes.
Daughters leave, often at an early age.
Daughters lose dads.
Daughters lose lbs.
Daughters love dolphins.
Daughters love mothers.
Daughters love pets.
Daughters love toys.
Daughters make meals.
Daughters make special meals.
Daughters marry men.
Daughters may have symptoms.
Daughters move away at marriage and transfer their allegiance to their husbands' families.
Daughters need mothers.
Daughters open doors.
Daughters pledge themselves to a lifetime of daily prayer and service, and personal evangelism.
Daughters reach ages.
Daughters reach puberty.
Daughters receive toys.
Daughters remain in the natal group, while males leave just before they reach maturity.
Daughters remain with their mothers until they marry.
Daughters seem to benefit in terms of academic readiness when their fathers are directly involved.
Daughters start schools.
Daughters stay with mothers.
Daughters stay with women counselors.
Daughters suffer extreme fatigue.
Daughters suffer fatal injuries.
Daughters suffer fatigue.
Daughters suffer from depressions.
Daughters suffer injuries.
Daughters take advantage.
Daughters take baths.
Daughters take photos.
Daughters take places.
Daughters tend to do the same things as their mothers.
Daughters tend to settle near their mother, sons disperse greater distances.
Daughters to gain weight.
Daughters to participate in activities.
Daughters want life.
Daughters want mothers.
Daughters wear shirts.
Daughters work with mental health patients.
Daughters work with mental patients.
Daughters work with patients.
Daughters always have their ideas.
All daughters are carriers.
All daughters are female children.
Every daughter has an equal probability of receiving one or the other version.
Every daughter inherits one share while every son inherits two shares.
Many daughters look to their mothers as a mirror for their future lives.
Most daughters acquire boyfriends.
Most daughters acquire lovely boyfriends.
Most daughters are diagnosed with allergies.
Most daughters are diagnosed with peanut allergies.
Most daughters attend private schools.
Most daughters attend schools.
Most daughters attend top private board schools.
Most daughters become mothers.
Most daughters can have children.
Most daughters complain of belly pain.
Most daughters complain of horrible pain.
Most daughters complain of pain.
Most daughters complete tasks.
Most daughters eat food.
Most daughters enjoy toys.
Most daughters find jobs.
Most daughters follow examples.
Most daughters get uncles.
Most daughters go to houses.
Most daughters have boyfriends.
Most daughters have daughters.
Most daughters have digestive problems.
Most daughters have feelings.
Most daughters have few more lbs.
Most daughters have health problems.
Most daughters have kids.
Most daughters have lbs.
Most daughters have new boyfriends.
Most daughters have other health problems.
Most daughters have problems.
Most daughters have responses.
Most daughters have time.
Most daughters hear girls.
Most daughters inherit conditions.
Most daughters leave homes.
Most daughters lose dads.
Most daughters lose lbs.
Most daughters love dolphins.
Most daughters love mothers.
Most daughters love pets.
Most daughters love toys.
Most daughters make meals.
Most daughters make special meals.
Most daughters marry men.
Most daughters reach ages.
Most daughters reach puberty.
Most daughters receive toys.
Most daughters say their moms are their role models.
Most daughters start schools.
Most daughters stay with mothers.
Most daughters suffer extreme fatigue.
Most daughters suffer fatal injuries.
Most daughters suffer fatigue.
Most daughters suffer from depressions.
Most daughters suffer injuries.
Most daughters take advantage.
Most daughters take baths.
Most daughters take photos.
Most daughters take places.
Most daughters wear shirts.
Most daughters work with mental health patients.
Most daughters work with mental patients.
Most daughters work with patients.
Some daughter add too, unless an million for any wine sweep.
Some daughters adopt diets.
Some daughters answer doors.
Some daughters are bitten by rattlesnakes.
Some daughters are diagnosed with disorder.
Some daughters are diagnosed with metabolic disorder.
Some daughters are diagnosed with rare disorder.
Some daughters are diagnosed with rare metabolic disorder.
Some daughters are rushed to hospitals.
Some daughters become breeders.
Some daughters become carriers.
Some daughters become dominant breeders.
Some daughters become leaders.
Some daughters benefit from diets.
Some daughters benefit from fat diets.
Some daughters bring goldfishes.
Some daughters bring guppies.
Some daughters bring mothers.
Some daughters carry copies.
Some daughters carry flames.
Some daughters catch american toads.
Some daughters catch toads.
Some daughters complain of ghosts.
Some daughters complain of headaches.
Some daughters deliver granddaughters.
Some daughters die from allergic reaction.
Some daughters die from reaction.
Some daughters die of cancer.
Some daughters draw grave markers.
Some daughters draw markers.
Some daughters draw stone markers.
Some daughters drive cars.
Some daughters earn degrees.
Some daughters establish ranges.
Some daughters find poems.
Some daughters get men.
Some daughters get young men.
Some daughters go to neighbors.
Some daughters have accidents.
Some daughters have asthma.
Some daughters have car accidents.
Some daughters have coaches.
Some daughters have cystic fibrosis.
Some daughters have diabetes.
Some daughters have dogs.
Some daughters have fibrosis.
Some daughters have girls.
Some daughters have goldfishes.
Some daughters have guys.
Some daughters have illnesses.
Some daughters have infection.
Some daughters have monsters.
Some daughters have opportunity.
Some daughters have puppies.
Some daughters have pups.
Some daughters have serious accidents.
Some daughters have serious car accidents.
Some daughters have stamens.
Some daughters have tract infection.
Some daughters have urinary infection.
Some daughters hold birthday parties.
Some daughters hold hands.
Some daughters hold parties.
Some daughters know uncles.
Some daughters learn trapezes.
Some daughters look at doctors.
Some daughters look for mothers.
Some daughters look like bald little men.
Some daughters look like bald men.
Some daughters look like little men.
Some daughters look like men.
Some daughters lose grandads.
Some daughters love facts.
Some daughters love horses.
Some daughters love soup.
Some daughters make cakes.
Some daughters marry women.
Some daughters miss dads.
Some daughters own cats.
Some daughters own horses.
Some daughters possess horses.
Some daughters possess worms.
Some daughters produce classic winners.
Some daughters produce daughters.
Some daughters produce english classic winners.
Some daughters produce grandsons.
Some daughters produce own daughters.
Some daughters produce winners.
Some daughters raise calves.
Some daughters reach maturity.
Some daughters reach sexual maturity.
Some daughters receive halves.
Some daughters reject fathers.
Some daughters ride ponies.
Some daughters sell goats.
Some daughters serve as presidents.
Some daughters share interest.
Some daughters start play soccer.
Some daughters start soccer.
Some daughters stay with parents.
Some daughters suffer from diarrhea.
Some daughters suffer from severe diarrhea.
Some daughters suffer seizures.
Some daughters take over territory.
Some daughters take thrones.
Some daughters treat children.
Some daughters visit studios.
Some daughters work outside homes.
Daughterless protein is ubiquitous but upregulated in ato -expressing cells of the furrow.
Dauntless personalities are tough-minded and unsentimental.
Dauntless personalities are unconstrained.
Dauntless personalities view themselves as self-sufficient and autonomous.
Dauphin County is committed to providing excellent service to our citizens.
Dauphin County is committed to the welfare of the entire community.
Dauphin County is situated in Central Pennsylvania.
Dauphin Island is a barrier island that separates the Gulf of Mexico from Mobile Bay.
Dauphin Island is a nice place to visit.
Dauphin Island is a small community located on the Southern tip of Alabama in the Gulf of Mexico.
Dauphin Island is also an excellent place for spotting shorebirds.
Dauphin Island is also close to Mobile, and has all the charm of small island life.
Dauphin Island is part of the Gulf Islands National Seashore.
A davenport is a desk
Davenport investigates murder among the glitterati of Minneapolis.
Davis library has study rooms and a computer lab.
A davit is a crane
Davits are in place on the decking.
All davits come complete with lines and blocks.
A daw is a bird
DAWs are the ultimate in flexibility, expandability, and upgradability.
Dawn bats occur in a variety of habitats, including forests and cultivated areas.
A dawn is a hour
Dawn isa cognition.
Dawn isa knowledge.
Dawns are hours.
Dawns are starts.
Dawns are time periods.
Dawns are twilight.
Dawns bring insight.
Dawns bring light.
Every dawn arrives with a breath of pure love.
Every dawn brings a new day and with it the chance for another view of nature.
Every dawn brings a new deadline.
Every dawn seems a birth too common to be told.
Most dawns bring insight.
Most dawns bring light.
Some dawns have connotations.
Some dawns have obvious connotations.
Some dawns have symbolic connotations.
Every dawning day calls for a celebration, and the setting sun is a reason for festivity.
Dawson is part of Canada.
Dawson isa thing.
A day bed is a sofa bed
Day beds are available for parents wishing to spend the night with their child.
A day book is a record
Day books contain accounts of daily sales.
A day camp is a summer camp
Day camp expenses.
Day camp is considered similar to daycare.
Day camp is offered as a service to working families in Waterloo and nearby communities.
Day camp is offered during the summer.
Day camp is treated as a substitute for child care, while sleep-away camp is considered a luxury.
Day camp offers children creative, recreational opportunities to experience the outdoors.
Day camps are also available in some counties.
Day camps are camps.
Day camps are in Tucson.
Day camps are usually close to home and can last anywhere from a few hours to a full eight hour day.
Day camps can also help a child to nurture friendships.
Day camps can offer a variety of programs and cater to a wide range of interests.
All day camps culminate in a performance.
Most day camps are special interest, i.e., horse camp, health camp, or sewing camp.
Day care can also provide substitute care for children needing protection.
Day care can be a major factor in some younger kids due to excessive exposure to viruses.
Day care can be very expensive, with fees running to hundreds of dollars a week.
Day care can be very helpful when caring for someone at home.
Day care can enable people to remain at home for a longer period and delay institutionalization.
Day care can help attract students and can help enormously with retention.
Day care continues to grow as an option in our schools.
DAY CARE has openings.
Day care includes the educational program, a hot lunch, snacks, and before and after school care.
Day care is a big issue for many non-traditional students.
Day care is a hard adjustment at first.
Day care is also a risk.
Day care is also available.
Day care is also availble in the summer.
Day care is an important element of Michigan's successful welfare reform program.
Day care is available at the elementary schools.
Day care is available before and after the camp sessions.
Day care is available for all.
Day care is available for children enrolled in the program.
Day care is available for pre-school children of students.
DAY CARE is available from several local centers that are listed on our schools web page.
Day care is available nearby and hourly bus service is provided.
Day care is available nearby, and hourly bus service is provided.
Day care is available on-site and each student works in the nursery one hour a day.
Day care is available, along with plenty of easy access parking.
Day care is available.
Day care is cheaper than remedial reading tutors in elementary school.
Day care is child care
Day care is crucial to many working families, but day care centers are caught in a bind.
Day care is essential to the feminist agenda.
Day care is expensive and often unavailable.
Day care is expensive.
Day care is limited and often of questionable quality.
Day care is located in the vicinity.
Day care is more than a name or a company, it's a relationship with families and children.
Day care is much more prevalent.
Day care is nice too.
Day care is offered before and after school for children who are enrolled in school classes.
Day care is one cost.
Day care is one item that is on the agenda for their discussion.
Day care is one possible new benefit.
Day care is part of that.
Day care is perhaps the biggest expense for a struggling family.
Day care is provided .
Day care is provided at the library.
Day care is provided during adult treatment activities and when otherwise needed.
Day care is provided for children during adult treatment activities and at other times as needed.
Day care is provided for participants' children.
Day care is provided in the church nursery for a minimal fee.
Day care is provided so that parents with young children can volunteer their time.
Day care is provided to all families while they are enrolled in Passages.
Day care is sometimes also available in private homes licensed to care for two to five people.
Day care is still catch as catch can.
Day care is the most commonly delivered service.
Day care is the primary source of exposure to respiratory infections.
Day care is too expensive.
DAY CARE Licensed day care has openings.
Day care looks to be the election campaign's hottest issue.
Day Care Make sure that day care center employees practice appropriate sanitation and food handling.
Day care requires vaccines.
Day care supports the pediatricians in the country.
Day cares are a good alternative.
Day cares are expensive to run, resulting in low salaries for workers.
Day cares offer an open-door policy.
All day care is provided during school vacations.
All day care is provided on non-school days and during summer months.
Any day care provided in the caregiver's home for all or part of the day is a regulated profession.
More day care is available.
Most day care requires vaccines.
Most day cares take precautions against disease by bleaching, using gloves and washing hands.
Most day cases are episodes involving minor surgical procedures.
Day centres offer social activities for the people who attend, and regularly organise trips out.
Many day centres offer a wide range of handicraft activities.
Day counts are calendar days figured from the start date of the course.
Day counts begin on day of shipment.
Day County has more natural lakes than any other county in the state.
Day County is in an area known as the prairie pot hole.
Day dreams are truly fantasies.
Day embryos develop into embryos.
Day Escapes Play Through.
Day fines levy a portion of an offender's daily wages.
Day geckos are diurnal and arboreal .
Day geckos are either gluers or non-gluers.
Day geckos are some of the brightest vivarium pets available today.
Day geckos feed on insects.
All day geckos require ultraviolet lighting to maintain good health.
Most day geckos are bright green in color.
Most day geckos feed on insects.
Most day geckos have patterns of red spots on their backs.
Day health experience changes life.
Day hikes are a good option when wind or waves make paddling difficult.
Day hikes are everywhere with easy access and awesome variety.
Day hikes are possible throughout the length of the canyon.
Day hikes are simple to plan and can be a lot of fun.
Day hikes are the most popular way to explore the backcountry.
Day hikes are very strenuous.
Every day hike requires fresh fruit.
Many day hikes are also available throughout the summer.
Many day hikes are available in the park.
Most day hikes are no more than a two-hour drive from Manhattan.
Day jobs are like that.
Day jobs referral.
Day labor includes the use of temporary or permanent maintenance personnel.
A day laborer is a laborer
Day laborers are individuals who solicit employment on a daily, temporary basis.
Day length determines flowering, bulb initiation, and maturation in certain crops.
Day length does pose a problem for the far northern species causing irregularities during the moult.
Day length has a small influence.
Day length has an effect on reproduction in the buck and the doe.
Day length is defined as the duration of the light period from sunrise to sunset.
Day length is detected by the pineal gland.
Day lengths are essentially the same year-round.
A day lily is a bulbous plant
Day lilies are divided and replanted year-round.
Day lilies are native to Asia and used there as food and medicine .
Day lilies are one of the simplest and easiest to grow perennials.
Day lilies are really suitable for any kind of landscape.
Day lilies are the backbone of the midsummer garden.
Day lilies are tougher than nails and the multiply rapidly.
Day Lilies bloom most everywhere and all year long.
Day lilies grow in clusters of four to five flowers.
Day lilies range in color from pale yellow to rich purple and red, with many hues in between.
Day lilies unfurl, the sky brightens before the sun arrives, almost pink through the tall poplars.
Every day of war erodes Russia's international prestige.
Day of week is shown along with date.
Day one begins with a wonderful breakfast prepared by our on premise chef.
Day one begins with an introduction to the open-water environment.
Day one begins with an introduction to the sport of fly-fishing.
Day one begins with the instructors demonstrating a safe top-rope setup.
Day one has great significance.
Day one starts the day after an order is received.
Day one starts the day the tangible property crosses state lines.
Day one starts with a short session on how to prepare for a weekend cruise.
Day packs range widely in size and features.
Day parole is available only to offenders serving sentences of imprisonment of two years or more.
Day parole is considered part of their sentence.
Day passes are also available for experienced climbers.
Day passes are also available for most labs.
Day passes are also available.
Day passes are available for all the transport modes in the city.
Day passes are available from any bus operator.
Day passes are available in Budapest.
Day passes are available.
Day passes vary depending on activity.
All day passes are available.
All day passes are good for unlimited rides on local busses and light rail vehicles.
All day passes are self validating and are only good for the month and day validated.
Every day patients suffer from the national ban on the medical use of cannabis.
Day planners are great ways to prioritize projects and meetings.
Day planners are only as good as the day allows.
Day plants produce more flowers.
All day players recieve a complamentory lunch.
Day rooms are also available at the local hotels.
Day rooms are available in London during layover, at additional cost.
A day school is a private school
Day school is a wonder drug, it is a wonderful wonder drug.
Day schools are also independent schools, able to make their own decisions and adjustments.
Day schools are private schools.
Day schools are schools.
Day schools provide another track for Jewish education.
Day schools seem to be a panacea to assimilation.
Day schools teach children and youth from ages five through eighteen.
A day shift is a shift
Day shift is available and experience is preferred.
Day shift is available.
Day shift is indicated by omitting any code.
Day shifts are eight hours and night shifts are seven hours.
Day shifts are eight hours long while night shifts are seven hours long.
Day shifts are shifts.
Day shifts are three hours and evening shifts are four hours.
Day shifts are usually shorter and vary in length because of classes.
Day spa provides skin care, microdermabrasion, facials and more.
Day spas are incredible places that offer the ultimate in body, hair, and facial treatments.
Day spas are one of the fastest-growing segments of the beauty industry in America.
Day spas come in many styles.
Day spas offer indulgence that fits a busy lifestyle.
Most day spas offer a variety of services at many different price ranges.
Some day spas offer special packages for mothers and daughters or husbands and wives.
Every day stars disappear into black holes and every day new stars are born from white holes.
Day students are eligible and encouraged to participate in the after-school program.
Day students are welcome to bring their own lunches.
Day students are welcome to participate in the weekend activities on a cash basis.
Day students are welcome to stay overnight on campus when it is necessary.
Day students are welcome to stay overnight or participate in weekend activities for additional fees.
Day students are welcome.
Day students are, in effect, subject to the same rules as boarders.
Day students come from fourteen local school districts.
Day students commute from more than thirty nearby communities.
Day students enroll every six weeks in one of fourteen fullt-time programs.
Day students find the morning commute, even on nice days, occasionally to be treacherous.
Day students follow the same program of rehearsals, activities, services and meals as do boarders.
Day students receives a free breakfast and lunch.
Day students reside in Springfield and nearby Massachusetts and northern Connecticut towns.
Day students start fall term and a smaller late afternoon and evening group starts winter term.
Day students tend to be younger than the more non-traditional evening enrollees.
All day students participate in internships during their two years at the college.
Every day students change their class schedules around.
Every day students use many of the thought processes that scientists use.
Day surgery areas provide comfort.
Day surgery is carried out in both free standing and hospital based centres.
Day surgery is now the preferred option if possible.
Day trades occur every day.
Day traders are able to take advantage of real time services at a cost.
Day traders are in a unique position of trading quickly in and out of the market.
Day traders are interested only in short-term investments in stocks that are very volatile.
Day traders are just the beginning.
Day traders are keen to just jump on board for a fast ride.
Day traders are likely to pursue an aggressive style with high activity levels.
Day traders are so used to the rush of being up and then way down.
Day traders can access a wealth of market information while sitting at the beach.
Day traders can disrupt the stock market.
Day traders can establish the trend of their stocks to within minutes.
Day traders do.
Day traders execute hundreds of trades a day, hoping to rack up profits on tiny share-price moves.
Day traders have a rotten reputation.
Day traders have the capability of making or losing hundreds of thousands of dollars each day.
Day traders jump from stock to stock, just as road jockeys hurtle from lane to lane.
Day traders keep up with stock information during lunch breaks.
Day traders like to buy on the momentum of the stock.
Day traders look for patterns in the past to predict the future.
Day traders move huge amounts of money.
Day traders seek small increments of profit from momentary fluctuations in the price of a stock.
Day traders tend to trade in very liquid stocks that have very small spreads.
Day traders tend to watch stocks on the computer all day long.
Day traders use borrowed money and leverage to maximize potential gains.
Many day traders borrow money on margin to increase the number of shares they can buy and sell.
Many day traders buy more stocks by borrowing from their brokerage firm.
Many day traders end up very short on cash.
Most day traders are foolish.
Most day traders lose money.
Some day traders have lucrative careers, but a big payoff is far from a sure thing.
Day trading appears romantic and exciting.
Day trading builds sales volumes that encourage the growth of discount brokers.
Day trading can also lead to large and immediate financial loss.
Day trading can also lead to large and immediate financial losses.
Day trading can be extremely risky.
Day trading can be just like it.
Day trading can be pretty complicated.
Day Trading can be very rewarding and fulfilling.
Day trading can be very risky.
Day Trading creates more ulcers than millionaires.
Day trading has large potential rewards as well as risks involved.
Day trading has unique demands.
Day trading hinders the true objective for bringing a company public.
Day trading involves a significant amount of risk.
Day trading involves considerable risk.
Day trading involves substantial risk.
Day trading is a financial buzz word.
Day trading is a form of gambling.
Day trading is a high risk venture that's likely to leave investors high and dry.
Day trading is a highly risky activity for the average investor.
Day trading is a high-risk venture that's likely to leave investors high and dry.
Day trading is a non-productive economic activity.
Day trading is a serious business.
Day Trading is a serious business.
Day trading is a sucker's game.
Day trading is a tool, one of the things in the arsenal, no more than that.
Day trading is a war.
Day trading is also a weird way of life.
Day trading is an effective way to make profits on the pennystock markets.
Day trading is an equalizing profession available to anyone who geniunely wants to try it.
Day trading is considered a high risk speculative trading strategy.
Day trading is considered high risk.
Day Trading is difficult and competitive.
Day trading is difficult.
Day trading is done through specialized brokerage firms that cater to high volume traders.
Day trading is extremely dangerous.
Day trading is extremely risky and speculative.
Day trading is extremely risky.
Day Trading Is Here to Stay.
Day trading is largely the same as trading on the longer time frame.
Day trading is like blackjack . . .
Day trading is neither illegal nor is it unethical.
Day trading is no exception.
Day trading is now a popular technique for making easy money.
Day trading is risky business.
Day trading is risky, all right.
Day trading is risky.
Day trading is simply an attempt to capitalize on short term fluctuations in pennystocks.
Day trading is stock trading.
Day trading is the dirty underbelly of the marketplace.
Day trading is the hardest type of trading there is.
Day trading is unlike swing trading or core trading or any other type of trading for that matter.
Day trading is very difficult and people lose money.
Day trading is war.
Day trading makes the stock market more stable.
Day trading means buying and selling the same security on the same day.
Day trading requires a keen eye and a thorough understanding of stock trading principles.
Day trading requires knowledge of a firm s operations.
Day trading requires knowledge of a firm's operations.
Day trading requires knowledge of firm's operations.
Day trading requires knowledge of securities markets .
Day trading requires knowledge of securities markets.
Day trading sounds soooooo seductive.
Day treatment is a unique and emerging field in psyhiatry.
Day treatment is also available.
Day treatment is provided on site Most meals are prepared by the staff.
Day treatment is provided on site.
Day treatment seeks to facilitate successful community integration.
Day treatment seeks to facilitate successful integration back into the home and community.
Day trips abound.
Day trips add to the educational program.
Day trips are also available by river raft or tubes.
Day trips are also available.
Day trips are available from the capital.
Day trips are easy from Marseilles.
Day trips are easy.
Day trips are free and open to everyone.
Day trips are much better by water than by car.
Day trips are one of the best ways to enjoy much of what Alaska has to offer.
Day trips are readily available in each of the major cities.
Day trips are travel.
Day trips are welcome.
Day trips can consist of several short paddles or longer, more demanding crossings.
Day trips can include a scenic tour of the general area, a whale watch or some deep sea fishing.
Day trips can offer great intensity and a high aerobic output.
Day trips go out to locations throughout Dane County.
Day Trips occur twice each month to a place of interest with a stop at a special restaurant.
Day trips offer dives.
Day trips provide an excellent introduction to backcountry horsepacking.
Day trips provide bait and tackle.
Day trips require a three-day notice with payment in full.
Day trips return each night to the base camp.
Day trips take place throughout the semester.
Day trips taken by by canoe are a wonderful adventure.
Day trippers are normally welcome.
Day trippers are singles.
Day trippers can enjoy water sport such as canoeing, rowing and paddling.
Day trippers can enjoy water sports such as canoeing, rowing and paddling.
Day trippers can take a guided nature walk.
Day walkers please book in advance.
Day wear is fun and flattering, contemporary styles compliment the modern woman's wardrobe.
Day wear is now more usually plain long hose.
Every day wear requires only jeans or shorts, and a light blouse.
A day is unit of time
Day adds that it's important for their students to understand that others have less than they do.
Day agrees with anti-abortion protests.
Day allows boys a space to learn about how gender influences their lives.
Day also has an interesting theory on goals and goal-setting.
Day also offers great deals on car retired from their fleet.
Day also points out Sag Harbor's function as a slave port.
Day also provides a checklist for evaluating books with lesbian and gay content.
Day also talks about cutting Canadian aid to African countries.
Day are night ladybugs eat aphids.
Day argues that as with children, the key to successful learning is motivation.
Day attend Servant about ocean upon a nakona baseball gloves consequently does beneath either straw.
Day avoids the spills, professionally and personally.
Day be too damned caught up.
Day becomes night and work has become play.
Day becomes night for months.
Day becomes night only to become day once again.
Day becomes night, and night becomes day, and that seems to work alright.
Day begins as the ships near the camp.
Day begins to break and the marchers vanish.
Day begins to break, and here comes the sun, and the birds begin to sing one by one.
Day begins to the music of a psalm.
Day begins with worship.
Day believes pesticides and other pollutants are causing cancers in plants, fish and people.
Day believes that water trapped in the volcano is the key.
Day breaks like the shattering of good fortune.
Day breaks over the horizon like a wildebeest charging through a thicket.
Day breaks upon the lovers.
Day breaks with colored comet tails, whistles and reports.
Day brings a host of senior citizens on campus to visit classes and have lunch.
Day can be as murky as figuring out love itself.
Day captures the feeling of the time and the physical setting.
Day certainly has the right to believe the earth is young.
Day classes about a dozen.
Day Come see the program up close and in person.
Day comes to an end.
Day contends the numbers reflect a problem.
Day continues to turn into night and weather effects are just as cool as ever.
Day cruises to sea provide a sea-surround wedding and reception setting day or evening.
Day cruises to south shore villages and jungle waterfalls.
Day dreaming during a boring lecture is a typical example.
Day ends here.
Day ends with a drum performance to which the women sing.
Day even appears to hold a profound disregard for secular, democratic government.
Day exist off most carriage yet hear racquetball racquets.
Day falls to dark and regrets.
Day favors dispersal by dry spore types and night favors wet spore types.
Day floats with or without lunch available.
Day flowering water lilies of the tropical type are the most popular subjects.
Day following upon day, season upon season, can become routine.
Day follows day.
Day follows night and vice versa.
Day follows night unfailingly, as birth is succeeded by death.
Day follows night, spring follows winter.
Day follows night.
Day gets drunk with women.
Day gives many good ideas on how to write a scientific paper.
Day gives to darkness the gaping cottages the fluted fields.
Day grows over water and the silence.
Day Guaranteed is a relatively new service.
Day has big bucks, money given by Phoenix business, lobbyists and political action committees.
Day has good speed, power, hands, makes a big target and plays aggressive.
Day has no chance of winning in the foreseeable future.
Day hikers a little easier, but plenty of bivouc.
Day hikes along the rim or down into the canyon vary in length from four hours to a full day.
Day hikes as well as backcountry trips of several days duration are available.
Day hikes as well as hiking weekends and longer week-long backpacking outings.
Day hikes as well as overnight and longer trips, plus drop camps and more.
Day hikes as well as wilderness trips of several days duration are available.
Day hikes exploring history filled mountains.
Day hikes in a mountainous North Carolina State Park near Charlotte.
Day hikes in the region.
Day hikes now require a permit as well.
Day hikes only.
Day hikes or rides.
Day hikes through spring flowers and fall colors in local state parks and national forests.
Day hikes to pristine beach nearby.
Day hikes with day packs provided - ideal for birdwatching, botany and photography.
Day hiking with feet that hurt is no fun.
Day hire available.
Day includes all camp fees, a morning snack and lunch.
Day includes lectures at The Dive Lodge and practice work on one of our ribs.
Day includes lunch and breaks.
Day includes presentations, prayer and reflection time, and lunch.
Day includes presentations, prayer and reflection, and a very special luncheon.
Day is a certified public accountant.
Day is a day when ground-level ozone has the potential to reach unhealthy levels.
Day is a guy who's completely in it for the music.
Day is a relatively unknown quantity.
Day is a sunbeam Unfolding itself.
Day is also a research associate.
Day is an interesting combination of worldly and rural.
Day is an unusually capable company.
Day is announced.
Day is binnen het toegestane aantal dagen voor de gegeven month .
Day is bright, night is dark.
Day is calculated from lunch to breakfast next day.
Day is carried as editor on the title page but is obviously the author.
Day is celebrated with national dress competitions and food fairs and other exhibitions.
Day is characterized by determined asymmetries and geometric patterns extremely clear.
Day is dark.
Day is dead.
Day is different from night.
Day is done, for work at least.
Day is done.
Day is Done.
Day is done.gone the sun, from the lake, from the hill, from the sky.
Day is equivocal.
Day is exalted about the restoration work going on there.
Day is extremely varied.
Day is for working.
Day is free at leisure to rest, or for exploration of the city.
Day is free.
Day is glare-y loud scary.
Day is here now.
Day is hopeful about next year, however.
Day is inevitable.
Day is issued.
Day is like landscape painting with different moods and colours at different times.
Day is like life, and night is like death.
Day is likely to face a tougher challenge in the general election.
Day is longer than night.
Day is marked as a federal holiday for the first time .
Day is morrow .
Day is no human kaleidoscope.
Day is off to a bad start.
Day is on yon mountain top that veils the eastern sky.
Day is one of the most highly-respected neurosurgeons in the southeast.
Day is over, but reference to lodging is omitted.
Day is philosophical about the outcome.
Day is shorter than night in the winter season.
Day is signified with the crow of a rooster, and night with the howl of a wolf.
Day is simply the day.
Day is slightly longer than night at the equinoxes.
Day is surrounded by experts.
Day is the day number in the year.
Day is the opening and night is the closing of the same world.
Day is the time of light, which is thus opposed to the time of darkness which represents unbelief.
Day is too long - it's impossible to concentrate for seven periods.
Day is wanted on charges of forgery and theft.
Day isa quantity.
Day leads the team in assists with nine.
Day leads the team in assists with seven.
Day learn to score more on the offensive.
Day leave against an option but favored croquet supplies.
Day leaves that questionable gap between reality and science.
Day likes to play around, and also enjoys a good sense of humor.
Day Look for future event calendar here.
Day loves the task.
Day maintains an extensive online database of field trip sites in the Washington, D.C., area.
DAY means a calendar day.
Day means calendar day unless otherwise indicated as business day or school day.
Day means calendar day.
Day means light , which gives a feeling security to most.
Day occurs when our side of the Earth faces the Sun and night occurs when our part faces away.
Day offers Communique, a single solution to create and manage complex Internet platforms.
Day offers the rare course that draws a crowd across disciplines.
Day offers two cognition and teaching courses.
Day opts to ride instead of second choice.
Day paints a healing circle of sun, water, touch, tree and sky.
Day passes allow passengers to ride on any train in a given day.
Day passes also available.
Day passes and memberships are available.
Day passes available.
Day passes only are available at the beach.
Day permits for salmon fishing are available from the local fishing tackle shop.
Day pours out the word to day, and night to night imparts knowledge.
Day quickly points out that holders of procurements cards are held strictly accountable.
Day recommends keeping a hobby for pure enjoyment.
Day recommends spending two percent of replacement costs on building maintenance each year.
Day refers to a calendar day unless otherwise noted.
Day relies on a graphic arts company to scan images and for some page layout.
Day relies on quick wit and a wicked sense of humour.
DAY rests upon an otter hunting in a school of pike.
Day rides available.
Day rides into the valleys and the national park.
Day rides or stay at our lodge or wilderness camp.
Day rides to week long pack trips.
Day rolls over weary day, strategy hardens into habit, and habit into character.
Day runs, and weekend events.
Day sails only.
Day sails with or without sailing instruction.
Day says it's all about respect.
Day says that an ozone hole can drift.
Day says that never before has there been as many options for elderly with special needs.
Day says the biggest barrier to general contractors and the Internet is their size.
Day seems to be the lesser time for many animals.
Day sees a difference in quality between information the user pays for and information that's free.
Day shifts only.
Day shines over the whole world.
Day shows a mature understanding of space and how form fits within.
Day simply exudes a rare serenity.
Day speaks the word unto day, and night unto night proclaims the knowledge.
Day stands somewhere in between.
Day starts very early.
Day starts with a concise review of African origins, family types, religion, politics and skills.
Day starts with a tour of the city in a topless bus.
Day stays aboard.
Day suggests attending seminars on commercial printing.
Day takes a tough stance against homosexual rights and abortion.
Day takes an even stronger view.
Day takes the form of a powerful muscular man.
Day thinks Finland is well-placed for wireless Internet applications and devices.
Day trips down Llano River for both fly fishing and photo opportunities.
Day trips out of the inner city can also be very worthwhile.
Day trips out to the islands and nearby reefs are very inexpensive.
Day trips Things to do and see in the tri-state.
Day turns into evening as boats move along the river.
Day turns into night and the desolation of man is left behind.
Day turns into night into day and night again.
Day turns into night.
Day turns to night and then back to day again in real time baby.
Day turns to night, but it's much more than that.
Day turns to night.
Day urges landowners to find loggers trained in environmental practices.
Day walks out of the TSBD with the rifle.
Day walks, skiing, heli-skiing, horse treks, flightseeing to name a few.
Day wants defense.
Day washes down the city streets with noise.
Day Welcome to a walking tour of Country Day's beautiful campus.
Days also begin growing longer, but very, very slowly.
Days are a little bit shorter in the north of Iceland.
Days are a local station.
Days are all about.
Days are also flexible.
Days are an angler's delight.
Days are arduous, small tasks difficult.
Days are best.
Days are brisk, nights can be chilly.
Days are calendar days on the water.
Days are calendar days.
Days are casual and informal with an emphasis on enjoying Jamaica and Round Hill.
Days are casual.
Days are chilly and nights are cold.
Days are clear and ave.
Days are clear and hot with quite cool nights.
Days are cold and nights are colder.
Days are color-coded to show what type of event or program is planned for that day.
Days are comfortable and nights are cold.
Days are cool and clear, and the radiant fall colors can be seen everywhere.
Days are cool and nights are chilly.
Days are cool and nights are cooler.
Days are crisp, but plesent.
Days are days.
Days are either for sleeping or sightseeing.
Days are endless, nights are long.
Days are eras.
Days are eternal, more time to labor over regrets.
Days are events that can serve to build interest in advanced networked applications for campuses.
Days are expensive.
Days are extremely pleasant and nights can be quite cool.
Days are far from routine at Frantic Films.
Days are fine, it's that early morning and late night stuff.
Days are flexible.
Days are for indulging in such activities as strolling, biking, and trekking.
Days are for the beach and ocean.
Days are for vengeance and nights are for revenge.
Days are free for sleeping, reading, or beach activity.
Days are free to relax at the beach, swimming or boogie boarding in the surf.
Days are frequently quite warm, even in winter, so have shorts and swimware handy.
Days are frequently quite warm, even in winter, so have shorts and swimwear handy.
Days are generally hot and sunny.
Days are generally sunny with crisp evening temperatures.
Days are generally warm to very hot, while nights are generally cool.
Days are generally warm, and nights are cool.
Days are getting shorter, nights are cooler, and the leaves are gradually beginning to change.
Days Are Gone is out now and is still really good.
Days are gone, the night's are long.
Days are gone, the nights are long.
Days are good hard work travelling along the waterways that built a nation.
Days are hectic.
Days Are Here Again.
Days are hot and humid.
Days are hot and muggy, nights are cooler and filled with incredible sounds.
Days are hot but early morning starts are cold.
Days are hot enough here to encourage the gardener to seek shade.
Days are important.
Days are just as bad, the nightmares become the flashbacks.
Days are liable to be warm, while nights are crisp and cool.
Days are life.
Days are light.
Days are limited.
Days are long and hard with both men and women working in the fields and tending the livestock.
Days are long and Mayflies are still abundant.
Days are long and mostly sunny.
Days are long and nights are short.
Days are long and nights short.
Days are long and often comfortably warm.
Days are long and the focus is on outdoor activies.
Days are long and the river is minutes away.
Days are long and varied.
Days are long, occasionally hard, but it is good to be a capitalist.
Days are long.
Days are longer and it's becoming very warm outside.
Days are longer and the snow is deep.
Days are longer in summer than in winter as the sun travels a longer path above the horizon.
Days are longer, winter fat is depleted and many are pregnant with two or three babies.
Days are longer, Words mean more.
Days are longer.
Days are lush and languid.
Days are months.
Days are mostly clear and hot with quite cool nights.
Days are much smaller, so time goes by faster than before.
Days are negotiable if full-time employment is a necessity.
Days are negotiable.
Days are never dull - there is always something happening.
Days are no longer a matter for judging behavior.
Days are normally clear, warm and sunny, but nights range from cool to bitterly cold.
Days are normally warm and sunny while evenings are often chilly in the highlands.
Days are normally warm.
Days are noticeably longer.
Days are numbered in consecutive order starting from that date, which day has number zero.
Days are often crisp and sunny, ideal for walking.
Days are one means.
Days are opportunity.
Days are part of days.
Days are part of months.
Days are part of weeks.
Days are pleasantly warm but nights can be cold.
Days are pleasantly warm, but the nights can be cold.
Days are pleasantly warm, there's no rain, and the leaves are changing color.
Days are pretty full.
Days are short and nights are long.
Days are short and that makes it cold.
Days are short but nights are long to feast and toast with wine and song.
Days are short, it's back to school.
Days are short, nights cold.
Days are short, the nights so long, The gloomy shroud's complete.
Days are short, windy and cold and nights are long and even colder.
Days are short.
Days are shorter in winter, allowing fewer hours of drying heat.
Days are shorter than nights.
Days are shorter, which can make people feel depressed.
Days are shorter.
Days are slow and easy.
Days are so short now, too.
Days are spent deep underground in burrows that are both cooler and higher in humidity than outside.
Days are still long and the weather is ideal for sightseeing and other open air activities.
Days are sunny and evenings are perfect for a stroll.
Days are sunny and hot, and air conditioning is a novelty.
Days are sunny and it's almost too beautiful here, like a promise destined to be broken.
Days are sunny and mild with no wind.
Days are sunny and temperatures are mild - perfect sweatshirt weather.
Days are sunny and warm, nights cool.
Days are sunny and warm.
Days are sunny with slight breezes, while nights are moderate and cooler.
Days are sunny, and nights are warm.
Days are sunny, or they're rainy.
Days are the days on which the course section meets.
Days are the perfect temperature for gardening and nights are just right for resting.
Days are time periods.
Days are time units.
Days are time.
Days are to be entered using the number value for each day of the week.
Days are typically sunny with only slight chance of light rain.
Days are usually sunny and comfortable, low humidity is the norm.
Days are usually sunny and warm with occasional cloud cover.
Days are usually sunny and warm, but nights are cold.
Days are usually sunny and warm, with cooler temperatures in the evening.
Days are usually warm and sunny, and nights are refreshingly cool.
Days are usually warm in that period and nights cool.
Days are very short, nights long and dark.
Days are very warm whilst nights are fairly cool.
Days are very warm, while nights are fairly cool.
Days are warm and evenings are cool.
Days are warm and evenings mild even during winter months.
Days are warm and generally sunny and nights are cool.
Days are warm and nights are cool.
Days are warm and nights comfortably cool.
Days are warm and sunny - sunscreen is strongly recommended.
Days are warm and sunny for swimming, fishing, biking, golfing or just plain loafing.
Days are warm and sunny, humidity is low and evenings are cool and clear.
Days are warm and sunny, though nighttime temperature can take a dip.
Days are warm and usually sunny although rain showers come and go.
Days are warm but nights are still cold.
Days are warm' but the nights are often cool.
Days are warm, and evenings are cool year round.
Days are warm, bright and sunny.
Days are warm, nights are cool, and the humidity is comfortably low.
Days are warm, sunny, and often breezy.
Days are warm, while evenings are cool.
Days are weeks.
Days are work time.
Days are years.
Days are, in fact, quite warm while the nights pleasantly cool.
Days away create community, times for prayer and play.
Days basically shuts down for two weeks.
Days become very short in the winter and very long in the summer.
Days become weeks, and weeks become months, and opportunities are lost.
Days begin and end here with the zipper noise.
Days begin at midnight rather than noon.
Days begin at sunset .
Days begin at sunset the previous evening.
Days begin at true solar midnight.
Days begin before the first light of day and invariably end well after sundown.
Days begin in the field photographing dawn and sunrise.
Days begin to cool and shorten, and there is a strong hint of high-country fall.
Days begin to get longer in the spring, and then begin to get shorter in the fall.
Days begin to pass without prayer.
Days begin with an international buffet breakfast.
Days begin with fresh brewed coffee and a full country breakfast.
Days begins strongly.
Days can be bad, weeks can be worse, expect a dip or two each month.
Days can be bright and sunny or rainy.
Days can be either sunny and dry or damp and rainy.
Days can be humid in the forests and windy above treeline.
Days can be long, relief scarce, on-calls frequent and vacations limited.
Days can be warm and the crevasses are bridged.
Days can come to be seen as obstacles to be overcome, rather than to be lived fully.
Days can end in the glow of a wood fire as the sun sinks below distant ridges.
Days can go by without a pat on the back or a hug in the hallway.
Days can go by without hearing any Spanish.
Days can pass before a user realizes a computer is tainted.
Days can still be warm, but nights are chilly.
Days can t arrive fast enough.
Days can vary from hot and humid, to pleasant, to cold and rainy.
Days Click on link for more information.
Days Click the answer button to see the correct answer.
Days combine to form weeks, weeks to months, and months create years.
Days come, nights fall.
Days containing ages sounds strange.
Days Covers everyone in a single, non-commercial vehicle for one week.
Days crept by.
Days do vary some.
Days end early at the site.
Days end often finds East Bay abuzz with human activity.
Days end with an execution by the citizens.
Days Enter the number of days in the billing period shown on the electric bill.
Days equals the number of days after implantation of an HuD expressing tumor.
Days fill quickly, especially during the school year.
Days flip past in chunks of fake light, and the intercourse is placed in the back of the mind.
Days following nights with full moons are usually slow because fish have feeding all night.
Days get longer and longer every day.
Days get longer and longer.
Days get short, so plan to bring a good book and a headlamp.
Days get shorter and nights longer.
Days get very full.
Days getting longer, internal clock is all out of whack.
Days Go By .
Days go by and still nothing from official sources.
Days go by and their conditions only worsen.
Days go by fast, and sleep comes easily in the northwoods night.
Days go by then seasons.
Days go by without hearing a plane or boat.
Days go by without seeing sunlight or breathing fresh air.
Days go by without word.
Days go by, and nothing happens.
Days go by, and the androids are still a menace in endangering the Earth.
Days go by, and they are reduced to living like animals.
Days go by.
Days go on and on.
Days go passing by.
Days Gone By North Vancouver is rich in history.
Days gradually become longer, as the position of the sun climbs in the sky.
Days gradually lengthen toward more sunlight.
Days grow long when old skills are lost and familiar surroundings change.
Days grow shorter and nights grow longer.
Days grow shorter and nights take over with their growing darkness.
Days grow shorter toward the end of a notebook.
Days grow shorter, earth's pride palls, lordship is poorer.
Days grow shorter.
Days has a lot planned for the sweeps but most all of it centers around the coronation storyline.
Days has plots where people's memories are erased and new ones are placed in their heads.
Days have (part) daylight.
Days have (part) daytimes.
Days have (part) hours.
Days have (part) middays.
Days have (part) midnights.
Days have (part) mins.
Days have (part) minutes.
Days have (part) mornings.
Days have (part) nights.
Days have (part) nighttime.
Days have (part) noons.
Days here stay light longer and are hot and very humid.
Days involves several conflicting impulses.
Days is a cheesy, unbelievable mockery of a soap.
Days is marked by militant muslim demonstrations.
Days keep passing.
Days lazily stretch out under a friendly sun.
Days lengthen and shorten around the work day.
Days listed are only dates of competition.
Days listed in blue have events scheduled.
Days mean continually.
Days mean dollars.
Days mean more.
Days melt into months.
Days never return.
DAYS Note downward curvature of the tail.
Days off are cumulative.
Days off are important.
Days off are non-race days.
Days off are rare, but the entire season lasts only about three weeks.
Days off are rare.
Days off are such a nice thing.
Days off are the best.
Days off are very important to French workers.
Days off can be either consecutive weekdays or a weekend day plus a weekday.
Days off vary according to the assigned shift.
Days offshore begin with workouts, brunches, joking around and some chores.
Days only have twenty-four hours.
Days pass and the boy's bafflement rises.
Days pass before dairy kids really get up and move around on their long, somewhat unsteady legs.
Days pass but the markers of our ordinary life seem far away.
Days pass in visit.
Days pass like papers from a press.
Days pass pleasantly enough for cabin passengers.
Days pass serenely.
Days pass without a word, so the fish asks again.
Days pass, and the guests quarrel and fight.
Days pass, full of inconsequential incidents, until a small parcel arrives.
Days pass, in fact.
Days pass, then weeks.
Days range in the mid-seventies with nights cool down to the lower to mid forties.
Days refer to Schedule .
Days seem like minutes pasting by.
Days seem to drag.
Days seems right.
Days shift available.
Days shorten, shadows lengthen and bears retreat to their dens.
Days slide underfoot, pass from front to back like buck ets of debris in a rescue brigade.
Days soon become weeks, months, years etc.
Days spent in that school are still like fresh roses and memories are crystal clear.
Days start early here.
Days start getting longer and nights shorter.
Days start getting longer and the sun starts shining more.
Days start off with a hearty breakfast then skiff transportation to that days chosen location.
Days start off with a hearty breakfast then skiff transportation to that day's chosen location.
Days start to get longer.
Days stick in the mind .
Days stretch a desert of waiting hours drag their heels in the forest living on bread crumbs.
Days stretch open at both ends, breaking into sleep.
Days tend to be warm and sunny, and nights are brisk.
Days tumble by clumsily.
Days turn into weeks and months and years.
Days turn into weeks and then into months as time just flies by.
Days turn into weeks and weeks, months.
Days turn into weeks, which become months, and finally years.
Days turn into weeks.
Days turn into years.
Days turn to minutes, and minutes to memories.
Days turn to night.
Days turn to weeks, and weeks turn to months.
Days vanish like a boat wake in turquoise waters.
Days vary according to community.
Days vary according to funding.
Days vary according to school.
Days vary according to weather and group riding skills.
Days vary at locations.
Days vary by season.
Days vary by the season.
Days vary due to daylight saving time, while months have different lengths.
Day frequently switches to night and back again within the same scene.
Days often begin clear, but clouds build by mid-morning.
All Day Closed Please fill in all information.
All day fest featuring many bands.
All day fly fishing trips on the Bow River and alpine lakes.
All day includes an abdominal workout.
All day includes biking and kayaking and a fresh picnic lunch.
All day is best.
All day is complete with periodic gunfights, stage shows and hangings.
All day is dedicated to swimming, snorkeling, sunbathing and relaxing.
All day is fine.
All day lectures.
All Day Look for messages about body image and self-esteem on campus mirrors.
All day orchard visits in the Angers region.
All day orchard visits in the Bodensee region.
All day orchard visits in the South Tyrol district.
All day passes available.
All day play available most weekends.
All day rides and use of fishing boats on Amethyst Lake are free of charge.
All day there is a chance for a lucky message or a good opportunity.
All day there is a chance for a message or call from a past love.
All day there is a great coming and going of lads, of whom many converse only by gestures.
All day there is nothing but surfing.
All day wear.
All days are calendar days.
All days are different unto themselves.
All days are different.
All days are free admission to the park.
All days are lecture.
All days are present now.
All days are sad that end on shorter days.
All days are subject to change.
All days are the same.
All days bear the imprint of thy goodness, but today thy goodness brims over.
All days begin and end at sunset.
All days begin the previous evening at sunset, and end at sunset.
All days depend on the availability of our clergy.
All Days Fill out the form to get a FREE sample of All Days breathable pantiliners.
All days make their end.
All days start with a prayer and traditional voice.
Any day can be a day at the beach with our beach in a bottle.
Any day can be a summit day.
Any day can be laundry day.
Any day here provides a legitimate shot for a fish in the seven pound class.
Any day is a good day for the beach.
Any day is a good day to have a mother.
Any day is a good day to make a new beginning.
Any day is a good day to run a good time.
Any day is a great day to check out the Crystal Cave.
Any Day is a humorous, witty, heart-warming collection of youthful wisdom and malaprops.
Any day is fine.
Any day is good.
Any day is great for walking on the beach and watching the sea birds.
Any day is ok for the first student.
Any day is OK, as long as two or three show up.
Any day is selected as long as the preferred shift is honored.
Any day is sunnier when it's brightened by a smile.
Any day is the right day to show that certain someone the 'spark' is still there.
Any Day so stop in and see our friendly, professional staff.
Any day there's a big dust storm or a power outage.
Any day works.
Every day allows a completely fresh start when necessary.
Every Day are fun, educational and thought-provoking.
Every Day Be alert to potential faucet and toilet leaks throughout the house.
Every day be sure to play in the classroom.
Every day bears witness to their gentle rule.
Every day becomes a challenge as more files are created.
Every day becomes creation, a new journey to be enjoyed.
Every day becomes our database bigger and bigger, every day new trails .
Every day begins and ends with burning sage, sweetgrass or cedar in and around the facility.
Every day begins with a classroom session incorporating slides and a lecture.
Every day begins with a Morning Meeting.
Every day begins with prayers.
Every day brings a different challenge.
Every day brings a different group of visitors and a different job for the rangers.
Every day brings a different performance and an examination of some aspect of theatre.
Every day brings a different perspective on a hot, timely, or perennial topic.
Every day brings a fresh challenge to stimulate creativity and develop imagination.
Every day brings a fresh challenge.
Every day brings a little annunciation of one sort or another.
Every day brings a new adventure full of learning and fun.
Every day brings a new adventure.
Every day brings a new argument, a new battle.
Every day brings a new challange and new excitement.
Every day brings a new challenge to our engineers.
Every day brings a new challenge.
Every day brings a new development one that sounds vaguely like an old development.
Every day brings a new discovery in astronomy.
Every day brings a new experience and a new understanding of things.
Every day brings a new headline in the matter of the endangerment of our old growth forests.
Every day brings a new idea and a new challenge.
Every day brings a new megamerger in telecommunications, airlines and banking.
Every day brings a new opportunity.
Every day brings a new problem to our attention.
Every day brings a new project and a new subject.
Every day brings a new surprise and each is better than the previous day.
Every day brings a new surprise.
Every day brings a new tool or feature designed for ease of use.
Every day brings a new toy or technique to the Web.
Every day brings a new trail, new sights and new experiences.
Every day brings a new update, patch or security alert.
Every day brings additional news of public health successes at the state and local level.
Every day brings an explosion of newly formed newsgroups, bulletin board topics, and mailing lists.
Every day brings another advance, another leap forward.
Every day brings another positive surprise.
Every day brings another rush into the courtroom.
Every day brings different advice about how to eat, live, and exercise right.
Every day brings different challenges and the necessity to think on ones feet.
Every day brings either something new or a new angle to an old subject.
Every day brings fresh challenges and opportunities to match.
Every day brings fresh evidence that our China policy is now indistinguishable from appeasement.
Every day brings fresh news of creative uses to which computers can be put.
Every day brings in voluminous mail.
Every day brings it closer.
Every day brings it nearer despite all attempts to play it down and compromise.
Every day brings more bad news.
Every day brings more blessing and greater self-expression.
Every day brings more sorrow.
Every day brings new adventures and new challenges.
Every day brings new adventures and new goals to achieve.
Every day brings new adventures for both tourists and residents.
Every day brings new challenges and ideas.
Every day brings new challenges and new rewards.
Every day brings new challenges and new things to do.
Every day brings new challenges and new things to learn.
Every day brings new challenges and opportunities for disaster or ecstasy.
Every day brings new challenges and rewards.
Every day brings new challenges to the members of the department.
Every day brings new challenges, some triumphs and occasional disappointments.
Every day brings new challenges, whether in the form or a family crisis or a disputed election.
Every day brings new challenges.
Every day brings new closures and lay-offs.
Every day brings new developments in research, changes in policies, variations in pricing.
Every day brings new developments in technology and new opportunities for cutting-edge legal work.
Every day brings new discoveries.
Every day brings new evidence of the breakneck pace of the changes that are currently underway.
Every day brings new experiences, new friends, new challenges.
Every day brings new growth and discovery, all without end or limits.
Every day brings new indications of disquietude and convulsion.
Every day brings new investments and more strangers.
Every day brings new ones.
Every day brings new opportunities.
Every day brings new opportunity for to advance another woman.
Every day brings new problems and often, new solutions to the problems.
Every day brings new products and services.
Every day brings new products, new ideas, new developments, and new opportunities.
Every day brings new reports of unspeakable acts.
Every day brings new requests for information, additions and expanded resources.
Every day brings new revelations about the scope of the industry's conspiracy.
Every day brings new sites to visit and advertisements to ignore.
Every day brings new stories for journalists to tackle.
Every day brings new words and greater ease of translation.
Every day brings news of fresh layoffs.
Every day brings news of more bloodshed from war, terrorism, social unrest, or sick crime.
Every day brings opportunities to make a difference.
Every day brings some good results.
Every day brings some greater good.
Every day brings some new job fences down, beans in, corn up, blackberries out.
Every day brings something different.
Every day brings something new and interesting.
Every day brings something new to talk about over dinner, something better than the day before.
Every day brings something new, though some projects are pretty mundane and straight up.
Every day brings something new.
Every day brings surprises and opportunities to do things that matter.
Every day brings that predestined day closer.
Every day brings the discovery of an exciting new species.
Every day brings the indignity of slammed doors, cheap hotels and appalling roadside diners.
Every day brings with it new challenges.
Every day brings with it the potential for another person to discover life abundantly.
Every day brings word of some new outrage-either white against black or vice versa.
Every day brings word of their doings.
Every day buckets of excavators gnaw the land.
Every day calls to soften the law get louder.
Every day can be a good butt day.
Every day can be a great day to ride even if the weather is terrible.
Every day can be a new adventure when discovering how every day is a special day.
Every day can be an adventure.
Every day can be different.
Every day can be Earth Day if people care about the environment.
Every day can be new and exciting.
Every day can bring about a new case with new obligations.
Every day can bring new ideas.
Every day can bring on a new object to lust after.
Every day can have a total of twenty points.
Every day change the leaves and provide dry paper towels to help prevent mold.
Every day come back and do a few new topics, and review some old ones.
Every day comes out with new problem and struggle.
Every day contains a post nap dance session which is a very joy-filled affair.
Every day continues to be an honor.
Every day counts in building wealth.
Every day counts in the Internet age.
Every day counts in today s fast-paced development environment.
Every day counts, and the children become harder to reach.
Every day counts, just like in a job.
Every day counts.
Every day covers different ground, with lots of variety in the landscape.
Every day delays our ability to know.
Every day deserves a little candlelight.
Every day do something active.
Every day does.
Every day ends at the pool with a well deserved cool-down swim.
Every day ends late.
Every day ends with small group devotions conducted in each dormitory.
Every day equals a week in normal schedules.
Every day exacts the cost of drawstring.
Every day expect an interesting a very humourous response to the question of the day.
Every day explore a different area of Tuscan wine country - visiting a winery and seeing the sites.
Every day feels light as a feather.
Every day feels like two.
Every day find at least five things to praise.
Every day find something to sell, give away, throw out or burn.
Every day find the best new cool sites.
Every day flies by full of math, writing, and tons of fun projects.
Every day get out and be with other people in some way.
Every day gets a little better.
Every day gets a little easier.
Every day gets better.
Every day gets just a little easier.
Every day give something to someone.
Every day gives rise to a new demand.
Every day has a different element.
Every day has a different routine.
Every day has a different theme and every hour a different image, bit of text, stray animation.
Every day has a peak time for feeding and a minor time for feeding as well.
Every day has an afternoon market, there are many enough places to eat, and boarding is easy.
Every day has it's ups and downs.
Every day has moments of connection with the divine spirit.
Every day has something in it worth writing down, something worth singing about.
Every day has the opportunity to be something new and something special.
Every day has to be filled with something meaningful.
Every day has to count.
Every day has unavoidable delays, waits, and time between events.
Every day have the children check the yam for signs of root and leaf growth.
Every day have the students mark the weather on their tally sheet.
Every day here is a full day.
Every day here is longer and longer.
Every day holds a new adventure.
Every day holds a new challenge.
Every day holds promise of a new disaster.
Every day holds the potential for skill development or process improvement.
Every day hundreds more direct primary sources are made available.
Every day includes time for stories.
Every day increases the risk.
Every day is a bad hair day.
Every day is a balance of inner-work, play, education, and time to recharge, reflect and heal.
Every day is a balancing act.
Every day is a battle for normality.
Every day is a battle in a way.
Every day is a battle to receive the care needed.
Every day is a battle.
Every day is a blast.
Every day is a blessing.
Every day is a bonus, enjoy it to no end.
Every day is a bonus.
Every day is a brand new day, one that has never been used, touched, opened, or smelled.
Every day is a brand new game.
Every day is a bright new opportunity.
Every day is a celebration of life, fun and friendship.
Every day is a celebration.
Every day is a challenge and an opportunity to grow creatively.
Every day is a challenge because every transaction is different.
Every day is a challenge for a toddler.
Every day is a challenge in Atlanta, especially with trying to figure out the short cuts.
Every day is a challenge in meeting students' financial needs.
Every day is a challenge to every member of the paint shop.
Every day is a challenge, and every day requires courage.
Every day is a challenge, every day presents something new.
Every day is a challenge.
Every day is a chance for change.
Every day is a chance to get better.
Every day is a chance to remember that very simply idea.
Every day is a choice, and every interaction is an opportunity to choose anew.
Every day is a chore to face.
Every day is a class room experience.
Every day is a completely different day.
Every day is a completely different thing, other than the kids and stuff.
Every day is a compromise.
Every day is a confrontational mess of negative feelings, mistrust and bitter emotions.
Every day is a day full of promise.
Every day is a decathlon.
Every day is a different activity.
Every day is a different challenge.
Every day is a different day.
Every day is a different topic, a different story.
Every day is a different view and a different story.
Every day is a discussion day.
Every day is a drama, with heroes and firemen and detectives each playing their role.
Every day is a dream date come true.
Every day is a faded sign.
Every day is a festival of historical proportion.
Every day is a festival of music, food, shops, and fun for people of all ages.
Every day is a field trip.
Every day is a fight for survival and for food.
Every day is a fight.
Every day is a fresh beginning.
Every day is a gamble.
Every day is a gift and every moment a moment of grace.
Every day is a gift- even if it sucks.
Every day is a gift.
Every day is a god, each day is a god, and holiness holds forth in time.
Every day is a golden treasure chest full of things to learn.
Every day is a good day .
Every day is a good day for chocolate.
Every day is a good day to appreciate the glass half full.
Every day is a good day to dive and every dive is better than being stuck in some office.
Every day is a good day to live.
Every day is a good day to quilt . . .
Every day is a good day to start new.
Every day is a good day, proclaims the hand-written Japanese calligraphy hanging in the alcove.
Every day is a good day.
Every day is a great accomplishment.
Every day is a great day for fishing.
Every day is a great day for hockey.
Every day is a great day to start building tomorrows.
Every day is a great day.
Every day is a happy day.
Every day is a holiday in remembrance for something.
Every day is a holiday is cyberspace.
Every day is a holiday.
Every day is a holy day.
Every day is a joke on the Internet.
Every day is a journey, and in the journey itself, one finds a home.
Every day is a learning experience and an expression of our creative vision of the world.
Every day is a learning experience in college.
Every day is a learning experience.
Every day is a learning opportunity.
Every day is a learning process.
Every day is a learning, growing experience.
Every day is a lesson in volunteerism for our students.
Every day is a lie.
Every day is a life in miniature .
Every day is a little better.
Every day is a little bit better.
Every day is a little brighter and better.
Every day is a little different.
Every day is a little more.
Every day is a losing battle to prevent a complete take-over.
Every day is a miracle.
Every day is a new activity which makes for a great vacation.
Every day is a new adventure and another day of making more memories.
Every day is a new adventure and the ride is a learning experience.
Every day is a new adventure and they are eager and ready to turn that corner.
Every day is a new adventure filled with the thoughts and ideas which shape our curriculum.
Every day is a new adventure in blue water sailing.
Every day is a new adventure.
Every day is a new and different day.
Every day is a new and unique journey to become real.
Every day is a new battle for the human body as microscopic intruders try to muscle their way in.
Every day is a new beginning for all, no matter what the past has been.
Every day is a new beginning with endless possibilities.
Every day is a new beginning, just remember that it also has it's ending.
Every day is a new beginning.
Every day is a new challenge and a new possibility.
Every day is a new challenge and experience.
Every day is a new challenge, but the rewards are worth working for.
Every day is a new challenge.
Every day is a new creation, a new challenge.
Every day is a new day added to our history, our heritage and our purpose.
Every day is a new day filled with interesting challenges.
Every day is a new day with a new beginning.
Every day is a new day with new challenges to tackle.
Every day is a new day, a new chance for success.
Every day is a new day, and a new life.
Every day is a new day, every day is a new life.
Every day is a new day, promising hope and forgiveness and a chance to do better next time.
Every day is a new day.
Every day is a new discovery.
Every day is a new experience in China.
Every day is a new experience.
Every day is a new learning experience.
Every day is a new low in too-cute moments, daily affirmations and warm fuzzies.
Every day is a new opportunity to ask more questions and see what happens.
Every day is a new opportunity to learn, a new chance to grow.
Every day is a new opportunity to pick up our cross and die to our fleshly natures.
Every day is a new opportunity.
Every day is a new rave.
Every day is a new revelation in the Anglican faith.
Every day is a new set of challenges.
Every day is a new start.
Every day is a new test and challenge.
Every day is a new world, A new calendar.
Every day is a new, growing, learning experience with a child around.
Every day is a nice day, generally.
Every day is a nightmare, with too many emotions to cope with.
Every day is a pad thai day.
Every day is a perfect day to go swimming or play golf.
Every day is a perfect day.
Every day is a precious gift.
Every day is a precious memory to be stored for the future.
Every day is a precious one.
Every day is a precious present.
Every day is a race for electricians and spare parts.
Every day is a rare and unprecedented opportunity to learn and to have fun.
Every Day is a renewal, every morning the daily miracle.
Every day is a school day.
Every day is a search and recover mission, every day a day of mourning, a search for the dead.
Every day is a sentence or maybe several paragraphs.
Every day is a series of secret pulls and tugs.
Every day is a set of traps that one needs to guard against.
Every day is a setup of different challenges, and definitely different victories.
Every day is a sexual rollercoaster ride and mature babes are the horniest sluts in the world.
Every day is a struggle for women's rights.
Every day is a struggle to find the perfect home for the animals.
Every day is a struggle to get by.
Every day is a struggle to survive amid constant fears of bombing and raids.
Every day is a struggle, and every breath a fight for survival.
Every day is a struggle.
Every day is a surprise.
Every day is a teaching and learning opportunity.
Every day is a tennis carnival day.
Every day is a total bore.
Every day is a tragedy.
Every day is a training day.
Every day is a treasure hunt for workers in the office of unclaimed property.
Every day is a true adventure.
Every day is a vacation day.
Every day is a victory.
Every day is a walk in the park, every afternoon to the days turn dark.
Every day is a week.
Every day is a winding road.
Every day is a working day.
Every day is action-packed .
Every day is always interesting and exciting.
Every day is an action and a focus toward ultimate realities.
Every day is an adventure in discovery, wholeness, and growth.
Every day is an adventure in our house.
Every day is an adventure to be lived.
Every day is an adventure waiting to happen.
Every day is an adventure with a puppy.
Every day is an adventure with new challenges to meet, and new problems to solve.
Every day is an adventure with time to explore and time to spend together.
Every day is an adventure, a time to explore and learn.
Every day is an adventure, finding out new things and learning from Tiddlypeeps.
Every day is an adventure.
Every day is an anniversary of something.
Every day is an appointment with destiny, impossible to erase or to repeat.
Every day is an educational effort.
Every day is an exciting learning day in the life of a preschool child.
Every day is an exploration.
Every day is an important learning opportunity for all children.
Every day is an incredible gift.
Every day is an interview.
Every Day is an Occasion.
Every day is an open day .
Every day is an opportunity for education.
Every day is an opportunity for parents to listen to their children.
Every day is an opportunity in itself.
Every day is an opportunity to do a little better.
Every day is an opportunity to improve.
Every day is an opportunity to learn.
Every day is an opportunity to live, to really live and experience.
Every day is an opportunity to make a difference.
Every day is an opportunity to place positive events or negative events into our lives.
Every day is an opportunity to take advantage of.
Every day is another adventure.
Every day is another challenge.
Every day is another chance and charge to become a new character.
Every day is another day of being the head clerk of our own complaint department.
Every day is another drop.
Every day is another learning experience.
Every day is another step.
Every day is another stress on unprotected species at risk.
Every day is another time out.
Every day is beautiful .
Every day is beautiful doing mundane things.
Every day is beautiful.
Every day is best.
Every day IS better and better.
Every day is bizarre.
Every day is bracelet day .
Every day is brand new.
Every day is breathtakingly different.
Every day is busy patrolling and helping out in the library, responsibilities of fifth graders.
Every day is casual day, says an insider, though that source notes gradations of casual.
Every day is casual day.
Every day is child's health day.
Every day is christmas.
Every day is color-coded and includes teaching objectives and daily pacing suggestions.
Every day is considered a calendar day.
Every day is critical.
Every day is devoted to aligning an instructional program with standards and benchmarks.
Every day is diet day.
Every day is different - so no one thing pops out as being a problem.
Every day is different and a challenge.
Every day is different and every day offers opportunities for genuine and valuable contribution.
Every day is different and every game is different.
Every day is different and every personality is different.
Every day is different and every sailing spot is unique and challenging in it's conditions.
Every day is different and exciting.
Every day is different and full of wonderful and special moments with kids and youths.
Every day is different and has been for the past twenty-five years.
Every day is different and no day is ever boring.
Every day is different and the interaction between people is the most important thing that happens.
Every day is different and unpredictable.
Every day is different and, generally, interesting.
Every day is different but the night are all the same.
Every day is different from the day before.
Every day is different here.
Every day is different in some way.
Every day is different in the auction business.
Every day is different now.
Every day is different with new challenges.
Every day is different with new problems and responsibilities to face.
Every day is different, and comes with new challenges and problems to be fixed.
Every day is different, and enjoyable.
Every day is different, and every child has many activities to choose from throughout the day.
Every day is different, and no matter what's happened in the past, anyone can beat anyone else.
Every day is different, and no wedding is the same.
Every day is different, and that's what makes the job exciting.
Every day is different, and the work is ever changing.
Every day is different, and the work is never mundane.
Every day is different, depending on the court calendar.
Every day is different, every day a surprise.
Every day is different, every day is a challenge.
Every day is different, every person is unique and no two challenges are the same.
Every day is different, every season is different, every year is different.
Every day is different, hiking with our friendly lesbian and gay group in Europe.
Every day is different, some better then others.
Every day is different, the end is always the same.
Every day is different, with so many new people coming in and new camps going up.
Every day is different.
Every day is difficult.
Every day is do or die.
Every day is doomsday, or so the public is led to believe.
Every day is Earth Day at The Nature Conservancy.
Every day is earth day for a forester.
Every day is Earth Day in the oil and gas industry.
Every day is Earth Day on our farm.
Every day is Earth Day to the people who own and work the land.
Every day is Earth Day.
Every Day is Earth Day.
Every day is easier and better, if that's possible.
Every day is exciting because each case is different.
Every day is exciting, every day is fun.
Every day is exciting, interesting and wonderful.
Every day is exciting.
Every Day is extremely flexible.
Every day is filled in with a version of the same stylized wave.
Every day is filled with a sense of achievement.
Every day is filled with a sense of completion.
Every day is filled with a variety of age appropriate workshops.
Every day is filled with anticipation.
Every day is filled with chaos.
Every day is filled with educational, recreational, social, and spiritual opportunities.
Every day is filled with expectations as one waits to see the result of a plant breeding program.
Every day is filled with happiness, fun, and fulfillment.
Every day is filled with learning.
Every day is filled with miracles.
Every day is filled with opportunities.
Every day is filled with opportunity.
Every day is filled with slippery rocks and sharp sticks.
Every day is filled with so many opportunities to experience the richness of life.
Every day is filled with untapped potential.
Every day is formal and every day, the cuisine is superb.
Every day is frenetic.
Every day is fresh and new just as one s life is new each day.
Every day is full of adventure and joyful noise.
Every day is full of awkward moments.
Every day is full of challenges.
Every day is full of discoveries, as well as new challenges.
Every day is full of fun and surprises.
Every day is full of laughter and fun.
Every day is full of meaningful activities.
Every day is full of medical miracles.
Every day is full of new possibilities, and every situation is different.
Every day is full of possibilities and the joy of discovery.
Every day is full of sightseeing and visiting.
Every day is full of small opportunities to learn and grow.
Every day is full of variety.
Every day is full, every day is different, every day is fun.
Every day is full.
Every day is fun.
Every day is game day.
Every Day is Game Day.
Every day is golden.
Every day is gone into with gratitude.
Every day is good.
Every day is greener.
Every day is hard.
Every day is highlighted by a special field trip.
Every day is holy.
Every day is hum-drum and every hour uneventful.
Every day is important to enhance and solve the mystery of life.
Every day is important.
Every day is inspiration.
Every day is interesting, and each phone call brings something different.
Every day is interesting.
Every day is just as important as another.
Every day is Labor Day in the South.
Every day is lei day in Hawaii.
Every day is life.
Every day is like a festival.
Every day is like a party.
Every day is like a saw taking a knick out of that tree.
Every day is like an adventure.
Every day is like another chapter in Isaac's growth.
Every day is like that.
Every day is like the last.
Every day is like the Persian Gulf War.
Every day is like the third round of the playoffs.
Every day is lonelier than the last, and life has no purpose or meaning.
Every day is made up of doing a little bit of both.
Every day is marked with some special event.
Every day is market day on the information highway.
Every day is memorable.
Every day is Memorial Day Visit the Pennsylvania Memorial Day site.
Every day is mild, but ends like lightning.
Every day is miserable for the depressed, but a lighthearted man has a continual feast.
Every day is more enlightening than the day before.
Every day is more stressful.
Every day is mother's day.
Every day is much the same as the day before.
Every day is new and different with challenges to face.
Every day is new and different.
Every day is new and exciting.
Every day is new in terms of learning and absorbing .
Every day is new with different people, new situations.
Every day is New Year's Eve.
Every day is new.
Every day is nothing but a joyous and fulfilling adventure.
Every day is on the increase.
Every day is one giant to-do list.
Every day is one miracle after another.
Every day is one that is gone forever.
Every day is open mike day.
Every day is our birth, a new chance to prevail.
Every day is our day.
Every day is our students' future.
Every day is packed full of events.
Every day is packed with events.
Every day is packed with sailing as well as unexpected challenges.
Every day is pain.
Every day is payday.
Every day is precious, and one without growth is squandered.
Every day is precious.
Every day is pretty crazy.
Every day is quite an adventure in learning.
Every day is relentless, usually starting at dawn and going right through to the late evening.
Every day is sacred, every moment is an opportunity for remembering our Oneness.
Every day is scheduled.
Every day is separate.
Every day is silent and gray. . .
Every Day is simple.
Every day is so incredibly different.
Every day is so rewarding.
Every day is somebody s tournament day, with no slack days for turfgrass recovery.
Every day is someone's last.
Every day is something different.
Every day is something new and different.
Every day is something new.
Every day is space travel.
Every day is special at The Lodges at Lost Maples .
Every day is special for someone.
Every day is special.
Every day is spent either in study of scriptures or meditation or teaching to lay people.
Every day is spent going to classes and doing homework.
Every day is spent striving for quality improvement and superior customer service.
Every day is still a push and shove through life with nothing to do but live.
Every day is sunny and bright, with a few white clouds going by.
Every day is sunshine and it never rains.
Every day is that once.
Every day is the death of the old and every minute is the resurrection of the new.
Every day is the key.
Every day is the last day.
Every day is the Sabbath.
Every day is the same now.
Every day is the same old crap.
Every day is the same, though.
Every day is the same, with the same people.
Every day is the same.
Every day is the start of a new year.
Every day is the Super Bowl.
Every day is the worst day.
Every day is theme day.
Every day is today.
Every day is torture.
Every day is totally different.
Every day is tough.
Every day is traded for a jewel to be guarded by the soul.
Every day is treated with no less and no more priority than any other day.
Every day is uncertain, and our homes are tents.
Every day is unique.
Every day is unpredictable, says Lucas.
Every day is very busy.
Every day is very different.
Every day is vibrant.
Every day is wash day in a relocation center.
Every day is worse than the day before.
Every day is worth that train ride home.
Every day is, but today was a little special.
Every day is, in a certain sense, a crucifixion, a nailing of self on the cross.
Every day is, therefore, a gift and every tree and animal a brother and sister.
Every day just comes and goes.
Every day just gets better.
Every day just keeps getting better.
Every Day Keep the Doctor Away.
Every day leads to something new.
Every day learn about a different ecosystem and the animals that live there.
Every day learn something new.
Every day learn the work given in lectures.
Every day Let's Go takes tourists in Amsterdam on bike tours just outside Amsterdam.
Every day looks different.
Every day makes a difference.
Every day makes that goal more likely.
Every day means a new chapter in a book and a new chapter in the life of a person.
Every day means a step closer to that reality.
Every day means breathing life into a new venture.
Every day means each day.
Every day more come from all corners of the country.
Every day now is an audition for next year.
Every day now is better than the one before.
Every day now is different because the flowers and the trees are bringing fresh surprises.
Every day observe, compare, and record how the plants are growing.
Every day offer a variety of healthful foods from which a child can choose.
Every day offers a combination of intensive instruction and actual sailing.
Every day offers a story and tomorrow's another day.
Every day offers diverse experiences.
Every day offers new choices about cleanliness.
Every day offers new exploration and discoveries.
Every day offers new sceneries and new experiences by visiting new ports.
Every day offers new scenery and a different surprise.
Every day offers some other relationship challenge and life hurdle to surmount.
Every day offers windows of learning for children.
Every day opens up with an eye-opening image and a pair of cool links.
Every day presents a new and interesting challenge.
Every day presents a new challenge, and a new puzzle to figure out.
Every day presents a new possibility.
Every day presents a new stimulus.
Every day presents challenges.
Every day presents new challenges.
Every day presents new opportunities for promoting, following-up and networking.
Every day presents new requirements and calls for new responses.
Every day presents one more notch up the learning curve.
Every day presents riddles without clues - challenges dressed as problems.
Every day proves to be an opportunity to meet a new friend or indulge in an exciting experience.
Every Day provides easy steps anyone can take to make their lives more rewarding.
Every day provides the opportunity to meet with interesting people.
Every day puts more workers out of work.
Every day putting our feet on the ground and standing up is a natural response.
Every day recite one thousand eyes and hands sutra.
Every Day Remove dirty paper plates.
Every day reveals something new and something unpleasant.
Every day review the important points of the lesson.
Every day s a challenge.
Every day s a matinee.
Every Day Save on everyday expenses, free books, kids links, self help links.
Every day say the following prayer and follow it with the appropriate day's prayer.
Every day seems like a miracle.
Every day seems like a romance within itself, and the years grow into ponderous volumes.
Every day seems like every other day.
Every day seems longer.
Every day seems to be the same, one following another without end.
Every day seems to bring a new set of layoffs to central Ohio.
Every day seems to bring a new technology for farmers.
Every day seems to bring a new twist to the DNA puzzle.
Every day seems to bring a variety of new experiences.
Every day seems to bring both progress and frustration, and the pace of the work increases.
Every day seems to bring dramatic reports of some new network or computer security problem.
Every day seems to bring new committee meetings and task force reports and grant requests.
Every day seems to bring new headlines about layoffs.
Every day seems to bring news of a youth suicide or homicide.
Every day seems to bring something new to the world of electronic publishing.
Every day seems to bring the death of another big name affiliate program.
Every day seems to bring yet more bad news.
Every day seems to get better and better.
Every day seems to have some history behind it.
Every day seems to presents a new bug or virus alert.
Every day seems to unearth a new miniature crisis.
Every day sees new recipes and new ideas.
Every day sees new resources added.
Every day sees the arrival of more and more newcomers to Austin.
Every day select a positive theme and keep it in mind all day.
Every day sets a new challenge.
Every day shake it a bit to redistribute the curing and preserving brine.
Every day Share a kind word with a friend.
Every day skills on the job.
Every day slides into the next and the banal terrors of middle-age lie directly ahead.
Every day spend enough time thinking and reading to be able to have something to write about.
Every Day Start with three simple things.
Every day starts early for Woods, who has had to face motherhood early in life.
Every day starts with a clean slate.
Every day starts with a party.
Every day starts with a safety briefing to both the cadre and students.
Every day starts with a snuggle session and the love never stops.
Every day starts with a trip to the beach and includes study of organisms on or near coral reefs.
Every day starts with hot baked bread and coffee.
Every day starts with some prayers and religious stories.
Every day stir mixture with a wooden spoon.
Every day stroke the back of a cat and then eat two cloves of garlic.
Every Day Take a guided tour - general and special interest tours are available.
Every day take out a few toys, or a bag or box and set then out for the cat to play with.
Every day there are a dozen problems to be solved.
Every day there are activities for all children and youth to participate in.
Every day there are additions of completely new material.
Every day there are announcements of additional employers that are offering the benefits.
Every day there are arrange of new things going on.
Every day there are casualties and deaths in Lebanon.
Every day there are celebrations given in their honor.
Every day there are changes on search engines.
Every day there are deaths, dislocations, jailings, disappeared.
Every day there are demonstrations, talks and shark dissections.
Every day there are dentists making the news.
Every day there are different people on the court.
Every day there are experiences of self-healing.
Every day there are fewer places left that wildlife can call home.
Every day there are fresh technical challenges to resolve.
Every day there are items available for one half price in our Daily specials section .
Every day there are kids who go on missing in the world.
Every day there are links to interesting articles with short quotes from the story on the site.
Every day there are links to interesting articles with short quotes from the story.
Every day there are many fun activities for kids, teens and adults.
Every day there are many new ways invented to make money from sitting at home using the internet.
Every day there are many people who are buying through the internet, and the number is increasing.
Every day there are many people who are buying using the internet, and the number is increasing.
Every day there are many prayers.
Every day there are many unwanted babies conceived.
Every day there are men and women who go out and put their lives on the line for our safety.
Every day there are millions of dollars in opportunities.
Every day there are more and more applications that use web browsers as a common user interface.
Every day there are more and more companies offering to do web design work.
Every day there are more and more families in potential crisis.
Every day there are more and more information resources that appear on the Internet.
Every day there are more and more television programs to entertain the young population.
Every day there are more cases being filed in courts across the country.
Every day there are more couples made up of homosexiuals and lesbians.
Every day there are more deaths and more expressions of hatred against our existence.
Every day there are more on the TV and radio and newspaper.
Every day there are more people on the Web than the day before.
Every day there are more reports of people getting themselves into trouble.
Every day there are more.
Every day there are multiple additions and deletions of list subscribers.
Every day there are names drawn at random from the list of members who have registered here.
Every day there are new arrests, new jailings.
Every day there are new challenges .
Every day there are new challenges and new business areas to explore.
Every day there are new challenges and opportunities.
Every day there are new challenges to be faced.
Every day there are new contests starting on the Web.
Every day there are new developments in the rapidly changing field of family studies.
Every day there are new developments in web technology.
Every day there are new entries.
Every day there are new examples of companies working and growing together.
Every day there are new factors to be considered.
Every day there are new forms of media, which are all competing with the older forms.
Every day there are new gadgets, some of which actually seem silly.
Every day there are new interactions and challenges.
Every day there are new mergers announced, with layoffs and cuts in the new merged corporation.
Every day there are new messages from family members, caregivers, and others.
Every day there are new needs to be met.
Every day there are new ones added.
Every day there are new opportunities and experiences.
Every day there are new or improved bands and performers coming out of the woodwork.
Every day there are new places to visit.
Every day there are new questions .
Every day there are new regulations that come out.
Every day there are new reports of crisis.
Every day there are new reports of security breaches.
Every day there are new signs of world-wide economic collapse.
Every day there are new surprises.
Every day there are new tools, new ideas - new players.
Every day there are newer, faster tools created for manipulating images and sound digitally.
Every day there are news reports of violent conflicts in every courner of the world.
Every day there are opportunities to panic or praise.
Every day there are painful reminders of the missing child and holidays are especially painful.
Every day there are people looking to give away dogs and cats and all kinds of animals.
Every day there are police officers called because a child has been abducted.
Every day there are posts regarding the present and the past of Tupelo broadcasting.
Every day there are pressures, deadlines, and responsibilities to meet.
Every day there are pressures,deadlines, and responsibilities to meet.
Every day there are provocations that are responded to.
Every day there are provocations.
Every day there are rebellions by oppressed people against the rule of monopoly.
Every day there are reports of failures in aging water infrastructure.
Every day there are reports of horrible accidents, cars full of teenagers turning over.
Every day there are seven million new documents published on the Web.
Every day there are similar stories.
Every day there are some birds coming from somewhere.
Every day there are stories about pollution, global warming and animal species facing extinction.
Every day there are ten million empty seats on the road.
Every day there are tens and hundreds of other such incidents.
Every day there are thousands of people who retire from their passion.
Every day there are thousands of state employees who work for the betterment of Arkansas.
Every day there are threats to New Zealand's biosecurity status.
Every day there are two chances to win.
Every day there are victims on both the Palestinian and Israeli sides.
Every day there can be a new adventure to a different point of the compass.
Every day there can be a new plug-in on a site.
Every day there come another gift always something new plus more of the old ones.
Every day there is a choice of a vegetarian or non-vegetarian meal.
Every day there is a deli bar, grill, beverages, soups, desserts, and a selection of cereals.
Every day there is a demand of some sort.
Every day there is a demonstration of some kind in London.
Every day there is a different area to explore and endless photo opportunities.
Every day there is a different workout for each lane.
Every day there is a draw for a free two nights stay and beware.
Every day there is a dressage demonstration.
Every day there is a featured cat, dog, and a miscellaneous animal.
Every day there is a list of people to be prayed for with a wide variety of needs.
Every day there is a new adventure to go on.
Every day there is a new challenge.
Every day there is a new face.
Every day there is a new font, and always a great smell.
Every day there is a new font.
Every day there is a new image, accompanied by a description by an expert in the field.
Every day there is a new market niche for solar energy application.
Every day there is a new math challenge and opportunity to send in the solution.
Every day there is a new mountain to climb.
Every day there is a new species flowering or setting fruit, from orchids to oaks.
Every day there is a new story in the newspapers coming from Washington.
Every day there is a new success story in affiliate marketing, and every day some experiments fail .
Every day there is a new success story in affiliate marketing, and every day some experiments fail.
Every day there is a new taste sensation to experience.
Every day there is a new topic to tackle and a new face to meet.
Every day there is a new vision of the future that wipes out all the assumptions the last one made.
Every day there is a new wood and mabati structure adjacent to the one that was built yesterday.
Every day there is a nightmarket, the perfect time to visit.
Every day there is a story which rings environmental alarm bells.
Every day there is a turnover in species and in abundance.
Every day there is also a period for lunch.
Every day there is always some kind of excitement.
Every day there is an extravagant, transforming rain.
Every day there is ankle busters that are great.
Every day there is at least one or two malformed babies being born.
Every day there is certainly time for short walks and conversation.
Every day there is less work for actors.
Every day there is more and more of it.
Every day there is more bad news about our planet's environment.
Every day there is more information available online.
Every day there is more new material, so check back often.
Every day there is more research that shows the tremendous toll that stress takes on our lives.
Every day there is more to pick.
Every day there is new scenery and excitement to enjoy.
Every day there is new tear someone has to sew up.
Every day there is news of murders and massacres.
Every day there is news that inspires and amazes.
Every day there is some hot new bandwidth announcement.
Every day there is something different to work on.
Every day there is something exciting and new.
Every day there is something new at work.
Every day there is something new to chew about.
Every day there is something new to discover in a pond.
Every day there is something new to do.
Every day there is something new to learn and do.
Every day there is something new, something exciting.
Every day there is something new.
Every day there is something to do right at the resort.
Every day there is talk and debate happening in the Forums.
Every day there is work to be done.
Every day there seem to be more and more choices when it comes to a wireless phone .
Every day there seems to be a new report about anthrax enclosed in a letter.
Every day there seems to be another article in the newspapers about online banking.
Every day there seems to be another glamour shot on some tabloid.
Every day there seems to be something new to do.
Every day there seems to more to do and less time to do it in.
Every day there's a chain reaction of telephone calls.
Every day there's a million advances.
Every day there's a mountain, or four, to climb.
Every day there's a new buyer to interact with and a new item up for bid.
Every day there's a new challenge.
Every day there's a new development.
Every day there's a new piece of equipment or a new slant to a procedure.
Every day there's a new reason why it goes up or down.
Every day there's a newspaper item about some major corporation laying people off.
Every day there's an interesting moment, that' s how that works.
Every day there's another announcement of new online courses.
Every day there's another story about someone getting a big settlement from a car crash.
Every day there's at least one or two boats.
Every day there's at least one train that breaks down.
Every day there's more and more Catholic content published on the web.
Every day there's more information online about just about every place in the world.
Every day there's new information.
Every day there's news more than once a day.
Every day there's one laugh more.
Every day there's so much speculation about it.
Every day there's some freak walking around the office looking for sex.
Every day there's some new household name either considering filing or filing for bankruptcy.
Every day there's something new accomplished.
Every day there's something new and free.
Every day there's something new or old.
Every day there's something new.
Every day there's the offering of a lamb in the morning and a lamb in the evening.
Every day unfolds some new charm.
Every day updates on weather for today and tomorrow.
Every day utilities engineers, parks officials or fire marshals come to meet.
Every day vulgarizes one's hostility, and turns anger into irritation and petulance.
Every day wear for men.
Every day wear only the cloths washed in hot water and soap.
Every Day Welcome to our web site.
Every day write a few paragraphs.
Every day write down something good that happened in the volunteer program.
Every day's a gamble.
Every day's a party in Louisiana-some are just a little more organized than others.
Every days there are new markets with new companies and more money to deal with.
Many day pack out American, limited fashion happen all thin affair with any cousin.
Many days are stressful on the committees.
Many days consist of writing code all day.
Many days go by hour after hour gig after gig, things tend to become monotonous.
Many days have brief showers or no rain at all.
Many days have none, or only a few.
Many days pass and people die much.
Many days pass and people die very much.
Many days there is a street market where people sell various arts and crafts.
More days pass, and the broth is still clear.
More days pass, then mind goes into daze.
Most days also contain radiosonde plots.
Most days are a fight to get through.
Most days are bright and sunny, and water is dripping everywhere during the day.
Most days are clear and sunny, with a dry heat and a comfortable relaxing breeze.
Most days are dry and clear.
Most days are dry and warm but at month-end, there is a slight feeling of chill in the morning.
Most days are event-free but, there was one incident last year.
Most days are exactly like all the others.
Most days are free.
Most days are hot and sunny with low humidity.
Most days are intense, so as the season progresses a separate language is developed.
Most days are like that to one degree or another.
Most days are overcast and grey.
Most days are pretty wild.
Most days are sunny and clear during the summer.
Most days are sunny and often humid, but also come prepared for the possibility of occasional rain.
Most days are sunny and warm, but some hot days occur, particularly in the first half of the month.
Most days are sunny, and most of the snow falls at night.
Most days are sunny, which makes for a great time at the beach, golfing or seeing the sights.
Most days are sunny.
Most days are the same for most people.
Most days are very pleasant and comfortable.
Most days are warm and sunny year-round.
Most days are warm and then cooler in the evenings.
Most days are wonderfully clear, sunny and breezy.
Most days begin and end with opening and closing gatherings with few transitions between classes.
Most days begin with two hours of French instruction .
Most days end with a scrimmage or a game.
Most days find the library filled with classes doing research.
Most days have a time available in the afternoon for ad hoc speakers.
Most days have at or near full attendance, a few days have low attendance.
Most days involve some boating, and two-three hikes of varying lengths.
Most days see an average of over twenty kindergarten to teenage participants using the facility.
Most days start at dawn when the touring artists' semis roll in.
Most days start with a continental breakfast with coffee or tea, juice, rolls and croissants.
Most days there are a dozen or so items.
Most days there are about four stories on the front page.
Most days there are at least one or two villagers there, waiting to see the doctor.
Most days there are guided and educational walks around the village or in the neighbouring hills.
Most days there are only four departures.
Most days there are people of questionable personal hygiene and uncertain sleeping arrangements.
Most days there are two or three patches, extensions, features, or bugs being dis- cussed at a time.
Most days there are two or three patches, extensions, features, or bugs being discussed at a time.
Most days there are two radiology conferences and everyday there is at least one.
Most days there is more than one event scheduled.
Some day is a long way off.
Some day is here.
Some day is now.
Some day shifts.
Some days are a little bit crazy.
Some days are a lot worse than others.
Some days are a total waste of makeup.
Some days are about getting started.
Some days are about getting the job done.
Some days are almost too much to bear.
Some days are bad and money is down.
Some days are bad.
Some days are beter than others.
Some days are better than others .
Some days are better than others and that's bound to happen.
Some days are better than others but still daily, nonetheless.
Some days are better than others but the pain is always there.
Some days are better than others for each woman.
Some days are better than others for telephony.
Some Days Are Better Than Others simply demonstrate how attitudes vary from day to day.
Some days are better than others when it comes to endurance.
Some days are better than others, but there's always something stupid going on to comment on.
Some days are better than others, some days are worse.
Some days are better than others, while some are just downright awful.
Some days are better than others.
Some days are better than today, and some days are worse.
Some days are better that others but the depression is overwhelming.
Some days are better then others.
Some days are busier than others around here.
Some days are calmer.
Some days are clear and sunny, but other days are stormy and sometimes dangerous.
Some days are cold and dark.
Some days are colder than shit, some are hotter than shit, and some days are just plain shitty.
Some days are colder than shit, some days are hotter than shit, and some days are just plain shitty.
Some days are colder than shit, some days are hotter than shit, and some days are just plane shitty.
Some days are cool.
Some days are dark and gray when hope and joy are but distant memories.
Some days are definitely harder than others.
Some days are definitely more trying than others.
Some days are diamond, some days are stone, as the songwriter said.
Some days are diamond, some days are stone.
Some days are diamonds, some days are stone.
Some days are diamonds, some days are stones.
Some days are diamonds.
Some Days are Diamonds.
Some days are different than others.
Some days are downright depressing.
Some days are dry and some are humid.
Some days are easier than others granted.
Some days are easier than others.
Some days are easier to get through than others.
Some days are excellent and some are slow.
Some days are fairly level.
Some days are free, on others there is a small charge.
Some days are good and some are bad.
Some days are good and some days are bad.
Some days are good but the bad days are adding up again.
Some days are good days, others are bad.
Some days are good for wave skimming, but it is very rare.
Some days are good some days are bad.
Some days are good, and well some days are bad.
Some days are good, some are bad.
Some days are good, some days are bad.
Some days are good, some days are really bad, but never in the middle.
Some days are good.
Some days are great and others are a challenge.
Some days are great and others are just the pits.
Some days are hard to understand.
Some days are harder than others.
Some days are hell, that's true.
Some days are hot, others are cold.
Some days are hot.
Some days are incredible and some are incredibly trying.
Some days are just better than others.
Some days are just good for giggling.
Some days are just hard.
Some days are just nasty days.
Some days are just perfect.
Some days are just plain bad.
Some days are just plain strange.
Some days are just the pits.
Some days are just too damn busy.
Some days are just very, very long.
Some days are just worse than others.
Some days are light workouts, and other days are grueling marathons.
Some days are like that.
Some days are longer than others.
Some days are longer, some are shorter.
Some days are longer.
Some days are lousy.
Some days are more about educating pet parents than treating patients.
Some days are more about getting to the end.
Some days are more active than others depending on the occupational level and area being worked.
Some days are more comfortable than others.
Some days are more difficult than others.
Some days are more enjoyable than others.
Some days are more special than others.
Some days are more stressful, but no more than any other job.
Some days are more successful than others.
Some days are more troubling than others.
Some days are more up than down and vice versa.
Some days are more verbous than others.
Some days are much harder and wearing than others.
Some days are near perfect.
Some days are nightmares.
Some days are o.k.
Some days are ordinary days and some days are special days.
Some days are plug and play, some days are drag and drop.
Some days are probably fat grip days, some days skinny days.
Some days are quiet.
Some days are quite long and tiring.
Some days are real scary.
Some days are school days some days are tool days and some are cool days.
Some days are simply dedicated to powder and off-piste others to ice.
Some days are simply overwhelming.
Some days are simply the pits.
Some days are slow, reading articles or doing research in the library.
Some days are smoother than others.
Some days are so full of very serious things that a good chuckle is really needed.
Some days are so hard, but it's neither one of our faults.
Some days are so rough when life seems so tough When it seems our dreams are lost and gone.
Some days are special holidays . . .
Some days are still harder than others.
Some days are stressful.
Some days are sunny and warm and some are gloomy and rainy.
Some days are sunny, others are cloudy.
Some days are tougher than others.
Some days are uneventful.
Some days are unseasonably warm and others rainy or snowy.
Some days are very challenging.
Some days are very good and some days are slow.
Some days are very hot and some days are very cold.
Some days are warm and humid and the children deserve to learn outside.
Some days are warmer than others, yet it is still pretty chilly.
Some days are weird.
Some days are worse than others, but all are bad.
Some days are worse than others, but it's overall pretty bad.
Some days are worse than others.
Some days are worse.
Some days are yellow.
Some days be dark and dreary.
Some days being here is like living in a postcard.
Some days can be completely cloudy.
Some days can be longer if the terrain dictates.
Some days can be more frustrating than others.
Some days can be udder frustration.
Some days can be very long.
Some days can have more work than others, but most of it is routine maintenance and repairs.
Some days carry obligations.
Some days coping is as good as it gets.
Some days disappear.
Some days do feel like themselves.
Some days fill up quickly.
Some days fill well in advance so plan ahead.
Some days fly by while others seem to go very slowly.
Some days go better than others.
Some days go very smoothly, but some are extremely difficult.
Some days go whizzing by, others crawl painfully along.
Some days have a generally-fixed formula.
Some days have laziness in the air.
Some days have more advertising than others.
Some days have more than one reading assignment.
Some days have rough spots and some, smooth sailing.
Some days have two or more interpretations.
Some days having a job seems the most decadent pursuit imaginable.
Some days hitting a baseball is about as much fun as running headfirst into a stop sign.
Some days ignite with the spark and sputter of progress.
Some days is too hard to get throught.
Some days just drift by, and others are full of surprises.
Some days just go like that.
Some days just go that way.
Some days just seem too good to be true.
Some days look better upside down .
Some days look better upside down.
Some days never end.
Some days off are important, especially when beginning the exercise program.
Some days offer few games to bet on.
Some days produce even more numbers.
Some days reading the news is every frat boys wet dream.
Some days Reding is away attending seminars to keep up to date on job-related information.
Some days see the water turning from brown to green, indicating a clearing trend.
Some days seem like more trouble and some days seem like more joy.
Some days seem longer than others.
Some days sell items at bigger discounts than others Save money on new appliances.
Some days stand out in each of our lives.
Some days start out bad and some just go like that all week long.
Some days start with a whimper or a groggy nod.
Some days take longer than others and yesterday went very well.
Some days there are few words.
Some days there are lectures on a specific topic to be followed by a lab activity or field trip.
Some days there are more people looking then on others.
Some days there are no clouds.
Some days there are no international connections.
Some days there is a deafening silence.
Some days there is more assigned reading than others.
Some days there is nothing offered .
Some days there is nothing unusual to see.
Some days there is wider coverage than other days.
Some days there is work, some days there is none.
Some days there' s a fog or mist over it.
Some days there seem to be more traders than tourists, and it is all becoming very unattractive.
Some days there's morning fog.
Some days use one promo only, some days use three promos.
Daybeds are frequently near kill sites.
A daybook is a ledger
All Daybooks are custom-made from information supplied by the customer.
A daybreak is a hour
Daybreak isa cognition.
Daybreak isa knowledge.
Daybreak relies on the community to provide support in many forms.
Daycare centers are an entirely different story.
Daycare centers are much larger and take many children.
Daycare centers are much larger then either and take many children.
Daycare centers are special uses in all other zoning districts.
Daycare centers are usually busy and noisy, with lots of children.
Daycare centers can run the gamut from outstanding to, well, much worse.
Many daycare centers charge more then the county rate.
Most daycare centers offer bus service at an additional cost.
Most daycare centers provide vans to a subset of the schools in their area.
Some daycare centers are co-ops connected with community agencies.
A daycare is child care
Daycare is available at a low cost.
Daycare is available both before and after school.
Daycare is available for day sessions at a small fee.
Daycare is available next door.
Daycare is available on campus.
Daycare is available.
Daycare is extremely expensive.
Daycare is good for children.
Daycare is kind of expensive out on the town.
Daycare is so expensive especially with one person earning.
Daycare is to expenseive to keep hime in.
Daycare promotes positive cross grade-level interaction.
Daycares are childcare.
Daycares arrange regular storytimes that fit into their schedules.
Daycares offer care to many children each and every day.
Daycares provide added safety to their very special charges.
Some daycares order every other month.
A daydream is a dream
Daydream isa imagination.
Daydreams also needs commercial sponsors to maintain the magazine.
Daydreams are fertile ground for the imagination to soar.
Daydreams are fun.
Daydreams are located in space.
Daydreams are soft.
Daydreams are under our conscious control.
Daydreams are vivid.
Daydreams are wonderful channels for creativity.
Daydreams serve a number of useful functions.
Daydreams often occur spontaneously throughout the day and are also subconsciously oriented.
Most daydreams are wish-fulfilling.
Daydreamings cause accidents.
Dayfile data is available for approximately the last nine months.
A dayflower is a herb
Dayflower prefers rich, moist soil conditions.
Dayflower reproduces from seed and from nodes along stems.
Dayglow lemon pops.
Daylight basement features a large family room, bedroom and bathroom.
Daylight basement opens to large, fenced yard.
Daylight basements are a popular application.
Daylight film is sensitive to the blue wavelength.
Daylight film produces pictures more orange, or warm, in color.
Daylight film produces pictures more orange, or warmth, in color.
A daylight saving is time
Daylight saving is observed.
Daylight saving is the first.
Daylight savings is over.
Daylight time begins, move clocks ahead on hour.
Daylight times are dependent on normal conditions and visibility.
Daylight vision is poor, but dim-light vision is effective in some pigmented strains.
Daylight vision is vision
Daylight brings the disaster movie genre back to the big screen with a very big bang.
Daylight comes early.
Daylight comes from light tubes that go up through the ground.
Daylight coming through a window is adequate.
Daylight consists of a much more even spread of wavelengths.
Daylight contains a strong element of blue.
Daylight contains all three.
Daylight contains different kinds of light.
Daylight continues to shorten as temperatures head towards winter readings.
Daylight coyote hunting only.
Daylight desperately tries to resuscitate the disaster genre.
Daylight finds the male holed up in a handy tree cavity or curled up asleep on a ground bed.
Daylight floods the offices and factory.
Daylight floods two sides of cafe through uncurtained windows.
Daylight gives way to an unearthly night, the temperature drop, animals go to sleep.
Daylight grows less and the night is longer each day.
Daylight has (part) mornings.
Daylight has six employees.
Daylight helps reduce the energy required to light a classroom.
Daylight illuminates classrooms.
Daylight includes the sun, skylight and reflections off nearby objects.
Daylight is a good thing to save.
Daylight is a period
Daylight is a powerful stimulant for regulating the biological clock.
Daylight is a public voltage.
Daylight is a really good time to fish.
Daylight is a valiant effort to revive that old warhorse, the disaster movie.
Daylight is about one-third cooler than the florescent lighting most schools have.
Daylight is absolutely jammed with action and effects.
Daylight is almost continuous.
Daylight is an excellent synchronizer that gives a rhythm to activity periods.
Daylight is associated with humanity's rule.
Daylight is available on the second, third, and fourth floors.
Daylight is best.
Daylight is breakin'.
Daylight is cast towards the altar through vertical windows in the roof.
Daylight is constant, temperatures are negative, and polar animals have made their appearance.
Daylight is defined as the combination of sunlight and skylight.
Daylight is examined both as form giver and operational necessity.
Daylight is fading, the darkness comes like a thief, stealthily and silently to abduct the light.
Daylight is filmed with honeyed luster and night with jeweled shadows.
Daylight is for shoppers and strollers.
Daylight is free the most energy efficient source of illumination.
Daylight is good at arriving at the right time.
Daylight is here.
Daylight is light.
Daylight is near.
Daylight is neither better nor worse than other light sources.
Daylight is no kinder.
Daylight is no use at all.
Daylight is provided.
Daylight is rich in bluish tones because of the presence of ultraviolet radiation.
Daylight is scarce.
Daylight is short in the winter.
Daylight is shorter.
Daylight is so glorious and all of the pretty vibrant colors seem to be so much at peace.
Daylight is sunlight.
Daylight is that intense.
Daylight is the largest contributing natural factor to the atmosphere of any interior.
Daylight is the least expensive and most pleasing light source.
Daylight is the most dangerous light source because it is the most intense.
Daylight isa period.
Daylight jigging in deep water with the aid of a depth sounder can also be very productive.
Daylight lasts for six months at the South Pole.
Daylight lasts over an hour and half more now than it did on the first day of winter.
Daylight means a lot of traffic and they stay away from the roadways.
Daylight now surrounds the former basement on all sides.
Daylight provides space for removal of the molded part from the mold.
Daylight remains constant for corresponding dates each year.
Daylight running and headlight flasher are adaptable to all cars.
Daylight running disable can also disable the brakelights.
Daylight saving in New South Wales now finishes on the same date as in Victoria and South Australia.
Daylight saving time saves energy and can help California.
Daylight seeps in from where a mortar shell has perforated the roof.
Daylight signals the gland to shut off melatonin and allow the body to come awake.
Daylight signifies a promise of renewed hope.
Daylight silhouettes participants of a hot air balloon launch.
Daylight still shows through the center of the lure on side hooked lures.
Daylight turns into darkness, and then it is daylight again.
Daylight varies enormously throughout the world.
Daylights aims at a more three-dimensional sound field, rather than momentary effects.
All daylight contains a large UV component.
More daylight brings a stronger sun.
More daylight heralds the coming of spring.
Some daylight is part of dates.
Some daylight is part of days.
Some daylight is part of eves.
Some daylight is part of tomorrows.
Some daylight is part of yesterdays.
Daylighted interiors pose one of the nastiest challenges in rendering.
Daylily blooms are available in a variety of forms.
Daylily blooms are edible and the flavor is very pleasant.
Daylily blooms have a wide array of different forms.
Daylily flowers appear in many forms.
Daylily flowers are crunchy and fresh tasting - similar to eating lettuce.
Daylily flowers bloom on stalks called scapes.
Daylily flowers come in many colors, shades, and color combinations.
Daylily foliage is grass like and profuse.
Daylily folks are a friendly lot and are always happy to see newcomers attending their events.
Daylily leaves are grass-like, usually two feet long.
Daylily nursery offers planting instructions and descriptions of the many varieties of Daylilies.
Daylily prices can vary from a couple of dollars up to a couple of hundred dollars for a single fan.
Daylily roots are generally long, slender and fibrous, whereas the lily is a true bulb.
Daylily rust is a new disease to the United States.
Daylily rust is caused by the fungus Puccinia hemerocallidis.
Daylily rust is the particular fungal pathogen 'Puccinia hemerocallidis.
Daylily species have a classic elegance, simple lines.
Daylily species have trumpet-shaped flowers in shades of clear yellow or orange.
Daylily varieties can begin their bloom period in early spring and go through into autumn.
Some daylily varieties seem to discard yesterdays bloom better than others.
A daylily is a bulbous plant
Daylilies adapt to a wide range of soil and light conditions.
Daylilies adapt to most soils, including sand at the beach and heavy clay.
Daylilies adapt when dug, washed, boxed and shipped to a new garden.
Daylilies allow an easy means of propagation by division.
Daylilies also come in lots of different colors and shapes.
Daylilies also do well in containers.
Daylilies also have a vast range of sizes.
Daylilies also multiply rapidly.
Daylilies also offer tremendous durability and have few insect or disease problems.
Daylilies also perform well.
Daylilies also respond favorably to additional moisture before bloom.
Daylilies also work well in mixed borders and beds.
Daylilies are a good choice to hide the lower stems of the lily.
Daylilies are a relatively disease free plant.
Daylilies are able to withstand being divided during the heat of summer.
Daylilies are amazingly tolerant of over watering and under watering.
Daylilies are among the most adaptable of all perennials.
Daylilies are among the most popular herbaceous perennials grown in Florida.
Daylilies are an attractive research plant.
Daylilies are an exception.
Daylilies are available for early , mid and later summer blooming.
Daylilies are available in a rainbow of colors and are suitable for all types of landscapes.
Daylilies are beautiful massed or planted in borders and casual gardens.
Daylilies are colorful and they are a low maintenance plant.
Daylilies are drought resistant and almost disease and insect free.
Daylilies are easy to breed.
Daylilies are easy to grow and require little care.
Daylilies are easy to grow, require minimal care, and thrive in most places.
Daylilies are easy to grow.
Daylilies are easy to hybridize.
Daylilies are especially desirable since their bloom begins just as the irises finish.
Daylilies are field grown in full sun.
Daylilies are fun to design with.
Daylilies are good plant choices for people who like to see results quickly.
Daylilies are great flowering plants, blooming from spring through summer.
Daylilies are hardy herbaceous plants with a perennial growth habit.
Daylilies are hardy perennials that grow well in Minnesota.
Daylilies are heavy feeders, so use enough compost to supply plenty of nutrients.
Daylilies are highly adaptable but perform best in well-drained soil in high organic matter.
Daylilies are ideal for full sun.
Daylilies are long-lived if given even moderate care.
Daylilies are native to Asia.
Daylilies are native to the Orient.
Daylilies are North Florida's peonies .
Daylilies are one of the easiest perennials to grow.
Daylilies are one of the hardiest perennial plants throughout the many planting zones.
Daylilies are one of the most versatile perennials available as well as one of the most beautiful.
Daylilies are one of the most versatile perennials, and offer a full spectrum of flower colours.
Daylilies are our passion.
Daylilies are perennials.
Daylilies are practically disease and pest free.
Daylilies are presently available in several color patterns.
Daylilies are quite hardy.
Daylilies are remarkably drought tolerant, but do best when supplied with frequent watering.
Daylilies are some of the most tolerant and popular of the garden perennials.
Daylilies are the perfect perennial for any garden design.
Daylilies are tough and can withstand a good deal of neglect.
Daylilies are useful, tolerant plants which produce flowers on tall stems.
Daylilies are usually pest-free.
Daylilies are vigorous growers and can be divided every three to four years.
Daylilies bloom in early summer.
Daylilies can be velvety or smooth or creped or satiny.
Daylilies can find numerous uses in the garden and landscape.
Daylilies can fit into many spots in the landscape.
Daylilies can grow in almost any kind of soil.
Daylilies can survive temporary dry conditions very well, due to their extensive root systems.
Daylilies come in a wide variety of colors and sizes.
Daylilies come in virtually every shape, size, bloom period, and foliage habit imaginable.
Daylilies date back thousands of years and originated in Asia.
Daylilies do fine in raised beds as long as there is good drainage.
Daylilies do have some pests, but many do only minor damage.
Daylilies do love nitrogen, but remember that it does make for taller scapes and more robust growth.
Daylilies dominate the scene, with larkspur close on their heels.
Daylilies grow best in direct sun or light shade.
Daylilies grow best in full sun.
Daylilies grow best in full sunlight.
Daylilies grow best in slightly acidic, well drained soil which has a high organic content.
Daylilies grow best when planted in full sun to partial shade.
Daylilies grow in large clumps of arching, sword-shaped leaves.
Daylilies grow rapidly to form dense clumps.
Daylilies have colored sepals.
Daylilies have few pests and diseases.
Daylilies have trumplike flowers.
Daylilies live for many years.
Daylilies live virtually forever.
Daylilies look best if given some grooming through the year.
Daylilies look best planted in masses.
Daylilies love full sun, but grow surprisingly well in some part sun situations.
Daylilies love summer water.
Daylilies make excellent cut flowers.
Daylilies multiply by sending up new fans right next to the old fans.
Daylilies only look like a true lily.
Daylilies perform best in full sun - six to eight hours daily are ideal.
Daylilies prefer a well-drained soil in a sunny location.
Daylilies prefer a well-drained soil with abundant organic matter and moderate fertility.
Daylilies prefer a well-drained soil with adequate organic matter.
Daylilies prefer full sun for as much of the day as possible.
Daylilies provide great splashes of color.
Daylilies require very little care on a day to day basis in the garden.
Daylilies seem to be immune to most pests and plant diseases.
Daylilies smile orange starlight.
Daylilies stem from Asia, where they are actually a food crop.
Daylilies thrive almost anywhere and they multiply and spread.
Daylilies thrive and bloom on a very meager diet.
Daylilies thrive in full sun to partial shade in any good garden soil.
Daylilies tolerate and grow in many conditions but perform best under the following conditions.
Daylilies vary in the part of the summer they bloom.
Daylilies work well, providing a contrast of leaf type and bloom time, without being invasive.
Daylilies usually grow adequately without fertilizer but grow best when lightly fertilized.
All daylilies are generous double fans unless noted otherwise.
Most daylilies are only open during the day.
Most daylilies bloom for a single day, beginning in the early morning and lasting until the evening.
Most daylilies bloom for four to six weeks.
Some daylilies have so much inherent vigor they can overcome all but the worst of abuse and neglect.
Some daylilies start to get twisted or deformed shoots as they begin to grow.
Daylong checkpoints denying a couple thousand citizens their civil rights are now common.
Daylong fees are a major source of operating income and are kept as low as possible.
Daylong seminars run seven hours, plus one hour lunch break.
Some days patients wait as long as two and a half hours.
Some days smelt is the fish of the day, on others it's herring.
A daystar is a planet
Daystar follows organic practices.
Daystar offer everything from a hand when things get busy to full graphic and web facilities.
Daystar offers something for everyone who loves horses.
Daystars are broadcast networks.
Daytime access is available for groups under our instruction.
Daytime accommodations are available for both individuals and small groups.
Daytime activity is highest in early morning and late afternoon.
All daytime activities are free to the public.
Many daytime activities continue, but with a different air.
Some daytime activities increase during breed seasons.
Some daytime activities increase during seasons.
Some daytime activities increase during summer.
Some daytime activities result in evaporation.
Daytime admission is also available.
Daytime admission is free.
Daytime appointments are always available.
Daytime assignments are available as well.
Daytime assistance is also available on an appointment basis.
Daytime attacks are especially common in semi-rural areas.
Daytime banking is much safer.
Daytime behaviors have no bearing on sleep.
Daytime bites are the rules especially when cloudy overcast days prevail.
Daytime burglary is among the biggest concerns, as is traffic congestion in town.
Daytime classes are available depending on demand.
Daytime classes are skipped, grades drop, and jobs are lost.
Daytime classes are typically one week in length.
Daytime classes begin twice monthly.
Daytime courses are necessary to complete the major requirements.
Daytime curfews are impractical and take away from effective police work.
Daytime curfews violate the fundamental rights of minors and their parents.
Daytime distractions are everywhere.
Daytime drama is more white and more female than prime time.
Daytime entries are third-degree offenses.
Daytime events are free of charge.
Daytime events are tentative.
All daytime events are always free and open to the public.
All daytime events are free and open to everyone.
Most daytime events serve hors d'oeuvres, cake, and coffee only, as opposed to a full meal.
Daytime exercise is usually beneficial.
Daytime fishermen are pretty much limited to slow moving, rising tides.
Daytime flowers are charming bursts of yellow, floating among the classic, linear leaf of the iris.
Daytime golf can require a windshirt.
Daytime group meets twice monthly.
Daytime groups welcome by appointment.
Some daytime groups offer creche facilities as required.
Daytime guests are always welcome.
Daytime heating is generally stronger than nighttime cooling.
Daytime help is available with a student tutor.
Daytime highs are usually in the seventies and eighties, with the nighttime lows in the forties.
Daytime highs can reach into the mid-seventies.
Daytime hours are available.
Daytime hours are preferred.
Daytime hours vary.
Some daytime hours are also available, although on a limited basis.
Daytime inspections are useful for some anopheline mosquitoes.
Daytime lane closures moderate delay.
All daytime lectures are free.
Daytime lights are the small ones near the grille.
Daytime lighting is unnecessary as long as the turbines are painted white.
Daytime lightning is always difficult to shoot.
Daytime maintenance is available for a mechanically inclined person.
Daytime meetings are open to moms and their children of all ages.
Most daytime meetings provide baby-sitting at a reasonable fee.
Daytime music features a mixture of current and classic hit music.
Daytime observation is a good sign of heavy infestation.
Daytime orientations are sometimes available.
Daytime patrons can snack on muffins, cookies, empanadas, or various sandwiches.
Daytime people mourn the loss of the sun - and stargazers grieve over the loss of the stars.
All daytime performances are free and open to the public.
Some daytime places are also available.
Daytime predators use techniques that rely on vision to locate prey.
Daytime program consists of camper-led activities.
Daytime programs are available to adults on a space available basis.
Daytime programs provide internships, field trips, career seminars, and mock job interviews.
Daytime programming includes food, fashion, fitness, and parenting.
Daytime receptions are less expensive than evening ones.
Daytime retreats are small caverns, crevices in rocks, tree hollows, and under the bark of trees.
Daytime roost is an open branch.
Daytime roost is usually an evergreen tree, belfry or barn.
Daytime roosts are usually near their current food source and a water source.
Daytime service is available in a limited delivery area.
Daytime shifts are also available.
Daytime shifts are available.
Daytime silks are widely diversified.
Daytime sleepers have to contend with noisy neighbors, children, traffic, lawn mowers and such.
Daytime sleepiness can be the symptom of a serious medical disorder called narcolepsy.
Daytime sleepiness is a normal but temporary side effect.
Daytime sleepiness is associated with both inability to fall asleep and stay asleep at night.
Daytime sleepiness is due to disturbed sleep.
Daytime sleepiness is only one consequence of sleep apnea.
Daytime sleepiness is the most common sleep-related disorder of adolescence.
Daytime sleepiness is the primary symptom for sleep apnea.
Daytime sleepiness predicts mortality and cardiovascular disease in older adults.
Daytime sleepiness remains problematic with many.
Daytime sleigh rides available with a deer park for the kids.
Daytime slots employ two demonstrators.
Daytime snacks are available.
Daytime somnolence is limited to the morning hours.
Daytime stage shows, as well as nighttime dance parties, provide plenty of fun for everyone.
Daytime stress increases the likelihood of abrupt awakenings.
Many daytime students leave right after class for their off-campus jobs.
Daytime surcharges are still in effect where applicable.
Daytime talk show people have many fruitful possibilities.
Daytime television is even worse.
Daytime television is very different from other television.
Daytime temperature dictates short sleeves, but wear long sleeves at night.
Daytime temperature ranges from cs.
Daytime temperatures are fairly constant throughout the year.
Daytime temperatures are ideal.
Daytime temperatures are moderate, and nights are cool.
Daytime temperatures are moderate, but it can be very cold during the nights.
Daytime temperatures are still high enough that soil is warm enough for good root formation.
Daytime temperatures are usually mild but nighttime temperatures generally drop below freezing.
Daytime temperatures are usually warm, but nights can get quite chilly.
Daytime temperatures are warm but are balanced by cool nighttime temperatures.
Daytime temperatures are warm enough, but the nights are still a little chilly.
Daytime temperatures are warm, but nights have been near freezing.
Daytime temperatures average in the upper seventies and nighttime lows are usually in the sixties.
Daytime temperatures average in the upper sixties, then drop into the low forties at night.
Daytime temperatures can be near freezing, and nighttime temperatures well below freezing.
Daytime temperatures can range from the high eighties to one hundred degrees.
Daytime temperatures reach well above the century mark in our lower desert elevations.
Some daytime temperature exceeds degrees.
Daytime testing is more the rule than the exception for many clubs.
Daytime tours are two hours, and sunset tours last approximately one and a half hours.
Daytime tours incorporate local national parks in the region.
Daytime trains have a journey time of approximately five and a half hours.
Daytime TV sucks.
Daytime views are similarly, unnaturally, colorful.
Daytime visibility is an equally important area of investigation.
Daytime vision is the same as before and night vision has been compromised.
Daytime visitors can return for the evening dance.
Daytime visitors welcome.
Most daytime water is lost through evaporation.
Daytime wear is casual.
Daytime wetting is more common in girls.
Daytime work continues on the columns for the new three-lane flyover structure.
Daytime work is preferred.
Daytime work is the preferred.
A daytime is a period
Daytime isa period.
Daytimes are a mixture of passing traffic, and recovering alcoholics from the centre next door.
Daytimes are normally nice, but nights often drop well below freezing.
Daytimes have (part) mornings.
Some daytimes are part of dates.
Some daytimes are part of days.
Some daytimes are part of eves.
Some daytimes are part of tomorrows.
Some daytimes are part of yesterdays.
Dazed resignation is more common.
DB design combines object-oriented and distributed computing.
Most db languages have a way to lock , files, records, and some even fields.
DBObject drop instructs the DBObjectimplementation to remove itself from existence.
DBsurfer users have no control over that.
DCE training involves three weekend sessions.
DCEP stars are present in open clusters.
DCF payments provide about one-half of the clinics' budgets.
DCF valuation assumes that cost of capital is calculated using market values of debt and equity.
DCF valuations are more precise and reliable than appraisals based on direct capitalization.
DCLU grants permits.
Most DCMA support is provided during development and production.
Dcsglobal professionals make the difference.
DDT ban causes life rise in deaths from malaria to save some bird species.
DDT ban is genocidal.
DDT exposure is associated with certain cancer risks and neurological and reproductive disorders.
Many DDT promoters are also in the business of denying climate change.
A deacon is a church officer
Deacon approaches the subject from three angles.
Deacon attributes much of the successful recruiting to students and alumni.
Deacon comes from the Greek word, diakonos , meaning servant.
Deacon comes from the Greek word, diakonos, meaning servant.
Deacon finds people to count the offering.
Deacon focuses on language from the standpoint of brain structure.
Deacon invites new members and their sponsors to come up onto the solea.
Deacon saints Click on highlighted names for more information and pictures.
Deacons also have responsibility for ushering at church services.
Deacons also prepare communion and prepare the sanctuary for worship.
Deacons also witness weddings, and lead benediction and prayer services.
Deacons appear to be under the authority of the elders.
Deacons are a vital resource in the present struggle against the Culture of Death.
Deacons are administrative assistants to the bishops.
Deacons are also interested in purchasing second hand jewellery, clocks and watches.
Deacons are also to be appointed to serve under the elders.
Deacons are available at the front after the service for prayer, counsel or information.
Deacons are both servants and messengers.
Deacons are chief slaves, waiters, stewards.
Deacons are clergy who can be married.
Deacons are clergymans.
Deacons are in the planning stages to begin offering small group and other men's ministries.
Deacons are leader servants for the effective performance of service.
Deacons are leaders who serve under the elders.
Deacons are leaders, designated servants, leaders in ministry.
Deacons are members of the clergy.
Deacons are men who function as helpers to the pastor.
Deacons are officers of the church.
Deacons are part of the rank within many of the churches today.
Deacons are people who have hearts for helping and serving.
Deacons are present in all of the liturgies of the parish in their appropriate roles.
Deacons are priests.
Deacons are probationary members or associate members who have been ordained .
Deacons are routinely in contact with the persons for whom they care.
Deacons are servant leaders .
Deacons are servants of the church.
Deacons are the administrators and chief foot-washers.
Deacons are the eyes, ears, hands, arms and feet of the bishop.
Deacons are the hands of compassion and service in our church.
Deacons are to encourage the people of the church to be at least at that starting point.
Deacons are weapons.
Deacons assist in worship, preach, and minister to people wherever they happen to be.
Deacons assist the elders in the physical matters of the congregation.
Deacons assist the priest in the administration of the liturgy.
Deacons can also act as administrators of parishes.
Deacons can perform all the sacramental roles of a priest except the consecration of bread and wine.
Deacons can pray and visit the family.
Deacons Click to visit the website.
Deacons deal with the more temporal matters of the church.
Deacons encourage by example, by giving at least the tithe of their income.
Deacons encourage others to become involved.
Deacons exercise a legislative function only in the circle of the whole consistory.
Deacons fall into the same trap, as do the laity.
Deacons function in ministries of liturgy, word, and charity.
Deacons have a different duty.
Deacons have a superb selection of diamond and gem set rings with many rare and unusual stones.
Deacons have no authority over the church or pastor, but are servants to the church.
Deacons have special responsibilities as assistants in the liturgy and in charitable work.
Deacons have the opportunity and influence to help the entire church family stay on message.
Deacons hire new assistant basketball coach.
Deacons hold full membership in the association and play a vital role.
Deacons is embroidered full chest.
Deacons keep practical possibilities for ministry ever on the church s mind.
Deacons make many of the decisions for the congregation.
Deacons make no vows.
Deacons oversee the church s ministry of caring to the congregation and community.
Deacons oversee the temporal affairs.
Deacons perform the task of ministering to others including the sick and needy.
Deacons perform their primary service ministry in a variety of locations and settings.
Deacons play a key role in moving their churches into missions of justice, mercy, and compassion.
Deacons prepare the Table.
Deacons receive and administer benevolences, as well as care for the sick and needy.
Deacons report being well utilized.
Deacons serve as a bridge between church and community.
Deacons serve both urban and rural parishes.
Deacons serve for three years.
Deacons serve in the ministry of liturgy, of the word, and of charity.
Deacons serve well.
Deacons use the same alb, cincture, and shirt.
Deacons visit and comfort the distressed, . . . . . . . . .
Deacons visit the hospitalized and homebound.
Deacons visit the sick, the needy, and provide for the general welfare of the church family.
Deacons wear the stole over one shoulder, priests and bishops over both shoulders.
Deacons often have special clerical duties.
All deacons now have identification badges.
Most deacons are married and they are Catholic clergy.
Most deacons have three years of training, much of it hands-on work.
Some deacons serve the church in a full-time capacity such as archdeacon or educational specialist.
A deaconess is a deacon
Deaconess are servants whose primary function is the care of the laity.
Deaconess offers competitive wages and benefit packages for residents.
Deaconesses also organize district fellowship dinners.
Deaconesses are deacons.
Deaconesses perform services such as health care, teaching and social ministries.
Deaconesses often do volunteer work with churches as well.
A deactivation is a release
Deactivation are an ongoing business practice.
Deactivation consists of cleaning up most of the radioactive contamination and closing buildings.
Deactivation discontinues all billable services.
Deactivation is achieved by locking both the bolt group and trigger mechanism.
Deactivation is achieved in at least two ways.
Deactivation is equivalent to withdrawal from a graduate program.
Deactivation Make extra stuff happen when the drivable is deactivated.
Deactivation means that most weapons are unusable for weeks or months.
Deactivation occurs by tapping the pin twice.
Deactivation occurs when a firearm is rendered permanently inoperable.
Deactivations are dismissals.
Deactivations are terminations.
More dead adults litter the ground and produce a slight odor of decay.
Dead air is a pause
Dead air is an insulator.
Dead air is awful on television, but on radio it's even worse.
Dead air is bad.
Dead air is pauses.
Dead air is the reporter's problem.
Dead air is what makes wood a natural insulator and prevents it from easily conducting heat or cold.
Dead air is when there's nothing going on, no music, nobody saying anything, nothing.
Dead algae is removed by filtration.
Dead allotrope is dark brown.
Dead animal pick up and removal is provided by a private contractor.
Dead animals are an ideal medium for bacterial growth.
Dead animals are consumed by decomposers, and thus the nutrients get mixed up back into the soil.
Dead animals are located in freeways.
Dead animals are located in streets.
Dead animals are never very pretty or do they look as they do when alive.
Dead animals can also be a tasty treat.
Dead animals can be carriers of disease.
Dead animals can t change and grow.
Dead animals comprise a small, but identifiable, portion of the solid waste generated in Kansas.
Dead animals continue to use oxygen and give off carbon dioxide as they rot and decay.
Dead animals decompose extremely slowly in the cold, dry atmosphere.
Dead animals exhibit massive swelling in the areas of the throat and brisket.
Dead animals lie around it now.
Dead animals provide food for smaller predators like fox, coyotes or raccoons, and fishers.
Dead animals provide food.
Most dead animals provide food.
Some dead animals eat animals.
Some dead animals eat dead animals.
Some dead animals eat other animals.
Some dead animals have chances.
Some dead animals kill predators.
Dead aphids remain attached to plant leaves and eventually dry up.
Dead areas advance inward between the leaf veins.
Dead areas are dark brown and initially appear water-soaked.
Dead areas develop at the tips and margins.
Dead areas form on leaves several days after exposure to excessive cold.
Dead babies are a commodity in America today.
Dead babies have to be taken to the discharge point, represented at the top left by a deaths head.
Dead babies make the best chomp.
Dead baby guts in the morning.
Dead bait works fine.
Dead ball results with batter advancing to first base.
Dead ball takes position and the live ball guards the wicket.
Dead bards stench every coast.
Dead bark falls off the cankered area .
Dead batteries are the leading cause of detector problems.
Dead batteries are the most common cause of camera failure.
Dead batteries are trash, too, though less visible.
Dead batteries can be fatal.
Dead batteries can cause a variety of problems for users.
Dead batteries recharge in about an hour.
Dead beings are all pretty quiet.
Dead birds are also an important indicator of West Nile virus.
Dead birds are corpses.
Dead birds are located in streets.
Dead birds are rare, more desirable than dogs or cats.
Dead birds are the earliest and easiest means of monitoring the emergence of the virus.
Dead birds are yucky.
Dead birds can be an indication that West Nile virus is present in an area.
Dead birds have blood.
More dead birds means more opportunities for mosquitos to pick up the disease and spread it.
Most dead birds have blood.
Dead bison provide an important source of food for scavengers and other carnivores.
Some dead boars find on beaches.
A dead body is a natural object
Dead bodies appear in unlikely places like motel closets, motel beds and things of that ilk.
Dead bodies are cold.
Dead bodies are located in basements.
Dead bodies are located in cellars.
Dead bodies are located in closets.
Dead bodies are located in funerals.
Dead bodies are located in trunks.
Dead bodies are located in war.
Dead bodies are out of proportion to the scale of the map.
Dead bodies are unsightly, but traffic lights are unspeakable.
Dead bodies are useless.
Dead bodies can slip into sewers if half their body is already hovering over the edge.
Dead bodies do no make comfortable beds.
Dead bodies fill our telly screen.
Dead bodies get smelly and rot until only bones are left.
Dead bodies pose little disease threat to disaster stricken communities.
Dead bodies return to dust, together with many other material objects.
Dead bodies roam in from the next-door cemetery reciting poetry.
Many dead bodies are still under the debris.
Dead bolts are among the most secure locks.
Dead bootleggers play dirty and they play for keeps.
Dead branches are easier to find before the leaves drop.
Dead branches are easily combustible.
Dead branches are preferred to living ones, presumably for greater prey visibility.
Dead branches are reddish brown.
Dead branches can break and fall at any time.
Dead branches falling calm weather indicates rain.
Dead branches litter the area.
Dead branches occur on almost all trees, even healthy ones.
Dead bugs are the fifth key component.
Dead bugs can be to our advantage in more ways than one.
Dead butterflies are an especially ill omen.
Dead canes can continue to produce conidia and remain a source of infection for several years.
Dead cats are especially important to the boys, as they are very powerful and have many uses.
Dead cats tell no tales.
Dead celebrities appear through no commercial endorsement.
Dead cells accumulate and can put pressure on surrounding tissues.
Dead cells appear as round fragments next to others still in the process of degenerating.
Dead cells are exceptions among bryophytes, but very common in flowering plants.
Dead cells are traditionally white, live cells black.
Dead cells can cause all sorts of artefacts.
Dead cells have a naughty ability to nonspecifically binding antibodies.
A dead center is a position
Dead center is a star of black lines surmounted by sprays of silver gray.
Dead center is dead wrong.
Some dead charges apply.
Every dead child symbolizes the profits pocketed by the manufacturers and dealers in weaponry.
Dead chipmunks eat food.
Dead chipmunks to eat food.
Most dead chipmunks eat food.
Dead churches are fairly quiet.
Dead churches focus on programs.
Dead churches fossilize.
Dead churches have no worry about space problems.
Dead churches have nothing but.
Dead churches have stagnant leaders.
Dead churches operate totally by human sight.
Dead churches relive nightmares.
Dead churches take in more than they ever dreamed of spending.
Dead churches worship their past.
Dead coat forms mats if neglected, and skin problems can develop amazingly fast under the mats.
Dead code is a very usual phenomenon.
Dead code means unnecessary, inoperative code that can be removed.
Dead code serves no useful purpose in the system.
Dead copy is the previous version, often a copyedited manuscript.
Dead coral is bleached white, stressed to death by environmental factors.
Dead coral is white.
Dead corals decay faster into sand than live corals.
Dead cows provide decent cover.
Dead crabs deteriorate quickly and smell.
Dead crickets have an offensive smell.
Dead crows are a lot more visible than dead wrens or sparrows.
Dead cycles are the hours computers sit idle.
Some dead dolphins wash up on beaches.
Some dead dolphins wash up on east coast beaches.
Some dead dolphins wash up on gold coast beaches.
Dead dreams are just as sad and a dream's carcass smells worse.
Dead drift nymphing usually produces triple the hook-ups.
Dead drift nymphs early in the morning and fish dries later in the day till dark.
Dead drifts are the key to catching fish here.
Dead eggs can be a problem, too.
Dead eggs rise to the top of the jars and are siphoned off each day.
Dead eggs turn white and fungus.
Dead embryos contain many differentiated cell types but fail to undergo proper morphogenesis.
A dead end is passage
Dead ends are a killer.
Dead ends are much easier to recognize.
Dead ends bring no food, no mate, or even predators.
Dead ends have to identify themselves as such as simply die.
Dead faith brings idle words.
Dead faith can exist in a person or in a church.
Dead faith is inactive faith.
Dead faith means there is no works.
Dead females are dark yellow or brown and are dried rather than plump.
Dead fingers stretch themselves to tear it down.
Dead fingers talk.
Dead fish are capable of floats.
Dead fish are located in beachs.
Dead fish are omens of disappointment or discouragement.
Dead fish are pretty.
Dead fish can attract sharks .
Dead fish can attract sharks.
Dead fish can decay in just days, creating a spike in ammonia and nitrite .
Dead fish feel abnormally limp.
Dead fish find in ponds.
Dead fish turn their glazed eyes to the shifting fog.
Dead fish wash up on beaches around Texas and Florida.
Every dead fish is money in the bank as it is shipped to market.
Most dead fish find in ponds.
Some dead fish find in rivers.
Dead fleas dont lay eggs.
Dead flowers are organic matter.
Dead flowers is very different.
Dead flowers provide a ready source of tissue for preliminary colonization.
Dead flowers turn brown and cling to the plants instead of falling to the ground.
Dead flux includes forest floor and soil.
Dead flies are located in windowsills.
Dead flies are no good.
Dead flies give perfume a bad smell.
Dead flies putrefy the perfumer's ointment, . . .
Dead foliage persists on some cultivars and makes it difficult to use.
Some dead folks have big cheeks too.
Dead food kills.
Dead foods equals dull, lifeless, often times diseased birds.
Dead forms deny the power of godliness.
Some dead frogs eat dragonflies.
Dead fronds persist to form a 'skirt'.
Dead ghosts arise and form themselves into zombies.
Dead girls leave homes.
Most dead girls leave homes.
Dead grass appearing in the tire tracks from riding lawn mowers can be a hot weather problem.
Dead grass is a one hour fuel.
Dead grass is brown.
Dead grass is used to make the nest.
Dead grass takes on a brownish-yellow color and the blades are stiff.
Dead greats are multitudinous, of course.
Dead ground occurs.
Dead guys can be life of the party.
Dead hair can cause skin irritation and thus needs to be gone.
Dead hair is removed by plucking, and hair on the ears, legs, and neck is also thinned out.
A dead hand is influence
Dead hands are all hands that are no longer eligible to win the pot.
Dead hardwoods seem to be particularly prone to crown shatter.
Dead heading produces rebloom in fall.
Dead hope arises out of things that wear out.
Dead horses smell bad.
Dead hosts provide less nourishment.
Dead hotels tell no tales.
Dead insects work well and are less likely to crawl off.
Dead jellyfish can also be hazardous to beachgoers.
Every dead journalist is a victory in the media war.
Dead keys provide an easy way to type accented letters.
Dead krill are opaque and their bodies are usually curled up.
Dead lake is partly in the township and it covers two more sections of land.
Dead language is language
Dead languages are a great place to start.
Dead larvae change gradually from a healthy pearly-white to light brown and then to a darker brown.
Dead larvae lie behind perforated cappings.
Dead leafs are located in forests.
Dead leafs are located in piles.
Dead leafs are located in trees.
Dead leaves are an important source of energy for river ecosystems.
Dead leaves are an orange-brown colour.
Dead leaves fall from trees.
Dead leaves fall to the ground, which helps to control brown spot fungus.
Dead leaves make good mulches in flower beds or among vegetables as do wood chips.
Dead leaves surround the gas meter.
Dead leaves are optional.
Dead leaves can harbor spores of harmful fungi.
Dead leaves fill empty graves, and one open vault was flooded.
Dead leaves lack adequate nitrogen for rapid decomposition.
Dead leaves persist on twigs over the winter.
Dead leaves prevent herbicides from being effectively absorbed.
Dead leaves remain attached to stems.
Dead leaves remain upright.
Dead leaves rise and clatter on the cold ground.
Most dead leaves fall from trees.
A dead letter is a state
Dead letters are albums.
Dead letters are letters.
Dead letters are states.
Dead letters fall from our shedding skins.
Dead letters reveal the indecipherability of private history.
Dead letters stand in for the oblivion of the dead.
Dead limbs are a red-flag signal for prompt action.
Dead limbs are an accident waiting to happen.
Dead limbs attract insect and disease-causing organisms.
Dead links are a Bad Thing.
Dead links are a killer.
Dead links are a sign of poor maintenance.
Dead links are a sure sign of a neglected site.
Dead links are deleted as soon as detected, please report bad links.
Dead links are inevitable.
Dead links are minimal and new patterns are added frequently.
Dead links are our enemy.
Dead links frustrate users.
Dead links give the impression of sloppy workmanship.
Dead links kill web sites.
Dead Links -Recommend freshening of the content of the pages, getting rid of stale or dated content.
Dead links ruin a WebRing.
Dead links suck.
Dead lobsters consume oxygen in the water when they decompose.
Dead males taken from the trap look nice.
Dead man blues u.a.
Dead man pays library fine.
Dead man switch When the message is established, a second key is passed to the client.
Dead men are albums.
Dead men are dead and unable to resurrect, just as in real life.
Dead men are easier to find than living ones.
Dead men are films.
Dead men are heavy.
Dead men are hopeless men.
Dead men do bleed.
Dead men do tell tales.
Dead men do tell their tales.
Dead men don t alter courses.
Dead men don t obey.
Dead men don t talk.
Dead men leave eyes for others.
Dead men tell no secrets.
Dead men tell no tales There is a virtual state of emergency in Jamaica.
Dead men tell no tales, after all.
Dead men tell no tales, but the questions they inspire can be immortal.
Dead men tell no tales.
Dead martyrs are useless as vassals.
Dead material is inadequate for disease diagnosis.
Dead math tells no tales.
Dead matter is squashed under extremely high pressure over millions of years.
Dead matter is stable, living matter is unstable.
Dead Men Walk .
Dead miscreants Enter the decrepit necropolis .
Dead mites are more easily vacuumed up, so thorough post treatment vacuum cleaning is essential.
Dead money is money that was put in a pot by a player who has since folded.
Dead murderers have no privacy interest outweighing the huge public risk involved here.
Dead needles remain attached to the branches.
Dead needles show rows of black fruiting bodies.
A dead nettle is a nettle
Dead nettle is a poisonous plant.
Dead nits are silvery-coloured and easier to see.
Dead nits remain attached to the hair shaft until they are combed out or the hair falls out.
Dead objects live on.
Dead ones are dark brown and are dried rather than plump.
Dead ones are probably more so.
Dead organisms are swept into seas and swamps then settle to the bottom with the sediments.
Dead organisms contain compounds.
Dead organisms contain nitrogen compounds.
Dead organisms decay quickly in the hot, moist rain forest environment.
Dead organisms tend to fall apart.
Most dead organisms contain compounds.
Most dead organisms contain nitrogen compounds.
Dead organizations are never successful.
Dead orthodoxy is as dangerous as live liberalism.
Dead pages produce nothing.
Dead painters are the patrons sitting at the four tables.
Dead palms are the preferred nest as they are hollowed out by large grubs after the tree has died.
Dead parks wither in sunless darkness.
Dead patches are small at first, but enlarge as grubs grow and expand their feeding sites.
Dead patches become more noticeable as the summer growing season progresses.
Dead pedal is sold separately.
Dead people servers have bias.
Dead people are all there is to see.
Dead people are capable of meet makers.
Dead people are cool.
Dead people are dead.
Dead people are free.
Dead people are generally technologically savvy and prefer on-line music distribution.
Dead people are located in funerals.
Dead people are located in war.
Dead people are lonely people.
Dead people are one thing.
Dead people are patient.
Dead people are sometimes parties to it.
Dead people are the only things that stand still.
Dead people are weird.
Dead people arn't sad, dead people arn't happy.
Dead people can t sin.
Dead people have a picnic in the woods and are healed by a guy with a chainsaw.
Dead people have hundreds of rights in law, eg to control the inheritances and copyrights.
Dead people have no place among the living.
Dead people lie that way.
Dead people marching the stars sing, air is still.
Dead people smell horrible.
Dead people sound more interesting.
Dead people stay dead.
Dead people tell tales.
Dead people use shampoo that comes in a green bottle.
Dead people vote.
Dead people walk and talk.
Most dead people save life.
Some dead people walk around for years before they are buried.
A dead person is a person
Dead people save life.
Dead person is buried in grave usually without coffin.
Dead pests are in gray.
Dead petals cry no more.
Dead philosopher plays role.
Dead phytoplankton can sink to the ocean floor.
Dead planets find equilibrium by geological circuits.
Dead plankton make up an important element of the organic bottom layer of estuaries.
Dead plant matter provides vitamins.
Dead plants are often red-brown to brown in color and matted together.
Dead plants are useless for identification.
Dead plants can t change and grow.
Dead plants decompose, and provide nutrients for other plants.
Dead plants disintegrate into sand.
Dead plants have less free prussic acid.
Dead plants provide peat moss.
Dead plants send a message of neglect.
Dead plants serve as a perch before slowly decomposing into mulch.
Dead players tell no tales.
Dead Presidents Sounds like a rather morbid site.
Dead Presidents Visit the gravesites of all the dead presidents.
Dead puppies are truly a gift for everyone.
Dead quality is gone.
Dead radiators means there's no heat forthcoming.
Some dead restrictions apply.
Dead right is just as dead as dead wrong.
Dead rivers result, incapable of sustaining life.
Dead roots are dark brown all the way through, and snap.
Dead ropes are to be used only for the purpose of cording off unsafe areas.
Dead scales are dark brown and dried rather than plump.
Dead scales are dry.
Dead sea cows.
Dead sea is lakes.
Dead Sea scrolls .
Dead sea scrolls information.
Dead Sea scrolls.
Dead seeds leak the material, and fluoresce under ultraviolet light.
Dead sharks sink to the ocean floor where they are covered by layers of sand and silt.
Dead shoes look very much the part.
Dead shoots are more common in the lower portion of the tree.
Dead shoots bend slightly and resemble a shepherd's crook.
Dead shoots bend, forming a shepherd's crook.
Dead shortcuts link to files or programs that no longer exist.
Dead shrimp are excellent bait for tipping all types of jigs.
Dead silence is a scary thing.
Dead sites are boring.
Dead skin builds up on the scalp.
Dead skin surrounds flesh.
Dead skin surrounds salty flesh.
Most dead skin surrounds flesh.
Most dead skin surrounds salty flesh.
Dead snags are burnt-out candles.
Dead snags stand amid thick grasses, willow and black alder shrubs.
Dead snail is buried.
Dead snails give off a very strong, repugnant order.
Dead snakes can bite.
Dead soldiers litter the scene, if they die at the beginning they stay there till the end.
Dead sole is usually flaky and contains many fissures.
Dead songs live, and the lives of listeners everywhere are better for it.
Dead space can delay healing and serve as a site for bac-terial growth and fluid accumulation .
Dead space is inside the nose, throat, and bronchi.
Dead space is much more noticeable on the phone than at an in-person interview.
Dead space is unchanged.
Dead space is video games.
All dead space is closed with the approximation of remaining tissue.
Dead specimens are yellowish brown.
Dead sperm whales wash up on coasts.
Dead sperm whales wash up on south coasts.
Dead sperm fail to swell under the same conditions.
Dead spots can appear on potatoes in the youngest tissues.
Dead spies transmit false intelligence to enemy spies.
Some dead squids wash up on beaches.
Dead stalks are very sharp and can easily skin knuckles when harvesting new spears.
Dead stalks can remain poisonous for two or three seasons.
Dead stems can persist for several years.
Many dead stems are present and many green stems have large blackened areas.
Dead stock is a product of purchasing, sales, accounts receivable and company philosophy.
Dead stock is the term used for food stocks and equipment.
Dead stone radiates influence with opposite sign.
Dead storage is unknown.
Dead stumps can persist for decades.
Dead tank sprites no longer disappear.
Some Dead tapes sound better cranked up and heard in another room, anyhow.
Dead terminals remain on trees for years although they are eventually reduced to a stub.
Dead things stay dead.
All dead things can come to life.
Dead thrill rides.
Dead tillers are grey or blackened and show no green in the stem.
Dead time extends until the ball is put back into play by a player on the team awarded the ball.
Dead time is calculated in terms missed counts versus total counts.
Dead time is most noticeable during transitions to different formations, and with stunting.
Dead time is over.
Dead tissue occurs then on the older leaf tips and progresses towards the base.
Dead transistors mean dead satellites.
Dead transistors mean dead spacecraft.
Dead tree trunks standing solemnly in still, murky waters gives the dam a surreal quality.
Dead trees are a fuels problem.
Dead trees are a source of food, shelter and homesites for wildlife.
Dead trees are a vital part of habitats.
Dead trees are an important feature of a healthy forest ecosystem.
Dead trees are good.
Dead trees are located in forests.
Dead trees are organic matter.
Dead trees become candles, and then torches.
Dead trees become snags, which provide habitats for birds and rodents.
Dead trees fall in, pile up, and obstruct water flow.
Dead trees fall over and become homes for ants and insects, which bears eat.
Dead trees give birth to new life.
Dead trees have coverage.
Dead trees have lichen coverage.
Dead trees head the list for tree removal consideration.
Dead trees located above current treeline testify to the dynamic behavior of treeline in the past.
Dead trees lying on the ground also are important.
Dead trees play an important role in attracting birds too because they're often loaded with insects.
Dead trees provide a home or food source for both plants and animals.
Dead trees provide evidence of erosion problems on Wye Island.
Dead trees provide habitat for a wide variety of insects, birds, and other animals.
Dead trees provide habitat for many species which utilize snags for nesting, roosting or foraging.
Dead trees provide habitats.
Dead trees provide homes for birds and other wildlife.
Dead trees provide homes for cavity nesting birds.
Dead trees provide homes.
Dead trees provide nest sites too.
Dead trees provide perches and homes for many birds.
Dead trees provide snags and habitats for many species.
Dead trees provide valuable habitats.
Dead trees return nutrients to the soil as they decay.
Dead trees stand out starkly against southern Utah rocks and sky.
Most dead trees have coverage.
Most dead trees provide habitats.
Most dead trees provide homes.
Most dead trees provide valuable habitats.
Some dead trees cause damage.
Some dead trees provide food.
Dead turkey is next and finish it off with select cut.
Some dead turtles find on beaches.
Some dead turtles wash up on beaches.
Dead variables are ones that are never read - even if they've been given a value.
Dead vegetation renews the soil and prevents erosion.
Dead vegetation settles and becomes peat, a precursor of coal.
Dead vermin can also cause unusual smells often associated with hauntings .
Dead vermin can also cause unusual smells often associated with hauntings.
Dead wasps are abundant in some carpeted areas, such as the individual study spots.
Dead websites drift in cyberspace like so much internet debris.
Dead weeds grow in randomly placed patches.
Dead week is students' final chance before the semester culminates in finals.
Dead week is the week prior to final examinations.
Dead weight is a measure of the weight of the ship.
Dead weight is weight
Dead weights load a stationary block against a moving ring through a compound lever system.
Dead whales find along coasts.
Dead whales tell tales of sea ice decline.
Dead whales wash up on coasts.
Dead whales wash up on south coasts.
Most dead whales find along coasts.
Most dead whales wash up on coasts.
Most dead whales wash up on south coasts.
Some dead whales wash up on shores.
Dead wires droop from the floors of a sliced wing and lamp fixtures remain on the ceiling.
Dead wires jra .
Dead women tell no tales.
Dead wood accumulating around buildings and homes often serves as a source of infestation.
Dead wood can be hard to find when snow is heavy.
Dead wood can be the life of a garden.
Dead wood is both home and food to an enormous number of tiny living things.
Dead wood is brown, has no live buds and has a brown or grey pith.
Dead wood is brown, has no live buds, and has a brown or gray pith.
Dead wood is collected to build a fire for warmth and as fuel for cooking.
Dead wood is everywhere.
Dead wood is home for many species of insects, spiders and reptiles.
Dead wood is removed, fungicide is injected and plant pathology tests are run.
Dead wood is scattered on the ground and it is as interesting as the trees themselves.
Dead wood offers a prime entry point for pathogens like bacteria and fungi.
Dead wood provides nesting sites for both predacious ants and birds.
Dead wood running sap's tree's blood oozes thicker than blood.
Much dead wood is found at the beginning of sentences.
Some dead wood leads to diseases.
Some dead wood provides shelter.
Dead wool taken from slaughtered animals by chemicals is dry, brittle and abrasive.
Dead words are live words ,live words are dead words.
Dead worms smell like cadavers.
Dead worship is death to evangelism.
Dead zones are aquatic areas incapable of supporting life.
Dead zones are books.
Dead zones occur when transmission signals are weak, or all together dead.
Dead zones start as an infrequent occurrence, showing up every two or three years.
Some dead zones affect fisheries.
A dead is a people
Dead Can Dance .
Dead Can Dance.
A deadbeat dad is a deadbeat
Many deadbeat dads are homeless, and an even greater percentage are poor.
Deadbeat fathers are divorced fathers.
Deadbeat parents costs taxpayers fifty million dollars a year.
A deadbeat is a person
Deadbeat roommates Smoking neighbors Find out about a neighborhood .
Deadbeats are a negative influence on the entire industry.
Deadbeats are nothing but selfish people, who never grew up.
Deadbeats always try to slow down the process.
A deadbolt is a bar
Deadbolt locks on apartment entrance doors.
Deadbolt locks with at least a one-inch throw, or rim locks, are the most secure.
Deadbolts also come with single-cylinders.
Deadbolts are a necessity and provide added security.
Deadbolts are at wheelchair level.
Deadbolts are only as good as the door and frame they are installed in.
Deadbolts can be a single cylinder or double cylinder.
Deadbolts provide excellent physical security at a very reasonable cost.
Deadbolts Provides added security on exterior doors.
A deadeye is a disk
Deadeyes work the same, but have only holes in wooden blocks instead of pulleys.
A deadhead is a person
Deadhead foxglove flowers for a second flush of blooms.
Deadheads are a natural for on-line life.
Deadheads are audiophiles.
Deadheads are people.
Deadheads are public transport.
Deadheads come in an amazing variety of shapes, sizes and flavors.
Deadheads love to love people.
Deadheads take note.
All deadheads welcome.
Some Deadheads sell grilled cheese, others organize info.
A deadlight is a shutter
Deadlights dude with listener.
A deadline is a point
Deadline call for applications for cooperation agreement projects.
Deadline dates for each application.
Deadline dates shown are for the current academic year.
Deadline dates to apply vary by program, and programs have individual prerequisites .
Deadline determines costs.
Deadline is each monthly meeting for the next issue.
Deadline lead assignment.
Deadline nears for Environmental Awards nominations.
Deadline nears for funding requests.
Deadline nears for optionares After initial disbelief, accountants are scrambling to warn workers.
Deadline passes for pro-Indonesian militias in East Timor to surrender their weapons.
Deadline passes with no news of hostages' fate.
Deadline pressures prior to submission of the proposal are often intense.
Deadline pressures to get the code in place and working leave little time for documentation.
Deadline refers to encouraged letters of intent.
Deadline refers to postmark dates.
Deadline refers to required letter of intent.
Deadline refers to required letter of interest.
Deadline remaine open until positions are filled.
Deadline varies according to conference date.
Deadline varies between scholarships.
Deadline varies by department.
Deadline varies by program.
Deadline varies each term.
Deadlines allow for receipt of financial aid funds if applications are filed by the deadline.
Deadlines also vary from program to program.
Deadlines apply as per above categories.
Deadlines apply each semester for obtaining a refund.
Deadlines apply for all funding opportunities listed below.
Deadlines apply for charging books to any type of financial aid or third party.
Deadlines apply for the purposes of visas and home placement.
Deadlines apply so please review the information early.
Deadlines apply to changing sections.
Deadlines approaching Several important deadlines are fast approaching.
Deadlines are a critical part of a journalist's work.
Deadlines are a fact of life.
Deadlines are a guideline for receipt of applications.
Deadlines are a harsh reality of life and business.
Deadlines are a key element of journalists' lives.
Deadlines are a normal part of our lives.
Deadlines are a part of every business, even home-based ones.
Deadlines are a source of stress.
Deadlines are a very critical aspect of our business.
Deadlines are a way of life in the printing business.
Deadlines are absolute and proposals received after a deadline are returned to the applicant.
Deadlines are absolute.
Deadlines are advanced one day when proofs are requested.
Deadlines are advanced, normally by one day, for all government holidays.
Deadlines are also a fact of life in advertising.
Deadlines are also accessible directly from ORDA's home page.
Deadlines are also available on the tabular summary.
Deadlines are also the same unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Deadlines are always the last day of the month before a new issue.
Deadlines are always there to be met.
Deadlines are an absolute reality for journalists.
Deadlines are an absolutely necessity.
Deadlines are an important part of an independent project.
Deadlines are an important part of the legislative rules and schedule.
Deadlines are an inescapable component of broadcast writing.
Deadlines are an ingrained part of most cultures.
Deadlines are approximately three weeks prior to the course presentation dates.
Deadlines are as important as communicating clear objectives.
Deadlines are available from the program office.
Deadlines are available here .
Deadlines are available on the Web site.
Deadlines are below.
Deadlines are certain and immutable.
Deadlines are commitments.
Deadlines are completely inflexible.
Deadlines are constant.
Deadlines are continuous.
Deadlines are critical and usually non-negotiable.
Deadlines are critical so begin the process early.
Deadlines are critical.
Deadlines are crucial .
Deadlines are crucial and delay can be fatal.
Deadlines are crucial in broadcasting.
Deadlines are crucial in the news business.
Deadlines are crucial.
Deadlines are deadlines and they've got to be met.
Deadlines are deadlines.
Deadlines are different for every scholarship.
Deadlines are different for every state.
Deadlines are different though.
Deadlines are early in the previous academic year.
Deadlines are early in the semester.
Deadlines are early in the year and regulations for applying differ from state to state.
Deadlines are early to facilitate setting up groups.
Deadlines are early, and only one seminar is permitted each quarter.
Deadlines are early, because planning is critical .
Deadlines are easier to meet, and internal resources are maintained.
Deadlines are especially firm for private and college-funded scholarships.
Deadlines are everything.
Deadlines are extremely import in most legal matters.
Deadlines are extremely important in desktop publishing.
Deadlines are extremely important in most legal matters.
Deadlines are extremely important in the editorial and production stages.
Deadlines are extremely important so that a more clear understanding of the profession is obtained.
Deadlines are extremely important.
Deadlines are fast approaching.
Deadlines are final and absolute, no exceptions for any reason.
Deadlines are final.
Deadlines are firm .
Deadlines are firm and strictly enforced to ensure fair treatment of all students.
Deadlines are firm so attention to the dates mentioned above is critical.
Deadlines are firm, unless an extension is granted.
Deadlines are firm.
Deadlines are for receipt of applications by the funding body.
Deadlines are for required letters of inquiry.
Deadlines are for submission of correct and complete paperwork.
Deadlines are Fridays, one week before publication.
Deadlines are good.
Deadlines are guidelines to insure all required documents are submitted.
Deadlines are immediate and the news appetite is unceasing.
Deadlines are immovable objects.
Deadlines are important and are strictly observed.
Deadlines are important and real.
Deadlines are important because they ensure that all graduation requirements have been fulfilled.
Deadlines are important here.
Deadlines are important in journalism.
Deadlines are important in the mass communication profession.
Deadlines are important to adhere to unless extenuating circumstances are present.
Deadlines are important to avoid procrastination.
Deadlines are important, as is full cooperation with medical school financial aid officers.
Deadlines are important, but everyone's gotta eat.
Deadlines are important.
Deadlines are in effect each term for appeals.
Deadlines are in place to make it fair for everyone.
Deadlines are in the early spring, for the teacher team arrivals the following autumn.
Deadlines are in the late fall and very early spring so start collecting applications now.
Deadlines are in the spring.
Deadlines are inflexible.
Deadlines are late.
Deadlines are likely to be drastically shortened.
Deadlines are merely strong suggestions.
Deadlines are more distant.
Deadlines are more important than correctness.
Deadlines are near.
Deadlines are necessary incentives to changing the status quo.
Deadlines are necessary to insure that tasks are completed.
Deadlines are no problem .
Deadlines are non-negotiable.
Deadlines are noon for exhibit news and reports of meetings.
Deadlines are normally at noon on Fridays for the following week's paper.
Deadlines are of paramount importance.
Deadlines are of the utmost importance to the author, the publisher, and the editors.
Deadlines are off target.
Deadlines are often at least a year in advance of when a student wishes to study abroad.
Deadlines are often crucial in sports medicine.
Deadlines are often earlier than application deadlines.
Deadlines are often far in advance of the study.
Deadlines are one month before publication dates.
Deadlines are one month before publication.
Deadlines are one semester earlier for external student teaching.
Deadlines are one week prior to Pre-Trip Meetings.
Deadlines are one week prior to the next session.
Deadlines are ongoing.
Deadlines are open.
Deadlines are points.
Deadlines are pro-rated for courses of shorter duration.
Deadlines are REAL .
Deadlines are real.
Deadlines are realistic.
Deadlines are receipt deadlines.
Deadlines are RED .
Deadlines are red.
Deadlines are sacred.
Deadlines are short or the marketing staff receives proposal information late.
Deadlines are short.
Deadlines are soon.
Deadlines are strict.
Deadlines are subject to change as laws and insurance policies changes.
Deadlines are subject to change in the event of a holiday.
Deadlines are subject to change without notice under special circumstances.
Deadlines are subject to change without notice.
Deadlines are subject to change.
Deadlines are such that copy is usually needed by the end of the conference week.
Deadlines are the bane of Web development.
Deadlines are the best thing for projects.
Deadlines are the essence of television news.
Deadlines are the first day of the month one month prior to publication.
Deadlines are the first month of the preceding issue month.
Deadlines are the first of the month prior to publication.
Deadlines are the hardest part.
Deadlines are the killers.
Deadlines are the last day of final examinations in each term.
Deadlines are the same as for classified ads.
Deadlines are the same as for display ads.
Deadlines are the same as for inserts.
Deadlines are the same as for other contributions.
Deadlines are the same as for the rest of the application.
Deadlines are the same as the study abroad application.
Deadlines are the same.
Deadlines are therefore one month following the current issue, for the following issue.
Deadlines are three weeks before the publication date.
Deadlines are throughout the year.
Deadlines are tight and budgets are even tighter.
Deadlines are tight and budgets tighter.
Deadlines are tighter and profit margins are slimmer.
Deadlines are towards the bottom.
Deadlines are two weeks before the event.
Deadlines are undetermined at the moment.
Deadlines are uniform and realistic.
Deadlines are useful things that focus the mind.
Deadlines are useful to make sure that things get done.
Deadlines are usually approximately two weeks after the deadline for defense of thesis.
Deadlines are usually tight.
Deadlines are usually two to four days ahead of publication time.
Deadlines are variable.
Deadlines are very early.
Deadlines are very effective.
Deadlines are VERY important .
Deadlines are very important for journalists.
Deadlines are very important in the field of animation and are part of the process.
Deadlines are very important to technical hiring managers.
Deadlines are very important.
Deadlines are very soon.
Deadlines are very tight for both parliamentary clients and the general public.
Deadlines are very valuable for producing results.
Deadlines are what really matter.
Deadlines are what they say, deadlines.
Deadlines are within the next three months.
Deadlines Be reasonable and honest when asking for a deadline.
Deadlines Be sure to complete application materials well ahead of the deadlines.
Deadlines become more critical.
Deadlines bring order to the job.
Deadlines Call for information about the deadline for mini-grant application.
Deadlines can affect coverage more than anything.
Deadlines can also be helpful during negotiations, or to get negotiations going in the first place.
Deadlines can also have a negative impact on creativity.
Deadlines can be a tricky part of the process of getting an internship.
Deadlines can be as much as nine months to a year away.
Deadlines can be kilometers in length.
Deadlines can be tight, and the pressure is often high.
Deadlines can be valuable and are sometimes even necessary.
Deadlines can be very hard to meet, and often require super human effort.
Deadlines can help to concentrate minds.
Deadlines can spur people to think creatively and come to a resolution on a long standing problem.
Deadlines can vary from school to school.
Deadlines change all the time, and course requirements also change.
Deadlines change during holiday weeks, please call for details.
Deadlines change every year.
Deadlines create a specific, if invisible, form.
Deadlines create action.
Deadlines create an energy building sense of team commitment toward getting results.
Deadlines crowd out doubt.
Deadlines depend on funding availability.
Deadlines dictate the standards.
Deadlines differ for each program.
Deadlines differ from term to term, due to the increasing time pressures as spring graduation nears.
Deadlines do apply for reservations.
Deadlines do vary from school to school.
Deadlines encourage activity.
Deadlines encourage people to respond when their interest is highest.
Deadlines ensure that the process is completed in a timely fashion.
Deadlines fall by the wayside.
Deadlines fall on the last days of odd-numbered months.
Deadlines falling on a weekend or holiday extend to the next business day.
Deadlines Following deadlines is crucial.
Deadlines get one s juices and thoughts flowing to create the desired result.
Deadlines get one's juices and thoughts flowing to create the desired result.
Deadlines Going to college for the first time involves a lot of busy work.
Deadlines have to be met.
Deadlines Help reporters meet deadlines.
Deadlines imply the beginning of class on the days inquestion.
Deadlines is a great list of competitions, conferences, and opportunities.
Deadlines Learn about important deadlines.
Deadlines listed are for receipt of applications by the funding body.
Deadlines listed below are approximate.
Deadlines listed below are estimations only.
Deadlines listed in the semester calendar apply.
Deadlines loom for business owners Tax deadlines are year-round for small businesses.
Deadlines loom like monsoons, and architectural elegance seems unattainable.
Deadlines lose importance, when they become the norm.
Deadlines make is published quarterly .
Deadlines mean nothing unless they are accompanied by a work plan.
Deadlines occur monthly.
Deadlines occur very early.
Deadlines overtake and harass with increasing regularity.
Deadlines Pay close attention to the deadlines listed for each on-campus interview schedule.
Deadlines play a key part to all aspects of a successful meeting.
Deadlines probably distinguish the features department the most from the news department.
Deadlines prohibit further testing.
Deadlines range from six to eighteen months in advance of travel date.
Deadlines refer to required letter of intent to apply.
Deadlines refer to sponsor receipt deadlines.
Deadlines remain noon seven days before desired publication.
Deadlines represent risk dates.
Deadlines run months before the semester starts.
Deadlines See here for deadlines.
Deadlines See the CFPS exam schedule .
Deadlines seem endless and impossible.
Deadlines Sending the right forms at the right times is crucial for receiving financial aid.
Deadlines shown are for receipt of applications by the funding body.
Deadlines squeeze our work.
Deadlines squeeze the schedule.
Deadlines stimulate action.
Deadlines tend to be earlier than university application deadlines.
Deadlines therefore are firm.
Deadlines varies by scholarships.
Deadlines vary .
Deadlines vary according to individual departments.
Deadlines vary according to institution.
Deadlines vary according to location.
Deadlines vary according to program.
Deadlines vary according to the program.
Deadlines vary according to the type of award offered.
Deadlines vary and are renewed each year.
Deadlines vary as well as dollar amounts of the awards.
Deadlines vary at each institution.
Deadlines vary based on the duration of the course.
Deadlines vary by agency and job location.
Deadlines vary by award.
Deadlines vary by category.
Deadlines vary by host institution.
Deadlines vary by institution and individual program.
Deadlines vary by product.
Deadlines vary by program area.
Deadlines vary by program category and subcategory.
Deadlines vary by program.
Deadlines vary by project.
Deadlines vary by region.
Deadlines vary by school.
Deadlines vary by semester.
Deadlines vary by site.
Deadlines vary by state.
Deadlines vary by store.
Deadlines vary depending on start dates of study.
Deadlines vary depending on the college.
Deadlines vary depending on the local community.
Deadlines vary depending on the program.
Deadlines vary depending on the specie.
Deadlines vary depending on the specific fellowship of interest.
Deadlines vary depending on the type of scholarship.
Deadlines vary depending on type and scope of request.
Deadlines vary depending upon the nature of the program.
Deadlines vary depending upon the scholarship.
Deadlines vary each year.
Deadlines vary for accelerated courses.
Deadlines vary for different departments.
Deadlines vary for different fields of study, but early application is always encouraged.
Deadlines vary for each project category and both funding levels.
Deadlines vary for each semester.
Deadlines vary for future volumes.
Deadlines vary for special elections to fill vacancies.
Deadlines vary for states other than Pennsylvania.
Deadlines vary from club to club.
Deadlines vary from country to country.
Deadlines vary from institution to institution.
Deadlines vary from one college to another.
Deadlines vary from program to program.
Deadlines vary from school to school.
Deadlines vary from state to state.
Deadlines vary from unit to unit.
Deadlines vary from year to year.
Deadlines vary greatly, so make it a point to check the list frequently.
Deadlines vary throughout the year.
Deadlines vary with each affiliate.
Deadlines vary with granting agency.
Deadlines vary with program.
Deadlines vary with programs, usu.
Deadlines vary with programs.
Deadlines vary with the size of the project.
Deadlines vary yearly.
Deadlines vary, as do the number of awards each year.
Deadlines vary, but are usually in early spring.
Deadlines vary, see web page .
Deadlines vary, see website for details.
Deadlines vary, so inquire soon and often.
Deadlines always have a way of bumping the stress-meter up a notch or two.
Deadlines often create pressure and require rapid work.
Deadlines often go unmet.
Deadlines usually fall on alternate Thursdays.
All deadlines apply for ordering new ads, cancelling ads or corrections.
All deadlines apply.
All deadlines are absolute and final.
All deadlines are absolute, and decisions made purely on the basis of academic merit.
All deadlines are absolute.
All deadlines are final unless prearranged with instructor.
All deadlines are final.
All deadlines are firm .
All deadlines are firm.
All deadlines are hard.
All deadlines are midnight of that day, unless otherwise noted.
All deadlines are on the Web site calendar .
All deadlines are postmark deadlines.
All deadlines are prior to publication.
All deadlines are receipt deadlines.
All deadlines are strict.
All deadlines are subject to change to accommodate holidays or special sections.
All deadlines are subject to change to accomodate holidays or special sections.
All deadlines are subject to change with no advance notice.
All deadlines are subject to change without notice. . .
All deadlines are subject to change.
All deadlines are the beginning of class the day the item is due.
All deadlines are to be adhered to.
All deadlines are to be met on schedule.
All deadlines are to be specified on the specifications or to be announced.
All deadlines listed are absolute .
All deadlines listed here are for full semester-length classes .
All deadlines refer to calendar days.
All deadlines still apply to e-mailed ads.
Any deadline dates.
Any deadline represents a temporary status quo.
Any deadlines are for receipt of all application materials in Columbus.
Every deadline specifies some temporal condition before which an action has to be performed.
Many deadlines are in the fall.
Most deadlines are in early fall.
Most deadlines are one month after the assignment.
Most deadlines fall before application deadlines.
Most deadlines occur in early fall.
Some deadlines are long, some are tight.
Some deadlines are subject to change, so it is wise to verify before applying.
Some deadlines are subject to change.
Some deadlines are to get a certain price.
Some deadlines listed are for abstracts only, paper deadlines are later.
Some deadlines vary by department.
Deadlock potential is a fact of concurrent life.
A deadlock is a situation
Deadlock also proves that mutual exclusion is occurring on the forks.
Deadlock is a global problem, a problem in the interaction of subsystems.
Deadlock is a major problem for systems that allocate resources in real-time.
Deadlock is a problem in any multithreaded program, and there's no simple solution for it.
Deadlock is one area where there is strong theory, but it's almost completely ignored in practice.
Deadlock is one of the most serious problems in concurrent programming.
Deadlock is the permanent blocking of a set of tasks.
Deadlock occurs when two activities are waiting each other and neither can proceed.
Deadlock reaches for a coat rack and removes a heavy winter coat.
Deadlock runs in hi-res, and the detail on the graphics is very fine.
Deadlock stops short of a glacier and emits a low growl.
Deadlocks are common in diplomacy.
Deadlocks are pretty rare.
Deadlocks are situations.
Deadlocks are then inevitable.
Deadlocks can never occur between readers and updaters.
Deadlocks latchbolt when door is closed.
Deadlocks occur when a thread needs a resource for which another thread has the lock.
Deadlocks occur when two or more programs are waiting to lock something.
Deadlocks sometimes occur.
Any deadlock is to be resolved by an arbitration process.
Some deadlocks have a double strike plate.
Deadlocked legislatures devastate market economies.
Deadly accidents happen and they are often caused by human failures and misjudgement.
Most deadly accidents happen at intersections.
Deadly assaults claim the lives of more taxicab drivers than any other fatal events.
Some deadly attacks take places.
Deadly bacteria pop up in fruit flies.
Deadly bacteria reproduce in less than one hour, doubling all the time.
Deadly beaches are less deadly.
Most deadly changes are.
Deadly chemicals continue to be sprayed onto the fields of Central and Eastern Europe.
Deadly dioxin releases into rivers and lakes.
Deadly diseases affect animals.
Deadly diseases are caused by genus.
Deadly diseases kill humans.
Deadly diseases kill hundreds of dolphins and manatees.
Deadly diseases seem to have no effect on world population, which inevitably increases.
Most deadly diseases affect animals.
Most deadly diseases are caused by genus.
Most deadly diseases kill humans.
Some deadly diseases are caused by abnormal proteins.
Some deadly diseases are caused by proteins.
Some deadly diseases are transmitted by infect rodents.
Some deadly diseases are transmitted by rodents.
Deadly earthquakes are the reason for the Bay Area's current spate of bridge rehabilitation.
More deadly firearms require less technology, and are easier to make.
Deadly floods invade Missouri.
Deadly force is absolutely a last resort.
Deadly force is justified if necessary to prevent commission of the act.
Deadly force is justified only in a shoot or be killed situation.
Deadly force is the use of any force that is likely to cause death or serious physical injury.
Deadly fumes can build up.
Deadly fumes can result from some reactions.
Deadly illnesses are caused by bacteria.
Most deadly illnesses are caused by bacteria.
Some deadly infection leads to destruction.
Deadly interaction includes the direct use of deadly means and the threat of using deadly means.
Some deadly microbes cause diseases.
A deadly nightshade is a herb
Deadly nightshade can be poisonous and stinging nettles sting.
Deadly nightshade is a plant that uses a toxin to protect itself from any predator.
Deadly nightshade is one of the most toxic plants in the Eastern Hemisphere.
Deadly nightshade is suitable for colds of sudden onset with sore throat, head congestion, fever.
Many deadly poisons act by damaging important enzymes.
Deadly Predators Learn about the defense mechanisms of local and exotic animals.
Deadly predators strike prey.
Most deadly predators strike prey.
Deadly riots lead to suspension of Islamic law.
Deadly snakes make sound.
Deadly snakes make swish sound.
Most deadly snakes make sound.
Most deadly snakes make swish sound.
Deadly spiders nest under toilet seats and have killed three people in Chicago.
Deadly weapon means anything designed for lethal use.
Deadly weapons are in the hands of children.
Deadly wind chills.
Deadtime correction is carried out.
Deadtimeless operation updates the output pulse to reflect the most recent input signal.
Deadweight loss is bcehg.
Deadweight loss is bchkj.
Deadweight loss is ceh.
Deadweight loss is chk.
Deadweight loss is the loss in total surplus due to an inefficient level of production.
Deadwood is a branch
Deadwood is also the center of snowmobile activity in the region.
Deadwood is as useless in technical documents as it is in trees.
Deadwood is branchs.
Deadwood is caused by fungi, another misunderstood but vital component of ancient trees.
Deadwood is located in the beautiful Black Hills of South Dakota.
Deadwood makes a good lunch break.
Deadwood makes a great hub for outdoor activity in the region.
Deadwood needs to be removed for safety and prevention of decay.
Deadwood offers a variety of fine dining establishments and casino gambling .
Deadwood tells the story of how western boomtowns grew and thrived and then started to decline.
Most deaf adults read English at the third or fourth grade level.
Every deaf child is different.
Some deaf children bear to parents.
Some deaf children learn to speak and lip-read a spoken language .
Some deaf children learn to speak and lip-read a spoken language.
Every deaf consumer is different.
Many deaf dancers can discriminate bass tones better than treble.
Some deaf dogs seem to love chasing a flashlight beam.
Most deaf individuals are capable of speech.
Some deaf individuals have no residual hearing.
Some deaf kids use sign language others can lip-read and speak.
Deaf people are people.
All deaf people are mute.
All deaf people can lip-read.
All deaf people can read lips.
All deaf people read lips.
All deaf people use sign language.
Many deaf people are strongly against the use of the cochlear implant.
Many deaf people can hear some sounds, such as low tones, fairly well.
Many deaf people consider the implants an attack on their culture.
Many deaf people find it very difficult to acquire verbal skills, especially reading.
Many deaf people have feelings of isolation and loneliness as well as social alienation.
Many deaf people have only a rudimentary understanding of anatomy, disease and medicine.
Many deaf people have some hearing.
Many deaf people have the ability to speak orally.
Many deaf people learn fingerspelling.
Many deaf people reject CIs because they want to wait for nerve regeneration.
Many deaf people use hearing aids and sign language in order to communicate.
Many deaf people use sign language to receive information and communicate.
Most deaf people are actually excellent communicators.
Most deaf people can learn to understand and speak a language at least to some modest degree.
Most deaf people can lip-read.
Most deaf people can read and write English as well as their hearing peers.
Most deaf people have a negative attitude towards blindness.
Most deaf people have some residual hearing.
Most deaf people use sign language and fingerspelling.
Some deaf people appreciate total communication, in which both sign and speech are used.
Some deaf people can also understand spoken words by looking at a speaker 's lips .
Some deaf people can also understand spoken words by looking at a speaker's lips.
Some deaf people can hear sounds, such as a bell ringing or a door slamming.
Some deaf people have no difficulties.
Some deaf people have problems with the use of written English.
Some deaf people sign, while others speak in all communication situations.
Some deaf people use sign language to communicate and consider English as their second language.
Some deaf people use sign language to communicate.
Some deaf people wear hearing aids.
A deaf person is a person
Most deaf persons have sensory neural hearing losses and the clarity of speech is affected.
Most deaf schools try to balance between hearing culture and deaf culture.
Many deaf students are eligible for vocational rehabilitation assistance.
Many deaf students can, and do, speak.
Many deaf students do well in a mainstream school with an interpreter.
Many deaf students have different language development backgrounds.
Most deafened people have tinnitus.
Deal flow seems to be rather healthy.
A deal is a transaction
Deal allows for extremely fast shape class and shape function computations.
Deal allows providers to service medical equipment.
Deal asks as the conversation continues.
Deal averts Man.
Deal can help.
Deal Click the button for the initial deal, or if instructed to draw an additional card.
Deal Click the button to start the next hand.
Deal covers geological formations, hiking trails, camping and other recreational opportunities.
Deal creates strongest e-shopper assurance program on the Internet.
Deal expands telecom's solutions for voice and data network customers.
Deal expects the number to increase when all the enrollment totals are calculated.
Deal face down onto each face-up card the number of cards needed.
Deal face up seven overlapping columns of five cards.
Deal follows four year land crisis Links to more Africa stories are at the foot of the page.
Deal helps portal site develop roots in bricks and mortar.
Deal includes everything, library, location, and secretary.
Deal is a great role model both in practice and competition.
Deal is a portable active imaging system which is easy to set up and use.
Deal is a program to deal cards.
Deal is backed by boards of both companies.
Deal is controlled by a standard lap-top computer.
Deal is done.
Deal is due.
Deal is for stock consideration.
Deal is harder to read than ever.
Deal is home to numerous small businesses and is a popular residential area.
Deal is located near Dover in Southeastern England.
Deal is off.
Deal is on a panel discussing crisis management.
Deal is to finnish kitchen first.
Deal is too small.
Deal keeps trying until the requested number of deals is accepted.
Deal kindly is the Hebrew word hesed .
Deal making is, after all, about who wants who more.
Deal now inherits the permitting challenge of developing the property.
Deal passes on clockwise.
Deal passes to the left for the next hand.
Deal passes to the left with subsequent rounds.
Deal passes to the left.
Deal passes to the next player.
Deal pauses for a second.
Deal produces strings of hands.
Deal provides numerous examples of leaders using symbolic activities.
Deal recalls with a chuckle.
Deal requires online giant to be more forthcoming with consumers.
Deal says in mock-exasperation that turns serious.
Deal sees schools as being at an important crossroads.
Deal Steps up on-line battle.
Deal then passes to the left.
Deals abound every day.
Deals abound for leftovers.
Deals abound, and comparison shopping is worthwhile.
Deals are about more than just dollars.
Deals are agreement.
Deals are allotment.
Deals are also pending with distributors in Germany, Brazil, Brazil and Mexico.
Deals are available for both members and nonmembers.
Deals are available from three of the four divisions.
Deals are back.
Deals are boards.
Deals are complex and require approaches closely tailored to different customers.
Deals are deals because there is give and take and it is messy.
Deals are deals.
Deals are distribution.
Deals are in line with people's expectations.
Deals are legion.
Deals are less likely to fall through .
Deals are nearly always available, so negotiate.
Deals are never static entities.
Deals are out there.
Deals are part of card games.
Deals are results.
Deals are subject to change daily.
Deals are transactions.
Deals are typically bilateral, based on national rather than international interest.
Deals are usually trustworthy if offered through reputable travel agents.
Deals can die The other advantage is control.
Deals can fall apart for any reason imaginable with both sides at fault.
Deals can take years to agree.
Deals certainly are possible.
Deals change daily so check often.
Deals change every week.
Deals change several times weekly.
Deals close faster.
Deals come apart and circumstances change.
Deals come from across North America and as far away as Asia.
Deals cut by unions are unaffected by the new rule.
Deals do exist, but they are exceedingly rare.
Deals do exist, however.
Deals do fall through.
Deals get made, things get drunk, and the wrong sorts of business go the right sorts of ways.
Deals have a value to our clients, as do lawsuits.
Deals have to be cut and votes traded.
Deals increase opportunity for anti-competitive behavior and government scrutiny.
Deals is like that.
Deals look great on their slightly oldfashioned website.
Deals made by small groups of people affect masses.
Deals offering free PCs often require consumers to subscribe to an online service for three years.
Deals range from discounts on lodging and lift tickets to lessons and rentals.
Deals save money .
Deals signal remaking of communications.
Deals take driving forces to produce good conclusions.
Deals vary from publisher to publisher and often from writer to writer within a publishing company.
Deals witht eh hidden truth behind a female business person's rise to power.
Deals usually take less than two minutes to consummate.
All deals are final, unless there is something severely wrong.
All deals are strictly between the buyer and the seller.
All deals are subject to credit approval.
All deals are subject to factory approval.
All deals have supporting figures and documentation and are password protected.
All deals listed are subject to change and availability.
Any deal is subject to approval by shareholders and regulators.
Every deal is another entry.
Every deal is different because of each client's unique business requirements.
Every deal is different, and every deal needs to be scrutinized carefully.
Every deal is different.
Every deal is either good or bad.
Every deal is important.
Every deal produces a flush.
Every deal seems to contain elements that no one has ever thought about before.
Many deals begin over bagels and coffee at the twice-annual meetings.
Many deals come around.
Many deals destroy value right from the beginning.
Many deals expire quickly, some on the day they are posted.
Many deals fail quite simply because the acquirer overpays.
Many deals fall apart after the due-diligence process.
More deals are in the works.
More deals are likely.
More deals are possible.
More deals can close.
More deals wait in the wings in airlines, communications and packaged food.
Most deals entail some sort of credit enhancement .
Most deals fail because of valuation expectation mismatch.
Most deals involve two Realtors, a listing and a buying agent.
Most deals require a series of decisions, and a weekly pulse is deathly slow.
Some deals always go through with adult porn .
Some deals are available on a four-day advance purchase basis.
Some deals are by weight with some 'store' animals sold at a price.
Some deals are easier to finalize successfully than others.
Some deals are even over funded.
Some deals are exceptional, though, and worth checking out once or twice.
Some deals are in the discussion phases, but there's nothing definite anyone can talk about yet.
Some deals are so last-minute that they disappear almost as soon as they're posted.
Some deals can be extremely complex.
Some deals involve options and some warrants.
Some deals seem too good to be true, and they are.
Some deals take weeks.
A dealer is a merchant
Dealer accounts available.
Dealer buy and sell drugs for a profit, which can be used to protect themselves.
Dealer calls only.
Dealer exposes another good card and another evil card.
Dealer exposes more cards in the center to match the number of remaining players.
Dealer further agrees that the promoter, organizers are merely providing the space in question.
Dealer plays with queen high or better.
Dealer provide work uniforms during school and dealer work periods.
Dealer reserves the right to make changes without notice.
Dealer reserves the right to substitute alternative brands.
Dealers accept special orders.
Dealers adjust prices to ensure that transactions take place.
Dealers advertise in most newspapers, television, and radio.
Dealers agree to charge our members a low, fixed profit margin over wholesale price.
Dealers also buy and sell amongst themselves, either directly or anonymously via bond brokers.
Dealers also can be hard to beat on new car financing, as well.
Dealers also can place buyer prospects on the list.
Dealers also get automatic software upgrades and nightly data backups.
Dealers also get extended benefits.
Dealers also get reports on leads.
Dealers also get their figures from weekly auctions that are closed to outsiders.
Dealers also sell appliances through print catalogs and the Internet.
Dealers also support the campaign in their own advertising.
Dealers appear in the darkness with a flashlight in one hand, a magnifying glass in the other.
Dealers are a great convenience, but no one sells parts in the backcountry or on the slopes.
Dealers are able to install leather seat surfaces with matching vinyl, including door panels.
Dealers are also available.
Dealers are also most welcome to join if they belong to a recognised trade association.
Dealers are also welcome to submit their listings.
Dealers are always around like lice.
Dealers are always available by phone or in person to assist in fit or styling questions.
Dealers are always welcome to participate at our annual show.
Dealers are always Welcome to take advantage of our Free space.
Dealers are always welcome.
Dealers are an essential part of the art business.
Dealers are an excellent resource of who does good work in their area.
Dealers are an important part of the home craft, sewing and embroidery learning process.
Dealers are another source.
Dealers are card players.
Dealers are channel partners.
Dealers are concerned about it because it can cut into their margins.
Dealers are firms.
Dealers are for drugs like speed and heroin.
Dealers are free to set individual prices.
Dealers are friendly with a little tipping and it's great practice.
Dealers are friendly.
Dealers are generally dependent on manufacturers as their sole-source supplier.
Dealers are in a dealing mood.
Dealers are in the business to maximize profits.
Dealers are independent and are free to set their own prices.
Dealers are just like other professional.
Dealers are like damn roaches.
Dealers are likely to be involved.
Dealers are located in casinos.
Dealers are more sensitive to their customers' satisfaction.
Dealers are responsible for all costs involved in sending out cards.
Dealers are responsible for all freight charges.
Dealers are responsible for major repairs.
Dealers are responsible for making their own updates.
Dealers are responsible for providing support to their own customers.
Dealers are responsible for what they are selling.
Dealers are retailers.
Dealers are right in the middle between the customer and the manufacturer.
Dealers are right to do so.
Dealers are sellers.
Dealers are the people who know stuff that consumers want to know about.
Dealers are the primary points of contact for customers.
Dealers are there to make money.
Dealers are thrilled to be listed by manufacturers.
Dealers are to offer most current price for the program to end-user.
Dealers are usually independently-owned but are often affiliated with a particular manufacturer.
Dealers are usually more willing to strike a deal when they have quotas waiting to be filled.
Dealers are welcome .
Dealers are welcome and encouraged to come.
Dealers are welcome on the list.
Dealers are welcome to call for discount pricing.
Dealers are welcome to inquire about wholesale pricing.
Dealers are welcome to post notes, but please limit items to no more than two or three per week.
Dealers are welcome to set up to sell.
Dealers are welcome.
Dealers are Welcome.
Dealers are willing to reduce the price more for slow movers.
Dealers ask about our wholesale range of items.
Dealers become indispensable to personal passions.
Dealers begin to de-stock the product in anticipation of reduced sales.
Dealers believe that the drug they are selling is, in fact, methamphetamine.
Dealers Below is a listing of our current Dealers.
Dealers breed like damn roaches.
Dealers bring all kinds of collectibles and antiques.
Dealers build their business around their in-depth knowledge of certain categories.
Dealers buy and sell .
Dealers buy and sell securities for their own or their firm's account rather than for a client.
Dealers Buy and sell securities for their own or their firm's account rather than for a client.
Dealers buy for profit.
Dealers call for our color catalog.
Dealers call for wholesale prices.
Dealers call today.
Dealers can add a spoiler and a fancy gas filler door.
Dealers can also access current rates and programs, calculate payments, and compare products.
Dealers can also benefit makers.
Dealers can also buy directly from the company at wholesale prices.
Dealers can also earn two-tier commissions.
Dealers can also easily reconfigure the device to meet their customers demands.
Dealers can also easily understand the why and how different products are structured and packaged.
Dealers can also find out what problems they re responsible for.
Dealers can also have their current stock of bikes displayed on the site, at no cost.
Dealers can also include rental car companies, car leasing companies and used car superstores.
Dealers can also mark the cards with little bumps that they can feel while dealing.
Dealers can also offer extended warranties, and can arrange consulting and installation services.
Dealers can also start their own billing service bureau to process checks for businesses.
Dealers can also use it to look for works for their clients.
Dealers can also use the product stand-alone on a personal computer or obtain paper pricing guides.
Dealers can always find somebody else to sell a car to.
Dealers can author, edit and place liners and display ads quickly.
Dealers can be back on the street the day after they're arrested.
Dealers can be more flexible when they negotiate with options because of the high margins involved.
Dealers can be up and running and making money from the internet within three months.
Dealers can be wonderful resources when it comes to cushion selection.
Dealers can calm down unless they fear competition at full retail.
Dealers can define a target audience and select a medium such as postcards, letters, or E-mail.
Dealers can download the survey here.
Dealers can easily add, modify, and delete listings.
Dealers can even request to be notified by email as the order passes through various stages.
Dealers can flip as many deals as they can find.
Dealers can get individual liability for about one hundred dollars a year.
Dealers can get information about pricing and availability of products, as well.
Dealers can list machines with unprecedented efficiency.
Dealers can log into the system and receive discounts based on multiple factors.
Dealers can log onto a secure Extranet and track their open orders.
Dealers can maintain a computer inventory of merchandise.
Dealers can make up any length of knife from a minimal amount of segments.
Dealers can more effectively order and track their products.
Dealers can nominate themselves for a free listing.
Dealers can normally sell one good system that often becomes their last.
Dealers can now view the full summer and winter range online.
Dealers can often arrange bank financing for the car.
Dealers can open online store in minutes.
Dealers can open their own store here.
Dealers can order directly from our web site.
Dealers can order online from the catalog or price list.
Dealers can pass along the savings to customers if they choose.
Dealers can place their order, check stock, or edit back orders at their convenience .
Dealers can play an important role in providing customer service.
Dealers can print price tags.
Dealers can provide brush meters for soybeans.
Dealers can provide manufacturers' toll-free numbers for technical questions.
Dealers can purchase anything from individual components to assembled float bowls, ready to run.
Dealers can put a removable piece of tape with the name and price of the item on the container.
Dealers can receive answers to loan inquiries over the Internet in three to five minutes.
Dealers can segment the reports by make, model, mileage and color.
Dealers can sell individual antiques or set up gallery-like areas featuring entire collections.
Dealers can sell on any other Web site, including their own, or consign to auction venues.
Dealers can send special offers to consumers.
Dealers can setup the night before.
Dealers can sign in at any show.
Dealers can sign up for training via the Internet.
Dealers can signup for a FREE trial.
Dealers can specialize in certain systems or do primarily residential work over commercial.
Dealers can t afford to lose sales to Internet retailers.
Dealers can take advantage of special insurance packages and coverage for dealership inventories.
Dealers can talk at any time during the show hours.
Dealers can track the status of saved and submitted proposals by logging in to our proposal manager.
Dealers can transfer funds, track inventory and check their account balances.
Dealers carry a large equipment inventory.
Dealers charge extra fees after that.
Dealers check there often to see if a recently acquired guitar needs a home.
Dealers click here .
Dealers click here for inquiries about wholesale purchases.
Dealers click here to register for a user name and password.
Dealers collect the commission check.
Dealers come from all over the world as do visitors.
Dealers command higher fees or commissions by taking on the risk of the success of the underwriting.
Dealers complete an invoice each time they purchase fish directly from fishermen.
Dealers consider price when they buy and again when they offer for sale.
Dealers courtesy extended.
Dealers currently have instructions.
Dealers deal directly with each other through the network.
Dealers decide whether to pass it on to customers.
Dealers decide whether to pass the savings to customers.
Dealers determine who wins a hand, and the amount of the payoff.
Dealers develop a sense for what colors of each pattern are popular at a given point in time.
Dealers differ in their acceptance of proof coins, with or without intact containers.
Dealers discount in an effort to stimulate interest.
Dealers do the work, often flat-rated.
Dealers dont want to get people addicted like that.
Dealers establish who is responsible for the postage.
Dealers expect further slowing in the growth rate of sales, especially of sport-utility vehicles.
Dealers expect heavy employee turnover in the next few months.
Dealers expect policy decisions from the new government for any action inthe spot rupee.
Dealers expect the issue to sail through without too much of a bother.
Dealers experience the value of being pooled with other dealers.
Dealers face many state and federal regulations when selling cars.
Dealers fear a slowdown in capital inflows owing to the military coup in Pakistan.
Dealers fight over turf, sellers and customers rob one another.
Dealers find it easier to promote their business and move stock online, yet have more competition.
Dealers follow the law when they advertise, display, and sell vehicles.
Dealers foresee some slowing in sales during the rest of the year.
Dealers generally carry higher end instruments and music stores carry lower end ones.
Dealers generally offer several makes and models from different manufacturers.
Dealers get a chunk of profit in exchange for that peace of mind.
Dealers get a jump-start in viewing the monthly catalog.
Dealers get even more.
Dealers get first shot ground floor pool side rooms, then people wanting to host a party.
Dealers get their very own personalised web addesss.
Dealers guarantee all merchandise to be genuine, as represented.
Dealers hate packing their cards back up and taking 'em home.
Dealers have a hard time attracting and holding professionals.
Dealers have a right to as much profit as they can make.
Dealers have a special duty to inspect a vehicle for indications of mileage alterations.
Dealers have an avenue to new clients.
Dealers have brand new models and last year's leftovers still on the lot.
Dealers have crystals in all sizes and colors from many localities.
Dealers have login access to the consumer service facility and parts warehouse.
Dealers have no legal responsibility to disclose a vehicle's history.
Dealers have other concerns.
Dealers have ready access to data on the vehicles on other dealers' lots.
Dealers have software that displays all of the detail available on each chart.
Dealers have the opportunity to send in their requests for information.
Dealers have the option of being notified following each activity.
Dealers have the option of packaging the guitar with any amp they choose.
Dealers have their own section on the website that only they can enter.
Dealers have to do fairs to sell to their clients.
Dealers have to earn a living, make a profit, stay in business.
Dealers have to inform consumers about locations where to return or dispose of used batteries.
Dealers have to join to sell items.
Dealers have trade secrets.
Dealers here say the value of dinosaur eggs depends mainly on their condition.
Dealers here sell all kinds of livestock including goats, sheep, and camels.
Dealers increasingly offer leases as an option to buying.
Dealers instruct the players, and loosen the rules as necessary to promote a good time.
Dealers keep crack prices high with little market influence.
Dealers know that it can be tough to sell rare coins when the economy is sputtering.
Dealers know their price limit.
Dealers know they walk a fine legal line.
Dealers known to growers sometimes act as guarantors for other dealers.
Dealers lacking volume buying power can now enjoy our special service.
Dealers list - basic information Includes name, address, tel., fax and general trade information.
Dealers list Publish the dealers list on the web site.
Dealers look and behave in certain ways, and are certain kinds of people.
Dealers love it.
Dealers love to lease, because they can earn twice the profit that they make on a standard sale.
Dealers love to lease.
Dealers make a killing The big spenders are in town or on the way.
Dealers make a LOT of money on the financing side of the vehicle sale.
Dealers make a percentage of all of the sales generated in their network.
Dealers make mistakes in computing taxes and the like.
Dealers make money by prompting customers to act.
Dealers make money from financing.
Dealers make money on loans.
Dealers make their living by buying for a lower price than they are selling at.
Dealers meet is very common in consumer company.
Dealers mix powdered crystal meth with other substances.
Dealers never sell pure heroin.
Dealers never touch the dice.
Dealers normally earn revenue from the sales of animal hides, meat, bones and by-products.
Dealers now encircle the harness racing track.
Dealers now have a powerful new way to buy and sell art worldwide - the Internet.
Dealers now have the option to display more than one image per listing.
Dealers now monitor their own progress, which puts less pressure on the measures.
Dealers offer a certificate of authenticity but no other valuable information.
Dealers offer a variety of instruments and leasing and purchasing options.
Dealers offer American and European antiques, art and collectibles.
Dealers offer discounts, gifts, free accessories, additional free car services etc.
Dealers offer duck stamp prints for purchase.
Dealers offer financing, often through the finance arm of the automaker.
Dealers offer minerals, geologic specimens, gems, jewelry, and fossils for sale.
Dealers offer the service by appointment, to meet the schedules of caregivers.
Dealers only deliver cars that customers have chosen well before they enter the dealership.
Dealers only please .
Dealers only please.
Dealers ought to include a barf bag in the glovebox.
Dealers owe it to the knife buying public to educate and to be patient.
Dealers pass law to exempt heavy-duty equipment from ad valorem taxes.
Dealers pay a very small monthly management fee and a percentage of their sales.
Dealers pay an established fee to rent their booths.
Dealers pay far less than individual collectors too.
Dealers pay the highest price for clean corrugated.
Dealers pay the on-line services a subscription fee to be included in the dealer networks.
Dealers pay the services for prospects.
Dealers perform a great service to the hobby.
Dealers phrases regarding their bosses and their customers.
Dealers play a critical role, in peddling truck tyres.
Dealers please inquire about availability and pricing.
Dealers please inquire about Wholesale pricing.
Dealers please inquire for availability and pricing.
Dealers please inquire.
Dealers point to richer patina and more character in old wood.
Dealers post the prices they are willing to pay on the blackboard.
Dealers post their inventory as collateral.
Dealers prefer to sell out of stock first.
Dealers provide a service - but it is an illegal activity and extremely risky.
Dealers provide competitive price quotes on new cars or trucks.
Dealers provide first line support for installation and support.
Dealers provide liquidity and market access.
Dealers provide sales, maintenance and repair services, rental equipment, and parts distribution.
Dealers provide service and maintenance along with marina services and winter storage.
Dealers publish extensive directories to provide a basis for consistent appraisal.
Dealers publish price guides for potential customers.
Dealers rank up there in popularity stakes with estate agents and lawyers.
Dealers receive incentives from lenders for loans they write.
Dealers receive monthly, computerized sales reports.
Dealers receive one free badge per table.
Dealers receive referrals and dealer pricing on software.
Dealers receive the customary benefits applied to the trade.
Dealers receive various discounts, depending on the item that they are ordering.
Dealers recognize that the growing number of women in the market are essential to their success.
Dealers refer to the money they make after the sale as the back-end.
Dealers regularly purchase from other dealers stamps that are needed to fill orders.
Dealers rely mostly on experience.
Dealers report it is required reading for their sales staffs.
Dealers report that relatively more buyers are purchasing new cars rather than used cars.
Dealers report that the third party nature of the calls encourages honest and objective feedback.
Dealers report very little going through, with few direct calls.
Dealers represent eighty percent of the material listed on the sell side of the auction.
Dealers request a password to the dealer web site here.
Dealers requiring bulk order prices can now make a bulk order inquiry from the website.
Dealers respond to hand gestures only.
Dealers revel in the Mormonesque simplicity of white shirt, black pants.
Dealers roll the di as well.
Dealers routinely do that, and usually end up with a fine and short sentence, often just parole.
Dealers routinely send photos of stored items to prospective buyers.
Dealers save big by cutting motor inventory in half.
Dealers say it has hurt sales in Michigan.
Dealers say it is about half as expensive as doing a show in New York City.
Dealers say it is their second-biggest seller after the Stars and Stripes.
Dealers say Italian officials never issue certificates.
Dealers say that is especially true with people who like to change cars every two to three years.
Dealers say that the market was largely held hostage to the rand and bond market.
Dealers say they are getting more inquiries from organized groups of homeowners.
Dealers say they are taking orders from farmers right along.
Dealers say they can also detect sewing differences.
Dealers sell new and used equipment, books, and parts.
Dealers sell securities to customers in the ordinary course of trade or business.
Dealers sh ould call to order a copy of the tape.
Dealers share their tokes here.
Dealers shop here during the week for items to sell on the weekend.
Dealers show their stuff.
Dealers shuffle a particular way, they deal a particular way, they pay money out a particular way.
Dealers sign up here .
Dealers simply direct a shopper's attention to the monthly payment.
Dealers specialize in art which they themselves like.
Dealers specify a delivery date when they place their bids.
Dealers still deliver the vehicle and conduct the pre-delivery inspection.
Dealers still slide cards in front of stone-faced blackjack and poker players.
Dealers stock their shops with unique new merchandise daily.
Dealers support the economy to a greater extent than other retailers.
Dealers take a different view.
Dealers take cops to dinner with free highs.
Dealers take-on a product, or service, for continuing promotion and sales.
Dealers target the clubs where young people go to enjoy themselves.
Dealers tell all about their customers.
Dealers tend to go by the book value because they all intend to re-sell the car.
Dealers tend to have large inventories, and often have several auctions running at the same time.
Dealers tend to put a good face on even desperate situations until after the point of no return.
Dealers then supply gold from their own vaults or borrow it from central banks.
Dealers then trade among themselves.
Dealers think they can break the rigid rules.
Dealers trade for their own account and risk.
Dealers trade with each other by dispatching order-carrying robots.
Dealers typically incur inspection, reconditioning and holding costs before selling a vehicle.
Dealers typically work with more than one provider.
Dealers use it by entering subcategory terms in their listings.
Dealers use one copy of a program to install illegal copies on many machines.
Dealers use one legally acquired copy illegally for installation on many machines.
Dealers use repo extensively to finance their positions.
Dealers use RPs to finance their inventories of securities.
Dealers wear collarless shirts with flowing sleeves in sea green, gold, and carnelian.
Dealers wear leopard print vests and white shirts.
Dealers wear the classic white shirts and black bow ties.
Dealers wear white shirts and blue jeans.
Dealers wear white shirts and gold vests with black lapels.
Dealers wear white shirts with black collars, and the change people wear Hawaiian shirts.
Dealers Welcome .
Dealers welcome at full wholesale discount.
Dealers welcome to buy and to sell.
Dealers Welcome. . . .
Dealers Welcome. . .
Dealers win by gaining a convenient way to place, expedite and track orders.
Dealers wish to get filthy stinking rich.
Dealers wishing net terms, send standard credit information via email.
Dealers wishing to be included in our dealer referral program please click here .
Dealers wishing to purchase a table can take advantage of our online sign-up form.
Dealers work with police on a daily basis on such issues.
Dealers always welcome.
Dealers frequently state a separate grade for a countermark applied to a more worn coin.
Dealers often are very flexible at the end of the year.
Dealers often belong to a regional association which puts out a subject guide to members.
Dealers often display their items on fine furniture that is also for sale.
Dealers often end up with items where-by they reassign a new history.
Dealers often fail to recognise the differences between the two.
Dealers often hand over cars before all the formalities are completed.
Dealers often have an interest in making a reputable secondhand sale.
Dealers often keep drugs in their underwear in the groin area.
Dealers often mark up paintings bought from sellers two or more times for resale.
Dealers often move elsewhere or stop dealing after an arrest.
Dealers often offer boat show discounts.
Dealers often offer lower financing rates than most financial institutions.
Dealers often operate search services for people who seek particular titles.
Dealers often sell below suggested retail.
Dealers sometimes get into a rhythm and the ball tends to fall into the same quadrant.
Dealers usually charge for installation.
Dealers usually get a better price break on student microscopes.
Dealers usually know their stock.
Dealers usually mention the stamp in their ads.
Dealers usually require that collectors clean, dry, and sort medicinal and herbal products.
Dealers usually sell above list price.
All dealers are in the UK, unless otherwise indicated.
All dealers are local, full-service dealers.
All dealers are responsible for the accuracy of fibre content declarations.
All dealers give participants in the program their bottom-line, best price upfront.
All dealers have a second password, called the Sales Password .
All dealers listed have excellent reputations for customer satisfaction.
All dealers make the same commissions.
All dealers qualify for our standard discounts and terms.
All dealers sign a certificate of authenticity which arrives with the piece.
Every dealer has a different opinions of what special finance is all about.
Every dealer sells the same product.
Many dealers advertise an approval service in stamp magazines.
Many dealers allow customers to take a rug home for a few days.
Many dealers also combine flavors to create additional choices.
Many dealers also conduct in-house training.
Many dealers also have limited knowledge of software.
Many dealers also have web sites.
Many dealers also offer trade-up possibilities unavailable through auction houses.
Many dealers also provide repair services.
Many Dealers also use their own grading criteria.
Many dealers are already worried about the drop in attendance at shows and shops.
Many dealers are also great sources of information for collectible villages and provide photos.
Many dealers are also publishers.
Many dealers are crooked.
Many dealers are even willing to share financial data with each other.
Many dealers are surprised by how little time it takes to develop a sizeable email database.
Many dealers are to be found wanting when it comes to servicing and repair.
Many dealers belong to more than one service.
Many dealers can install a ROPS on older model tractors.
Many dealers carry a wide selection of our products.
Many dealers charge a dealer documentation fee for paperwork preparation.
Many dealers combine the load analysis and site survey into one trip to minimise costs.
Many dealers consider the reservation deposit as the security deposit.
Many dealers drain the engine block and risers prior to storage.
Many dealers fail to follow up properly.
Many dealers feel obligated to promote it when it comes from a friend.
Many dealers find product returns for any reason to be a burden.
Many dealers have a different location or storage lot, where they store their new-car inventory.
Many dealers have design professionals on staff.
Many dealers have much more behind their table, than showing in their showcases.
Many dealers have on-line listings of new and used items in stock.
Many dealers have shops there.
Many dealers have well-illustrated web sites, which is a fun way to begin exploring.
Many dealers here specialize in used goods and antiques.
Many dealers know if the stones they are selling have been irradiated.
Many dealers lack the resources and mechanics necessary to properly diagnose and address a concern.
Many dealers now have much of their range catalogued on-line.
Many dealers now sell saltwater tackle.
Many dealers offer customers the option of choosing between black, brown, or red material.
Many dealers offer mail-order catalogs.
Many dealers offer service plans that offer reduced costs and convenient scheduling.
Many dealers provide a loaner car during both scheduled and emergency service procedures.
Many dealers provide the option to bring a new vehicle to the customer's home for a test drive.
Many dealers refuse to touch bargain-basement machines.
Many dealers remain skeptical.
Many dealers see a one player game as a near opportunity to take a break.
Many dealers sell at more than one mall and enjoy being able to rotate their merchandise frequently.
Many dealers sell books because they have been proven to have very great appeal.
Many dealers sell essential oils diluted in grapeseed or other oils.
Many dealers simply charge extra without adding any value to the equation.
Many dealers specialize in stamps of their country while others carry the entire world.
Many dealers take only a small fee for the expense of picking up and disposing of the vehicle.
Many dealers teach classes or can arrange tutoring.
Many dealers use a variety of lenders to finance deals.
Many dealers use teens to sell the drug.
Many dealers waive the pager activation fee or sell the units at a loss to attract new customers.
Many dealers welcome the opportunity to expand into markets presently controlled by brokers.
More dealers are joining every month, so be sure to have an updated list.
More dealers use the Internet to lower marketing costs, boost sales.
Most dealers accept credit cards.
Most dealers also have a direct link to the manufacturer's site.
Most dealers are able to service customers nationwide.
Most dealers are agents for programming providers.
Most dealers are hard working, knowledgeable, honest business people.
Most dealers are hesitant to put through deals.
Most dealers are only able to supply new issues, as well.
Most dealers are very willing to share their expertise with potential customers.
Most dealers carry a variety of merchandise from antiques to modern collectables.
Most dealers charge a handling fee.
Most dealers collect nice examples for their own collections.
Most dealers employ experienced shuckers to open the oysters, using special knives.
Most dealers get thousands of dollars over.
Most dealers have a good selection of used cars that vary in make, model and year.
Most dealers have multiple financing sources to fit individual requirements.
Most dealers have other important business to worry about, such as selling cars.
Most dealers insist that a customer contact sheet be filled out prior to a test-drive.
Most dealers keep such lists.
Most dealers know to take certain knives and inventory to certain shows.
Most dealers list their books on more than one service, so there is some overlap.
Most dealers make their profits on trade-ins, warranty and insurance sales, and favorable financing.
Most dealers negotiate and discounts are often given.
Most dealers offer financing.
Most dealers offer low rates but for a short term.
Most dealers only sell cars and trucks.
Most dealers pay reasonably competitive prices.
Most dealers provide a package price when they sell a receiver.
Most dealers provide information about leasing a vehicle.
Most dealers recycle old tires with the purchase of new ones.
Most dealers report that sales are in line with or slightly up from last year's rapid pace.
Most dealers require a full deposit.
Most dealers require a full year's payment for programming.
Most dealers sell only the analog systems.
Most dealers sell radios for list price.
Most dealers sell trucks to carry big loads.
Most dealers ship nationwide.
Most dealers tend to agree with that.
Most dealers understand how fuel prices are affecting customers and are more than willing to help.
Most dealers work with multiple manufacturers and nobody wanted to support more than one system.
Some dealer do spin the ball at random, every release is a new place on the wheel.
Some dealers accept returns.
Some dealers also offer parts or service discounts.
Some dealers also tout fixed, no-haggle prices.
Some dealers appear in more than one category.
Some dealers are active in France.
Some dealers are better than others, but nobody can really make a reliable guarantee.
Some dealers are concerned that forfeits and delays on coin debts are increasing.
Some dealers are full time breweriania businesses.
Some dealers are opposed to the whole idea.
Some dealers are seasonal, or by appointment only.
Some dealers are skeptical about the independents' chances to survive.
Some dealers asses a hefty surcharge per gallon.
Some dealers carry only books currently in print at jacket prices.
Some dealers carry used bikes.
Some dealers continue to have short inventories of some popular models.
Some Dealers do . . .
Some dealers do mark up their prices over the suggested retail of an extended warranty plan.
Some dealers do want to push criminal proceedings.
Some dealers do, and it is a great business practice.
Some dealers even have price lists printed in English.
Some dealers feature virtual show rooms such as detailed on-line listings of new and used vehicles.
Some dealers find it difficult to keep track of large consignment inventories.
Some dealers fish new wire through walls in retrofit situations.
Some dealers get it through their wholesaler.
Some dealers go overboard.
Some dealers have more or better service technicians than others.
Some dealers have web sites.
Some dealers let their renters apply the cost of their rental to a purchase.
Some dealers make their living exclusively by selling animals for dissection.
Some dealers mix pieces of new wood with the old.
Some dealers object.
Some dealers offer a fixed price no haggle deal, but in general, most car prices are negotiable.
Some dealers offer a guarantee or return privilege.
Some dealers offer incentive financing or a rebate.
Some dealers offer low prices.
Some dealers offer old furniture pieces to charity.
Some dealers only charge for advertising, or split up the overhead in different ways.
Some dealers only have a few hundred in stock.
Some dealers operate their own shops, often focusing on specific kinds of antiques.
Some dealers promise to sell the car for a stated amount over the dealer s invoice.
Some dealers promise to sell the car for a stated amount over the dealer's invoice.
Some dealers provide excellent service.
Some dealers provide great after-sale service no mater how much they make on a specific deal.
Some dealers provide livability packages.
Some dealers provide tech support only by email, or only for one year.
Some dealers provide tech support only by email.
Some dealers say the strewn field is almost searched out.
Some dealers say they have inventory but order their product only when they have orders to fill.
Some dealers say they like working with local installers.
Some dealers sell both used and new books.
Some dealers sell it for a few dollars more or a few dollars less.
Some dealers sell service contracts that are backed by a third party.
Some dealers smoke or inject much of their profits.
Some dealers specialize in certain categories of prints, such as botanicals or maps.
Some dealers specialize in new and used service literature.
Some dealers take a full or partial deposit.
Some dealers travel with it, while others only get a table when it shows up in their neighborhood.
Some dealers try to get out of it.
Some dealers use auctions to set or confirm prices at their stores.
Some dealers use the price they paid, and add a standard markup.
A dealership is business
Dealership also offers recycled parts.
Dealership is halfway down the street on the left.
Dealership is located approximately mile on the right-hand side.
Dealership is on right .
Dealership is on right.
Dealership is on Right.
Dealership is on the left.
Dealership is on the right.
Dealership is the first building on the right.
Dealerships also provide the competition vehicles.
Dealerships are also available.
Dealerships are also further cross indexed based upon the following reference criteria.
Dealerships are available across Canada.
Dealerships are available in all major metro areas, except the ones listed below.
Dealerships are available in all major metro areas, except the ones listed here .
Dealerships are further cross indexed based upon the following criteria.
Dealerships are further cross indexed based upon the following reference criteria.
Dealerships are still available in some areas.
Dealerships become targets for parts thieves.
Dealerships collect sales tax at time of purchase.
Dealerships make more money in parts and service than they do selling cars.
Dealerships offer two types of programs.
Dealerships provide a wide range of valuable services to assist consumers with vehicle financing.
All dealerships spend a certain amount of money to advertise.
All dealerships try to put off the documentation step for the end.
Many dealerships also have an up system.
Many dealerships also offer used boats that have been taken as trade-ins.
Many dealerships have weekly sales meetings in which they conduct role-playing sessions.
Many dealerships keep lists of leaser customers and when they are due to come in.
Many dealerships offer only limited warranties.
Many dealerships offer regular parts runs as part of their customer service.
Many dealerships use the credit bureaus' scoring system only as a guideline.
Most dealerships are in rural areas and small town.
Most dealerships are more than just familiar with computers.
Most dealerships have a quota.
Most dealerships have several styles and models of RVs from which to choose.
Some dealerships also have customer relations managers whose job is to handle such complaints.
Some dealerships try to play the game both ways.
Dealing are treatments.
Dealing is interchanges.
Deamination produces ammonia, which the cells release into the blood stream.
Dean Creek is a mosaic of pasture, woodland, and wetland providing a variety of viewing experiences.
Dean Creek is managed to provide optimum viewing opportunities.
Dean money is to be used for university business only.
Dean weekenders are fine family fare.
A dean is an academic administrator
Dean cracks up.
Deans also forecast a free-flowing game.
Deans also play an important role in the determination of salary increases.
Deans appoint chairs, after consultation with departmental faculty.
Deans are academic administrators.
Deans are administrators.
Deans are available for students for both personal and academic counseling.
Deans are cardinals.
Deans are elders.
Deans are ex officio members.
Deans are ineligible.
Deans are key people.
Deans are located in universities.
Deans are often at the center of law school conflicts.
Deans are probably more in the business they have always been in.
Deans are responsible for editorial changes in the Catalogue.
Deans are responsible for ensuring that advice to given to prospective re-enrolling students.
Deans are responsible for fostering excellence in teaching, research, and service in their colleges.
Deans are responsible for granting any leaves, including weekends.
Deans are responsible for making sure overall plans and visions are accomplished.
Deans are responsible for nominating chairs.
Deans are the chief administrative officials of the various colleges and schools.
Deans assess effectiveness of student learning associated with the application of technology.
Deans can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty.
Deans can meet students in the stacks.
Deans can only get things done by building consensus, and that's the toughest part.
Deans can walk into a private environment and talk on a regular basis.
Deans confer with the provost on appointments.
Deans consider rechecking some of their areas.
Deans coordinate and supervise the assessment processes of their academic units.
Deans cover a range of different departments and tend to have broad functions and responsibilities.
Deans decide which projects to recommend and the source from school funds.
Deans deliver college plans to the vice president for academic affairs.
Deans enter teams that are from recognized student organizations housed within their Colleges.
Deans evaluate school's critical needs for additional resources and make requests.
Deans explain disciplinary measures and supervise their enforcement.
Deans have an increased capacity to develop external support for the programs they represent.
Deans have authority to grant such exceptions.
Deans have ultimate authority for ensuring proper compensation for their faculty.
Deans head their respective faculty councils and direct faculty council meetings.
Deans laud entrepreneurship programs.
Deans list first semester.
Deans list nearly every semester.
Deans list six out of seven semesters.
Deans make the tabulations and photocopies available to the departmental administrators concerned.
Deans nominate candidates for the chair each spring.
Deans notify departments under review.
Deans now spend a greater portion of their time in fund-raising than in the past.
Deans provide counsel, information, and guidance to students.
Deans provide regular reports to the provost about productivity measures.
Deans receive annual reports on faculty diversity, underutilization, and hiring goals.
Deans recommend appointment, reappointment, promotion, tenure, and dismissal of faculty members.
Deans remain to conduct other business.
Deans report directly to the Provost.
Deans representing schools of business from across the state serve on the council.
Deans request funds from that source.
Deans reserve the right to make additional reference calls of their own, as necessary.
Deans say that most of the dif- ference covers additional lodging and technology costs.
Deans serve at the discretion of the chancellor and executive vice chancellor.
Deans stand to the right and left of the convener, facing the students as the procession continues.
Deans submit their faculty salary proposals to the Provost.
Deans tend to feel unappreciated.
Deans then recommend purchases based on their available budget.
Deans work hard to make the dorms as much like home as possible.
Deans always have to make choices.
Deans often allow a department to hire a trailing spouse even if there are no positions open.
All deans are ex officio voting members.
All deans report to the Provost.
Every dean receives an annual performance evaluation at the end of the academic year.
A deanery is a residence
Some deaneries have intentional missions, such as soup kitchens and other services for the poor.
Dear colleagues welcome to join our world wide forces.
Dear friend keep telling the truth.
Dear Friends Call it influence.
Dear Friends Pardon the bit of self-promotion here.
Dear Friends Welcome to East Haven's official web page.
Dear granddaughter brings open talk.
Dear health care professional letters.
Dear Investor Welcome to Oman.
Dear love is richest when 'tis all in all.
Dear Parents Click a topic.
Dear Parents Focuses entirely on helping parents ensure their children's success in school.
Dear Parents is a resource for parents with questions about learning and technology.
Dear Parents is an award-winning web site that offers sound advice on learning and technology.
Dear Parents Welcome to the second edition of the Observer, a newsletter by and for parents.
Dear Pastor Gives people the opportunity to receive ministry.
Dear Readers Welcome to the new and exciting Australia's The Well Bookshop.
Dear Students Welcome to the first weekly page of our class.
Dear Teachers Helping restore our ocean eco systems.
Dear thoughts come from dear friends, Someone that's always there to lend a helping hand.
Dear visitor feel free to explore our faq and learn more about.
Dear woman turn thy thoughts.
A dear is a lover
Dear Freaked Out, It is common for people to experience anxiety during testing situations.
Dearie isa individual.
Dearie isa person.
Dearie isa somebody.
Dearie isa someone.
Dearies have (part) arms.
Dearies have (part) body substances.
Dearies have (part) cell membranes.
Dearies have (part) cells.
Dearies have (part) corpi.
Dearies have (part) cytoplasm.
Dearies have (part) heads.
Dearies have (part) human bodies.
Dearies have (part) legs.
Dearies have (part) material bodies.
Dearies have (part) necks.
Dearies have (part) nuclei.
Dearies have (part) personality.
Dearies have (part) plasma membranes.
Dearies have (part) sections.
Dearies have (part) vacuoles.
Dearth adds that the key to commercialization is making it consumer-friendly.
Dearth is lack
Some dearies have characters.
Death adders have large fangs, though they are much smaller than a viper's.
Death adders live in Australia.
Death adders look like that.
Death adders mate during springs.
Death adders possess the longest fangs of any Australian snake.
Death adders strike prey.
Most death adders mate during springs.
Most death adders strike prey.
Some death adders attract prey.
Some death adders feed on frogs.
Some death adders have fangs.
Some death adders have large fangs.
Some death adders inhabit open woodlands.
Some death adders inhabit woodlands.
Some death adders kill wives.
Death anxiety is defined as the level of anxiety one feels when thinking about death.
Death camas is found in wet, open, sunny habitats, although some species favor dry, rocky slopes.
Death camas is odorless and tasteless.
Death camas is the common name of several plant species poisonous to livestock.
Death camas is the common name of several species of plants that are poisonous to livestock.
A death camp is a concentration camp
Death camps begin operations.
Death certificate says was born in Lee County Virginia.
Death certificates are a matter of public record in California.
Death certificates are also to be written.
Death certificates are always on file in the town where the death occurred.
Death certificates are available by mail.
Death certificates are available in a certified copy only.
Death certificates are available to the general public.
Death certificates are legal forms.
Death certificates are most likely in some alphabetical format, facilitating a search.
Death certificates are notorious for their errors.
Death certificates are notoriously inaccurate.
Death certificates are public records in most areas.
Death certificates are the principal source of mortality statistics for the United States.
Death certificates are usually available at health departments.
Death certificates are wonderful.
Death certificates contain important information.
Death certificates contain information about how people die.
Death certificates contain information.
Death certificates give the age at death and the name of the informant, usually next of kin.
Most death certificates are available within three to four weeks after the death.
Most death certificates contain important information.
Most death certificates contain information.
Death date is based on cemetery stone.
Death date is unknown.
A death duty is a transfer tax
Death Duties marks the debut of a remarkable and highly original novelist.
Death education begins when a leaf falls from a tree, or when they see a dead animal in the street.
Death education begins when life begins.
Death education is introduced in a variety of different ways and under a variety of names.
Death education is minimal in the public schools.
Death hawks are a branch off of the origonal mohawks, but with a few key differences.
Death knight is a name shared by several organizations of powerful necromancers.
Death knights are the former champions of the Scourge.
Death knights have instinct.
Death knights leave enemies.
Death knights take care of the other six Orcish spells.
Death knights use a unique rune-based resource system to govern their spells and abilities.
Most death knights have instinct.
Most death knights leave enemies.
Some death knights enjoy alcohol.
Some death knights have different specialization.
Some death knights have specialization.
Some death knights use dark magic.
Some death knights use magic.
Death matches are rare.
Death matches are the only option.
Death metal bands play music.
Death metal has a more dark sound and eerie style than other forms of heavy metal.
Death metal is even more ridiculous.
Death metal is free jazz.
Death metal is heavy metal.
Death metal spins dark fantasies of vampirism, sadistic sex, and demon worship.
Most death metal has very fast guitar and drum beats .
Most death metal has very fast guitar and drum beats.
Death notice appears in newspapers.
Death notices appear at no charge.
Death notices are advertisements.
Death notices are searchable for the past year.
Death notices are searchable from the past year.
Death notices are subject to limits on length and content.
Death notices are the boxed listings, news obits are the biographical profiles.
Most death notice appears in newspapers.
Some death notice includes descriptive information.
Some death notice includes information.
Death of rats continues for two weeks or longer after consuming bait.
A death penalty is corporal punishment
Death penalties are issues.
Death penalties continue to be pronounced despite advice from the upper echelons .
Death penalties serve purposes.
Death penalty is an effective deterrent.
Death penalty is another way to kill people.
Death penalty is imoral and wonton waste of human life.
Death penalty is one of the toughest cases for the defense because so much is at stake.
Death penalty is warranted for certain brutal murders.
Most death penalties serve purposes.
Some death penalties have benefits.
Some death penalties have deterrent effects.
Some death penalties have effects.
Some death penalties have places.
Some death penalties have public benefits.
Some death penalties have public safety benefits.
A death rate is a rate
Death rate are lower for people who have healthy and strong social relationships.
Death rate is at a minimum and mostly from old age.
Death rate is from five to twenty-six per cent.
Death rate is greater than growth rate.
Death rate is pretty straightforward - Protease inhibitor drugs.
Death rate is the probability of dying per one organism.
Death rate rises as population density rises.
Death rate varies with age.
Death rates are high, but spike even higher during health crises.
Death rates are higher among persons with less education.
Death rates are higher for African-American women than for white women.
Death rates are higher for blacks than for whites, especially among men.
Death rates are higher in males and increase as people age.
Death rates are highest in older adults, men and blacks.
Death rates are low and fertility is declining but population is still increasing.
Death rates are much higher for infected animals.
Death rates are much higher.
Death rates are significantly higher among the unemployed.
Death rates are three times higher than in Caucasian children.
Death rates are very high in the days and months after feeding tubes are placed.
Death rates continue to drop, if more slowly.
Death rates fall.
Death rates increase, and eventually a stable population is reached.
Death rates reflect imprisonment rates.
Death rates remain stable.
Death rates tend to be higher in larger herds.
Death rates vary according to age.
Death rates vary in different countries.
Death rattle is caused by saliva pooling at the back of the throat.
Death records are available to a properly qualified applicant as defined above.
Death records are available to anyone.
Death records are available to the public.
Death records are local or State public records, often referred to as vital records.
Death records are most useful for pinpointing a date of death and place of burial.
Death records are most useful to pinpoint a date of death and place of burial.
Death records can be very helpful in uncovering a genetic disease.
All death records are available.
All death records are from gravestone inscriptions.
Some death registrations are still available for transcription.
Death rituals are universal, across all cultures.
A death row is a ward
Death row can be a lonely experience and a struggle for mental survival.
Death Row can be a lonely experience and a struggle for mental survival.
Death Row have their own keyboards and mice.
Death row is a corridor between towering walls under an open sky.
Death row is a failure, but it has become a breeding ground for revenge.
Death Row is a resource that provide a valuable service to a well-informed public.
Death row is a supermax hell.
Death Row is a unique prison population.
Death Row is actually the name of a set of stalagmites, rather than the passage itself.
Death row is crowded.
Death Row is just another room in what looks like an old high school.
Death row is just that - death.
Death Row is out in paperback.
Death row is the prerogative of the poor.
Death row is then no longer inevitable.
Death Row is very sad, lonely, depressing, and breeds despair.
Death row is very, very dehumanizing.
Death Row offers society the illusion of finality in the service of justice.
Death sentence is commuted to life imprisonment.
Death sentences are rare.
All death sentences bring an automatic appeal in Alabama.
Death Signs look bad for survival of online services.
Death slot is to left of pop-up chute.
Death spirals are particularly common in the retailing industry.
A death squad is a team
Death squads are organizations.
Death squads are still active and still target workers for peace and justice.
Death squads guard petroleum facilities and shipments of cocaine.
Death squads murder all liberal politicians educators and all left of center parties.
Death squads stalk the streets shooting, kidnapping and 'disappearing' girls and boys.
Death squads terrorize human rights monitors and people looking into Guatemala s murderous past.
Death star explodes.
Death symbols begin to appear in society , and followers begin to fix their minds on death.
Death taxes are also inefficient.
Death taxes are costly to collect.
Death taxes are destructive.
Death taxes are in addition to probate fees and expenses.
Death taxes are one way they hope to cash in on that unprecedented transfer of wealth.
Death taxes are particularly hurtful to capital-intensive businesses.
Death taxes are separate and additional charge from probate.
Death taxes cost taxpayers time as well as money.
Death taxes make it more complicated to pass land from one generation to the next.
Death taxes penalize families, punish thrift and discourage entrepreneurship.
Death Taxes penalize work and saving and encourages large-scale consumption by the very rich.
Death taxes undermine savings and investment.
Death threats are a way of life.
Death threats are common.
Death threats are rampant.
Death threats go here .
A death toll is cost
Death toll begins in national protest.
Death toll includes attackers.
Death Toll Reaches Five.
Death toll rises from European avalanches, snowfalls.
Death toll rises Romania has so far fared the worst, with nine people confirmed dead.
Death toll rises.
Death tolls are impossible to estimate for either rebels or civilians.
Death tolls are prices.
Death Valley abounds with played out mines and derelict towns.
Death Valley can be very hot or very cold.
Death Valley forms part of the Basin and Range Province of the Great Basin Desert.
Death Valley forms the southwestern portion of the Great Basin Desert.
Death Valley gets more visitors from Las Vegas than from anywhere else.
Death Valley has an unsavory reputation in the United States and Canada.
Death Valley has hundreds to explore.
Death Valley has it all - snow, mountains, trees, desert.
Death Valley has many famous and unusual geographical features in it .
Death Valley has many famous and unusual geographical features in it.
Death Valley has to be one of the most amazing places on earth.
Death Valley is a big place.
Death Valley is a desert valley located in Eastern California .
Death Valley is a harsh and dramatic landscape, filled with history and legend.
Death Valley Is a harsh and dramatic landscape, filled with history and legend.
Death Valley is a part of the Mojave Desert .
Death Valley is a part of the Mojave Desert.
Death Valley is a place of beauty, challenge and history.
Death Valley is a study in contrasts.
Death Valley is an example of an area on the Earth that is slowly sinking.
Death Valley is an example of such a down drop block.
Death Valley is beyond that, and then a few traffic jams later, there's the City of Angels.
Death Valley is divided into two shallow basins by a range of low hills.
Death Valley is far too vast to see in a single day.
Death Valley is generally sunny, dry, and clear throughout the year.
Death Valley is host to the most unusual landscape of any desert.
Death Valley is just beyond the mountains in the back of the hotel.
Death Valley is located in the California desert, with parts stretching into the Nevada desert.
Death Valley is normally the destination of the spring trip.
Death Valley is off the scale of most thermometers.
Death Valley is one of the best geological examples of a basin and range configuration.
Death Valley is one of the world's true wonders.
Death Valley is possibly the most significant geologic site in the entire western United States.
Death Valley is probably most known for being the lowest land elevation in North and South America.
Death Valley is recognized as the hottest, driest place in the United States.
Death Valley is so much more than just dry desert.
Death Valley is still very dry .
Death Valley is still very dry.
Death Valley is the hottest place on earth.
Death Valley is the newest and largest National Park in the lower forty-eight states.
Death Valley is therefore a half-graben basin.
Death Valley is unique because it contains the lowest, hottest, driest location in North America.
Death Valley keeps setting records.
Death Valley lies mostly in eastern-central California.
Death Valley lies near the border between the Mojave Desert and the Great Basin Desert .
Death Valley offers some spectacular vistas.
Death Valley serves as the proving ground for a number of automotive trials.
Death Valley undergoes a face lift.
Death valleys are deserts.
Death watch is a cell located exactly thirty feet from the electric chair.
Death zone starts, begin climbing to the summit.
Death according to theosophy is rebirth.
Death actually is a consistent symbol for change in dreams, and for fears of separation.
Death affects families.
Death affects people.
Death alone is con- clusive.
Death also can occur if a large amount is inhaled.
Death also can occur when barbiturates are combined with other drugs, especially alcohol.
Death also causes upheaval.
Death also has an appreciation for human food, especially junk food.
Death also increases any value of all items that belonged to the pop icon .
Death also increases any value of all items that belonged to the pop icon.
Death also measures our communities, their willingness to meet real needs.
Death also performs, although to no applause.
Death also suggests getting down to basics.
Death appears and the begin to play a game of chess.
Death appears to be a calculated risk in enforcing the restriction of rights to asylum.
Death appears to be a gradual tuning out, a slipping beyond.
Death argue aside several down jacket.
Death arranges elaborate domestic accidents, without having to speak lines, or look sexy in black.
Death arrives as an evening campfire.
Death arrives on the breath of the wind.
Death arrives unexpectedly and they suddenly pass away.
Death associated with overdose appears to be rare.
Death associates with tsunamis.
Death automatically ties up bank accounts.
Death awaits many.
Death awaits the impetuous now as it did in the remote past.
Death balances the books.
Death basically means separation from something or someone.
Death becomes a barrier instead of a doorway.
Death becomes a companion at the camps, along with illness.
Death becomes a country's creed and society becomes a little less human with every execution.
Death becomes a familiar pattern.
Death becomes a limit which puts an end to a mediocre life.
Death becomes a part of the pattern of life in the fallen world.
Death becomes a symbol of new life.
Death becomes a way out.
Death becomes an agency for the tyranny of sin over people.
Death becomes an event, like birth, that is lived through.
Death becomes an intimate.
Death becomes an option as a way out.
Death becomes desirable.
Death becomes evil only by the retribution which follows it.
Death becomes familiar as an option to end the indescribably pain.
Death becomes grim reality.
Death becomes just another treatment option to end suffering.
Death becomes life as revenants crawl from the dank clutches of the earth to walk again.
Death becomes reality.
Death becomes something as disposable as the remains of a drive-through dinner.
Death becomes the climax of the practice.
Death becomes, therefore, a re-evaluation of the significant in traditional opus.
Death begets death.
Death begins' . . . .
Death begins a new process to start a new stage of life.
Death begins at birth.
Death begins the dance, offering musical accompaniment on a viola da gamba.
Death begins to matter less.
Death believe inside none cattle or think mac shareware.
Death belongs in musty hospital rooms, sickbeds.
Death breaks away and unleashes havoc on the city.
Death breaks our dream of life with the finality of a spoon cracking an eggshell.
Death breaks that wholeness.
Death breeds death.
Death brings about change, at times painful change.
Death brings attention.
Death brings death.
Death brings feelings.
Death brings grief.
Death brings life beyond time.
Death brings loss ,sorrow, and grief to all.
Death brings misery and heartaches.
Death brings nothing But sorrow and pain.
Death brings out the macabre in people.
Death brings out the worst in people, especially family members looking for someone to blame.
Death brings painful feelings.
Death brings problems.
Death brings promotion to new, better life.
Death brings separation and sorrow.
Death brings the weary days of the sorrowing and suffering to an end.
Death brings tranquility.
Death brings up ancient, timeless questions.
Death brings up feelings that are uncomfortable for many people.
Death brings up many personal issues for people.
Death brings with it grief, confusion, uncertainty, emotional upheaval and, at times, irrationality.
Death calls ye to the crowd of common men.
Death can affect families as well as a personality who touched so many lives trhough auto racing.
Death can also come as a result of heart attack, stroke or arrhythmia.
Death can also occur from disturbances in the fluid balance of the body.
Death can also occur from sudden respiratory failure.
Death can also occur in young horses.
Death can also result from cardiac arrest.
Death can be a friend sometimes.
Death can be a mercy.
Death can be a painful and permanent loss experience, and one of the hardest from which to recover.
Death can be a pretty depressing topic.
Death can be a result.
Death can be a strong motivator in aligning characters for the common cause of revenge.
Death can be a time of great healing, of letting go, even of joyfulness.
Death can be a time of great potential and renewal.
Death can be a traumatic experience, especially if it occurs away from home.
Death can be a very beautiful thing.
Death can be an awkward subject to talk about.
Death can be an overwhelming experience for children.
Death can be instant.
Death can be instantaneous.
Death can be more humane, and grieving can be facilitated.
Death can be peaceful.
Death can be so inconvenient.
Death can be something voluntarily accepted.
Death can be sudden or lingering and painful.
Death can be sudden, even for teenagers and younger children.
Death can be the difference of a matter of minutes.
Death can be too mechanical and cruel in the West.
Death can be very expensive.
Death can cause all kinds of thoughts and doubts to swell up in our minds.
Death can come at any time.
Death can come at anytime.
Death can come during waking hours and during sleep.
Death can come in an instant.
Death can come in half an hour.
Death can come in many ways.
Death can come instantly.
Death can come on quickly.
Death can come quickly.
Death can come slinking up slowly or flying in like a bolt of lightning.
Death can come so quickly and so unexpectedly.
Death can come so suddenly, so unexpectedly.
Death can come to any one at anytime.
Death can come to children in weeks.
Death can come very, very fast.
Death can come within minutes of consumption of the forage.
Death can destroy an otherwise cohesive family unit.
Death can devastate survivors even when the loved one was very old and very ill.
Death can easily result.
Death can ensue from congestive heart failure.
Death can ensue in any of the three phases.
Death can follow due to suffocation.
Death can follow within a week or two due to kidney failure.
Death can follow within hours.
Death can follow within minutes.
Death can go anywhere it pleases, but one place and one place only.
Death can happen at any moment so lets live today.
Death can happen at any time, even for teenagers and younger children.
Death can have a profoundly liberating impact.
Death can kill the future but it can also resurrect the past and, with it, a second future.
Death can make life seem absurd.
Death can never invade that holy seat.
Death can occur a few hours after an aortic dissection begins.
Death can occur after first-time use.
Death can occur as little as three days after being exposed to a supply of lead or zinc.
Death can occur as quickly as a few hours after the onset of symptoms.
Death can occur at any stage in the life cycle.
Death can occur at any time and during any kind of activity - eating, sleeping, sifting.
Death can occur by cardiac arrest or respiratory failure.
Death can occur by central nervous system poisoning.
Death can occur days later.
Death can occur from bone marrow failure in untreated disease.
Death can occur from bone marrow failure.
Death can occur from cardiac and respiratory failure.
Death can occur from giving plasma heated too long.
Death can occur from loss of lung function due to the curvature.
Death can occur from molds growing in the spiders' lungs.
Death can occur from moulds growing in the spider's lungs.
Death can occur from overdose.
Death can occur from secondary infections or respiratory complications.
Death can occur from severe kidney, lung or brain involvement.
Death can occur from such events.
Death can occur if anorexia goes untreated for extended periods of time.
Death can occur if the base of the tongue swells blocking air passage.
Death can occur immediately or be delayed for as much as one week.
Death can occur in a limited oxygen environment.
Death can occur in as little as a few hours.
Death can occur in as little as ten minutes, usually due to abrupt cessation of respiration.
Death can occur in extreme cases.
Death can occur in hypersensitive or older or very young people.
Death can occur in less than an hour due to internal asphyxiation.
Death can occur in more severe cases.
Death can occur in severe cases of infection.
Death can occur in severe cases.
Death can occur in severely affected animals.
Death can occur in some cases despite treatment.
Death can occur in the elderly, children, and people with weak immune systems.
Death can occur in very young, debilitated, malnourished or immune compromised children and adults.
Death can occur quickly.
Death can occur rapidly despite prompt medical attention.
Death can occur rapidly, even with appropriate treatment.
Death can occur rapidly.
Death can occur relatively quickly.
Death can occur suddenly or in a few days.
Death can occur suddenly with heavy infections.
Death can occur suddenly.
Death can occur through heart failure, respiratory complications, toxaemia or kidney failure.
Death can occur up to several days following the bite, or in as little as two hours.
Death can occur when the clot becomes dislodged and moves into the lungs or heart.
Death can occur when the drug is injected, smoked or even snorted.
Death can occur with alarming frequency.
Death can occur with heat stroke.
Death can occur with heavy sprays.
Death can occur with large doses, making spanish fly a deadly aphrodisiac.
Death can occur with minimal contacts.
Death can occur within a few hours from the onset of milk fever.
Death can occur within a few hours, so urgent medical treatment is required.
Death can occur within a few years.
Death can occur within a week.
Death can occur within an hour in extreme cases.
Death can occur within five hours in children.
Death can occur within hours of exposure.
Death can occur within hours of ingesting a toxic dose.
Death can occur within hours of the onset.
Death can occur within minutes.
Death can occur within one to three days in highly susceptible individuals.
Death can occur within twenty-four hours of initial symptoms.
Death can occur within two days.
Death can occur within two to three days.
Death can occur, but is rare.
Death can occur, but only with significant quantities ingested.
Death can occur.
Death can potentially occur immediately or within two hours.
Death can quickly follow due to endotoxin shock or focal cerebral involvement.
Death can rain from the sky in a number of forms.
Death can result as soon as two hours after the initial signs.
Death can result from an overdose but is rare.
Death can result from both respiratory and skin exposure.
Death can result from circulatory collapse and respiratory obstruction.
Death can result from congestive heart failure and pulmonary edema .
Death can result from consuming alcohol with prescription tranquilizers and painkillers.
Death can result from dangerous gases or lack of oxygen.
Death can result from extensive infection, intestinal bleeding, mineral imbalance or dehydration.
Death can result from heart failure.
Death can result from hyperthermia, convulsions and cardiovascular collapse.
Death can result from hypothermia.
Death can result from infection or uncontrolled bleeding.
Death can result from infection.
Death can result from one-time use.
Death can result from respiratory failure.
Death can result from severe cases.
Death can result from severe intoxication.
Death can result from the severe dehydration brought on by the diarrhea.
Death can result from too low a brain and heart temperature.
Death can result if galls girdle the primary trunk or stem.
Death can result if nicotine levels are high enough that respiration muscles become paralyzed.
Death can result if the body temperature drops too low.
Death can result if the disorder remains uncontrolled.
Death can result if the virus reaches a baby's brain.
Death can result in as little as two hours, as muscles used for breathing become paralyzed.
Death can result in respiratory arrest, asphyxiation or cardiac irregularities.
Death can result when the ingredients of life are found in disproportion.
Death can result without the person ever noticing any prior symptoms.
Death can result.
Death can still occur through neglect, misadventure or catastrophic injury.
Death can strike a student, faculty or staff member.
Death can strike down young men as well as old ones.
Death can tear one s world apart, and grieving is the process that helps put it back together.
Death can vary from a few days to two weeks or more.
Death can, and often times does, strike without warning.
Death cans have effects.
Death caused by a child on a shooting spree is a tragic event in any case.
Death caused by helium is rare.
Death causes a desire to cries.
Death causes a loss of management skill and experience.
Death causes burial.
Death causes changes in a living thing.
Death causes decomposition.
Death causes effects.
Death causes large explosion.
Death causes sadness.
Death cavorts on the ledge above.
Death certainly is no illusion.
Death changes life.
Death changes people.
Death changes the calculation.
Death changes the conversation.
Death claims many as a result of the endemic poverty, hunger, disease, and political violence.
Death claims the wind.
Death closes the way to heavenly glory and opens it to hell.
Death come Worth toward few silk through lots photograph.
Death comes about a little harder when brought about by friends.
Death comes and always comes unsuspectingly.
Death comes and life is over, finished, the end.
Death comes as a bride to the Sikh who lives and dies for righteousness.
Death comes as a process of change for the better.
Death comes as an enemy, but when recognized, only a friend appears.
Death comes as no surprise to anyone and consequently, prices remain relatively steady.
Death Comes as the End.
Death comes at hatching time.
Death comes at human hands - a sledgehammer blow to the head and a sharp knife to the throat.
Death comes before resurrection.
Death comes but once and that is that.
Death comes but slowly.
Death comes by gassing, electrocution, lethal injection or neck breaking.
Death comes by paralysis and respiratory failure.
Death comes close behind it.
Death comes close.
Death comes cold and unnoticed, an afterthought to a boring, regretful existence.
Death comes differently in California.
Death comes early, often and without warning.
Death comes early.
Death comes easy.
Death comes even to kings.
Death comes fast in late summer with all the leaves turning brown and remaining on the tree.
Death comes for . . .
Death comes for all, so it is best to be prepared.
Death comes for the archbishop .
Death comes for the Archbishop.
Death comes from excessive blood loss and shock.
Death comes from loss of body's defence against infections, primarily respiratory.
Death comes if the cancer spreads beyond the prostate to bone, lungs, liver or brain.
Death comes in a blinding flash.
Death comes in a day or two.
Death comes in about four days after contracing the disease.
Death comes in many forms.
Death comes in many shapes and forms.
Death comes in many ways for songbirds.
Death comes in stages.
Death comes only when the arutam is away from the body, as in dreams.
Death comes quick.
Death comes quickly and violently.
Death comes quickly for a man.
Death comes quickly, final, Profound.
Death comes randomly, taking people without reason or justification.
Death comes so soon at the very latest.
Death comes soon enough.
Death comes swiftly and messily.
Death comes through starvation, thirst, or gradual suffocation.
Death comes to all no matter whether they are poor or rich, powerful or weak, famous or obscure.
Death comes to all people justly as the consequence of sin.
Death comes to all, young and old alike.
Death comes to every individual.
Death comes to everybody.
Death comes to everyone.
Death comes to individuals.
Death comes to the innocent and it comes to the guilty.
Death comes to the strong and the weak.
Death comes to the young as well as to the old.
Death comes to young and old.
Death comes Too fast for the kind- Hearted.
Death comes too late.
Death comes unannounced.
Death comes unexpectedly to all.
Death comes unexpectedly.
Death comes unmercifully for the women as the sunlight reclaims their souls.
Death comes upon many as a thief in the night.
Death comes when it comes.
Death comes when still consious.
Death comes when the last set of molars wear out and the animal can no longer eat.
Death comes with the general deterioration of condition and starvation.
Death comes with the harvest and the falling of the leaves.
Death comes with the territory.
Death comes within one week.
Death commonly is due to intracranial spread and pulmonary metastasis.
Death commonly occurs as a result of secondary infections or hemorrhage.
Death commonly occurs in the teenage years.
Death commonly occurs within a few days of onset of clinical signs.
Death conducts an ensamble well rehearsed, keeping pace, never rushed.
Death confers life's liberty.
Death continues to afflict the peoples of South Africa, Mozambique and Angola.
Death continues to be a problem.
Death continues to be cynical, cruel and real.
Death continues to narrate the story, foreshadowing many of the key events in the novel.
Death coughs apologetically.
Death crawls at their doorstep and in every road they travel.
Death creates an actual absence, something to mourn and love and get to the other side of.
Death creates beauty.
Death creates change.
Death creates death.
Death creates opportunity.
Death creates so many questions and the suicide of a family member is very hard to understand.
Death creeps out of the shadows, wearing a black uniform.
Death crosses every person s mind at one time or another.
Death crumbles all.
Death cures insomnia.
Death darkens a Prague summer.
Death dates from trees suggest three periods of advance between ca.
Death decides rotting ways.
Death defies human logic.
Death defiles a priest.
Death defines our life in both a quantitative and a qualitative sense.
Death defines the fittest.
Death definitely precludes any necessity for further insurance.
Death defying barnstorming stunts are part of the challenge in many missions.
Death describes our movement from mortality to the spirit world.
Death destroys e verything.
Death destroys sorrow.
Death die make the triumph sure.
Death differs from sleep in that both streams of energy are withdrawn.
Death directly resulting from acute overdose is extremely rare.
Death divides, but memory ever clings.
Death does away with time.
Death does feel like a tragedy, but for many it leads to transformation and healing.
Death does indeed hold new terrors.
Death does interesting things to relationships.
Death does stink.
Death does that to people sometimes.
Death does that to people.
Death does that.
Death drags the most cloyingly banal statements into excruciating relief.
Death Dreaming about death is very common and it can be interpreted in many different ways.
Death elicits more than sadness.
Death embodies their souls.
Death encompasses all our fears and sense of losses.
Death encourages action.
Death encourages risk.
Death end up destroying the only hope left of returning to our beloved country.
Death ends all in some cases.
Death ends it all for the wicked.
Death ends it.
Death ends the life of the flesh, when the life of the spirit lives for ever.
Death ends the power of attorney.
Death ends, life begins.
Death ensues either from the disease or from intercurrent infections.
Death entails the obliteration of an individual's ability to think, feel, or function purposefully.
Death enters life as man enters woman.
Death erases all obligations.
Death essentially means separation from something or someone.
Death exists as does birth.
Death exists only within the cycle of renewal.
Death explains that the length of each candle shows how much longer a person has to live.
Death extinguishes our dreams flames.
Death falls, blood pours.
Death fascinates almost everyone.
Death feeds on life.
Death filters our priorities.
Death follows an illness of two years.
Death follows at the end of a natural course.
Death follows attack on young trees.
Death follows birth, as night follows the day.
Death follows birth.
Death follows coma and diagnosis can be mistaken for encephalitis.
Death follows four to seven days after the onset of clinical signs.
Death follows from a kind of internal asphyxiation.
Death follows from complications such as choking, infection or heart failure.
Death follows from complications such as choking, infection, or heart failure.
Death follows from exhaustion, asphyxiation, and circulatory collapse.
Death follows immediately, as the victims literally drown in their own blood.
Death follows in most cases.
Death follows in one or two days.
Death follows in six to seven minutes.
Death follows life.
Death follows rapidly and the prey is consumed.
Death follows shortly afterwards.
Death follows shortly thereafter, usually before the second year of life.
Death follows shortly thereafter.
Death follows shortly.
Death follows soon after.
Death follows sooner or later if the injury is extensive.
Death follows the coma in most cases.
Death follows unconsciousness within two minutes.
Death follows unless emergency treatment is begun.
Death follows within a few days of the signs first appearing.
Death follows within a few days.
Death follows within a fortnight.
Death follows within minutes to hours of exposure as a result of respiratory paralysis.
Death follows within minutes.
Death follows, and there are no effective treatments available.
Death forms a couple with each character.
Death generally follows within days as a result of liver failure.
Death generally occurs from shock .
Death generally occurs if no immediate intervention is take to decrease the ammonia level.
Death generally occurs in the second decade of life.
Death generally occurs one to two weeks after the onset of symptoms.
Death generally occurs within six months after symptoms appear.
Death generally results in one to seven days after exposure and the intervening days are unbearable.
Death generates death.
Death gets a brake.
Death gives age and place of death.
Death gives birth to the saint, to the diety.
Death gives new life.
Death gives relief and death is peaceful.
Death gives rise, at first, to the impression of an immeasurable void.
Death gives that final release.
Death gives the rhythm of a dance into which all join in.
Death gives way to life, resurrection from the dead.
Death gives way to life.
Death gives way to new life.
Death glares and kills the infected sooner than later.
Death goes before life.
Death goes on skis.
Death grazes among islands of turquoise.
Death halts trial of kidney cancer drug.
Death hangs heavy over everything, saddening each gesture, weighing down each action.
Death hangs over thee.
Death happens every day, people, especially with autoimmune diseases.
Death happens everywhere, everyday.
Death happens on occasion.
Death happens quickly.
Death happens suddenly, and the family often has no time to prepare.
Death happens to all humans, rich or poor and to all races.
Death happens to everyone.
Death happens to older people anyway.
Death happens to other people.
Death happens when the screen is no longer capable of holding any more blocks.
Death harms victims.
Death has a different meaning in the mountains.
Death has a dramatic effect on the circulatory system too.
Death has a finality about it against which there is no argument.
Death has a plan.
Death has a remarkable power to clear the vision of the living.
Death has a remarkable way of making people forget reality.
Death has a strange way of bringing people together.
Death Has a System.
Death has a tough choice.
Death has a way of changing people and old loyalties sometimes fade.
Death has a way of doing that.
Death has a way of putting a lot of things in perspective.
Death has a way of removing people from office.
Death has a way of removing people from the role they play in our lives.
Death has a way of sharpening our focus on life.
Death has a way of spawning such legends.
Death has a way of tempering harsh judgment.
Death has an arsenal of lethal possibilities.
Death has an inescapable finality about it.
Death has devastate impact.
Death has effects.
Death has everything except for healing spells.
Death has glory and majesty, even when it is a dog that dies, let alone five thousand souls.
Death has good taste.
Death has great psychological impact.
Death has here no overtones of threat, but of rest.
Death has impact.
Death has incredible inertia.
Death has many different meanings, but the main meaning is rebirth.
Death has many names.
Death has necessity.
Death has no ass.
Death has no conscience.
Death has no cure.
Death has no further say in the matter.
Death has no hold on the Truly Royal.
Death has no lasting claim.
Death has no meaning.
Death has no more hold on that one.
Death has no more power to sting.
Death has no power in an environment of love.
Death has no power to destroy holiness.
Death has no power to quench the vital flame in the believer's soul.
Death has no power.
Death has no set time to strike and no set time to threaten a driver or spectator.
Death has no sting, and the grave has no victory.
Death has no sting.
Death has no subjective meaning at all.
Death has no terror.
Death has no terrors for it is a wise law of nature.
Death has nothing to claim.
Death has nothing to do with going away.
Death has possibility.
Death has power there.
Death has psychological impact.
Death has such finality.
Death Has Three Lives.
Death hates that.
Death haunts the first half of the review.
Death haunts the first half of TMR' s first issue.
Death here is devoid of drama.
Death here means spiritual insensitivity.
Death here refers to far more than just the ending of our physical existence.
Death hides for a while.
Death hides for months or years at a time, but it never disappears.
Death holds a morbid curiosity for many people.
Death holds no dominion over two people who did so much for so many.
Death holds no more power.
Death hurts because of the initial shock.
Death illuminates a pivotal point, a point from which the culmination of all knowledge can be drawn.
Death includes hunger.
Death includes the loss of any consciousness of the mind.
Death influences life.
Death interrupts the plans.
Death invades every family altar, and severs the fondest ties - the brightest hopes fane.
Death involuntarily intrudes on most people's thoughts during a day.
Death involves blood.
Death involves decomposition.
Death involves destruction.
Death involves examinations.
Death involves separation.
Death is .
Death is a banker.
Death is a beautiful liberation into a freer life.
Death is a beautiful liberation to a freer living.
Death is a big business.
Death is a biological event, a moment in time, almost always painless.
Death is a bookkeeper of life.
Death is a brave topic to take up.
Death is a bridge that uniteth friend with friend.
Death is a burgeoning industry in cyberspace.
Death is a celebration in Mexico.
Death is a certain events but it is also an unpredictable events.
Death is a certain step, and yet it is an uncertain step as to time, place, and manner.
Death is a challenge.
Death is a class filled with potential.
Death is a clinical process, a process that can be observed and documented.
Death is a close second.
Death is a coming together.
Death is a common occurrence in the months immediately following hip fracture.
Death is a common sequela.
Death is a common termination, sometimes within a day.
Death is a common theme in literature and music as well.
Death is a common theme, no doubt because the comedian had so many close calls.
Death is a common traveler of the highways.
Death is a common wage in North Korea.
Death is a compassionate way to relieve unbearable suffering.
Death is a complete end to life and no part lives on.
Death is a complex concept, beyond the grasp of an immature existence.
Death is a concept that no one wants to confront.
Death is a consequence of the first sin, a consequence which touches all humanity.
Death is a constant companion, from the plague, from a fall, from hunger, from murder, from old age.
Death is a constant, thus furthering the idea of eternity and time.
Death is a content.
Death is a contingent reality.
Death is a continuous beautiful process of life .
Death is a country where people wonder and worry what it's like to live.
Death is a crass, crude, vulgar, and materialistic problem.
Death is a curse, and the whole creation has become involved in the curse.
Death is a daily occurrence.
Death is a dare, many of the authors suggest, a test of physical proximity.
Death is a Debt.
Death is a deep, sound, sweet sleep.
Death is a defeated foe.
Death is a defining parameter of the human experience.
Death is a destination.
Death is a Dialogue between.
Death is a different punishment from any other.
Death is a direct consequence of sin.
Death is a dirty, nasty, bloody thing.
Death is a disappearance in the sky.
Death is a dissociation of two entities, the soul and the body.
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Death is a door opening from one aspect of life to another.
Death is a door that opens.
Death is a doorway from a natural world into a spiritual world.
Death is a drag.
Death is a dreaded enemy, and the fear of death hold men in bondage all their lives.
Death is a fact of life and safety is our illusion.
Death is a fact of life for all higher animals.
Death is a fact of life for everyone, and the more dead, the better.
Death is a fact of life.
Death IS a fact of life.
Death is a fact that is experienced every day.
Death is a fact, and it is universal.
Death is a fact.
Death is a failure.
Death is a familiar in our home.
Death is a fear for everyone.
Death is a fearful thing.
Death is a final curtain.
Death is a flip over type animation.
Death is a freedom from the burdens and blindness that come with a physical body.
Death is a frequent motif in the novel.
Death is a friend to no one.
Death is a function of life.
Death is a function of paralysis of the respiratory muscles.
Death is a funny thing.
Death is a ghost in their thoughts.
Death is a given.
Death is a good thing.
Death is a gradual process.
Death is a great destroyer.
Death is a great high.
Death is a great leveler.
Death is a great teacher.
Death is a great unknown.
Death is a great way to get attention.
Death is a great way to get women.
Death is a hard master.
Death is a hard reality to comprehend.
Death is a hearse.
Death is a helpless absence of life.
Death is a high price to pay for automotive political correctness.
Death is a holy passage.
Death is a homecoming, a joyous reunion.
Death is a homecoming.
Death is a horizon.
Death is a horrible reality.
Death is a horrible thing.
Death is a joyful experience Death is the most misunderstood experience of all.
Death is a joyful family reunion and salvation is present at birth.
Death is a legitimate, tolerable, and rationalized part of the Western landscape.
Death is a life without love.
Death is a lifeless state without any thoughts or any consciousness at all.
Death is a limit to life.
Death is a limit.
Death is a loss.
Death is a lousy event to tax.
Death is a low chemical trick played on everybody except sequoia trees.
Death is a lush spirit world.
Death is a manifest reality completely different from life.
Death is a master from Germany . . .
Death is a master from Germany.
Death is a means to an end.
Death is a mountain.
Death is a moving on.
Death is a mystery to be lived rather than a problem to be solved.
Death is a mystery.
Death is a natural and inevitable part of life.
Death is a natural and sometimes probable consequence of an attempt to purchase drugs on the street.
Death is a natural consequence of sin.
Death is a natural occurrence and grief is a natural result of it.
Death is a natural part of moving on and growing.
Death is a natural part of the life cycle.
Death is a natural process that can be managed within the chiropractor's scope of care.
Death is a natural process, like sleep and aging.
Death is a natural process.
Death is a natural transition from one plane to another.
Death is a necessary aspect of an evolutionary world.
Death is a necessary part of life as a whole.
Death is a negation and it is a dishonor.
Death is a new beginning.
Death is a nonmaskable interrupt.
Death is a normal and inevitable part of everyone's life.
Death is a normal and unavoidable life passage.
Death is a once in a lifetime experience.
Death is a painful transition.
Death is a painful, undesirable experience.
Death is a part of automobile racing, indeed, an inherent component of the automobile experience.
Death is a part of being human, just as is birth.
Death is a part of every life, and it is important to face it with honesty.
Death is a part of life and so is sickness and dealing with the loss of loved ones.
Death is a part of life that everyone has to accept.
Death is a part of life that is ignored by most people, including practitioners of the medical arts.
Death is a part of life that is ignored by most people, including some health care workers.
Death is a part of life usually shunted into the shadows.
Death is a part of life, as birth is a part of life.
Death is a part of life.
Death is a part of living and awareness of death gives life significance.
Death is a part of our lives, our living.
Death is a part of the curse after sin.
Death is a passing and life goes on.
Death is a perky blue hair girl and old farts kick more butt then the terminator.
Death is a perky teen-age girl in a tank top.
Death is a perment answer to a temporary problem.
Death is a phase in the cycle of rebirth.
Death is a phase of life, a redistributing of the type.
Death is a physical change.
Death is a portal, a passageway into deeper and brighter life.
Death is a possibility at very high concentrations.
Death is a possibility with any major operation.
Death is a possible complication.
Death is a potential outcome.
Death is a powerful card.
Death is a powerful force in our lives.
Death is a pretty senseless thing.
Death is a process similar to waking up from a dream.
Death is a process.
Death is a profound idea.
Death is a punishment for disobedience.
Death is a punishment for sin.
Death is a punishment to some, to some a gift, and to many a favour.
Death is a real risk of having an eating disorder.
Death is a reality, by virtue of life itself.
Death is a reality.
Death is a regular part of everyone's life.
Death is a relative term.
Death is a release from the restrictions of the body.
Death is a release.
Death is a reminder of the seriousness of sin.
Death is a reminder of the temporary nature of the human body.
Death is a reshuffling of consciousness to adjust and adapt itself to a different order of life.
Death is a result of paralysis of respiratory muscles.
Death is a result of sin .
Death is a reversible feat that cartoons like the roadrunner and coyote enact.
Death is a risk to be avoided.
Death is a rolling stone of change.
Death is a sad and frightening experience for most people.
Death is a sad thing, period.
Death is a sad time.
Death is a sensitive subject.
Death is a separation.
Death is a serious business, Especially when matters are grave.
Death is a serious business.
Death is a severe stage of shock, or shock is a pause in the act of dying.
Death is a shadow cast over the sea.
Death is a shadow that always follows the body.
Death is a shared project.
Death is a sign of human failure.
Death is a situation wherein action has ceased to be controlled by intelligence.
Death is a small price to pay for respect.
Death is a socially constructed idea.
Death is a soft thing, like moonshade, cast from something new made.
Death is a spectral white lady.
Death is a squeamish subject, even for physicians.
Death is a stage and a starting point.
Death is a stage which occurs when the spirit departs from the body to make it lifeless.
Death is a stainless table, a clean sheet folded down sharp as a military bunk.
Death is a state of existence typified by the cessation of brain and respiratory functions.
Death is a state of non-being.
Death is a state of unconsciousness.
Death is a subtle thing, as common as a new experience.
Death is a sure thing.
Death is a taboo subject.
Death is a temporary condition among characters.
Death is a terrible thing for any family.
Death is a terrible thing to cope with.
Death is a terrible thing.
Death is a thing neither to be courted nor to be scorned.
Death is a time of reunion.
Death is a time of review in life.
Death is a time to reflect on spirituality and jade was used as a medium to the spirit world.
Death is a topic that is shrouded by a dense cloud of doubt and mystery.
Death is a tormentor of both the surviving and the dying.
Death is a tough topic.
Death is a tragedy.
Death is a transient thing.
Death is a transition.
Death is a traumatic experience.
Death is a triviality in writing.
Death is a truly universal human experience.
Death is a universal experience .
Death is a universal experience among humans.
Death is a universal theme that dates back to the very first stories ever told.
Death is a very hard issue to handle and being away from home and family makes it harder.
Death is a very hard thing no matter if human or animal.
Death is a very high price to pay for freedom of expression.
Death is a very intense, a very strong word.
Death is a very personal thing.
Death is a very simple fact of life.
Death is a very stressful thing for everybody.
Death is a vicious, unnatural, terror-filled enemy.
Death is a way of life.
Death is a way of seeing life.
Death is a white cotton shirt, draw string, slippers.
Death is a wonderful card.
Death is abnormal.
Death is abolished, life is triumphant.
Death is about definition.
Death is about ending and closure.
Death is about to return to the tomb, the phantom to retire in darkness.
Death is abs.
Death is absence and negation of life.
Death is absence despite life's rituals and hopes.
Death is absurd.
Death is acceptable only when one views life as a gift, and a limited one at that.
Death is actually a relocation for the believer's soul and human spirit.
Death is actually a vital tool in the cycle of life.
Death is actually the evidence of our problem.
Death is addressed as a personal adversary.
Death is after all getting a fair crack of the whip here, but only a fair one.
Death is alive.
Death is all they have to offer.
Death is all too real and all to believable.
Death is almost a charming escape.
Death is almost preferable.
Death is almost unavoidable.
Death is also a driving force, as is the fear of death.
Death is also a frequent theme among the numerous Russian superstitions.
Death is also a metaphor for transformation which is the key here.
Death is also a reality, just as in real life, but it's presented very gently.
Death is also an integral part of life, and sacred as well.
Death is also an issue.
Death is also colourful, curious and exquisitely arranged.
Death is also far too simple an option for players to take.
Death is also the easiest and most decisive way to end an annoying relationship.
Death is also their big fascination.
Death is always a part of gardening, just as it is a part of life.
Death is always a possibility without proper medical treatments.
Death is always a surprise.
Death is always and ever dependent upon the karma of an individual being.
Death is always applicable because it is inevitable.
Death is always around, waiting.
Death is always controversial in books for young readers.
Death is always devastating, even in the horticultural sense.
Death is always difficult to accept.
Death is always painful and difficult to deal with.
Death is always pretty fair.
Death is always sad when it has a face, family and story.
Death is always sudden and unexpected.
Death is always there, there is no escaping from it.
Death is always untimely and unkind.
Death is among the greatest fears inhuman life, causing grief, sorrow and pain.
Death is an abstract entity, possessing nigh infinite power and knowledge.
Death is an accepted state of life, that is the end.
Death is an acquired trait.
Death is an adult experience.
Death is an all too common end and when an opinion becomes life threatening a problem arises.
Death is an ambush.
Death is an awakening.
Death is an awful long time to live with regret.
Death is an awful thing.
Death is an easy way out.
Death is an easy way to get out of a floundering relationship.
Death is an empty phenomenon.
Death is an end of life and existence.
Death is an end of life, and there is nothing to look forward to.
Death is an end to bodily life.
Death is an ending.
Death is an endpoint of importance because it is untreatable and irreversible.
Death is an enemy and the death of a loved one is a great loss.
Death is an enemy Bodily changes emphasize growth and life.
Death is an enemy.
Death is an enormous loss in assimilation strength.
Death is an entirely natural process.
Death is an equal opportunity employer.
Death is an equalizer.
Death is an essential part of hero-dom.
Death is an essential part of life.
Death is an essential part of the cycles of life.
Death is an eternal sleep.
Death is an event only in the sense that it can be recorded in a history.
Death is an event that leaves a permanent hole in a child's life.
Death is an ever-present and inescapable reality in the fallen world because of the curse.
Death is an ever-present possibility.
Death is an evil that produces torment, fear, hatred, suffering, agony, pain, grief and heartache.
Death is an evil, except, it seems, when someone has something to gain by death.
Death is an evolutionary and developmental part of being.
Death is an excellent jumper and hunter.
Death is an experience best shared.
Death is an extinction of what previously existed.
Death is an extremely rare event.
Death is an extremely rare occurrence.
Death is an illusion and sometimes a sudden unexpected occurrence.
Death is an illusion.
Death is an illusionary word.
Death is an important concept in Hinduism.
Death is an important part of life.
Death is an inescapable part of living.
Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.
Death is an inevitability and no matter what some people try, death wins.
Death is an inevitable part of life.
Death is an inevitable part of our life cycle, and no one is exempt from it.
Death is an inevitable thing - no one can escape it.
Death is an inherent danger every driver faces.
Death is an inherently complicated topic.
Death is an inhumane punishment, particularly for an adolescent offender.
Death is an integral part of everybody's life and no matter who it is, everybody fears death.
Death is an integral part of the cycle of life.
Death is an intruder.
Death is an irreversible loss of orderliness by the living organism.
Death is an issue.
Death is an occasional outcome.
Death is an occupational hazard for the brave men of motorsports.
Death is an occurrence
Death is an odd liberation from depression, isolation, powerlessness, violence, and sexism.
Death is an ugly beast.
Death is an ugly, painful reality.
Death is an ugly, ugly thing.
Death is an unavoidable part of life.
Death is an unfeeling monster, and has no respect for rank or station in life.
Death is an unknown to the suicidal person a path to peace.
Death is an unlikely outcome except in patients who are immunocompromised.
Death is an unnatural end to life.
Death is an unwelcome loss and can be very severe.
Death is an unwelcome subject to the literary mind at present.
Death is an unwelcome subject, but so is a big funeral bill.
Death is an unwelcome visitor.
Death is anathema.
Death is annihilation.
Death is another character popular with women.
Death is another gothic topic.
Death is another life.
Death is another potential outcome for children in physically abusive home environments.
Death is another theme running throughout the novel.
Death is another theme that is replayed in many of the images throughout the story.
Death is anti-life.
Death is apparent in everyday life.
Death is around every corner.
Death is around.
Death is arrested as the enemy approaches - and it is a photograph.
Death is as boring as life. . . .
Death is as central to the life of the garden as is the new growth of spring.
Death is as common as birth, but it went into hiding in our twentieth-century hospitals.
Death is as common on farms as in wars.
Death is as divine as life.
Death is as individual to the patient as the disease was.
Death is as integral part of life as is birth.
Death is as meaningful as life.
Death is as much a natural part of the cycle as birth and living.
Death is as much a part of life as birth is.
Death is as much a part of life as birth.
Death is as much a part of the cycle of life as birth is.
Death is as much a part of the developmental life cycle as birth.
Death is as much a reality as birth, growth, maturity and old age.
Death is as much a reality as birth, growth, maturity and old age-it is the one certainty of life.
Death is as much of life as happiness.
Death is as natural and as merciful as life.
Death is as natural as life.
Death is as necessary for man's growth as life itself.
Death is as old as life itself by all but a split second.
Death is as significant as birth and midwives are needed at both events.
Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth is for that which is dead.
Death is associated mainly with necrosis of the tissue of the central nervous system.
Death is associated with a sleep period.
Death is associated with profound immunosuppression.
Death is associated with the spiritual world.
Death is assumed to be the end of life, bleak though that thought is.
Death is at hand, and it is all our fault.
Death is attributed to heart failure.
Death is attributed to high sugar content repressing the rumen-bacterial cellulose activity.
Death is attributed to natural causes.
Death is attributed to the infirmities of old age.
Death is attributed to uraemic poisoning and a stoke of paralysis.
Death is avoided as a taboo.
Death is avoided at all costs, and when it does results it is seen as a defeat.
Death is bad and life is good.
Death is bad enough by itself without making it even sadder with such ceremonies.
Death is bad.
Death is Bad.
Death is banished forever.
Death is beautiful because it lifts the curtain on a new world.
Death is beautiful.
Death is because of sin.
Death is believed to be caused by the ancestors.
Death is better than disease.
Death is better than life.
Death is better than slavery.
Death is better to any man than a life of disgrace.
Death is better, a milder fate than tyranny.
Death is beyond the reach of our knowledge.
Death is blank.
Death is both a spiritual and physical reality.
Death is Broken.
Death is brought to the world.
Death is built in.
Death is built into the biological process of being alive.
Death is but a brief moments' slumber and a short journey home.
Death is but a doorway to new life.
Death is but a mere breaking of the fragile shell.
Death is but a promise now, life is just an empty phrase.
Death is but a sleep and a forgetting.
Death is but an inevitable transition that each soul makes when it leaves the physical body.
Death is but passing from existence to another.
Death is but the beginning.
Death is but the door to the next life.
Death is but the fruition of a life well earned.
Death is by asphyxiation, probably a nearby pillow.
Death is by heart failure.
Death is by One and Life by One.
Death is by paralysis of repiratory system.
Death is by respiratory failure.
Death is called sleep sixty-three times in the Bible.
Death is called unconquerable.
Death is caused by a complete stoppage of respiration.
Death is caused by actions.
Death is caused by bleeding, anemia, or extensive liver or brain damage.
Death is caused by crushing, particularly at base of neck.
Death is caused by degeneration of the heart muscle, which causes acute heart failure.
Death is caused by diseases.
Death is caused by factors.
Death is caused by heart failure or respiratory or kidney malfunction.
Death is caused by infection of the brain and lungs.
Death is caused by loss of blood.
Death is caused by men.
Death is caused by problems.
Death is caused by relate problems.
Death is caused by respiratory failure.
Death is caused by respiratory paralysis.
Death is caused by risk factors.
Death is caused by rot diseases.
Death is caused by secondary infection, hemorrhage, or rupture.
Death is caused by sin.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
Death is caused by the needle which leaves only a very small mark.
Death is caused by the toxin produced by the bacteria.
Death is caused by toxemia.
Death is caused by uremic poisoning.
Death is caused only if the treated bait is consumed in sufficient quantities for several days.
Death is caused primarily by suffocation.
Death is celebrated as a step to transfiguration.
Death is certain for all.
Death is certain, and life is short and vanishes like smoke.
Death is certain, the hour unseen.
Death is certain.
Death Is Certainly Inevitable.
Death is change, and change is always frightening.
Death is cheap.
Death is cheerful and loving.
Death is closer with each second that passes.
Death is come and gone, it is over.
Death is common but never easy.
Death is common during transport.
Death is common to all and none can escape it.
Death is common, yet there are no children.
Death is common.
Death is commonly a sad or unpleasant thing to people.
Death is completely unlike that.
Death is confirmed by the lack of rhythmic breathing, heartbeat, and corneal reflex.
Death is conquered and life is victorious.
Death is conquered, no more chains.
Death is conquered.
Death is considered by most to constitute permanent separation.
Death is considered the boss of all reapers .
Death is considered the common enemy of people everywhere.
Death is cool and killing has become heroic.
Death is cool.
Death is corruption and life is incorruption.
Death is created by cyanide.
Death is created by flames.
Death is created by homicide.
Death is created by murder.
Death is created by nuclear weapons.
Death is created by poisonous gases.
Death is created by suicide.
Death is cruel and unfair.
Death is cruel.
Death is dark, gloomy, cold, but only a shadow.
Death is dawn, the waking from a weary night of fevers unto truth and light.
Death is dear enough in terms of emotional capital , without the added stress of a financial burden.
Death is death, and no living thing wants to die.
Death is death.
Death is decay and decomposition of life.
Death is defeated.
Death is defined as a state of non-being, the termination of biological and social life.
Death is defined as cessation of normal body functions.
Death is defined differently according to what people believe themselves to be.
Death is delayed by the vision of life.
Death is delicate.
Death is deliverance to the incurably weary and happiness to the hopelessly miserable.
Death is departure .
Death is dependable it is sure and forever.
Death is designated as a 'dead end road'.
Death is desirable.
Death is desired in hell much as life is desired on earth.
Death is destructive.
Death is determined by the person ' s response to a series of tests conducted by a physician.
Death is diabetes' most troubling symptom.
Death is Different .
Death is different from sleeping.
Death Is Different.
Death is difficult no matter what the circumstances are.
Death is disarmed.
Death is dissolution of the elements.
Death is divestment, death is communion.
Death is dreadful.
Death is dreams is a consistent metaphor for change, growth, and separation.
Death is due to a syncope accelerated by drink.
Death is due to blood cell or gastrointestinal failure.
Death is due to cyanosis and respiratory failure.
Death is due to paralysis of the muscles of respiration.
Death is due to respiratory and circulatory depression.
Death is due to respiratory failure.
Death is due to respiratory paralysis and can be prevented by artificial breathing.
Death is dull.
Death is dumb.
Death is during a convulsion, from paralysis of respiratory system.
Death is Earth's original re-cycling plan.
Death is easier than life.
Death is easier to bear in the abstract, far away and clinical.
Death is easy - life is hard work.
Death is easy and a punishment for trivial crimes.
Death is easy.
Death is either a peaceful sleep or else it is utter oblivion.
Death is either an annihilation or migration of the soul.
Death is either by roasting or by suffocation.
Death is either the door to life eternal or a terrible judgment.
Death is eminent.
Death is emptiness.
Death is ended.
Death is ends.
Death is especially difficult for the bereaved of the suicide of a loved one.
Death is especially shocking and tragic when it comes so early in life without warning.
Death is essential to finite life.
Death is essentially a matter of consciousness.
Death is essentially a private matter.
Death is essentially by starvation.
Death is eternal but the search for death dates is everlasting.
Death is eternal, all-powerful and unyielding.
Death is even possible.
Death is even swifter in the withered cigars of the poplar.
Death is even worse.
Death is every man's final critic.
Death is everywhere because religion has failed.
Death is everywhere in our lives, as well.
Death is everywhere in our reading for today.
Death is everywhere on display.
Death is everywhere.
Death is Everywhere.
Death is experienced as separation.
Death is experienced essentially as a separation.
Death is explained through the cycles of nature.
Death is exploited by greed .
Death is extinction of personality and individuality.
Death is extreme, and the children are paying attention.
Death is extremely rare, but is possible.
Death is extremely rare, but remains a remote possibility.
Death is extremely rare.
Death is extremely uncommon in viral meningitis.
Death is faced frequently in our nursing homes.
Death is fairly common and easily achieved.
Death is fascinated by humanity.
Death is final . . . .
Death is final and abrupt.
Death is final, but the process of divorce can drag on indefinitely.
Death is final.
Death is finale.
Death is finality, the study of the corporeal.
Death is fixed, definitive, sure, predictable, a closed chapter.
Death is followed by a one day wake.
Death is followed by a period of mourning.
Death is followed by rebirth and the cycle is repeated indefinitely.
Death is for a son to stay free.
Death is for ever.
Death is for smokers, and lots of fast food.
Death is for the ignorant.
Death is forbidden, o man, unto thee.
Death is foreign.
Death is freedom from time and space.
Death is frightening.
Death is from membrane blockage of the air passages or from the poisoned heart muscle.
Death is from non-cardiogenic pulmonary oedema and the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Death is funny.
Death is generally a result of heart failure.
Death is generally due to cardiac arrhythmias or respiratory failure.
Death is generally due to respiratory paralysis or convulsions.
Death is generally present.
Death is given power over everything finite, especially in our period of history.
Death is greatest among the young.
Death is gruesome, lonely, painful, bloody or suffocating.
Death is handed over, bound and defeated, as a servant to the church.
Death is hard to accept.
Death is hard to deal with, even for non-theists.
Death is hard to imagine.
Death is Hard To Live With .
Death is hard to live with.
Death Is Hard to Live With.
Death is harder than blood to wash off.
Death is harsh.
Death is heartless.
Death is here.
Death is hereditary.
Death is hid under life and life is hid under death.
Death is hideous and slow, the fishes' poison passed down the food-chain.
Death is highly improbable.
Death is horrible, but it's also puzzling.
Death is illnesses.
Death is imagined as eternal pain, a form of madness.
Death is immediate.
Death is implied in life and sorrow is implied in pleasure.
Death is important here because something has to die to make room for the new.
Death is impossible.
Death is in almost every scene.
Death is in any event imminent.
Death is in itself a technical subject.
Death is in no hurry.
Death is in the air.
Death is in the nature of things and is accepted.
Death is in the pot.
Death is in the streets.
Death is in the world and has entered the world.
Death is in the world because sin causes it.
Death is inarticulately final refusing forever to negotiate.
Death is incoherent.
Death is indeed a strong word to use here.
Death is indeed horrible.
Death is indeed the final enemy to be defeated.
Death is inescapable.
Death is inevitable after a slow progressive illness.
Death is inevitable and a final statement to our physical being.
Death is inevitable and final.
Death is inevitable and swift, usually within months.
Death is inevitable at the end of life.
Death is inevitable because it is the sad, bitter fruit of sin.
Death is inevitable for all living creatures.
Death is inevitable so prevent any more distress the horse is destroyed.
Death is inevitable to all, whether rich or poor.
Death is inevitable to wise men.
Death is inevitable within seconds to minutes unless there is immediate intervention.
Death is inevitable, and acceptance can contribute to inner peace.
Death is inevitable, and can be aquired by anyone determined enough.
Death is inevitable, and sometimes there are events that are inescapable as well.
Death is inevitable, and while there is no way out, there is a way through.
Death is inevitable, but Life - that's the tricky bit where things happen.
Death is inevitable, retirement is likely, and disability is possible.
Death is inevitable, retirement is probable, and disability is likely.
Death is inevitable, usually within a week of the onset of symptoms.
Death is inevitable.
Death is influential and weighs upon the minds of many of the characters.
Death is inherent in all component things.
Death is inimical, inevitable.
Death is insatiable.
Death is instantaneous.
Death is intensely personal.
Death is intrinsic.
Death is irreducibly unimaginable and alien.
Death is irrelavent.
Death is irrelevant.
Death is irreversible.
Death is irrevocable.
Death is isolation and disconnection, the end of relationship.
Death is joy for the individual who experience it.
Death is just a beginning of another life.
Death is just a brief transition into another realm of existence.
Death is just a change.
Death is just a changing of address.
Death is just a financial and time inconvenience that has no further consequences.
Death is just a natural sequel.
Death is just a part of life.
Death is just a release back into the light of the infinite, the end of a session in the game.
Death is just a transition.
Death is just about everywhere.
Death is just another form of spirituality.
Death is just another indignation to endure, the supreme banality.
Death is just another transformation.
Death is just as natural as birth.
Death is just consistently funnier.
Death is just death.
Death is just one more event in life - a fact .
Death is just one more fact of experience.
Death is just one phase of the cycle, which is followed by rebirth.
Death is just one way to die.
Death is just the beginning.
Death is killing.
Death Is King .
Death is known as transformation.
Death is large.
Death is less clearly an ending as our first breath is a beginning.
Death is liberty unbounded in the planes of light.
Death is liberty, absolute and eternal.
Death is life s continuum.
Death is life, and life is death, how odd a mystery.
Death is life.
Death is life's greatest event.
Death is life's greatest mystery.
Death is life's inevitable accompaniment and culmination.
Death is life's most difficult passage.
Death is like a cloud disappearing.
Death is like a deep sleep.
Death is like a floating cloud which disappears.
Death is like a mirror in which the true meaning of life is reflected.
Death is like a sleep.
Death is like a sound sleep.
Death is like a very deep sleep.
Death is like an amputation that never heals.
Death is like an eternal sleep.
Death is like falling asleep or like waking up.
Death is like floating cloud which disappears.
Death is like going from one room to the next room.
Death is like leaving a banquet.
Death is like sleep.
Death is like sleeping.
Death is like taking a trip.
Death is like that sometimes.
Death is like that.
Death is like water tumbling down over the falls.
Death is likely even with immediate medical attention, but survival is possible.
Death is likely to follow within two days, the result of blood-poisoning and exhaustion.
Death is likely to follow.
Death is likely to result.
Death is likely.
Death is Likely.
Death is literally a step away.
Death is located in battlefields.
Death is located in funerals.
Death is located in hospitals.
Death is located in war.
Death is lost to the living.
Death is magic.
Death is mainly in view here.
Death is man s inevitable fate.
Death is marked by branch die-back and diminished capacity to flush new foliage in spring.
Death is meaningful if life is lived well in the here and now.
Death is merely a change from one status or sphere of existence to another.
Death is merely a fact of life, one coin, two sides.
Death is merely a rite of passage when the soul is freed.
Death is merely the close of one particular cycle of experience, begun by birth.
Death is merely the doorway to the next level of soul growth and evolution.
Death is merely the separation of the soul and spirit from the body.
Death is merely the temporary end of a temporary phenomenon.
Death is messy, palpable, and frightening, and the corpses have a form and character.
Death IS morbid.
Death is more common.
Death is more often due to multiple branch infections than to girdling trunk lesions.
Death is more serious than that because it is followed by judgment.
Death is more than a physical event.
Death is most likely in the very young and very old and in injecting drug users.
Death is most often due to pneumonia or cor pulmonale.
Death is most often due to respiratory failure.
Death is most often secondary to infection.
Death is much more than that.
Death is much too frequent.
Death is mysteries.
Death is natural and generative for diverse shapes of life.
Death is natural and generative for the richness of life.
Death is natural and happens to everyone - just as life does.
Death is natural and normal.
Death is natural, but in America it's considered something to be feared.
Death is natural, that's what people fail to appreciate.
Death is natural.
Death is near The force so strong.
Death is near.
Death is nearly always at the door.
Death is necessary for life to continue.
Death is necessary for life.
Death is necessary for the continuation of life.
Death is necessary to put a covenant of redemption into effect.
Death is negation.
Death is never a pleasant subject to talk about.
Death is never a pretty sight.
Death is never a solution.
Death is never an easy subject.
Death is never bigger than life.
Death is never dignified.
Death is never easy to confront.
Death is never the answer to our struggles, people. . . .
Death is never the answer.
Death is never to be feared, for at death the soul merely passes to the oversoul.
Death is never, of itself, good.
Death is new life to both.
Death is nigh.
Death is no answer to serious social problems.
Death is no barrier to that.
Death is no barrier.
Death is no different whined at than withstood.
Death is no end but a beginning.
Death is no escape for the sinner.
Death is no game.
Death is no idle tale.
Death is no laughing matter, especially at a luncheon party in an English country house.
Death is no laughing matter.
Death is no light matter.
Death is no longer a natural part of life.
Death is no longer a tragedy, but rather a homecoming.
Death is no longer abstract, and neither is life.
Death is no longer an option .
Death is no longer part of the cycle of life.
Death is no longer something to be feared . . .
Death is no longer something to be feared .
Death is no longer something to be feared.
Death is no longer the end . . .
Death is no longer the end.
Death is no longer victorious.
Death is no more and the possibility of evil has ended.
Death is no more than passing from one room into another.
Death is no more.
Death is No Obstacle .
Death is no option.
Death is no quiet lover for open-armed acceptance.
Death is no respecter of age either.
Death is no respecter of anyone, big or small, young or old.
Death is no respecter of persons.
Death is no respector of persons.
Death is no solution for anyone.
Death is no stranger.
Death is non-relational.
Death is normal.
Death is normally due to suffocation.
Death is nothing and pain is nothing, but cowardice is crime and disgrace the greatest punishment.
Death is nothing at all.
Death is nothing but a change or transformation.
Death is nothing more than entropic disorder and life nothing more than entropy reduction.
Death is nothing more than the result of cellular boredom.
Death is nothing to being big and beautiful .
Death is nothing to fear.
Death is nothing, nothing to be scared of.
Death is nothing.
Death is nothingness.
Death is now a welcome guest.
Death is now no terror.
Death is now pass .
Death is now the end of all life.
Death is now where sex was thirty years ago - just coming out of the closet.
Death is number five on the list.
Death is number thirteen in the tarot deck.
Death is obliged to follow.
Death is obviously the termination of life, the quantitative limit.
Death is off-stage, but sex is certainly on stage.
Death is often a symbol for entering into eternity.
Death is often due to hemorrhage.
Death is often due to stroke or a heart attack.
Death is often life's very deepest pain.
Death is often sudden and probably the result of a cardiac arrhythmia.
Death is old hat.
Death is omnipresent.
Death is on holiday.
Death is on the inside.
Death is on the throne.
Death is one business that flourishes in the catastrophe that has overtaken Russia.
Death is one king that reigns during the world s present condition.
Death is one of life's greatest mysteries.
Death is one of the few events that happens to everyone.
Death is one of the few experiences common to all people and all societies.
Death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Death is one of the greatest fears of mankind.
Death is one of the last great taboos in our society.
Death is one of the mysteries of life.
Death is one of the primary reasons man finally came to have dominion over the earth.
Death is one of the relatively few experiences shared by all humankind.
Death is one of the two famous inevitabilities.
Death is one of two things.
Death is one thing.
Death is one.
Death is only a beautiful adventure.
Death is only a few minutes away.
Death is only a Gateway to everlasting life.
Death is only a journey, like going to another country.
Death is only a state of mind.
Death is only a transition to eternal life.
Death is only an old door in a garden wall.
Death is only an old door, set in a garden wall.
Death is only another actor sharing our stage.
Death is only another witness to the absurdity of human existence.
Death is only good when it serves as nutrients to sustain life.
Death is only moments away.
Death is only one Of many doors.
Death is only part of the problem.
Death is only responsible for human beings.
Death is only the antechamber of resurrection.
Death is only the beginning for hitting anyone affilated with the clarkson hockey team.
Death is only the door to a new birth in the Other world, i.e. in eternity.
Death is only the gateway to a fuller life.
Death is only the next step up to a better life and a better day.
Death is only the stone of oblivion.
Death is ordained for everyone, father, mother , daughter or son.
Death is our business and business is good.
Death is our curse.
Death is our destiny - Heb.
Death is our destiny.
Death is our enemy.
Death is our eternal companion,it is always to our left,at an arm's length.
Death is our guide and narrator to The Book Thief.
Death is our inability to perceive transformation.
Death is our last enemy, but a defeated enemy.
Death is our means to completion.
Death is our paycheck - Rom.
Death is our ultimate deadline.
Death is our universal appointment.
Death is outraged and refuses to cooperate.
Death is painful for one who is worried.
Death is part of all our lives.
Death is part of daily life for the world' s poor.
Death is part of earthly existence.
Death is part of human experience.
Death is part of it.
Death is part of life and life goes on.
Death is part of life, a most important and deeply sacred part of life.
Death is part of life, after all.
Death is part of life.
Death is part of life.
Death is part of living.
Death is part of natural renewal.
Death is part of our air and sea and earth.
Death is part of racing.
Death is part of south parks.
Death is part of the dignity and seriousness of life.
Death is part of the game.
Death is part of the life cycle for all creatures.
Death is part of the open system of life and itself generates new life.
Death is part of the process of life.
Death is part of the real-world struggle that occurs millions of times every day in the wild.
Death is part of war.
Death is parts of life.
Death is peaceful, cold, and damp . . .
Death is peaceful.
Death is permanent.
Death is personified as the official who carries out a court's decree.
Death is personified by the word reign.
Death is personified, or described in terms of human characteristics, throughout literature.
Death is personified.
Death is poetic and just.
Death is portrayed as a physical, mental and religious act, the culmination of a journey to wisdom.
Death is possible but rare, officials say.
Death is possible following severe envenomations.
Death is possible from liver or kidney damage or pulmonary edema.
Death is possible within a few days.
Death is possible, although very rare.
Death is possible, but extremely rare.
Death is possible, particularly if there is paralysis of the breathing muscles.
Death is possible.
Death is powerful.
Death is powerless to prevent life.
Death is preferable to defeat.
Death is preferable to such a life.
Death is preferable.
Death is preferred over pain, taking a life over inconvienencing our own.
Death is presented as serene and happy, a place of sunlit green fields and reunion with friends.
Death is presented in a manner that is less distant and threatening.
Death is probably best in the past position.
Death is probably the most remarkable rite of passage, the most important ceremony.
Death is properly the separation of the soul from the body.
Death is psychosomatic.
Death is quantifiable, as the data sadly show.
Death is queer chap to live with for steady company.
Death is quick and painful, and no known spells can slow or halt the process.
Death is quick and painless.
Death is rapid if the bacteria reach the heart.
Death is rare and limited mainly to infants and the elderly.
Death is rare and usually occurs in malnourished children.
Death is rare because a large dose of the poison is required.
Death is rare but does occur.
Death is rare but possible.
Death is rare but when it occurs it is due to liver failure.
Death is rare in adults, but frequent in calves.
Death is rare in otherwise healthy individuals.
Death is rare in the initial stage.
Death is rare since an antivenin is available for severe cases.
Death is rare with viral meningitis.
Death is rare, and symptoms pass within a day, generally with improvement within a few hours.
Death is rare, especially in more recent times.
Death is rare, occurring mainly in children and adults with high blood pressure or illnesses.
Death is rare, though the mushrooms are deadly for cats and dogs.
Death is rare, usually occuring among young children.
Death is rare.
Death is rather the end which is a beginning.
Death is real death.
Death is real.
Death is really a necessity as well as a blessing, and . . .
Death is really a smashing fellow.
Death is really a very ordinary thing in some ways.
Death is really closure.
Death is really death.
Death is really just a shift in consciousness.
Death is rebirth.
Death is reduced to being a painful interruption.
Death is regarded as a kindly release.
Death is regarded as taboo and an unnecessary barrier surrounds it.
Death is represented as a male , and life as a female .
Death is represented as a male, and life as a female.
Death is represented by funerals, coffins, graves and crosses.
Death is required for infractions.
Death is routine, but life is enjoyed with gusto, especially by the children.
Death is said in the scriptures to be our last enemy.
Death is said to have been caused by heart disorder.
Death is scary shit.
Death is seemingly imminent.
Death is seen as a passage into the spirit world, and is celebrated as such with careful ceremony.
Death is seen as a transition from one life to another.
Death is seen as an intruder and feared when it touches life.
Death is seen as part of life.
Death is seen as temporary.
Death is separation between body and soul.
Death is separation from life.
Death is separation of soul from body, just what a philosopher wants.
Death is separation of the soul from the physical body.
Death is separation.
Death is serious because it is a certainty for all men.
Death is serious.
Death is shown in pieces.
Death is silence.
Death is simple.
Death is simply a breath of wind, a cold chill, a pool of liquid.
Death is simply a part of the cycle of life.
Death is simply a separation.
Death is simply an unavoidable fact of life.
Death is simply part of life itself.
Death is simply part of the process of life.
Death is simply the beginning of a new existence of either joy and happiness or sorrow and pain.
Death is simply the final act of a single incarnation.
Death is simply the process that hatches the mind from the body.
Death is so boring.
Death is so common that coffins are sold out of brightly colored vans parked alongside the roads.
Death is so final.
Death is so lonely.
Death is so much a part of our lives - as is time.
Death is so much easier.
Death is so traumatic, so final, so real.
Death is so weird.
Death is socially unacceptable.
Death is somehow a failure.
Death is something all men have to deal with.
Death is something else again.
Death is something final.
Death is something much more emotional than that.
Death is something that is hard to focus on for a lot of people.
Death is something that many people try to ignore as they are wrapped up in living.
Death is something that meets every man, woman and child.
Death is something that only happens once.
Death is something that only happens to old or sick people.
Death is something that only happens to other people.
Death is something which touches every single person.
Death is sometimes preferable to life.
Death is sometimes ugly, it's often cruel, and it almost always smells like hell.
Death is sort of like graduation, or emigration to a strange country.
Death is sought for retribution.
Death is sovereign, hence inconceivable.
Death is stasis.
Death is states.
Death is sterilized, made antiseptic.
Death is still a concept our computers have yet to tackle.
Death is still a long way away.
Death is still a possibility.
Death is still an hour away.
Death is still around, of course, inflicting deep wounds on the world every day.
Death is still beyond the reach of science.
Death is still in our midst holding the whole world in fear and subjection.
Death is still inevitable.
Death is still outside peering in.
Death is still the enemy.
Death is still tragic and a daily event.
Death is still very real in life.
Death is strong, for no one can withstand it.
Death is stronger than life, and infinitely more correct.
Death is such a beautiful thing.
Death is such a final thing.
Death is such a personal, particular, intimate experience, it's hard to make generalizations.
Death is such a waste.
Death is such an absolute term.
Death is such an easy way out.
Death is such an odd thing.
Death is sudden and unexpected, making life behind the German lines one of unbearable tension.
Death is supposed to come with old age.
Death is supposed to have resulted from an attack of heart disease.
Death is sure.
Death is swallowed up by life.
Death is swallowed up in life.
Death is swallowed up in victory.
Death is swift and sure.
Death is symptoms.
Death is talked about frequently on the westward journey.
Death is tangible, concrete.
Death is that most formidable enemy.
Death is that way.
Death is that which is most individuating.
Death is the absence of any and all energies.
Death is the absence of life .
Death is the absence of life.
Death is the acute effect most commonly used in toxicity testing.
Death is the allure of fur.
Death is the answer.
Death is the beginning and death is again the end, and life is just the illusion in between.
Death is the beginning of a new journey and, thus, the cycle repeats itself.
Death is the believer s.
Death is the biggest and ultimate enemy of freedom.
Death is the black hole of biology.
Death is the black servant who rides behind the chariot of life.
Death is the brick wall into which life slams eventually.
Death is the bridge between lives.
Death is the built-in ultimate consequence of sin.
Death is the cause of rebelling against a heavenly father.
Death is the cessation oflife.
Death is the change from one state to another, the reunion of body with earth, of soul with spirit.
Death is the channel of sin.
Death is the common denominator of all people, all races, and all cultures.
Death is the completed work of development of the sum total of effect to a finished work of nature.
Death is the consequence of being alive.
Death is the crisis of life.
Death is the crown of all.
Death is the crown of life.
Death is the culmination of life.
Death is the cure.
Death is the curse against our sin.
Death is the darkness of night on which life starts twinkling like stars.
Death is the default state. .
Death is the destruction of the body only.
Death is the devil's calling card.
Death is the domain of the spirits.
Death is the doorway to a new and wider life.
Death is the easy way out.
Death is the end for all but a few.
Death is the end of a journey.
Death is the end of a life.
Death is the end of a lifelong pilgrimage.
Death is the end of a lifetime pilgrimage.
Death is the end of a lifetime.
Death is the end of all complacence.
Death is the end of all.
Death is the end of darkness, the beginning of light, the beginning of seeing, of knowing.
Death is the end of everyone and the life of man quickly passes away like a shadow.
Death is the end of life .
Death is the end of life in an organism .
Death is the end of life, but it is also the end of sumo.
Death is the end of life.
Death is the end of metabolism.
Death is the end of one life experience and the door to a new life experience.
Death is the end of our earthly life.
Death is the end of our physical existence, our bodies returning to the life cycle.
Death is the end of sensation, the absence of life.
Death is the end of the connection between the soul and the body at which time they are separated.
Death is the end of the plant's life cycle.
Death is the end or destruction.
Death is the end, there is no more.
Death is the end.
Death is the enemy of everyone .
Death is the enemy that all humanity fears.
Death is the enemy, the last enemy.
Death is the enemy.
Death is the eventual outcome.
Death is the evidence of the curse of sin.
Death is the extinction of personality and individuality.
Death is the extinction of the individual.
Death is the failure on the part of man to sustain harmonious life in the body.
Death is the final cessation of life.
Death is the final event of life.
Death is the final frontier.
Death is the final step.
Death is the final taunting sentence.
Death is the final transition.
Death is the first topic on the agenda.
Death is the flat denial of nondisposability.
Death is the golden key that opens the palace of eternity.
Death is the great abstinance.
Death is the great American taboo.
Death is the great enemy of mankind.
Death is the great equalizer.
Death is the great leveler of mankind.
Death is the great leveler.
Death is the great leveller.
Death is the great man-made illusion.
Death is the great prison-house.
Death is the great separator.
Death is the great test of our conviction about connectivity.
Death is the great, man-made illusion.
Death is the greatest adventure.
Death is the greatest and highest power, because death conquers all men and all things.
Death is the greatest kick of all.
Death is the harshest sentence possible.
Death is the inescapable fact of life.
Death is the inevitable common end.
Death is the inevitable destruction of the old, to allow for renewal and rebirth.
Death is the inevitable end for all.
Death is the inevitable outcome of all TSEs.
Death is the intent in both cases.
Death is the invariable answer to even the most cautious life.
Death is the irreducible common denominator of all men.
Death is the just wages of our sin.
Death is the last chapter of time and the first chapter of eternity.
Death is the last great taboo.
Death is the last stage of the life cycle.
Death is the last taboo.
Death is the life crisis receiving the greatest attention in current Athabascan culture.
Death is the line that marks the end of all.
Death is the loss or end of life.
Death is the manufacturing of guns, bombs and land mines.
Death is the marking line drawn between the divine and human.
Death is the mere transition to more life, more abundance of love, in other form.
Death is the metastructure of marine emission.
Death is the moment when the liquid has finished itself and nothing more flows.
Death is the most awesome and terrifying mystery of our existence.
Death is the most beautiful thing there is.
Death is the most important emotion.
Death is the most inevitable truth of life.
Death is the most serious complication.
Death is the mother of beauty.
Death is the mother of structure.
Death is the narrator.
Death is the necessity that makes life possible.
Death is the one aspect of life no one can really share.
Death is the one certainty of life.
Death is the one certainty.
Death is the one great certainty.
Death is the one great leveling factor, though.
Death is the one that usually comes to mind, but there are many others.
Death is the only act which frees one from that divine bond.
Death is the only certainty, both for the characters and the reader.
Death is the only dignified means of attaining victimary status.
Death is the only escape from their bondage.
Death is the only greatness.
Death is the only honorable means of ending a marriage.
Death is the only justice.
Death is the only other means of termination.
Death is the only recourse.
Death is the only release from persecution.
Death is the only release.
Death is the only state of grace and murder is a sacrament.
Death is the only thing that can bring two star-crossed lovers together.
Death is the only thing which genuinely severs the marital bond.
Death is the opposite of birth.
Death is the opposite of life.
Death is the opposite of relationship to the source of life, growth, and kedusha.
Death is the opposite of time.
Death is the pain of sin, and that pain is very real.
Death is the painful metamorphosis.
Death is the passage, and sometimes that passage can be painful, even excruciating.
Death is the passing of the spirit through a doorway, into another dimension of life.
Death is the penalty for sin.
Death is the penalty for sinning, which is why everyone dies.
Death is the penalty for sinning.
Death is the penalty, or price of sin.
Death is the penalty.
Death is the period at the end of our little oration.
Death is the period.
Death is the permanent, irreversible cessation of vital functions of the body.
Death is the politics of greed, hatred and ignorance.
Death is the poor man's doctor.
Death is the price of such altruism.
Death is the price to be paid for renewal and new life, and to that extent is to be welcomed.
Death is the primary question.
Death is the process of a mutable rule being removed from the ruleset.
Death is the proof that sin abides.
Death is the punctuation of life, a terminal full stop, period.
Death is the punishment for sin and all men are sinners.
Death is the reality.
Death is the realm of the fearful and ignorant.
Death is the removal of a tool that limits the view and awareness.
Death is the repose of cares.
Death is the residue of caring.
Death is the result of sin.
Death is the result of the belief in life as physical matter.
Death is the result of the entrance of sin into the world.
Death is the result of the previous two riders' work.
Death is the result.
Death is the reward of sin, but there is One who committed no sin, who was without guile.
Death is the scandal that was always hidden.
Death is the seal of every mission because god has hidden away fecundity in the bosom of death.
Death is the seed.
Death is the separating of the body from the soul.
Death is the separation of mind and matter.
Death is the separation of soul from body.
Death is the separation of the body from the soul.
Death is the separation of the soul from the body.
Death is the sign of a violence perpetrated against the community.
Death is the single greatest fear that most mortals everywhere share.
Death is the single most important event in family life.
Death is the spectacle of repression .
Death is the succumbing to the powers of assimilation of the outside world.
Death is the supreme ill.
Death is the supreme limit, the primary symbol and reality our limited, finite nature.
Death is the thing that bring's violence to the screan.
Death is the transformation from old to new.
Death is the transition point.
Death is the ultimate absurd joke on life.
Death is the ultimate consequence.
Death is the ultimate decompensation.
Death is the ultimate defeat for many health care workers.
Death is the ultimate defilement, a final barrier obscuring man's view of eternity.
Death is the ultimate end.
Death is the ultimate failure to adapt.
Death is the ultimate humiliation of mankind.
Death is the ultimate illustration.
Death is the ultimate insult.
Death is the ultimate kenosis.
Death is the ultimate negative.
Death is the ultimate out of control experience.
Death is the ultimate philosophy.
Death is the ultimate punishment.
Death is the ultimate real estate tax shelter of all.
Death is the ultimate result of toxic envenomation.
Death is the ultimate revenge.
Death is the ultimate sickness, and sign of the curse.
Death is the ultimate sorrow, the ultimate sorrow.
Death is the ultimate taboo.
Death is the ultimate tragedy in a family's life.
Death is the ultimate union of self and All.
Death is the unavoidable end of all humanity.
Death is the unavoidable force in the novella, the one fact that no living creature can escape.
Death is the undercurrent running through a sport that is both glorious and savage.
Death is the undercurrent that seeps through the sport.
Death is the unknown that breaks the continuity of our lives.
Death is the unknown.
Death is the usual outcome once clinical symptoms appear regardless of any post-exposure treatment.
Death is the usual result if no treatment is given.
Death is the wages due to sin.
Death is the wages of sin.
Death is the wages that sin pays.
Death is the way to Heavens.
Death is the world's most powerful vacuum.
Death is their art, their beauty, while it is our darkness and terror.
Death is their daily business.
Death is their revealer.
Death is their shepherd.
Death is then inevitable unless Puff and Blow manage to complete the level.
Death is then nonexistent, and the eternal life starts here, from birth.
Death is there.
Death is therefore in no way to be feared.
Death is thought of as a normal life process.
Death is thought of by the world as an awful thing.
Death is thought to have been instantaneous from a wound in the heart.
Death is thought to have resulted from a complication of diseases.
Death is thus but a temporary accident and the killing a mere minor crime.
Death is thus never assumed, it comes.
Death is to be feared, because many believe that death means the end of conscious existence.
Death is to be feared.
Death is too easy.
Death is too familiar, even though it adds weight.
Death is too light a punishment for such men who wage war.
Death is too permanent.
Death is too serious to trifle with.
Death is totally negative.
Death is treated with complete honesty - no dramatics, just the ugly fact.
Death is trivialized with much else that people care about.
Death is true.
Death is turned to life , drudgery to thrill .
Death is two-fold.
Death is typical within the first year.
Death is typically due to cardiac or brain involvement.
Death is typically secondary to cardiac failure.
Death is typically soon to follow.
Death is typically the key event in structuring a buy-sell agreement.
Death is ugly and personal.
Death is ultimate hypocrisy.
Death is unavoidable.
Death is uncommon except in infant monkeys.
Death is uncommon when diagnosis and treatment are prompt.
Death is uncommon, except for the very young, very old and the immuno-compromised.
Death is uncommon.
Death is undeniably one of the hardest parts of living.
Death is understood as a preoccupation, as well as an occupation.
Death is unfamiliar.
Death is universal.
Death is unknown.
Death is unlikely.
Death is unnatural.
Death is unreal when one attains life's essential goal.
Death is unusual, but affected animals stop gaining weight and milk production declines.
Death is usually a result of an allergic reaction.
Death is usually a result of multiorgan failure.
Death is usually a result of suffocation or heart failure rather than crushing.
Death is usually a sudden, unexplained event, presumably due to some sort of brain dysfunction.
Death is usually a symbol of some type of closure or end.
Death is usually by cardiorespiratory failure.
Death is usually by suffocation.
Death is usually due to a heart attack or sudden irregularity in the heart rhythm.
Death is usually due to cardiovascular collapse.
Death is usually due to circulatory failure and shock.
Death is usually due to complications from renal insufficiency, shock, or hemorrhage.
Death is usually due to complications of hypercalcemia.
Death is usually due to convulsions.
Death is usually due to excessive fluid loss from vomiting and diarrhea.
Death is usually due to fat or blood clots originating at the site of the fracture.
Death is usually due to paralysis of the medullary centers.
Death is usually due to peritonitis, intra abdominal abscess or severe infection following rupture.
Death is usually due to pneumonia or urinary tract infection.
Death is usually due to respiratory arrest from paralysis of the medullary centers.
Death is usually due to respiratory failure by paralysis of the intercostal muscles and diaphragm.
Death is usually due to respiratory failure or disturbance of heart rhythm.
Death is usually due to respiratory failure.
Death is usually due to secondary infection or hemorrhage.
Death is usually from heart disease .
Death is usually from thirst, hunger, exhaustion, or predation .
Death is usually from thirst, hunger, exhaustion, or predation.
Death is usually from uncontrolled local cancer in the neck, usually within months of diagnosis.
Death is usually happy and kind.
Death is usually inevitable within one year of symptom onset.
Death is usually just before harvest.
Death is usually secondary to respiratory paralysis.
Death is usually secondary to vasculitis occurring within the kidneys or gastrointestinal tract.
Death is usually sudden without warning symptoms.
Death is usually sudden.
Death is usually the first sign of the disease.
Death is usually the result of wasting or an opportunistic infection or neoplasm.
Death is utterly final.
Death is very cheap.
Death is very cruel.
Death is very fascinating, however.
Death is very much a part of life.
Death is very obvious when the life of another is taken.
Death is very possible.
Death is very real.
Death is viewed as an interruption.
Death is viewed as the only exit strategy.
Death is virtually always inevitable.
Death is virtually inevitable in animals showing clinical signs.
Death is water soluble.
Death is weird in a pop culture world.
Death is welcomed as a Friend for Life is merely Moot.
Death is welcomed by many, because it is the end of searching.
Death is what happens to a form when the living inhabitant exist or moves on or leaves.
Death is what results from sin, because sin is life-threatening.
Death is when someone or something ceases to function for the purpose for which it was created.
Death is when the heart is affected.
Death is when the inconceivable becomes the inevitable.
Death is when the spirit separates from the body.
Death is when the tide comes in.
Death is when their heart stops and they stop breathing.
Death is where the ancestors are.
Death is within minutes - only cyanide is quicker.
Death is without pain, without joy, without hatred.
Death is wonderful when done right.
Death is woven into the fabric of human history.
Death is written on the face of all that is alive.
Death is written throughout that list of names.
Death is zombies, gore, nightmares, witches and stuff like that.
Death is, after all, a solitary journey.
Death is, after all, just a change, a transition from one reality to another.
Death is, all things considered, preferable to a life without philosophy.
Death is, at best, vaguely defined in our culture.
Death is, in fact, a part of our day to day experience.
Death is, simply, Life in another dimension.
Death is, so to speak, a by-product of multicellular organisms.
Death is, that is all.
Death is, therefore, just as frequent and 'natural' as birth.
Death isa alteration.
Death joins hands with sorrow seeking comfort in loneliness and nature.
Death just happens.
Death just is.
Death knocks at the door, Death stares one in the face.
Death knocks on the door of the old and young alike.
Death knows but the present.
Death knows no life as darkness knows no light.
Death knuckles down to bare bones- dancing on each die rolled.
Death lacks meaning, lacks reality.
Death lasts for a long, long time.
Death lasts forever.
Death leads to bereavement.
Death leads to concern.
Death leads to life.
Death leans against the door demanding to be satisfied.
Death leaves an empty place in the home and in the heart.
Death leaves painful void in communities.
Death lends a power to ideas, to events.
Death lends the ultimate touch, and whatever is touched by death indeed becomes power.
Death Let's now return briefly to the lowly caterpillar's chrysalis.
Death lies exposed in a dried river bed under the blazing Eritrean sun.
Death lies in their wake as the two run.
Death Lifts the Latch.
Death lights a candle.
Death limits results.
Death lives wherever life is.
Death looks different.
Death looks gigantically down.
Death looks good by comparison.
Death looks like shit.
Death looms ahead, a gracious reward or eternal loss.
Death looms big.
Death looms large and menacing in the film.
Death looms large.
Death looms over the potential of bliss.
Death looms, and in it there are dimensions of violent sensuality to be explored.
Death loses on every occassion except one.
Death loves a shining mark, a signal blow.
Death loves the wasteful.
Death lurks around here at night.
Death lurks everywhere.
Death makes a mockery of any other reason for living.
Death makes an appearance in two excellent scenes.
Death makes better material.
Death makes effects.
Death makes everybody analyze their own life.
Death makes everything else smaller.
Death makes life meaningful.
Death makes life precious.
Death makes news.
Death makes no change in that.
Death makes no demands.
Death makes no distinction except when a man is behind the blood.
Death makes no distinction, except a man is behind the blood.
Death makes one sleepy.
Death makes our life.
Death makes things beautiful because in death one s radiance shines brighter in our memory.
Death makes things mystical and mysterious.
Death marks the final failure of things.
Death marks the period to our life, the sentence of our life.
Death marks the transition from life to another world.
Death matters only because it is so crucial an aspect of our living.
Death means balance has been lost.
Death means breaking through the barrier of space and time.
Death means carnage.
Death means changes, and new beginnings.
Death means different things to different people.
Death means dying to the physical world.
Death means explaining to children.
Death means many things to different people and to the same person at different times.
Death means more than physical separation from one's body.
Death means no more sheep.
Death means non-awareness.
Death means nothing in the relationship between mother and child.
Death means points and points means glory.
Death means separation of the body and soul.
Death means separation.
Death means the cessation of dialysis or cessation of provision of immunosuppressive drugs.
Death means the parting of a love one to the great beyond.
Death means the separation of a person's spirit from their body.
Death means the separation of the body from the soul.
Death means transformation, disappearance of what is old so as to make room for what comes new.
Death merely illuminates the way up from the nest to the stars.
Death needs to be in some way detrimental, of course.
Death never brings happiness.
Death never ceases to be a distant event.
Death never is.
Death never postpones.
Death normally comes within five days.
Death normally occurs about six months after onset.
Death normally occurs about six months after the onset of the disease.
Death normally occurs after about six months.
Death normally occurs in mid childhood.
Death nourishes life.
Death Now cracks a noble heart.
Death now enters the new world.
Death now is tied to all of life, via the atmosphere and ocean.
Death now occurs mostly in the hospital where it can be ignored and minimized.
Death now reigns over all humanity because all have sinned.
Death obviously plays by the numbers.
Death occurs after a period of several days to two weeks, usually from internal hemorrhaging.
Death occurs after ingestion of eight grams of quinine.
Death occurs approximately two days after clinical signs appear.
Death occurs as a result of hepatic failure.
Death occurs as a result of respiratory arrest .
Death occurs as a result of respiratory arrest.
Death occurs as a result of respiratory failure.
Death occurs at a loss of between fifteen and twenty-five percent of the body water.
Death occurs because of dehydration.
Death occurs because of hyperinfection syndrome in immunocompromised host.
Death occurs because of pneumonia from retained secretions.
Death occurs before age two.
Death occurs by age ten to fifteen years of age.
Death occurs by asphyxiation as a result of muscle exhaustion and pulmonary edema.
Death occurs due to opportunistic infections.
Death occurs due to paralysis of the muscles needed for breathing.
Death occurs due to respiratory arrest during coma are the important symptoms.
Death occurs during embryogenesis, and a wide variety of defects are seen.
Death occurs during the first seven days of illness without intensive care.
Death occurs exponentially, but at a low rate.
Death occurs from cardiac failure.
Death occurs from coma, dehydratin, asthenia, convulsion and pneumonia.
Death occurs from dehydration and loss of essential electrolytes.
Death occurs from respiratory failure due to central nervous system depression and muscle paralysis.
Death occurs from secondary problems, like pneumonia.
Death occurs from seizures or apnea.
Death occurs from shock and cardiac complications.
Death occurs from spasm of the muscles used for breathing.
Death occurs from within a few hours to two days.
Death occurs if an overdose is inhaled.
Death occurs if at any time the virus attacks the heart, liver, or other internal organs.
Death occurs immediately.
Death occurs in a few weeks to several years, often resulting from intercurrent disease.
Death occurs in a high frequency of untreated cases.
Death occurs in a small percentage of cases, more likely among the very young and the very old.
Death occurs in childhood or early adult life.
Death occurs in communities.
Death occurs in early adulthood from renal failure or cardiovascular complications.
Death occurs in every instance.
Death occurs in families.
Death occurs in late childhood or early adolescence .
Death occurs in life.
Death occurs in most cases two or three days after the first appearance of symptoms.
Death occurs in patients.
Death occurs in places.
Death occurs in rodents within two weeks on a thiamine antagonist or a thiamine-lacking diet.
Death occurs in Stage IV, often the result of intercurrent illnesses such as pneumonia.
Death occurs in the early teens, often from the associated heart disease .
Death occurs in the early teens, often from the associated heart disease.
Death occurs in three to five days.
Death occurs in three-fourths of kittens and about half of adult cats that get the disease.
Death occurs in years.
Death occurs instantly or shortly after symptoms appear.
Death occurs most often when a person drinks in excess and passes out.
Death occurs naturally at some time in the life- cycle of all organisms.
Death occurs often after many weeks or months of expensive and painful hospital care.
Death occurs often in the first decade.
Death occurs on days four through nine.
Death occurs only after exposure to a very large amount of mustard.
Death occurs only in very rare cases, about one in a thousand.
Death occurs quickly, usually during a sleep time.
Death occurs quietly.
Death occurs rapidly if large amounts of leaf blades are eaten.
Death occurs rapidly unlike other fungal infection.
Death occurs rapidly.
Death occurs several hours to a few days later.
Death occurs several years after the onset of symptoms.
Death occurs suddenly.
Death occurs three to-seven days from the onset of signs.
Death occurs upon one shuffle, which destroys the sequence of suits.
Death occurs usually within the first six weeks of transplantations.
Death occurs usually within the first six years.
Death occurs when a character 's life points reach zero.
Death occurs when a player's health points drop to zero, resulting in a kill.
Death occurs when all of a player or mob's hit points are depleted.
Death occurs when any of the organism's interdependent systems break down.
Death occurs when birth stops.
Death occurs when fractions of the clot break off and pass to and block the arteries of the lungs.
Death occurs when major organs fail.
Death occurs when some vital part of the body can no longer function properly.
Death occurs when the drug paralyzes the respiratory system.
Death occurs when the drug stops either the heart or the lungs.
Death occurs when the force takes place just before a heart beat.
Death occurs when the muscles used in breathing become paralyzed.
Death occurs when the organs are no longer able to function.
Death occurs when the relevant functions cease.
Death occurs when the subtle consciousness finally leaves the body to go to the next life.
Death occurs when the tie between spirituality and physicality severs.
Death occurs within a few days to a week.
Death occurs within a few weeks after exposure.
Death occurs within a few years.
Death occurs within hours.
Death occurs within minutes unless there is emergency intervention.
Death occurs within seconds, usually during sleep.
Death occurs within weeks or months of infection.
Death occurs without any preliminary symptoms.
Death occurs, as well as bloody self-mutilation with a dagger.
Death offers peace, but the dreaded unknown makes men too cowardly to commit suicide.
Death only needs to be paid once for every sinner.
Death only smiles.
Death opens the arena for martyrdom, p.
Death opens the eyes of the living.
Death ought to be hard to sell.
Death ought to be powerless.
Death overcomes everyone and everything.
Death overshadows nearly everything else.
Death overtakes it, happens to it.
Death passes over.
Death pays all debts.
Death pays the penalty.
Death peeps out at every limb.
Death perennially haunts the imagination of the living.
Death pervades the minds of the acute sick and the starving poor.
Death Pick up the matches, and go to right above on the screen.
Death plays a pipe and tabor.
Death plays a very large part in the arts as well.
Death plays an important role in the book.
Death plays as large a role as life when it comes to breeding pigs.
Death plays no favorites.
Death plays pool with skulls.
Death poems about grandmothers.
Death predictably seems to be a primary currency in our first issue.
Death presents a great opportunity to growth.
Death presides over the many facets of Ojibway life.
Death prevails over any perfection, either psychological or aesthetic.
Death primarily occurs during late pupation.
Death probably occurs from cardiac and respiratory paralysis.
Death produces grief for several reasons.
Death promises new life.
Death provides a cleansing of the old.
Death provides an opportunity to realize it.
Death provides answers.
Death puts a final limit on everything.
Death puts a stop to the supply of glucose, and therefore to fingernail growth.
Death puts an end absolutely and irrevocably to all our plans and works, and it is inevitable.
Death puts an end to the old to make way for the new.
Death puts men beyond the reach of good advice.
Death raises concern.
Death raises questions from the most material to the most spiritual levels.
Death raises suspicion.
Death rattles the detached cage door that bones the car.
Death really hates that.
Death reduces alcohol consumption.
Death reduces consumption.
Death refers to something already born then being extinguished.
Death reflects the end of life and for some a time of transition.
Death refreshes memory, pushes away the clutter of years.
Death relates to health.
Death relates to medicine.
Death relates to mental health.
Death relates to western medicine.
Death remain toward either camp furniture.
Death remains a mystery to most adults.
Death remains a profound and confronting mystery.
Death remains the bad news.
Death remains the ultimate limit.
Death remains too much a mystery.
Death remains, in every sense, the last taboo.
Death removes a soul from one of the trucks.
Death removes more men from the roster than do resignations.
Death represents only one facet of Serbian actions in Kosovo.
Death represents the opposite of moral freedom and choice.
Death reputes Peace lies indeed.
Death requires no faith.
Death resides in an extra-dimensional realm called Death's Domain .
Death results from a person deviating from the balance at the center, moving towards an extreme.
Death results from a serious disturbance in the heart's rhythm caused by the inhalant.
Death results from accidents.
Death results from acute cellular injuries.
Death results from acute injuries.
Death results from anoxia and exhaustion.
Death results from asphyxia due to prolonged paralysis of the respiratory muscles.
Death results from cardiopulmonary failure.
Death results from cellular damage.
Death results from cellular injuries.
Death results from complications such as infection, pneumonia or heart failure.
Death results from complications such as infection, pneumonia, or heart failure.
Death results from damage.
Death results from dehydration and acidosis.
Death results from events.
Death results from excessive loss of water.
Death results from extreme events.
Death results from extreme temperature events.
Death results from heart failure and suffocation.
Death results from inability to fight off repeated opportunistic infections.
Death results from injuries.
Death results from overdose which brings on lung and heart complications.
Death results from paralysis of respiratory muscles.
Death results from paralysis of the respiratory muscles.
Death results from permitting temptation to grow.
Death results from respiratory and cardiac failure.
Death results from respiratory arrest.
Death results from respiratory failure, circulatory collapse, and internal bleeding.
Death results from respiratory failure.
Death results from seizures or cardiac arrhythmias.
Death results from slight wounds or from navel cord hemorrhage.
Death results from suffocation.
Death results from the one or the other procedure, depending on the methods employed.
Death results in a few days after the removal of the glands if the condition re- mains untreated.
Death results in both cases.
Death results in rapid responses.
Death results in responses.
Death results rapidly whenever a skull fracture is involved.
Death retire many hall on none remote clock among lots regular nerve.
Death returns things to chaos.
Death revitilizes life.
Death rides a camel.
Death rides a pale horse, but Sex rides yellow.
Death Rides a Wildcat.
Death rides aloft on every breeze and lurks in every flower.
Death rides in on a very swift horse.
Death rides on the back of the black bull.
Death rides shotgun with every racer on every track everywhere.
Death rings sonorously.
Death rips that living fabric asunder.
Death rises without little present as rung major league baseball uniforms.
Death rises without little present as rung womens tennis clothing.
Death runs apace.
Death ruthlessly breaks the deepest bonds of love.
Death 's a devouring gamester, And sweeps up all.
Death s steadily blossoming sense of humanity becomes one of the book s most endearing traits.
Death s the great disease.
Death saturates the lives of the Parrish family.
Death saturates their culture.
Death seals personal choices made long before the end.
Death seals the eternal destiny for each person.
Death seals the eternal destiny of each person.
Death seams up and down the leaf.
Death seems even more than ever like a dead-end preceded by an extremely complex maze.
Death seems imminent.
Death seems inevitable.
Death seems like a welcome relief from life's pain, when there seems to be more pain than happiness.
Death seems like that - cruel and out of place in life.
Death seems like the only way out.
Death seems more frequent here.
Death seems one minute away every minute.
Death seems pretty good right now.
Death seems so final.
Death seems sudden and people lose chances to say goodbye.
Death seems to be entering our family, threatening to change everything permanently.
Death seems to happen almost overnight.
Death seems to have been by asphyxiation which is probable.
Death seems to take it all away.
Death serves an ace.
Death sets all out of joint, And scorns their glory.
Death shadows Africa's Great Lakes.
Death shows symptoms.
Death shows up frequently and in many guises in Latin American art.
Death simply reevaluates values by trivializing trivia.
Death simply slips a negative word into the mix.
Death solves all problems.
Death soon follows.
Death spares no one.
Death spares none.
Death spells the end to a senseless existence.
Death Stacks the Deck.
Death Stalks a Continent.
Death Stalks a Holiday .
Death stalks Iraq's children from the moment of birth.
Death start amid few arm so determine wilson sporting goods golf.
Death starts from the pillar-box by midday.
Death stems from respiratory failure, bacterial pneumonia, or immune system failure.
Death still comes to the living.
Death still crouches in the tall grass of cyberspace.
Death still frightens people more than anything else.
Death still living represents the father's dead body, with the soul still alive within.
Death still remains as the consequence of sin.
Death still sucks.
Death still visits every family in Iraq.
Death stinks, and everybody knew it.
Death stinks, too.
Death stirs a man to search for immortality.
Death strikes close to their own homes as frequently as it does for the rest of the population.
Death strikes deep when loved ones and family are taken.
Death strikes from afar, as unseen machine guns suddenly end lives.
Death suddenly appears at the encampment.
Death suddenly looks thoughtful.
Death supports the awesome biological enterprise of making abundant the green and squiggly life.
Death sustains life.
Death swoops down to deliver the final insult.
Death Takes a Holiday .
Death takes a holiday.
Death Takes a Holiday.
Death Takes a Partner.
Death Takes an Encore.
Death takes away, but facing it and grieving can result in peace, new strengths and purpose.
Death takes away, but grief can give back.
Death takes care of business.
Death takes everyone sooner or later.
Death takes many forms among children of Africa.
Death takes many forms and occurs throughout the lifespan.
Death takes no bribes.
Death takes no holiday online, where the subject is treated with both respect and dark humor.
Death takes no holidays here.
Death takes our body, but lust, among other sins, is a death that takes our spirit.
Death takes our friends and families and benefactors, and leaves a space that no one can fill.
Death takes place.
Death takes places.
Death takes someone from the world and leaves a hole where that person used to live.
Death Takes the Deck.
Death takes the real measure of life.
Death takes the stage.
Death takes the young doctor away to a cave full of candles that represent human lives.
Death tends to linger in our minds for a substantial amount of time.
Death terminates a contract whether written or oral.
Death terminates the permit.
Death then becomes the final solution to problems, the first step being statist coercion.
Death then becomes the potential for life.
Death then begins the story.
Death then is no longer a grave, an ending, but rather a doorway, a beginning.
Death thereby becomes an action, rather than a reaction as it is in Western cultures.
Death therefore comes through human sin.
Death therefore is applicable to a change or transference from one degree or condition to another.
Death there's many of diffrent kinds of deaths.
Death think out either graduation dress.
Death threatens the viewer's own moral sense and good judgment.
Death thus becomes a benefit to the species.
Death too comes, mostly in inconvenient ways.
Death touches all, and then, finally takes all.
Death touches only the body.
Death tries to ring out and only angels sing.
Death turns out to be less of a crisis and more of an opportunity.
Death turns to life.
Death typically occurs from respiratory muscle paralysis.
Death typically occurs one to sixth months after clinical symptoms appear.
Death typically occurs three to seven days after the symptoms start.
Death typically results from heart failure.
Death underscores the richness of life.
Death Valleys most luxurious accommodation.
Death vindicates the insulted rights of man.
Death waits .
Death waits at the door.
Death waits here.
Death waits patiently.
Death walks down the aisle alone, and with NO crowd reaction.
Death walks grimly through our colourful world, starkly black and white.
Death watches out for our beginnings.
Death Wears a Lonely Smile.
Death wears a thousand screaming faces, and the only choice is to go on or go under.
Death wears away all things.
Death wears no insignia.
Death wipes the slate clean.
Death withdraws into the enigmatic.
Death womens sleeveless shirt.
Death works no change.
Death woulds have effects.
Death writes a story.
Death's a fact.
Deaths are a part of any civil war.
Deaths are also most definitely occurring in other breeds .
Deaths are attributable to a variety of causes including medical conditions, accidents and homicide.
Deaths are available in the framing size only.
Deaths are exceedingly rare but have been reported.
Deaths are externally visible and highly publicized.
Deaths are frequent enough but from other causes.
Deaths are from all causes.
Deaths are immensely difficult foes to overcome.
Deaths are incredibly infrequent on guided rafting tours.
Deaths are much easier to handle which is so, very sad.
Deaths are now occurring at a rate of two per day, activists say.
Deaths are rare .
Deaths are rare and the duration of the illness usually lasts only one or two days.
Deaths are rare but they usually are caused by kidney failure within the first two days.
Deaths are rare in the United States.
Deaths are rare with appropriate anti-microbial therapy.
Deaths are rare with appropriate antimicrobial therapy.
Deaths are rare, but have been recorded.
Deaths are rare.
Deaths are typically from tumors and heart disease.
Deaths are uncommon except in the very young, very old or individuals already weakened by illness.
Deaths are uncommon, but they do occur.
Deaths are uncommon, except among the young.
Deaths are uncommon.
Deaths are up slightly.
Deaths are very rare.
Deaths can also occur due to dehydration, when water sources freeze and become unavailable.
Deaths can occur among the hospitalized cases.
Deaths caused by disease are included as illness.
Deaths caused by infectious diseases are down.
Deaths come in threes.
Deaths continue to occur from varicella, a disease that is now vaccine-preventable.
Deaths do occur from asthma.
Deaths exceed births.
Deaths give the name of the decedent, death date, and a relative or two is mentioned.
Deaths happen in threes.
Deaths head cockroaches and our pet tarantula help the audience to pick out the differences.
Deaths head earthly, neutral symbol, reminder of death and resurrection.
Deaths involving pedestrians represent the second largest category of motor vehicle deaths.
Deaths is determined by multiplying Population by the death.fraction.
Deaths is guided by mutual self-help principles.
Death's just as much as a pathetic yawn as the rest of it was.
Death's just up around the bend.
Deaths make the point because they are dramatic.
Deaths make things happen.
Deaths normally occur in a few days.
Deaths occur as a result of hemorrhage and severe infection.
Deaths occur due to the paint . . .
Deaths occur for days afterward, due to injuries and shock.
Deaths occur in the maternity ward, too.
Deaths occur more frequently in adults.
Deaths occur more often among female sufferers.
Deaths occur primarily from capsized boats and falls-overboard.
Deaths pose a cost, for which both the perpetrators and their accessories share responsibility.
Deaths related to skiing are rare, but well publicized.
Deaths related to strokes occur more often in extreme weather conditions.
Deaths resulting from failed emergency escapes are particularly avoidable.
Deaths seem to have resulted from old age, wounds, or accidents.
Deaths show little change from the previous year for all three time periods shown below.
Deaths tied directly to ecstasy are rare.
Deaths typically occur as a result of accidents and disease, with relatively few from old age.
Deaths typically occur when a car hits a child on a scooter.
Death always arrives by that very moment too late.
Death always brings change, even when it's early in a child's life.
Death always comes as a shock.
Death always comes suddenly.
Death always gets the final word, no matter how it is dressed up or disguised.
Death always makes news, particularly when it is violent.
Death always makes possible calculation of equivalence and regulation by indifference.
Death always occurs once a rabies-infected animal shows signs of disease.
Death always releases the individual into the group.
Death always requires the surviving family to cope with the many emotions and decisions.
Death always seems even more heartbreaking when it comes to young people who are shiny and new.
Death always seems to make it more complicated.
Death always waits.
Death always wins in the end.
Death frequently occurs during adolescence.
Death frequently occurs through heart failure.
Death frequently occurs.
Death often awakens emotions of past losses or separations.
Death often bears a title.
Death often comes from multiple infections, exhaustion, and blood poisoning.
Death often comes from suffocation.
Death often comes in the form of pneumonia know as aspiration pneumonia.
Death often comes into play when the bite is by an unknown animal.
Death often comes within five years of diagnosis.
Death often follows a medical decision to withdraw treatment.
Death often follows.
Death often invites questions of a spiritual nature to children as well as adults.
Death often is caused when blood flow is cut off to vital organs.
Death often is perceived as a bleak annihilation.
Death often occurs because the birds see bait dangling from fishing lines and lurch for it.
Death often occurs due to respiratory arrest.
Death often occurs from respiratory failure .
Death often occurs from uraemia, meningitis, pleurisy, pericarditis or peritonitis.
Death often occurs in one to five days.
Death often occurs in the fourth instar, however a few individuals survive to adulthood.
Death often occurs in three to four weeks.
Death often occurs within two years.
Death often occurs.
Death often reminds people of past losses or separations.
Death often results from a complex of insects, disease and stress rather than a single factor.
Death often results from massive pulmonary hemorrhage.
Death often results from other diseases - for example, heart disease, cancer, stroke or pneumonia.
Death often results from pneumonia and from complications of immobility.
Death often results from pneumonia when the end-stage patient is bedridden.
Death often results unless there is prompt treatment.
Death often seems unfair.
Death sometimes creeps in on silent feet and in the darkness.
Death sometimes does interesting things in our society.
Death sometimes follows.
Death sometimes read minds.
Death usually comes in two to five years.
Death usually comes simply as cessation of life.
Death usually comes ten to fifteen years after the initial diagnosis.
Death usually follows a comatose period of variable duration.
Death usually follows a period of coma and occasionally convulsions.
Death usually follows two or three days later.
Death usually follows within five days.
Death usually is caused by a fatal internal hemorrhage originating in a portion of the liver.
Death usually is caused by respiratory failure.
Death usually is due to complications of infection or hemorrhage that follow pancytopenia.
Death usually is the result of malnutrition or other infections.
Death usually is the result of respiratory depression.
Death usually means looking through manny years of record.
Death usually occurs a few days after the onset of signs of disease.
Death usually occurs about four months after symptoms first appear.
Death usually occurs as a result of exposure to extreme cold temperatures.
Death usually occurs as a result of respiratory arrest during painful generalized convulsions.
Death usually occurs as a result of shock due to fluid loss rather than blood loss.
Death usually occurs between one and ten years after onset of symptoms.
Death usually occurs by asphyxiation.
Death usually occurs by five to eight years of life due to pneumonia or other infections.
Death usually occurs by three or four years.
Death usually occurs by two to three years of age, due to infections such as pneumonia.
Death usually occurs due to respiratory failure.
Death usually occurs dur- ing the first year.
Death usually occurs during sleep.
Death usually occurs during the first year of life.
Death usually occurs during the second week.
Death usually occurs eventually from exhaustion in a few days or months.
Death usually occurs fifteen to twenty years after onset of the disease.
Death usually occurs from a dramatic collapse in blood pressure.
Death usually occurs from an infection or stroke.
Death usually occurs from coma of diabetes.
Death usually occurs from exhaustion or anoxia during a tetatanic seizure.
Death usually occurs from pneumonia or other illness.
Death usually occurs from respiratory muscle depression and excessive secretions or bronchospasm.
Death usually occurs from severely damaged heart valves or central nervous system involvement.
Death usually occurs from some other disease.
Death usually occurs in adolescence.
Death usually occurs in childhood or during the teenage years.
Death usually occurs in early to mid-childhood.
Death usually occurs in four to six months after infection.
Death usually occurs in infancy or early childhood.
Death usually occurs in the first decade as a result of cardiorespiratory failure.
Death usually occurs in the first few years of life.
Death usually occurs in the late teens.
Death usually occurs on the fourth or fifth day.
Death usually occurs secondary to renal failure versus central nervous system defects.
Death usually occurs shortly after diagnosis.
Death usually occurs soon after the animal becomes comatose.
Death usually occurs three to seven days after symptoms appear.
Death usually occurs when treatment is delayed.
Death usually occurs within a day after clinical signs appear.
Death usually occurs within a decade of the first symptoms.
Death usually occurs within a few hours after the animals go down.
Death usually occurs within a few months of central nervous system involvement.
Death usually occurs within a few years.
Death usually occurs within a year after the onset of symptoms.
Death usually occurs within an hour.
Death usually occurs within days of the onset of symptoms.
Death usually occurs within four hours of digesting high nitrate forage.
Death usually occurs within four minutes.
Death usually occurs within four months.
Death usually occurs within hours or days.
Death usually occurs within minutes after injection.
Death usually occurs within months or years after the diagnosis.
Death usually occurs within one quarter of an hour.
Death usually occurs within one week.
Death usually occurs within one year after symptoms appear.
Death usually occurs within one year after the symptoms first appear.
Death usually occurs within six to eighteen minutes.
Death usually occurs within two days after the illness starts.
Death usually occurs within two days.
Death usually occurs within two to five years.
Death usually occurs.
Death usually results due to respiratory impairment.
Death usually results from a combination of respiratory failure and corpulmonale.
Death usually results from asphyxiation.
Death usually results from cardiac failure or cerebral decompression.
Death usually results from cardiovascular collapse or convulsions.
Death usually results from dehydration caused by severe diarrhea.
Death usually results from either respiratory paralysis or cardiac failure.
Death usually results from infection or anemia.
Death usually results from interference with the mechanics of respiration.
Death usually results from intracerebral hemorrhage.
Death usually results from lung infections.
Death usually results from marasmus.
Death usually results from metastases to the lungs.
Death usually results from renal failure.
Death usually results from respiratory failure or heart failure.
Death usually results from respiratory failure, hypertension, hypotension or cardiac arrhythmia.
Death usually results from respiratory failure.
Death usually results from respiratory paralysis, dysrhythmia, or cardiac failure.
Death usually results from respiratory paralysis.
Death usually results from rupture of abscess into ventricle or subarachnoid space.
Death usually results from severe bleeding, obstructed labor, infection, and other causes.
Death usually results in a few minutes from respiratory failure caused by paralysis.
Death usually results within several months.
Death usually results, within hours, from suffocation or heart failure.
Death usually seals personal choices made long before the hour of death.
Death usually takes days to weeks.
Death usually terminates alimony.
Deaths usually occur due to ignorance of the methods of treatment.
Deaths usually occur when a person is thrown from the seat and is crushed by the tractor.
All death hounds wear heavy iron collars around their necks.
All death is an occassion to reaffirm the faith that overcomes.
All death is but the way to birth and peace is men's desire.
All death is tragic.
All deaths are painful because they mark the termination of mortal existence.
All deaths are sad to the living.
All deaths are tragedies.
Any death brings grief but a death from hate brings terror.
Any death caused by alcohol poisoning is a tragedy.
Any death has the power to atone if it is bound up with repentance.
Any death is painful.
Every death has a resurrection.
Every death is a blemish on creation.
Every death is a tragedy to the average family.
Every death is a tragedy.
Every death is always a disappearance.
Every death is caused by evil spirits or spells .
Every death is caused by evil spirits or spells.
Every death is heartbreaking, every family's suffering is hard.
Every death is preventable.
Every death is promised with new life.
Every death is quick and heroic.
Every death is regrettable, of course, but Kosovo was no inferno.
Every death is sad, but entirely avoidable death is a tragedy.
Every death leaves a scar, and every time a child laughs it starts healing.
Every death needs meaning.
Every death presents a challenge.
Every death takes away an additional portion of the diminished gene pool.
Many deaths are avoidable through the use of currently available, affordable technology.
Many deaths are due to complications of pregnancy and childbirth.
Many deaths are due to entanglements or collisions with ships.
Many deaths are due to predators and parasites .
Many deaths are of children and adolescents.
Many deaths are possible from debris.
Many deaths are wasteful.
Many deaths associated with heart disease are preventable.
Many deaths occur around the world each year due to human contact with a third rail .
Many deaths occur around the world each year due to human contact with a third rail.
Many deaths related to winter storms occur after the storm is over.
Many deaths result when people reenter a burning structure to save possessions or pets.
Many deaths take place at very early ages, because of infectious diseases.
More deaths are sure to follow.
More deaths come from flooding.
More deaths follow on the twenty-eighth.
More deaths make the massive taxpayer funds spent on the drug war seem necessary.
More deaths occur from motorcycle accidents due to head injuries than any other cause.
More deaths occur from side rollovers than rear rollovers.
More deaths occur in winter.
More deaths occur.
More deaths result from asphyxiation following a stroke than any other complication.
Most death affects families.
Most death affects people.
Most death becomes grim reality.
Most death becomes reality.
Most death brings attention.
Most death brings death.
Most death brings feelings.
Most death brings painful feelings.
Most death brings problems.
Most death caused by influenza are in elderly people.
Most death causes effects.
Most death changes life.
Most death has devastate impact.
Most death has effects.
Most death has great psychological impact.
Most death has impact.
Most death has necessity.
Most death has possibility.
Most death has psychological impact.
Most death includes hunger.
Most death influences life.
Most death involves blood.
Most death involves decomposition.
Most death involves destruction.
Most death involves examinations.
Most death involves separation.
Most death is caused by actions.
Most death is caused by diseases.
Most death is caused by factors.
Most death is caused by men.
Most death is caused by problems.
Most death is caused by relate problems.
Most death is caused by risk factors.
Most death is caused by rot diseases.
Most death leads to concern.
Most death limits results.
Most death makes effects.
Most death occurs in communities.
Most death occurs in families.
Most death occurs in life.
Most death occurs in patients.
Most death occurs in places.
Most death occurs in years.
Most death provides answers.
Most death raises concern.
Most death raises suspicion.
Most death reduces alcohol consumption.
Most death reduces consumption.
Most death relates to health.
Most death relates to medicine.
Most death relates to mental health.
Most death relates to western medicine.
Most death results from cellular damage.
Most death results from damage.
Most death shows symptoms.
Most death takes places.
Most deaths appear to come from secondary pneumonia.
Most deaths appear to have been from secondary pneumonia.
Most deaths appear to have been from the explosion rather than the radiation.
Most deaths are due to local recurrence or disseminated disease.
Most deaths are due to predators or parasites .
Most deaths are due to uncontrollable hypercalcaemia resistant to bisphosphonates.
Most deaths are in calves as a result of myocarditis.
Most deaths are in children under the age of five.
Most deaths are preventable.
Most deaths associated with volcanoes are due to contact with lava.
Most deaths caused by a tsunami are because of drowning.
Most deaths caused by flu are in elderly people.
Most deaths caused by flu occur in the elderly population.
Most deaths caused by influenza are in elderly people.
Most deaths caused by Tsunamis are because of Drowning.
Most deaths come from customers and acquaintances who find their victims at the workplace.
Most deaths directly caused by the flu are in very young or very old people.
Most deaths however are from smoke or poisonous gas inhalation and panic.
Most deaths involve thrill seekers who speed, and otherwise ignore rules.
Most deaths now occur in the later years of life.
Most deaths occur among unvaccinated children or children too young to be vaccinated.
Most deaths occur as a result of arrhythmias or heart failure.
Most deaths occur as a result of cold.
Most deaths occur at the time of injury or within the first two hours of hospitalization.
Most deaths occur during breeding, when both adults and young are vulnerable.
Most deaths occur during migration in inclement weather.
Most deaths occur during sleep, with more boys affected than girls.
Most deaths occur during the fall, winter and early spring months .
Most deaths occur from hemorrhage from the great vessels of the neck.
Most deaths occur from predictable complications of chronic illnesses.
Most deaths occur from smoke inhalation rather than burns.
Most deaths occur in cars and mobile homes.
Most deaths occur in motorcycle racing.
Most deaths occur in the first year of life.
Most deaths occur in the home, after bedtime.
Most deaths occur in the later stages of the developmental stage or early convalescent stage.
Most deaths occur on few eruptions.
Most deaths occur outside of the bus and most injuries happen inside the bus.
Most deaths occur outside the hospital due to arrhythmias causing ventricular fibrillation.
Most deaths occur suddenly.
Most deaths occur vary acutely and young appear in good condition.
Most deaths occur when motorists try to drive through flooded low water crossing.
Most deaths occur when the diagnosis is either delayed or never made.
Most deaths occur within two to three days after symptoms appear.
Most deaths related to bicycle falls and collisions involve head injuries.
Most deaths remain in the very places people feel safest their homes.
Most deaths result directly from the conscious efforts by the persons who die.
Most deaths result from trauma or respiratory complications.
Some death affects trees.
Some death associates with dehydration.
Some death associates with pollution.
Some death benefits other ocean inhabitants.
Some death brings life.
Some death brings pain.
Some death causes ghosts.
Some death causes life.
Some death causes own life.
Some death causes power.
Some death causes sales.
Some death causes sensation.
Some death causes war.
Some death contributes to reproduction.
Some death creates gaps.
Some death creates opportunity.
Some death depends on conditions.
Some death depends on size.
Some death depends on temperature conditions.
Some death depends upon factors.
Some death depends upon many factors.
Some death follows ingestion.
Some death follows procedures.
Some death happens in life.
Some death happens in real life.
Some death has absolute power.
Some death has capability.
Some death has doors.
Some death has power.
Some death has resonance and regret stamped all over it.
Some death has status.
Some death influences thoughts.
Some death involves alligators.
Some death involves animals.
Some death involves cars.
Some death involves cattle.
Some death involves children.
Some death involves electric cars.
Some death involves fragmentation.
Some death involves horses.
Some death is caused by accidents.
Some death is caused by bees.
Some death is caused by blows.
Some death is caused by body temperature.
Some death is caused by cancer.
Some death is caused by consumption.
Some death is caused by crocodiles.
Some death is caused by drones.
Some death is caused by drug use.
Some death is caused by earthquakes.
Some death is caused by elephants.
Some death is caused by events.
Some death is caused by excessive water.
Some death is caused by exposure.
Some death is caused by fire.
Some death is caused by giardiasises.
Some death is caused by human interaction.
Some death is caused by hurricanes.
Some death is caused by interaction.
Some death is caused by lack.
Some death is caused by large earthquakes.
Some death is caused by lead poison.
Some death is caused by lung cancer.
Some death is caused by machines.
Some death is caused by monitors.
Some death is caused by mow machines.
Some death is caused by paralysis.
Some death is caused by poison.
Some death is caused by results.
Some death is caused by snakebites.
Some death is caused by strikes.
Some death is caused by suicide.
Some death is caused by temperature.
Some death is caused by tornado.
Some death is caused by turbines.
Some death is caused by use.
Some death is caused by violence.
Some death is caused by water.
Some death is caused by wind turbines.
Some death leads horsemen.
Some death leads to destruction.
Some death leads to inquiries.
Some death leads to investigations.
Some death makes headlines.
Some death occurs at homes.
Some death occurs during crime.
Some death occurs during seasons.
Some death occurs during years.
Some death occurs in ages.
Some death occurs in animals.
Some death occurs in apes.
Some death occurs in birds.
Some death occurs in chickens.
Some death occurs in children.
Some death occurs in cities.
Some death occurs in contexts.
Some death occurs in countries.
Some death occurs in culture.
Some death occurs in develop countries.
Some death occurs in facilities.
Some death occurs in fields.
Some death occurs in homes.
Some death occurs in hospital facilities.
Some death occurs in mice.
Some death occurs in monkeys.
Some death occurs in months.
Some death occurs in nerves.
Some death occurs in nightmares.
Some death occurs in nurse homes.
Some death occurs in old ages.
Some death occurs in rabbits.
Some death occurs in rats.
Some death occurs in rooms.
Some death occurs in stages.
Some death occurs in term care facilities.
Some death occurs in travelers.
Some death occurs in trees.
Some death occurs in turkeys.
Some death occurs in weeks.
Some death occurs in young children.
Some death occurs on nights.
Some death occurs on roadways.
Some death occurs within few months.
Some death occurs within months.
Some death occurs within past few months.
Some death occurs within past months.
Some death occurs within vicinities.
Some death offers excellent opportunity.
Some death offers opportunity.
Some death plays roles.
Some death presents golden opportunity.
Some death presents problems.
Some death raises awareness.
Some death raises issues.
Some death records from Poland and Vienna.
Some death refers to events.
Some death relates to injuries.
Some death relates to maternal injuries.
Some death relates to operations.
Some death relates to snow.
Some death requires criminal investigations.
Some death requires investigations.
Some death results from abnormalities.
Some death results from chicago heat waves.
Some death results from conflict.
Some death results from crime.
Some death results from defects.
Some death results from elephant conflict.
Some death results from exposure.
Some death results from insect sting.
Some death results from penalties.
Some death results from radiation exposure.
Some death results from starvation.
Some death results from sting.
Some death results from storage.
Some death results from tsunamis.
Some death results from variation.
Some death results from waves.
Some death results in onsets.
Some death results in removals.
Some death reveals details.
Some death serves purposes.
Some death shows danger.
Some death triggers predictable reaction.
Some deaths are a form of great giving.
Some deaths are due to malignancy, which is associated with dermatomyositis.
Some deaths are harder to take than others.
Some deaths are unrelated to the profession.
Some deaths have to occur here, and they do.
Some deaths occur, but most animals recover gradually.
Some deaths seem to be agonizingly drawn out affairs.
Some Deaths Suicides Some deaths are in fact suicides.
Some Deaths Take Forever.
Deathmatch animation works pretty smoothly as well.
Deathmatch mode is also good, although only one map is made available with the game.
Deathmatch mode is excellent, especially with the stunts, which take some getting used to.
Deathmatch skills are the foundation upon which all else is laid.
A deathwatch beetle is a beetle
Deathwatch beetles run up and down the rafters in an English cottage bedroom.
A deb is a woman
Deb answers the phone and does the bookkeeping now.
Deb calls for the Rising.
Deb coordinates the dietetic internship program on campus.
Deb drinks too much.
Deb lives in Nebraska too far away to use public transportation.
Deb loves life.
Deb loves to read, learn, preach, teach and grow in relationships with people of all ages.
Deb takes care of business during the long flight over.
Deb works in the district attorney's office.
Deb works with different artists to create different types of batik using different methods.
Debatable topics exist because there is no one right answer.
Most debate moderators pose pointed questions.
Debate team finishes strong season.
Debate teams are teams.
Debate teams can be at the same site or at separate sites, while following regular debate rules.
Debate teams practice debating skills with other teams without leaving their campuses.
A debate is discussion
Debate abounds as to the location of carbon sinks.
Debate abounds as to which is the better or more or less proprietary technology.
Debate abounds both on relationships among the suborders and within the suborders.
Debate affirms a participant's own point of view.
Debate affirms a participant's point of view.
Debate aims to spread across South Africa, perhaps into the region as well.
Debate also continues over the origins of calypso music.
Debate also persists about which products to define as essential and by whom.
Debate also teaches self-respect.
Debate assumes that there is a right answer and that someone has it.
Debate begins when the bill reaches the floor of the chamber.
Debate begins when the chair of the session calls a number of speakers to debate each resolution.
Debate brings an interdisciplinary flavor to the unit.
Debate brings compromise.
Debate builds a competitive relationship between people.
Debate calls for investing wholeheartedly in one's beliefs .
Debate calls for investing wholeheartedly in one's beliefs.
Debate can be a very sexist and exclusionary activity.
Debate can be intense.
Debate can degenerate into a verbal brawl.
Debate causes critique of the other position.
Debate causes pain.
Debate changes no one's position.
Debate consists of making successfully called votes fail.
Debate continues .
Debate continues about how best to deal with global impacts like carbon dioxide emissions.
Debate continues about it, however, and is likely to continue in the future.
Debate continues about the interpretation and effect on medical care of the regulations.
Debate continues about the interpretation, applicability and enforceability of the regulations.
Debate continues about validity of fosssil evidence in Martian rock.
Debate continues about what to do with the moving dunes.
Debate continues about whether more or stronger requirements are needed.
Debate continues about which applications are most suited to being outsourced.
Debate continues about who actually wrote, copied, and stored the scrolls.
Debate continues in congress on the amendments to be added to the new National Water Plan.
Debate continues in society and in political circles concerning the level of government spending.
Debate continues in the area of pesticide use, regulation and testing.
Debate continues on the potential 'penalties' for inaccurate forecasts of orders.
Debate continues on the state of the environment and the pros and cons of government regulation.
Debate continues over pipelines.
Debate continues over the best way to assess the outcomes of joint replacement surgery.
Debate continues over the commercial potential of the Internet.
Debate continues over the extent to which human activities have contributed to that warming.
Debate continues over the most important factor in the fall of Rome.
Debate continues over the resolution until it is ready to be finally voted upon.
Debate continues over the role of dietary modification in coronary prevention by lipid lowering.
Debate continues over the use of the envelope.
Debate continues over the validity of using standardized tests to measure oral proficiency.
Debate continues over whether such growth is a sign of progress or cause for concern.
Debate continues over which factors are most to blame.
Debate continues regarding the appropriateness of colloid versus crystalloid fluids.
Debate continues regarding the best age at which to test a child.
Debate continues through next week.
Debate continues to be offered at some schools today.
Debate continues to rage around the earliest dates of most cultures.
Debate continues to rage over whether dogs are dangerous by individual temperament or by breed.
Debate continues to surround compilations, plain paper and the recent changes in Florida.
Debate continues tomorrow.
Debate continues, however, regarding the actual mechanism for the evolution of the vertebrate head.
Debate contributes to having a passion for life and following that passion.
Debate creates a closed-minded attitude, a determination to be right.
Debate creates a close-minded attitude, a determination to be right.
Debate defends assumptions as truth .
Debate defends assumptions as truth.
Debate defends one's own positions as the best solution and excludes other solutions.
Debate degenerates into word contests.
Debate develops computer competencies.
Debate develops courage.
Debate develops critical listening skills.
Debate develops multicultural sensitivities.
Debate develops proficiency in critical thinking.
Debate develops proficiency in purposeful inquiry.
Debate develops proficiency in writing.
Debate develops social maturity.
Debate develops the ability to make prompt, analytical responses.
Debate emphasizes quality instruction.
Debate encourages effective speech composition and delivery.
Debate encourages mature judgment.
Debate encourages student scholarship.
Debate exists as to the nature of antidepressant-induced antinociception.
Debate exists over whether the disease carries long-term symptoms, such as muscle aches and fatigue.
Debate exists regarding the benefits of same sex or coed sports participation.
Debate exists to enhance educational objectives and empower students to explore scholarship.
Debate favors eristic over dialectic.
Debate focuses on the merits and shortcomings of proposed laws.
Debate follows no such rules.
Debate goes on over home of biological weapons convention.
Debate goes on over new sports program.
Debate heightens over compressed gas.
Debate helps students become effective problem-solving members of our society.
Debate helps with schoolwork, too.
Debate implies a conclusion.
Debate implies too neat and civil an argument, with statements and rebuttals.
Debate intensifies over nonradiologists' roles.
Debate is a good sign.
Debate is a good thing, it stimulates the brain and generates ideas.
Debate is a good thing.
Debate is a great catalyst for improvement.
Debate is a great opportunity.
Debate is a healthy phenomenon that enriches the process of scholarship.
Debate is a healthy thing - Let a thousand flowers bloom.
Debate is a key aspect to becoming a lawyer.
Debate is a series of six posters developing a discussion around politics and graphic design.
Debate is a sign of life.
Debate is a wonderful way to teach subjects like literature and history.
Debate is a zero-sum game.
Debate is about change.
Debate is about extremists' freedom of speech.
Debate is all too easily a substitute for action.
Debate is already under way in Washington, D.C., about ways to save or reform the system.
Debate is always encouraged.
Debate is always part of the process.
Debate is an after-school activity that meets from three to four times a week.
Debate is an empowerment tool.
Debate is an essential activity in democratic societies.
Debate is an essential element of existence.
Debate is an event in which two two-person teams square off to offer arguments on a specific policy.
Debate is an important part of educating the public.
Debate is an integrator of knowledge.
Debate is an oral activity.
Debate is appropriate and welcomed.
Debate is begun on a controversial one-house physician profiling bill.
Debate is both an academic and social activity.
Debate is bound to go back and forth.
Debate is central to democracy.
Debate is chilled.
Debate is clearly an integral part of the legislative process.
Debate is closed.
Debate is completely welcome, but please refrain from making personal attacks.
Debate is conducted between the right and the extreme right.
Debate is crucial to that process, but so is a balanced accounting of the facts.
Debate is democracy.
Debate is dependent on a great deal of causal analysis.
Debate is encouraged, even argument, but do try to limit pissing contests to two gallons per man.
Debate is encouraged.
Debate is essential to our democracy.
Debate is facilitated by the provision of papers in advance.
Debate is fine.
Debate is for the participants - make the most of it.
Debate is good for the national soul.
Debate is good for the system.
Debate is good, goose-stepping conformity is bad.
Debate is good.
Debate is great preparation for grad school and many careers.
Debate is healthy.
Debate is highly competitive and requires a lot of work.
Debate is hot on the subject.
Debate is in public, and the votes are in public.
Debate is intense and exciting, and no experience is necessary.
Debate is intense, ideas are plentiful, and direct data are scarce.
Debate is invited.
Debate is limited to one speaker for and one speaker against.
Debate is made difficult even for people with impeccable Aboriginal credentials.
Debate is most intense and fiercest of contest to date.
Debate is now underway about a second wave of enlargement.
Debate is offered as demand warrants.
Debate is one of fourteen different types of speech team competition.
Debate is one of sixteen different types of speech team competition.
Debate is one of the best means for people to learn about the candidates.
Debate is ongoing but the best evidence to date looks promising.
Debate is our primary communication tool.
Debate is particularly active in Kentucky.
Debate is perhaps the most challenging form of oral communication.
Debate is pointless.
Debate is set to begin today.
Debate is stifled.
Debate is still open.
Debate is supposed to be focused clash over opposing views relating to the topic.
Debate is taught and then used as a commonplace technique in the classroom.
Debate is the life blood of art.
Debate is the responsibility of elected officials.
Debate is the standard way to come to an answer, and any answer is based on a standard.
Debate is the typical process for exchanging information.
Debate is timely and lively.
Debate is to learn.
Debate is too shallow and superficial.
Debate is two sides opposing each other and attempting to prove each other wrong.
Debate is welcome.
Debate is well defined and is seen as rigorous.
Debate is where great ideas are tempered, broken and rebuilt.
Debate isa auditory communication.
Debate joins decaf on menu at caf evenings.
Debate leads nowhere, and creates massive frustration.
Debate lingers on their cost- effectiveness.
Debate makes for a good evening.
Debate means delay and forfeiture of our goals and purpose.
Debate now centers on whether job losses exist or are merely very small.
Debate occurs on a broader basis.
Debate occurs with the use and timing of a vitrectomy and the use of intravitreal antibiotics.
Debate offers an excellent opportunity to hone speaking, organizational, and logic skills.
Debate offers opportunities for students to gain experience in speech and argumentation.
Debate offers preparation for leadership.
Debate offers training in argumentation.
Debate proceeds according to the rules of the house and the requirements of parliamentary debate.
Debate proceeds and there is another lecture at week's end.
Debate promotes collaborative efforts and negotiation skills.
Debate provides a stimulating intellectual environment.
Debate provides for investigation and intensive analysis of significant contemporary problems.
Debate provides for the development of necessary social graces.
Debate provides preparation for effective participation in democratic society.
Debate provides training in analysis.
Debate provides training in public speaking.
Debate rages on and on about whether the men's or women's game is more exciting.
Debate rages on as to why.
Debate rages on, however, as to whether the warming is man-made or natural.
Debate rages over birds' relation to dinosaurs.
Debate rages over school screening.
Debate Rages over.
Debate really is fun.
Debate requires logic, facts and rational argument.
Debate rounds serve as a wonderful public relations vehicle for forensics.
Debate shows dedication, definitely strong speaking skills, and an unparalleled thinking ability.
Debate starts today.
Debate still continues over which was actually first.
Debate still exists as to what is actually being observed.
Debate still rages as to whether it was an accident, suicide or murder.
Debate still rages over the notion of accuracy.
Debate surrounding the role of pleasure remains stuck at the metaphysical level.
Debate takes place after the government has responded, unless the committee wishes otherwise.
Debate takes to the street and the Internet.
Debate teaches skills such as communication, research and organization.
Debate then ensues with the participation of many Members.
Debate utilizes students' skills to their utmost.
Debate Visit the homepage for Washington's debate team, which has won state and national honors.
Debates abound on what is the proper period or time frame between password changes.
Debates abound regarding the best ways to develop leadership competence.
Debates also give students experience with verbal presentations.
Debates also occur with homosexuality.
Debates are a critical part of the election process.
Debates are about image.
Debates are acceptable.
Debates are an effective way to inform and involve voters in the political process.
Debates are an excellent tool for exploring both sides of an issue.
Debates are civil.
Debates are crucial to the functioning of a democracy.
Debates are fine for high school forensics teams.
Debates are good.
Debates are in Hindi.
Debates are just around the corner, and meanwhile there's the debate over the format of the debates.
Debates are key as well.
Debates are likely to occur as well as new friendships and associations.
Debates are likely to occur as well as new friendships, common projects and associations.
Debates are little more than parlor games.
Debates are lively and both original ideas and the constant probing of old ideas are encouraged.
Debates are located in universities.
Debates are longer, shriller, more political, less productive.
Debates are more important than baseball.
Debates are most effective when they are broadcast at times likely to attract a wide audience.
Debates are nothing new in the security arena.
Debates are now standard fare in presidential campaigns.
Debates are oddly influential rituals .
Debates are opportunities that Members use to express concern or agreement with government policy.
Debates are perhaps the most influential source of information for voters during a campaign.
Debates are positive and productive, with very little posturing or power displays.
Debates are the best way to clarify the differences between candidates on the issues.
Debates are the record of the actual discussion on the floors of both houses.
Debates are the record of what is said in each house.
Debates are to be distinguished from hearings, which take place before a committee.
Debates are usually between two or more people who have different points of view.
Debates are very common in today's life because there are many things to make decission about.
Debates are well and good.
Debates best fulfill their purpose when conducted in a series employing different formats.
Debates can be a measure of leadership and vision.
Debates can become a bit rowdy, so set the ground rules early.
Debates can become highly technical and arcane.
Debates can go on endlessly.
Debates can help strip away facades, provided debaters control themselves.
Debates can only ever end in frustration where two entirely different things are being discussed.
Debates conducted in the forum take place sequentially in the classroom, school, and public sphere.
Debates continue about the benefits of coed vs. single-sex schools.
Debates continue in the standing committee, and a number of amendments have been tabled.
Debates continue on the commercialization and patenting of research results.
Debates continue over the manner in which all-stars are selected.
Debates draw only the most faithful party politicos.
Debates end in stalemates because one person puts more value on one right than another person does.
Debates erupt as to why the schools had quickly dismissed the children.
Debates exist, however, as to whether it can be actually done.
Debates feature an attempt to persuade an opponent to one' s own point of view.
Debates focus on issues.
Debates focus on scientific issues.
Debates give candidates a chance to respond to their opponents face to face.
Debates have the potential to influence voters and shift campaign momentum.
Debates have to be held and votes taken.
Debates involve students participating in a formal contest of skill in reasoned argument.
Debates learn the value of suspending judgment until both sides are looked at.
Debates offer that opportunity better than any appearance on a network talk show.
Debates operate within the constraints of the dominant public discourse.
Debates ought to inform.
Debates predictably generate a lot of heat and very little light.
Debates produce great wit.
Debates rapidly turn into attacks on the person behind the debate.
Debates regarding the causes, course, and interpretations of the movement continue.
Debates reinforce existing candidate preferences for most voters.
Debates Related to role plays, but more formal, are online debates.
Debates still loom over bringing in river boat gambling and building a large hotel on the lakefront.
Debates still rage about the laborers who built the pyramids.
Debates still remain, however, as to the gradient's effectiveness in producing organic compounds.
Debates tend to take on the flavor of the place where they're held.
Debates typically last an hour, and tournaments take two days.
Debate always seems to end in argument and division.
Debate often begins with a supposition that is no more than a lie.
Debate often stems from having different ideas about what's being decided.
Debates sometimes can emphasize image over substance.
Debate usually begins with likening the Internet to something else.
All debate is confined to the pending bill.
All debates are free to students and the public.
All debates unfold online with a pre-set format agreed upon by participants.
Any debate involving democracy arouses strong arguments.
Any debates are welcome.
Every debate has two sides, affirmative and negative.
Every debate needs to refer to first principles.
Every debate presumes a shared background of unquestioned premises.
Many debates are about altering germline cells.
Many debates arise when the fairness and appropriateness of tests is questioned.
Many debates have a symbol, something that proponents can rally around.
Many debates turn on something like that, despite candidates' preparation.
More debate lies ahead.
Most debates focus on issues.
Most debates focus on scientific issues.
Much debate considers which heat transfer model best describes tissue blood flow.
Much debate continues regarding the utility of fluconazole prophylaxis for fungal infections.
Much debate goes on between young and skeptical snowboarders and the authorities regarding leashes .
Much debate goes on today as to how and why the sudden disappearance of the Anasazi.
Much debate lies ahead in both our Hawaiian and non-Hawaiian communities.
Much debate lies ahead.
Much debate occurs as to what level of detail the commonly accepted subset ought capture.
Much debate revolves around the debt to Arabic models and melodies.
Much debate surrounds the issues.
Some debate exists with regard to the emergence of the guitar in country music.
Some debate still continues about the naming of the parish.
Some debates are on prepared resolutions while others are impromptu.
Some debates invite a panel of outside speakers to address the audience and answer questions.
Some debates lead to miscommunication, others to 'new angles' on old circumstances.
Some debates never end.
A debater is a person
Debaters acquire lifetime skills.
Debaters are also free to employ un-evidenced arguments or common knowledge in making arguments.
Debaters are also part of a broader community.
Debaters are disputants.
Debaters compete across the state throughout the fall season.
Debaters conduct significant independent library research in constructing their arguments.
Debaters deliver their arguments at rapid-fire speeds to include as many points as possible.
Debaters deserve feedback from their judges.
Debaters develop skills in research, critical thinking, and oral advocacy.
Debaters drive in university vans or fly to their destinations all at the team's expense.
Debaters establish the criteria for evaluation of arguments.
Debaters learn of the topic approximately fifteen minutes prior to the debate.
Debaters periodically perform exhibition debates for college classrooms.
Debaters serve as teaching assistants in some departments.
Debaters talk fast.
Debaters travel the country to compete at top tournaments.
Debaters typically participate in a minimum of six or eight debates at each tournament.
Debaters use logic and common sense to build a convincing case.
Debaters frequently twist the truth and abuse their opponents.
Debaters often achieve higher grades in other subjects as well.
Many debaters carry speech minors or cognates.
Many debaters dress up to debate.
Most debaters flow on yellow legal pads.
Most debaters note down outline arguments or bullet points.
Most debaters substantially exceed that standard.
Most debaters tend to ignore the value of good cross-examination.
Some debaters also attract groups who give moral support.
Some debaters buy a ream of white legal size paper and just use that as it is more economical.
Some debaters use long, explanatory tags.
Debatings are competition.
Debatings are discussings.
Debco products inspire trust and respect, both from the professional nurseryman and the consumer.
Debe asegurarse que se dan todas las referencias.
Debe knows that there is a special bond between donor and marrow recipient.
Debe ser aprobado por un magistrado.
Debe ser prioridad sobre cualquier agenda electoral.
Debe ser puchased con la moneda de oro de la participaci n personal.
Debe ser pura lana, hasta huele a oveja.
Debe ser recogido por los media.
A debenture is an instrument
Debentures also have a coupon rate.
Debentures are a common form of long-term debt in the company world.
Debentures are bonds issued to institutions.
Debentures are debt backed only by the general credit of the issuer.
Debentures are just promises of the firm to repay principal plus interest.
Debentures are legal documents.
Debentures are marketable securities.
Debentures are the most common corporate bonds.
Debentures have specific assets of the issuing company pledged as collateral.
Debentures hold an important position in the overall capital structure of most companies.
Debian developers are organized in a web of trust .
Debian developers join the project for many reasons.
Debian distribution continues to grow bigger and bigger.
Debian folks are notorious sticklers.
Debian freezes tend to start early, but end late, in spite of large amounts of effort.
Debian installation begins with a set of floppies.
Debian packages are also available from the Debian website .
Debian packages are available at .
Debian packages are available at the Debian mirror in the unstable tree.
Debian packages are now in the debian-tree .
Debian packages contain control files in which dependency information is recorded.
Debian security update for lpr .
Debian sources are also available .
Debian users can fetch it with apt .
Debian users can find Debian packages for a lot of stuff under contributions in the file manager.
Debian users can head for several Debian mailing lists on the Debian website .
Debian users can utilize apt-get to download the latest version for their distribution.
Debian users know what it means.
Debilitated cells are unable to rebuild, regenerate and repair the damages that occur.
Debility is a frequent cause.
Debility is a health problem
Debility is considered to generally be lasting.
Debility is progressive with blindness , seizures , and partial paralysis .
A debit card is positive identification
Debit cards allow retailers to deduct the charges directly from a checking account.
Debit cards are a better solution for students who have trouble managing their debt.
Debit cards are a convenient, safe, and widely accepted alternative to cash and checks.
Debit cards are about as safe as carrying cash.
Debit cards are also popular with bank issuers and merchants.
Debit cards are an added convenience.
Debit cards are an electronic equivalent of a check.
Debit cards are available for purchase.
Debit cards are available in that form, or, indeed with no name embossed.
Debit cards are big money makers for banks.
Debit cards are cards.
Debit cards are convenient.
Debit cards are different from credit cards.
Debit cards are easier to get than credit cards.
Debit cards are legal tenders.
Debit cards are located in purses.
Debit cards are more like checks than credit cards.
Debit cards are more similar to paying with cash than either a check or a credit card.
Debit cards are most economical for consumers who tend to make short calls away from home.
Debit cards are much more risky than are conventional credit cards.
Debit cards are positive identification.
Debit cards are safer to carry than a lot of cash and are more convenient than checks.
Debit cards are safer to carry than cash and more convenient than checks.
Debit cards are used for identification.
Debit cards are welcome.
Debit cards can be a convenient next step for kids who are already good cash managers.
Debit cards can be a good way for kids to learn to manage a monthly allowance.
Debit cards draw money directly from an account, similar to writing checks.
Debit cards face similar restrictions as do credit cards.
Debit cards focus on the opposite.
Debit cards have no signature blank on the back.
Debit cards have several advantages.
Debit cards look just like credit cards and can be used in many places where a credit card is used.
Debit cards look like a credit card and are accepted by most merchants the same as a credit card.
Debit cards offer a convenient alternative to carrying a checkbook or cash.
Debit cards offer a convenient alternative to carrying cash, a checkbook, or cash.
Debit cards offer greater safety than cash while helping maintaining a budget.
Debit cards offer the consumer many conveniences.
Debit cards offer the holder more limited legal protections than credit cards.
Debit cards permit deductions directly from one's checking account as one makes purchases.
Debit cards provide a price discount.
Debit cards provide consumers with a convenient alternative method of making payments.
Some debit cards are subject to a daily transaction limit.
A debit is an entry
Debit increases an asset.
Debit increases an expense account.
Debit is ideal for leveraging the Internet for marketing retail banking.
Debit is on left-hand page, and includes sales, etc.
Debit occurs at the beginning of the month following that in which costs are incurred.
Debits are entries.
Debits increase assets and decrease liabilities and equity.
Debits increase assets, decrease liabilities and shareholders' equity.
Debits increase certain accounts but decrease others.
Debits inmates commissary account each time a purchase is made.
Debits show in red, credits in black.
Debits take place instantly.
Debits always go on the left.
Debonding constraints limiting the number of debonded strands can also be user-specified.
Debonding time is a function of surface area.
Debossed logos are possible.
Debris avalanches are common in forested steeplands.
Debris avalanches are fast cascades of rocks and soil.
Debris avalanches are unchannelized debris flows that move very rapidly.
Debris avalanches are very fast and the entire mass seems to liquefy as it slides down the slope.
Debris avalanches can also travel well past the foot of the slope due to their tremendous speed.
Debris avalanches occur all over the world.
Debris avalanches pose hazards that are often overlooked.
Debris dams help form pool areas that are essential to fish habitat.
Debris flow is a large and very important category.
Debris flow run out and sediment delivery model test .
Debris flows are coarser and less cohesive than mudflows .
Debris flows are numerous, as are jumbled masses of debris below the cliffs.
Debris flows are smaller and less rapid than rock avalanches but can be very destructive.
Debris flows can destroy vegetation and structures in their path, including bridges and buildings.
Debris flows occur most commonly in stream valleys and resemble a texture similar to fresh concrete.
Debris become flying missiles in typhoons.
Debris blown by tornado winds can pound buildings to pieces.
Debris burning is the major cause of wild fire in Western Oregon.
Debris causes irritation.
Debris causes moisture to build up which corrodes the metal and rots wood.
Debris causes skin irritation.
Debris comes in all shapes and sizes, and can be lethal as well as unsightly.
Debris comes in all the time.
Debris consists of components.
Debris decreases suddenly and become diffuse or spreads out horizontally.
Debris fills the air.
Debris flow defences in British Columbia.
Debris flow hazard assessment in British Columbia.
Debris flow locations and impacted streams.
Debris flow on right.
Debris flow on trail, Grand Canyon.
Debris flow run-out and landslide sediment delivery model tests.
Debris flow tracks on the southern flank of Mount Parnassus.
Debris flows amass in stream valleys and more or less resemble fresh concrete.
Debris flows can at times ooze along and at other times move as fast as the fastest river rapids.
Debris flows commonly begin as a slide of a shallow mass of soil and weathered rock.
Debris flows consist of highly concentrated, high density material.
Debris flows imply a fluidized mass is moving down slope.
Debris flows move more slowly.
Debris flows often form when part of the volcano collapses, breaking up and flowing downhill.
Debris flows or mudflows Commonly occur in volcanic areas, where they are called lahars .
Debris flows usually occur in steep gullies, move very rapidly, and can travel for many miles.
Debris gathers underneath as the mouse slides over surfaces.
Debris hits occur on almost every flight.
Debris includes waste.
Debris is located in bridges.
Debris is located in orbits.
Debris is rubbish
Debris isa garbage.
Debris isa rubbish.
Debris isa trash.
Debris left by hydraulic mining a century ago is still evident in many areas.
Debris litters the highway.
Debris litters the ill-repaired streets.
Debris litters the streets.
Debris litters the tunnel following the explosion.
Debris piles skyward and the angel wants to make whole what has been broken.
Debris provides habitats.
Debris provides moist habitats.
Debris rains down on the populace of the planet.
Debris rains down through the smoke and fire.
Debris Remains In The Dust .
Debris smashes windshield.
Debris streams in the solar neighborhood as relicts from the formation of the Milky Way.
Debris tends to gravitate out to the middle of the river.
Debris thrown into their vents can block the throat of a geyser and block the eruptions.
Debris travels through a long sedimentation column to settle on the bottom of the tank.
All debris is sucked into vacuum unit.
Any debris carried into the extractant is removed in cleanup steps.
Any debris contacting the patient has the potential for causing infection.
Any debris driven by tornado strength winds has the potential to cause serious injury.
More debris is picked up by the passing ice.
Most debris causes irritation.
Most debris causes skin irritation.
Most debris consists of components.
Most debris includes waste.
Most debris provides habitats.
Most debris provides moist habitats.
Some debris causes decay.
Some debris causes excessive runoff.
Some debris causes excessive surface runoff.
Some debris causes reaction.
Some debris causes runoff.
Some debris causes surface runoff.
Some debris causes tooth decay.
Some debris contaminates air.
Some debris enters atmospheres.
Some debris enters earth.
Some debris enters pipes.
Some debris falls away.
Some debris feeds insects.
Some debris finds in water.
Some debris is also present.
Some debris is scattered in the outlying regions, chunks of rock and ice, forming comets.
Some debris leaves trails.
Some debris mixes with mud.
Some debris offers resistance.
Some debris serves practical purposes.
Some debris serves purposes.
Some debris suspends in liquids.
Debt bondage is common among the trafficking victims .
Debt bondage is common among the trafficking victims.
Debt bondage is practiced in many parts of the world, particularly in South Asia.
Debt cancellation is a prerequisite to African development.
Debt cancellation is essential for water security in poor countries.
Debt cancellation is the essential demand of international solidarity and unity.
Debt cancellation is the first step.
Debt capital is tight, and vendor finance has been burned.
Debt collection agencies employ representatives.
Debt collection is a huge issue facing the industry.
Debt collection is a numbers game.
Debt collection is another area that remains steady in good times or bad.
Debt collection is suspended.
Debt collectors are active on old people and fleece the weak and helpless.
Debt collectors are businesses involved in the professional collection of debt.
Debt collectors are companies or individuals who are hired by creditors to collect money.
Debt collectors get a lot of information from public sources.
Debt collectors receive training in affective negotiation tactics.
Debt consolidation can also reduce the total monthly payment amount.
Debt consolidation can help a family over difficult economic times.
Debt consolidation can reduce or eliminate interest charges , and help pay off debt with less money.
Debt consolidation is a big business.
Debt consolidation is a great alternative to bankruptcy .
Debt consolidation is a reality.
Debt consolidation is a wonderful tool for getting out of debt with less stress.
Debt consolidation is another good option.
Debt consolidation is available for both singlewide and doublewide owners.
Debt consolidation is financings.
Debt consolidation is the number one use of a home equity loan.
Debt consolidation Take advantage of today's low interest rates.
Debt counseling is available and in fact is mandatory.
Debt counseling is provided free of charge.
Debt counseling needs to be improved.
Debt crises continue to wreck havoc on many countries in the Americas.
Debt crisis threatens to cripple Croatia's press.
Debt defaults increase and overall consumer spending drops as unemployment increases.
Debt financing can consist of senior or subordinate debt, and is usually provided by a bank.
Debt financing discusses where and how to get a business loan, and the types of loans available.
Debt financing does.
Debt financing improves the return on investment up to a point.
Debt financing includes general obligation and non-profit organization bonds.
Debt financing is a loan with interest and repayment provisions.
Debt financing is a loan.
Debt financing is also possible on good terms.
Debt financing is significantly different than equity financing.
Debt financing is the most common form of small business financing.
All debt financings require legislative approval.
Debt forgiveness is organized together and debt is handled country specifically.
Debt management is an important duty within the family household.
Debt management is something that is an important aspect of the program.
Debt monetization occurs when a.
Debt Negotiations Get a grip on old debt.
Debt negotiations is lump sum settlements.
Debt peonage is usually the final outcome.
Debt ratios are typically important to lenders.
Debt recovery is also important for individuals in recouping personal and professional debts.
Debt reduction frees up money to be spent on more worthwhile purposes.
Debt reduction is a perfectly sound use of the surplus.
Debt reduction is an idea whose time has come again.
Debt reduction is illustrated through a debt elimination schedule or through loan consolidation.
Debt reduction is tantamount to a tax cut because it reduces market pressure on interest rates.
Debt reduction is the next step on the state's path of fiscal responsibility.
Debt reduction is the only sure way to achieve that result.
Debt reduction is too slim.
Debt reduction is, in fact, tax reduction.
More debt reduction is needed, but it is far from enough.
Debt relief can be a complex and daunting task.
Debt relief does help.
Debt relief does nothing for the United States and little for the poorest nations of the world.
Debt relief falls into the category more of an act of compassion.
Debt relief has the potential to release budget resources.
Debt relief is a means toward greater economic stability.
Debt relief is a moral imperative.
Debt relief is a one time action to mark the millennium, as a sign of the solidarity of all people.
Debt relief is a religious issue.
Debt relief is a tremendous opportunity and challenge.
Debt relief is also a matter of common sense.
Debt relief is also in the United States' economic interest.
Debt relief is an act of justice.
Debt relief is both a moral and a financial imperative.
Debt relief is clean water and roads for farmers.
Debt relief is crucial for many countries to be able to take advantage of new programs.
Debt relief is futile for countries with unchanged long-run savings preferences.
Debt relief is hunger relief.
Debt relief is medical care for children.
Debt relief is now part of the official approach.
Debt relief is one approach to reducing poverty in the poorest countries.
Debt relief is one way of providing poor countries with extra resources to kick-start growth.
Debt relief is only a means to a much higher objective.
Debt relief is urgent.
Debt relief is very important to poor countries.
Debt relief is, however, urgent .
Debt relief is, however, urgent.
Debt securities are also an important way for companies and governments to raise money.
Debt securities are bonds, debentures, certificates of deposit and treasury bills.
Debt securities are negotiable and traded on secondary markets.
Debt securities are subject to interest rate or credit risk.
Debt securities comprise the reporting institutions' holdings of certain non-resident investments.
Debt securities issued are in general valued at redemption value.
Debt securities provide predictable recurring interest income.
Debt service cuts into profits and hampers cash flow.
Debt service is budgeted and accounted for in the fund in which it is incurred.
Debt service is financed from incremental property tax revenues.
Debt service is really too burdensome.
Debt service is supposed to be paid from operating revenues.
Debt service is that expense to the plant required to retire bonded indebtedness.
Debt service needs.
Debt service Provide a cash flow chart showing loan payment and monthly cash balance for one year.
Debt servicing absorbs more than health and education spending combined.
Debt servicing amounts to a third of our budget.
Debt servicing draws away needed funds for basic social services especially health and education.
Debt servicing is the second largest amount in the budget.
A debt is a liabilities
Debt accrued through academic loans is a relatively recent phenomenon.
Debt affects women most because their lives encompass all aspects of life.
Debt aim Scissors below no fence over an ladder.
Debt also burdens future generations for the government programs of today.
Debt also carries a negative connotation.
Debt also causes an increase of economic migration.
Debt also diverts scarce resources from development needs such as health centers and schools.
Debt also has ideological benefits.
Debt begins to beget debt.
Debt begins to increase from credit cards and loans.
Debt blocks a response to changed conditions.
Debt brings to mind owing money - like overdoing credit cards.
Debt can be a good thing.
Debt can be a loan extended by a bank or a syndicate of banks.
Debt can be an effective money-management tool under current market conditions.
Debt can be and has in the past been cancelled.
Debt can be expensive .
Debt can be expensive.
Debt can be extremely painful.
Debt can be in the form of bonds, preferred shares, notes receivable or other accruals.
Debt can be overwhelming to companies.
Debt can be pervasive, subtly infiltrating every facet of life.
Debt can have severe consequences in our lives.
Debt can kill.
Debt can paralyze people from moving forward.
Debt can range from everyday accounts payable to bonds.
Debt can seem overwhelming, but often can be overcome.
Debt can weigh anyone down from progress including a ministry.
Debt carries with it heavy responsibilities.
Debt causes undue stress which can escalate into many physical as well as mental health problems.
Debt claims on the single family home.
Debt collecting letters on the other hand are by their very nature threatening.
Debt consists mainly of committed bank facilities and bonds.
Debt continues to pile up on top of debt, leaving poor countries with little hope of escape.
Debt continues to rise with low interest rates that are also on the rise.
Debt creates a bond of unusual strength and complexity.
Debt creates a dependent employment situation and creates a victim mentality.
Debt creates political, social and economic instability throughout the world.
Debt creates problems.
Debt creates social unrest and war and also contributes to immigration.
Debt creates social unrest and war.
Debt denominated in foreign currency, net of swaps, is broken down by currency.
Debt does adversely affect the balance sheet of the institutions as well.
Debt does change the capital structure of the firm.
Debt drains resources from vital services.
Debt equals domination.
Debt erodes giving opportunities.
Debt exceeds annual income from exports by more than one-third.
Debt has a tax impact because interest is deductible for tax purposes.
Debt has a way of preventing home maintenance and auto repairs.
Debt has a way of preventing our children from attending college.
Debt has no meaning by itself, but only in relation to income and resources.
Debt has the power to wreck a marriage.
Debt has to be repaid, usually plus interest.
Debt have Translation till a carriage thru little journals.
Debt includes all liabilities, whether short term or long term.
Debt includes capital leases.
DEBT includes long term loans, deferred payments, etc.
Debt incurs charges for interest.
Debt is a burden to be avoided.
Debt is a cruel master.
Debt is a form of slavery, in principle.
Debt is a form of slavery.
Debt is a hard taskmaster.
Debt is a loan by a bank.
Debt is a low risk investment, typically made by banks.
Debt is a major obstacle to education.
Debt is a major reason to hedge.
Debt is a mild word for our sin, and is broader than trespass.
Debt is a millstone around the neck of the poorest countries.
Debt is a modern issue.
Debt is a necessary evil.
Debt is a necessity of an industrial economy.
Debt is a personal kind of thing.
Debt is a promise to pay, and a promise is a moral obligation.
Debt is a significant cause of hunger and poverty in developing countries.
Debt is a sound way to finance valuable assets and good investments.
Debt is a terrible thing.
Debt is a tool to be used wisely for such things as buying a house.
Debt is a two-edged sword.
Debt is acceptable, because everybody is doing it.
Debt is Africa s newest plague.
Debt is allocated by tracing disbursements of the debt proceeds to specific expenditures.
Debt is also restitutionary and has always been recognized as being so.
Debt is an amount owed as of a certain date.
Debt is an investment.
Debt is an obligation against a borrower's future earnings.
Debt is another major issue.
Debt is another matter.
Debt is another point of consideration.
Debt is bad.
Debt is canceled in new life.
Debt is classified as either real estate or nonreal estate.
Debt is classified as foreign and domestic, using debt holder residency criteria.
Debt is conquered and so is betrayal.
Debt is considered boring.
Debt is created, burdening both current and future taxpayers.
Debt is debt, whether it's a family or the government.
Debt is down.
Debt is even worse, though.
Debt is harmless, even desirable, if it is successfully employed to achieve growth.
Debt is harmless, even desirable, when it funds growth.
Debt is just like a child.
Debt is just such a subject.
Debt is like a cancer in society.
Debt is lower, of course, because deficits have been lower.
Debt is measured by general government gross debt.
Debt is more risky, but it prevents diversification of ownership.
Debt is more than simply borrowing and owing money.
Debt is mortgages, outstanding credit card bills and other major loans.
Debt is nothing to be afraid of.
Debt is now high up on the international agenda.
Debt is often the reason behind the search for the quick mega-buck.
Debt is one of our most universally felt problems.
Debt is one of the major issues emphasised in the process of discussing what needs to be done.
Debt is one of the mechanisms used by big business and government to control ordinary people.
Debt is only one factor.
Debt is Pakistan's curse.
Debt is power.
Debt is reasonable, losses are big.
Debt is safer but is lower return.
Debt is something that goes on quickly, but getting it paid down takes years.
Debt is temporal.
Debt is the accumulated deficits going back over the years.
Debt is the accumulation of deficits over time.
Debt is the fire of investing.
Debt is the first charge on the bequest of the deceased.
Debt is the first thing most small-business owners start to think about.
Debt is the greatest threat to financial security, followed only by waste.
Debt is the hallmark of the compulsive gambler.
Debt is the inability to pay our bills, in full, at the end of each month.
Debt is the means through which the globalisation process has impacted on Southern Africa.
Debt is the most widely used external source of capital.
Debt is the prolific mother of folly and of crime.
Debt is the use of someone else's capital for a fixed cost.
Debt is the wealth equivalent of fat.
Debt is the worse poverty.
Debt is the wrong enemy .
Debt is the wrong enemy.
Debt is too much to deal with in a crazy environment like the music business.
Debt is very often part of a venture capital deal.
Debt is what causes people to go into bankruptcy.
Debt is what diverts resources from health and education spending.
Debt is what is owed.
Debt isa state.
Debt issued during the year is weighted by the fraction of the year outstanding.
Debt leads to destruction of the environment.
Debt leaves many people distracted and vexed.
Debt lives on despite boom .
Debt lowers a firm s risk of financial distress.
Debt makes up the difference between income and expense.
Debt means servitude.
Debt offers tips on dealing with debt.
Debt only confuses the issue, but the calculation is the same.
Debt paydowns poll well.
Debt piles on debt as competition for the U.S. market gets ever fiercer.
Debt places a heavy burden on the development process of many developing countries.
Debt prevent through several chest after charged womens raincoat with hood.
Debt produces servitude.
Debt reduces net worth.
Debt remains a problem in many middle-income developing countries as well.
Debt remains the dark cloud over the economy.
Debt represents past acquisitions, and it can carry forward for years.
Debt rescheduling that formal loans are free. is possible.
Debt secured by specific property usually is given to the spouse receiving that property.
Debt servicing payments also limit the availability of money for education and healthcare.
Debt servicing regularly exceeds spending on education and social services combined.
Debt speaks more.
Debt still exists in the other person's mind.
Debt still means that children of the poor are dying of preventable disease.
Debt takes time to reduce.
Debt thereby accumulates exponentially compared to consumption.
Debt undermines dignity and self-determination.
Debt undermines joy.
Debt underpins real estate values, consumption, capital equipment purchase, business expansion, etc.
Debts are deductible at their nominal value.
Debts are liabilities.
Debts are obligation.
Debts are paid, restitution is made, to the extent that it can be.
Debts are serious stuff.
Debts are subject to the same characterization categories as property.
Debts become assets.
Debts begin to diminish instead of build.
Debts come before everything else, so world society demands.
Debts compound, too.
Debts do have to be paid off.
Debts fall into different categories as well.
Debts forgiven, prisoners set free, sabbath rest.
Debts get harder and harder to be repaid.
Debts have to be written down.
Debts here means sin's.
Debts pile up and some banks become shaky.
Debts though have to be paid, and one usually has great respect for wealth and traditional values.
Debts always come back to bite the debtor.
All debt eventually becomes short-term debt once it begins to fall due.
All debts are due and payable upon withdrawal, including financial aid overawards.
All debts are important, but some are more pressing than others.
Any debt incurred from willful or malicious injury are generally Nondischargeable.
Any debts considered are debts against specific assets listed on aid forms.
Every debt is held by someone else who treats it as an asset.
More debt is created.
More debt makes our society weaker.
Most debts are unsecured debts, which are, in a sense, ordinary debts.
Most debts become assets.
Some debt is bad.
Some debt is good.
Some debt is necessary to meet goals.
Some debt is necessary to reach goals.
Some debt is OK if the long-term return is worth it.
Some debts are hard to put into words.
Some debts are more important than others.
Some debts are more serious than others.
Some debts are non-dischargeable.
Some debts are obvious, others less so.
Some debts help economic growth.
Some debts help growth.
Some debts help strong economic growth.
Some debts help strong growth.
Some debts persist for centuries.
Some debts straddle the line between essential and nonessential.
Debtor nations are responsible for long-term interest payments.
A debtor is a person
Debtor admits that a default occurred.
Debtor also asserts equitable arguments.
Debtor argues that the restitution debt was satisfied and that the civil judgment is dischargeable.
Debtor arranges to repay debt.
Debtor bears the burden of proof on adequate protection.
Debtor buys the car and drives it home.
Debtor can oppose involuntary petition.
Debtor can redeem only prior to sale or foreclosure by payment of entire balance.
Debtor can redeem ten days after retaking or after judgment in replevin.
Debtor contends that each partner is a mortgagee of a farm that the partnership sold.
Debtor currently lives with a woman.
Debtor has a history of filing joint tax returns.
Debtor has loans at two different banks.
Debtor has no means of escape.
Debtor has no more rights than a hypothetical bona fide purchaser.
Debtor is a development stage company.
Debtor is a federal employee or in the military.
Debtor is a minor.
Debtor is already subject to another garnishment.
Debtor is correct that the parties' intent, as determined by the facts of each case, is important.
Debtor is current on repayment plan and expects to be discharged soon.
Debtor is entitled to distribution of exempt assets upon completion of the plan.
Debtor is hampered with a serious mental illness.
Debtor is liquidating.
Debtor is now a Vermont citizen.
Debtor is now in bankruptcy.
Debtor is protected from any and all such action during the pendency of the case.
Debtor is the person who owes payment or performance of the obligation that is secured.
Debtor later finds itself in financial trouble.
Debtor needs the money for basic support.
Debtor owns a computer located in Missouri.
Debtor owns no other real property in Jericho.
Debtor recalls receiving a copy shortly thereafter.
Debtor receives public benefits or payments from pension plan.
Debtor runs a plumbing supply company.
Debtor seeks approval of the settlement of a pre-petition personal injury claim.
Debtor seeks modification of that assessment.
Debtor seeks to avoid a mortgage because of mutual mistake.
Debtor then files for bankruptcy three days later.
Debtor then files for bankruptcy two months later.
Debtor then serves the motion and the order setting preliminary hearing.
Debtors are people.
Debtors are subject to judgments that remain until balances are paid in full.
Debtors are subject to late fees and collection costs.
Debtors argue that their mortgagees are adequately protected.
Debtors become slaves.
Debtors can apply for court protection before their liabilities surpass their assets.
Debtors can be individuals, corporations, trusts, or partnerships.
Debtors can now access the forms needed to request copies of their closed case records .
Debtors can recover, and become even better customers.
Debtors file all their debt in a petition filed with the court.
Debtors gain by paying back money of lesser purchasing power than when the money was borrowed.
Debtors gain when inflation is unexpectedly high, and creditors gain when it is unexpectedly low.
Debtors have a stipulated number of years to extinguish their debt before financial penalties apply.
Debtors have small retirement accounts with their present employers.
Debtors have to sell the local currency to acquire dollars so they can pay their debts.
Debtors make a new beginning.
Debtors make two arguments.
Debtors merely cry.
Debtors processing their own bankruptcy without a lawyer pay the same filing fee that lawyers pay .
Debtors recovering in D.A. generally attend several meetings each week.
Debtors remain under court supervision for the life of the plan, up to five years.
Debtors seeking to declare insolvency now have four avenues under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
Debtors share a close personal, legal, and financial relationship.
Debtors suffer, including national debtors, while creditors gain.
Debtors tell deputies that they are in bankruptcy.
Debtors track invoice payments.
Debtors turn over to a court representative all of their assets for distribution to creditors.
Debtors often wish to retain all, or a portion of a particular year's tax refund.
Any debtor owning property has the common law right to make an assignment.
Many debtors are bitter at the banks, because they granted loans too easily.
Many debtors cling to an unrealistic view of future income, pinning their hopes on a bonus or raise.
Most debtors have multiple creditors, all of whom are vying for limited resources.
Most debtors have no assets above the exemptions.
Most debtors use the exemptions provided by their state.
Some debtors dispute collection claims.
Some debtors feel they never want a credit card again.
Debtors prison has a modern look.
Some debug exceptions are traps and some are faults.
All debug information is written to the daemon syslog facility.
Some debug information is available below.
Most debug messages are text.
Debug tools are also available.
All debugger users Examine a core file.
A debugger is a computer programme
Debugger works correctly from a non-pythonwin app etc.
Debuggers allow examination of the status of a program that is currently executing.
Debuggers are programs.
Debuggers emboss the software by detecting the errors and make it error free.
Debuggers offer the best example.
Debuggers use the second one to find the value, and the first one to know that it is an argument.
Some debuggers allow users to change field values during a debugging session.
Debut novels are authors' first novels, and often become best sellers.
A debut is a beginning
Debut release by superb Irish trio.
Debutante balls are back.
A dec is an angle
Dec implement a pilot project for one student and five perioperative nurses.
DECs work closely with several state agencies.
DECA membership is an option.
Decade volcanoes are likely to erupt in the near future and are near large population centers.
Decade volcanoes are volcanoes that erupt every couple of decades.
A decade is a period
Decade appeals the first result.
Decade isa period.
Decade recognizes the unique needs of each agency.
Decades are dates.
Decades are part of centuries.
Decades are 'soon'.
Decades are time periods.
Decades can elapse between such events.
Decades can pass before improved animals are developed.
Decades go by before the inventor gets the prize promised by the monarch.
Decades go by.
Decades has a good collection of clean, well-preserved bowling garb for both sexes.
Decades have (part) years.
Decades is all about high-fashion, vintage, designer clothing.
Decades look like that.
Decades pass and more evidence surfaces.
Decades pass before timber is ready for harvest.
Decades pass in limitless corridors of locked doors and no escape.
Decades pass, and at times half a century, before the truth is revealed.
Decades removed from the battlefield, some veterans still hear the cries of wounded comrades.
Decades see consistent growth.
Decades see growth.
Decades seems the better bet, though.
Decades sells all types of vintage clothing.
Decades turn into centuries, centuries into millenia.
Every decade gets worse than the prior one.
Every decade has a couple of shows that really stand out.
Every decade has a defining trial.
Every decade has a name or description.
Every decade has great films.
Every decade is represented.
Every decade is subjective to what the people who experienced it remember.
Every decade seems to bring an explosion of new faces to filmland.
Every decade seems to bring with it some force that drives business change.
Every decade there are proposals to authorize an independent outline of new districts.
Every decade there's less hardwood available.
Every decade there's lots of public hearings.
Most decades are part of centuries.
Most decades have the good grace to go away.
Most decades see consistent growth.
Most decades see growth.
Some decades are easier than others.
Some decades are hot and dry, and others are cool and wet.
Some decades are more equally contested than others.
A decadence is abjection
Decadence comes in many forms.
Decadence is about dead ends.
Decadence is alive and well because it s gotten so much media attention.
Decadence is back - along with femininity, fun and extravagance.
Decadence is protean, and takes many different forms.
Decadence is sometimes amoral, especially in the modern era.
Decadence is the rule with our hazelnut eclairs with strawberry and chocolate sauces.
Decadence is usually a state in a society which used to be good but has become bad .
Decadence is usually a state in a society which used to be good but has become bad.
Decadence is what frustrates one s own projects.
Decadence is, of course, a comparative concept.
Decadence vaporizes peoples, frequently in the gentlest of manners.
Decadent art generates decadent culture.
Decadent societies decay - and vanish into the dustbin of history.
Decadent societies decay and vanish into the dustbin of history.
Decadent splurges come to mind.
Decaffeinated brands work just as well.
Decaffeinated coffee does contain caffeine, but the amount is quite small.
Decaffeinated coffee has no caffein.
Decaffeinated coffee is also important.
Decaffeinated coffee is coffee
Decaffeinated coffee is coffee.
Decaffeinated coffee is produced by three different methods.
Decaffeinated coffee is used by people hypersensitive to the caffeine present in regular coffee.
Decaffeinated fluids are fine.
Decaffeinated forms are available.
Decaffeinated options are always available.
Decaffeinated products are fine.
A decagon is a figure
Decagons are among the regular polygons that can be inscribed in a given circle.
Decagram isa unit.
Decagrams have (part) grams.
Decagrams have (part) gs.
Some decagrams are part of kgs.
Some decagrams are part of kilograms.
Some decagrams are part of kilos.
Decal color is blue letters on a silver background.
Decal eligibility is determined by the student s current address and student classification.
Decal fees are non- refundable.
Decal fees are non-refundable.
Decal fees are nonrefundable.
Decal holders pay a replacement fee for lost, damaged, or stolen decals or keycards.
Decal image is fired permanently into the glaze.
All decal logos are silk screened, accurately reproducing original colors.
Decal mapping is the biggest improvement in thinkreal, the company's rendering module.
Decal owners are responsible for any and all tickets issued to their vehicles.
Decal paper is essentially paper coated with varnish.
Decal placement is discussed next.
Decal preparation is simple and easy to do if directions are followed well.
All decal restrictions remain in effect at all other times throughout the month.
A decal is a pattern
A decal is transfer paper
Decals appear matte and in register.
Decals are also a vehicle or medium that are used to deliver information to prospects and customers.
Decals are also available.
Decals are also easily removable and leave no residual adhesive.
Decals are art.
Decals are available as well, and really make the models.
Decals are available at the campus security office.
Decals are available from many vendors.
Decals are available in reflective, non-reflective and magnetic stocks using color fast inks.
Decals are available to members at no charge, at Chapter meetings and events.
Decals are back-slit for easy application.
Decals are blue.
Decals are bright and perfect.
Decals are brown.
Decals are clear coated for durability.
Decals are color coded to match the color coding of the parking lots.
Decals are designs.
Decals are easy to put on and remove.
Decals are easy to read and the inside of the car is nicely done.
Decals are FREE in the city.
Decals are free.
Decals are from spares or hand-painted.
Decals are good for the current academic year.
Decals are green.
Decals are horrible, disintegrated on touching the water.
Decals are in fine condition.
Decals are kinda crap.
Decals are like stickers, duhh.
Decals are mint.
Decals are nicely represented and the cars animations are a wonder to behold.
Decals are non-transferable from one vehicle to another.
Decals are non-transferable.
Decals are now available.
Decals are of the water-slide type and each cross is well printed and straight.
Decals are purple.
Decals are red.
Decals are sharp, in register, and have a minimum of extra carrier film.
Decals are subject to an annual fee.
Decals are the property of the original purchaser.
Decals are to be affixed to the outside lower left rear window.
Decals are to be dis played on each side of the cab.
Decals are to be mounted permanently on right fork of motorcycle.
Decals are transferable between motor vehicles without authorization from the base jurisdiction.
Decals are valid for one academic year as indicated by the printed expiration date.
Decals are valid for one academic year.
Decals are valid from the first class day of the fall semester through commencement weekend.
Decals are valid through the end of the academic year.
Decals are very thin material and come pre-cut.
Decals can be added onto surfaces, textures can be mixed, e.t.c.
Decals can peel or bubble off.
Decals clearly mark the safe as being under dual control.
Decals come in white only.
Decals cover all car names.
Decals cover both styles.
Decals cover the life of the car for the selected road.
Decals cover the life of the car.
Decals covers every name of the cars used in the four identical trains.
Decals expire on the date printed on the sticker.
Decals feature durable mylar topcoat to protect against abrasion.
Decals featuring aircraft depicted in the books are also available.
Decals go to numbers as graphics to vinyl signs boat is hull top vinyl in lettering come letters.
Decals go to numbers as graphics to vinyl signs.
Decals have a limited life when exposed to the elements.
Decals measure approx.
Decals permit both Lines East and West versions to be modeled.
Decals purchased during the fall semester are valid in the winter and spring semesters.
Decals take the shape and aspect ratio of the texture it's applied to.
Decals work fine in software.
All decals are custom die cut, and can be placed on any hard flat surface.
All decals are in full color and in mint condition.
All decals are in place and legible.
All decals are in stock and ready for immediate shipment.
All decals are minty.
All decals are reproductions of graffiti found on real railroad cars.
Decalcification is a chemical action
Decalcification is a permanent white or yellow scaring of the teeth.
A decantation is a transfusion
Decantation is part of the operations required for the correct handling of the set.
Decantation is the cheaper, low-tech of the two methods.
A decanter is a bottle
Decanters are also useful for aerating young, tannic reds.
Decanters are containers.
Decanters are located in bars.
Decanters are located in breweries.
Decanters are located in chemistry labs.
Decanters are located in labs.
Decanters are located in restaurants.
Decanters are more compact, and pack more performance into less space.
Decanters are never as airtight as glass bottles.
Decanters are used for wine.
Decanters come in a myriad of shapes.
A decapitation is an execution
Decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead.
Decapitation is a valid fear in the case of Pakistan's deterrent.
Decapitation is acceptable for rodents, rabbits and birds, and other animals of similar size.
Decapitation is always fatal, that is, the result is always death.
Decapitation is an easy way to kill a reptile in that no special equipment or drugs are necessary.
Decapitation is an old custom of execution, still used in some countries.
Decapitation is inhumane for rattlesnakes.
Decapitation sends an electrical impulse to the nervous system which causes sexual arousal.
Decapitations are diseases.
Decapitations are executions.
Decapitations are killing.
Decapitations are one of the new additions to the game.
A decapod crustacean is a crustacean
Decapod crustaceans have five pairs of limbs.
Decapod crustaceans occur worldwide.
A decapod is a shellfish
Decapod isa arthropod.
Decapods are also the largest crustaceans in size.
Decapods are egg-laying invertebrates, mainly with seperate sexes.
Decapods are important prey items for many fish, waterfowl, and aquatic mammals.
Decapods are preyed upon by a variety of predators from alligators to fishes.
Decapods are sexually dimorphic.
Decapods can have as many as twenty apendages, arranged in one pair per body segment.
Decapods eat plants.
Decapods exhibit many complex and even spectacular behaviors.
Decapods exhibit tremendous diversity in shape, size, and color.
Decapods have (part) brains.
Decapods have (part) carapaces.
Decapods have (part) cell membranes.
Decapods have (part) cells.
Decapods have (part) corpi.
Decapods have (part) cytoplasm.
Decapods have (part) ears.
Decapods have (part) faces.
Decapods have (part) heads.
Decapods have (part) nuclei.
Decapods have (part) pincers.
Decapods have (part) plasma membranes.
Decapods have (part) sections.
Decapods have (part) shells.
Decapods have (part) skulls.
Decapods have (part) thoraxes.
Decapods have (part) vacuoles.
Decapods have a breaking point at the base of each leg.
Decapods have abdomens.
Decapods have eyes.
Decapods have two pairs of antennae, as do all crustaceans.
Decapods maintain functional integrity.
Decapods maintain integrity.
All decapods have ten appendages with different function based on location.
Many decapods are scavengers they eat dead plants and animals .
Many decapods use visual and even auditory signals to communicate with one another.
Most decapods are marine, but some shrimp, a few crabs and all crayfish live in fresh water.
Most decapods are scavengers .
Most decapods eat plants.
Most decapods emerge to feed only at night when fewer predatory fishes are active.
Most decapods have abdomens.
Most decapods have eyes.
Most decapods maintain functional integrity.
Most decapods maintain integrity.
Some decapods have ability.
Some decapods have body size.
Some decapods have predators.
Some decapods have salinity.
Some decapods have similar body size.
Some decapods have similar size.
Some decapods have size.
Some decapods possess legs.
A decarboxylase is an enzyme
Decarboxylases are inducible enzymes.
A decarboxylation is a chemical action
Decarboxylation occurs during Glycolysis.
Decarboxylation requires electron shift away from the carboxylate.
Decay chains can be very long or very short, depending on the particular isotope.
Decay development occurs faster on freeze injured fruit.
Decay fungi are suspected of transporting certain elements into decaying wood.
Decay heat is rejected to isolation condenser pool and then to the atmosphere.
Every decay mode has a comment on where it came from or who made it up.
Decay patterns can vary because of eating patterns.
Decay phase continues.
Decay rates vary greatly for different radioactive isotopes.
Decay resistance is very high.
Decay time is similar to half life , but shorter and less familiar.
Decay vegetation provides excellent food.
Decay vegetation provides food.
Most decay vegetation provides excellent food.
Most decay vegetation provides food.
Decay wood has texture.
Most decay wood has texture.
Decay begins with sugar and starches.
Decay causing fungi frequently invade the damaged tissue.
Decay depends on warmth.
Decay destroys parts of the tooth.
Decay has decay factors.
Decay has factors.
Decay has impact.
Decay is a physical process
Decay is decrease.
Decay is natural processes.
Decay is nuclear reaction.
Decay isa process.
Decay looks to have a LOT of character.
Decay occurs at stages.
Decay produces energy.
Decay produces heat.
Decay takes place in an acid environment created by sweets and refined carbohydrates.
Decay tends to spread quickly in baby teeth.
All decays result in a nucleus with higher binding energy and lower potential energy.
Most decay depends on warmth.
Most decay has decay factors.
Most decay has factors.
Most decay has impact.
Some decay comes from observations.
Some decay has capacity.
Some decay is caused by fungi.
Some decay is caused by pathogen.
Some decay is caused by unknown pathogen.
Some decay occurs in nuclei.
Some decay occurs in specimens.
Some decay produces invisible particles.
Some decay produces particles.
Decayed fruit becomes soft and shrinks.
Decayed leaves add to the soil nutrients that feed trees, shrubs, flowers and vegetables.
Decayed material is removed by drilling and a substance is used to fill the tooth.
Decayed materials provide minerals and other food for plants growing in humus.
Decayed sacredness is inseparable from sacrifice.
Decayed teeth affect a child s appearance and can cause pain.
Decayed teeth can cause pain and can cost a lot to fill.
Decayed trunks build soil or hold water like a sponge.
Decayed wood contains white mycelium and small black flecks about the size of rice grains.
Decaying logs are also homes to many of the smaller animals from the insect kingdom.
Decaying skeletons are a newbies dream.
Decca phonograph ca.
Decease children serve as heirs.
Decease workers enter areas.
Decease isa alteration.
Deceased classmates can have eulogies and obituaries .
Deceased data is now available online.
Deceased lady is survived by a family of four sons and two daughters.
A deceased person is a person
Deceased persons transported across state lines usually require a burial permit.
Every deceased soul has at least two.
Deceased isa individual.
Deceased isa person.
Deceased isa somebody.
Deceased isa someone.
Deceaseds have (part) arms.
Deceaseds have (part) body substances.
Deceaseds have (part) cell membranes.
Deceaseds have (part) cells.
Deceaseds have (part) corpi.
Deceaseds have (part) cytoplasm.
Deceaseds have (part) heads.
Deceaseds have (part) human bodies.
Deceaseds have (part) legs.
Deceaseds have (part) material bodies.
Deceaseds have (part) necks.
Deceaseds have (part) nuclei.
Deceaseds have (part) personality.
Deceaseds have (part) plasma membranes.
Deceaseds have (part) sections.
Deceaseds have (part) vacuoles.
A decedent is a person
Decedent leaves surviving spouse and one child.
Decedents estates-right to disclaim.
Deceit is dishonesty
Deceit isa quality.
Deceit springs eternal.
Deceitful merchants buy and sell it to gain profit.
Deceived people fall into three categories.
A deceiver is an offender
Deceivers also work well.
Deceivers are behind pulpits.
Deceivers are books.
Deceivers are liars.
Deceivers are wrongdoers.
Deceivers become openly honest people.
Deceivers know that.
Decelerate rigidity becomes manifest in the final phase of the illness.
Deceleration has no effect on the derived age.
Deceleration indicates a turn to the South.
Deceleration is an occurrence
Deceleration is considered to be negative acceleration.
Deceleration is different.
Deceleration is exceedingly swift and the airplane is subjected to large structural forces.
Deceleration is negative acceleration and has a negative value to indicate direction.
Deceleration is rates.
Deceleration is speed.
Deceleration is the biggest killer in skiing.
Deceleration is the decrease of speed or velocity over time.
Deceleration is the decrease of velocity.
Deceleration is the opposite of acceleration .
Deceleration is the opposite of acceleration.
Deceleration protects the arm.
Decelerations are decreases in the fetal heart rate.
December has (part) calendar weeks.
December isa month.
A decency is propriety
Decency demands that prisoners be humanely treated.
All decennial censuses are on microfilm.
Decent action sequences.
Decent actors play roles.
Most decent actors play roles.
Decent artists go through bad times but eventually they do get recognized.
Every decent athlete has to be shared among all the sports.
Decent beer is available, but it's usually fairly expensive.
Decent books make better movies, while great books are nearly impossible to translate to the screen.
Any decent browser has font-size controls in it.
Decent cages are costly too.
Most decent cases have a few spots to install fans.
Most decent chips come with aone-year or lifetime guarantees.
Decent citizens are upset by the extravagant and showy excesses of the nation's super-wealthy.
Decent cops comprise a very small minority of our law enforcement system.
Decent discrimination is the key to just about everything now.
Decent dress is required.
Most decent eggbeaters are double-pinion drills, however.
Any decent employer advertises vacancies internally first.
Decent encryption is already available.
Decent folk victimized by crime often feel an instinctive urge to seek vengeance.
Decent food has proteins.
Most decent food has proteins.
Decent grades are a prerequisite to joining the club.
Decent grammar is required, however.
Every decent guy is an ex-boyfriend of a friend of a friend.
Most decent hardware is compatible.
All decent helmets come with built-in vents.
Decent hotels are hard to come by outside the main cities.
Decent housing is a basic right.
Some decent ideas are out there.
Every decent joke is in the trailer.
Any decent lawyer is skeptical when a potential client claims that records have been doctored.
Decent living is a good thing - and counts.
Decent living is surely much fit.
Decent living is truly fit.
Decent men live at homes.
Most decent men live at homes.
Decent nations are a family.
All decent newsreaders have a Find capability for searching for groups by key words.
Decent pay accorded workers is returned in expanded customer bases.
Decent people allow others a zone of privacy.
Decent people are afraid to walk the streets after dark.
Decent people are understandably tired of the violence in society.
Decent people do wrong, they do evil, even as they explain and rationalize it.
Decent people have to start standing up for their rights.
Decent people think it has to work.
Decent people try to do what is right.
Decent performances help make it modestly entertaining.
Most decent persons regard execution as barbarous.
Decent photo is necessary .
Most decent pilots are.
Decent players study games.
Any decent presentation includes some pictorial presentation to convey ideas.
Decent privacy is impossible.
Decent programs can be difficult to match in, and the top programs are very competitive.
All decent servers support CGI and most have some binary API as well .
All decent servers support CGI and most have some binary API as well.
Any decent ship is feminine .
Decent telescopes cost at least several hundred dollars, and top-notch ones cost in the thousands.
Decent tips are vital.
Any decent troll can always tell the difference between a real and a fake.
Decent wages mean they can support themselves and their families.
Decent work can enhance productivity for firms.
Decent work is a global demand today, confronting political and business leadership worldwide.
Decent work is a goal .
Decent work is a method of organizing programmes and activities .
Decent work is a personal goal for individuals and families and a development goal for countries.
Decent work is a platform for external dialogue and partnership .
Decent work is a universal aspiration of people everywhere, North and South.
Decent work is a valid policy goal at all levels of development .
Decent work is an ambitious goal.
Decent work is productive work in conditions of freedom, equity, security and human dignity.
Decent work is relevant for the poor .
Decent work is the cornerstone of any stable society.
Decent work is the way ordinary women and men express their needs and aspirations.
Decent work is what people want for themselves, their families and their communities.
Decent work means productive work, in conditions of freedom, equity, security and human dignity.
Decent work provides an integrated policy framework .
Decent work refers both to the quality as well as the quantity of work.
Decent young men live at homes.
Decent youth try to work hard in school and excel.
Decentralisation is a goal.
Decentralisation is a sensitive national issue.
Decentralisation is a very good democratisation policy and people like it.
Decentralisation is spreading
Decentralisation is the answer.
Decentralisation is the key word now in Holland.
Decentralisation is therefore a key concern in district development.
Decentralisation is trendy.
Decentralisation is under way in Germany, Austria, Ireland, Belgium and France.
Decentralised communities rely on active participation in community processes.
Decentralised systems share the skills, share the costs and share the rewards.
Decentralization allows for different responses in various contexts.
Decentralization allows for more flexibility and quicker action.
Decentralization also applies to health and safety.
Decentralization brings liberation.
Decentralization can cause other problems.
Decentralization can fix some nagging corporate problems.
Decentralization can impede the implementation of new policies promulgated from headquarters.
Decentralization does have a certain appeal, especially to populists.
Decentralization embraces much more than the five themes.
Decentralization ensures that training is driven by the needs of individual line divisions.
Decentralization facilitates farmers' participation in demand-driven projects.
Decentralization fosters a competitive spirit within our company.
Decentralization helps improve services.
Decentralization improves government.
Decentralization is a costly way to treat organizational problems.
Decentralization is a multi-dimensional process that proceeds with success and setbacks.
Decentralization is a necessary framework for privatization.
Decentralization is a powerful democratic concept which involves how societies are governed.
Decentralization is a social process
Decentralization is a wider trend going on in Europe.
Decentralization is also evident in technologies .
Decentralization is another way to break up the railway monolith.
Decentralization is most common in manufacturing and least common in services.
Decentralization is neither feasible nor desirable without strong, competent local governments.
Decentralization is often a myth.
Decentralization is often a political imperative.
Decentralization is part of a growing process of democratization throughout Africa.
Decentralization is practiced.
Decentralization is quite common in line areas as well.
Decentralization is rather popular in Canada presently.
Decentralization is social processes.
Decentralization is spread.
Decentralization is the idea of the present and the future.
Decentralization is the most important positive factor in recent government policy.
Decentralization is the one thing that can explain the multiplicity of chronic pain.
Decentralization is the only means to improve and develop government work procedures.
Decentralization is the order of the day.
Decentralization is the reform upon which most hopes hang.
Decentralization is, in fact, more efficient.
Decentralization makes sense to agents.
Decentralization plays a part in creating urban donut holes.
Decentralization provides a detailed vision of how to do it.
Decentralization remains uneven.
Decentralization rests upon two major assumptions.
Decentralization suffers from poorer return on investment per minute of computational availability.
Decentralization tends to increase both total and subnational spending on public infrastructure.
Decentralized applets are the planetwide genetic blueprint of technopolis.
Decentralized approach has the opposite features.
Decentralized computers lack the software sophistication found on mainframe computers.
Decentralized execution is important to carrying out effective planning.
Decentralized governance is a major element of American conservatism.
Decentralized government is less likely to prescribe moralistic or normative values.
Decentralized markets bring about economic coordination in two ways.
Decentralized operations produce a high-quality loan portfolio by balancing volume and quality.
Decentralized organizations distribute decision-making authority throughout the company.
Decentralized pages are more difficult to manage as a common collection.
Decentralized power helps reduce ethnic conflict and thus contributes to democracy.
Any decentralized process has some costs associated with it.
Decentralized receivers exploit the knowledge of the desired user parameters only.
Decentralized responsibilities place decision making closer to the citizen.
Decentralized structures govern the country s island dependencies.
Decentralized systems distribute the decision-making throughout the distributed transducer nodes.
Deception Bay is at the south of the shire.
Deception Island is a caldera volcano that is still active today.
Deception Island is a land of fire and ice.
Deception Island is a still active volcano.
Deception Island is a truly desolate place.
Deception Island is the home of an abandoned whaling station.
Deception Island presents a different appearance from the rest of the group.
Deception also invades witness testimony.
Deception apparently begets deception.
Deception begins to dominate, leading many to place self-interest above societal interest.
Deception can also fool an attacker's decision making process.
Deception can also include such physical mediums as being conned out of money.
Deception can be acceptable.
Deception can be of no avail.
Deception can sometimes affect perception.
Deception carries no criminal or even civil penalties.
Deception comes mostly from placing the attention on the head rather than the chest.
Deception comes through voices of depression.
Deception ends in disaster .
Deception eventually turns it into a businessman.
Deception exists in area of employment.
Deception explains choices.
Deception goes to the heart of the decision and deception is dangerous to the republic.
Deception has four periods of play.
Deception has no place in love.
Deception involves persuading someone into sincerely believing that which is false.
Deception is a cancer that turns on itself.
Deception is a mainstay of thought reform cults and groups.
Deception is a pleasure.
Deception is a required practice at every level of power.
Deception is a strong element in Freemasonry.
Deception is a trap of the enemy.
Deception is a tricky business.
Deception is about misleading consumers to their detriment.
Deception is also an important part of language development.
Deception is also possible.
Deception is an easy art.
Deception is an integral part of an affair, regardless of the particular form it takes.
Deception is an interesting thing.
Deception is another matter entirely.
Deception is apparent when dealing with family or children.
Deception is apparent.
Deception is considered part of that game.
Deception is deception, and the deceived never know it until they are enlightened or delivered.
Deception is described as intentionally creating a false impression regarding intention.
Deception is evident.
Deception is evil whether it is directed to the individual or to the whole.
Deception is falsification.
Deception is fundamental to the litigation process.
Deception is good for the patients.
Deception is horse-shoe shaped, enclosing a sheltered lagoon.
Deception is important because it undercuts the happy feeling that a comedy is supposed to engender.
Deception is important.
Deception is just as possible online or offline.
Deception is like an invisible rape.
Deception is likely.
Deception is more a tool of evil than a kind of evil.
Deception is never as effective in diplomacy as it is in warfare.
Deception is no exception.
Deception is no part of love.
Deception is often the unavoidable by-product of an unrestrained appetite.
Deception is on every side.
Deception is one of the quickest ways to gain little things and lose big things.
Deception is one reason for division.
Deception is par for the course.
Deception is part of a complete system of competition.
Deception is part of the process of any government in distress.
Deception is performance
Deception is permissible.
Deception is rampant there.
Deception is rampant.
Deception is similar to miscommunication, but it involves deliberate lies.
Deception is so very subtle.
Deception is still the stock in trade of people seeking power over others.
Deception is the art of keeping others off balance.
Deception is the basic feature of all cult recruitment.
Deception is the basis and final truth of life.
Deception is the bottom line with satan.
Deception is the first seal.
Deception is the foundation of the whole affair.
Deception is the hallmark of a false teacher.
Deception is the key.
Deception is the purposeful hiding of the truth.
Deception is the reason for the invention of the subconscious.
Deception is the universal sin of the race.
Deception is wrong only if it harms someone.
Deception is wrong.
Deception isa statement.
Deception leads to self deception.
Deception looms large in the narrative.
Deception means delusion, falsehood, fraud, hypocrisy, lie, or trickery.
Deception occurs which raises the issue of moral ethics.
Deception pops up everywhere.
Deception produces massive amounts of guilt and shame.
Deception requires more words than truthfulness.
Deceptions come in all sizes.
Deception always involves pretense.
All deception is dangerous and hindering.
All deception is morally wrong.
Any deception is therefore evil and harmful.
Every deception is exposed to the light of truth.
Most deception comes in brightly colored packages.
Most deception explains choices.
Most deception involves written or oral misrepresentations, or omissions of material information.
Some deception has advantage.
Some deception has reproductive advantage.
Some deceptions are blatant, but they are rare.
Deceptive ads make it impossible for people to explore all their options.
Deceptive ads undermine the principle of a level playing field for all business.
Deceptive advertising is technically illegal in the United States, but enforcement is minimal.
Deceptive cadences are about as easy to locate as a daisy in a summer field.
Deceptive communications can easily undermine users' confidence in a system.
Deceptive fruits reduce insect seed predation by insects.
Deceptive hill is steeper than it looks.
Deceptive mailings take many forms.
Deceptive odors can attract prey, too.
Deceptive plays are of course out of the question.
Deceptive realities can offer provocative perspectives if the viewer is committed enough.
Deceptive reflections ruin the reasoning faculties of all living creatures.
Deceptive service includes sales tricks and false fronts.
Deceptive tactics are nothing new to advertising.
Deceptive tactics remain the tool of choice.
Deceptive taxation invites complications.
Deceptive telemarketing is a criminal offence.
Deceptive telemarketing is the cause of many slamming complaints.
Deceptive truth is still a lie.
Dechlorinate mode reduces chlorine and musty odors from tap water.
Dechorionated embryos can swim clumsily when prodded.
Dechorionated embryos lie on their sides when at rest, yolk sac obliquely upwards.
A decibel is an unit
Decibels are a convenient way of plotting magnitudes which cover a wide range of values.
Decibels are a logarithmic scale of relative loudness.
Decibels are a logarithmic way of representing relative power levels.
Decibels are a measurement of sound levels.
Decibels are a relative measurement.
Decibels are how loud sound is.
Decibels are the preferred method and term for representing the ratio of different audio levels.
Decibels describe the loudness of the sound.
Decibels measure sound intensity at any particular frequency.
Decibels measure the relative loudness of sounds.
All decidable languages are recognizable, by definition.
Deciduous aralias prefer moist locations.
Deciduous azaleas are easier to grow than the evergreen types.
Deciduous azaleas require special techniques to root.
Some deciduous bushes become evergreen in hot countries.
Some deciduous conifers adapt to environments.
Some deciduous conifers adapt to extreme environments.
Deciduous ferns have fronds.
Deciduous ferns have green fronds.
Deciduous ferns have light green fronds.
Deciduous ferns reach height.
Most deciduous ferns have fronds.
Most deciduous ferns have green fronds.
Most deciduous ferns have light green fronds.
Most deciduous ferns reach height.
Deciduous forest encloses the road and large glacier-deposited boulders scatter beneath the trees.
Deciduous forest occurs both north and south of the Prairie Peninsula.
Deciduous forest occurs both north, south, and east of the Prairie Peninsula.
Deciduous forests are broken up into five zones.
Deciduous forests are forests.
Deciduous forests are found in the eastern part of North America and the middle of Europe.
Deciduous forests are found in the eastern part of the United States and large areas of Europe.
Deciduous forests are second in the rainiest biome next to a rainforest.
Deciduous forests can now grow in the long summer months, hybernating in winter.
Deciduous forests contain primarily trees which lose their leaves in the winter.
Deciduous forests contain trees that shed their leaves.
Deciduous forests have a moderate climate.
Deciduous forests have four distinct seasons.
Deciduous forests have four seasons, spring, summer, fall, and winter.
Deciduous forests have the most elaborate structure, as described above.
Deciduous forests have warm summers and cold winters.
Deciduous forests receive more rain and less snow than coniferous forests.
Deciduous forests start around the border between the northeastern United States and Canada.
Some deciduous forests are mined for minerals such as coal and oil.
Deciduous grasses can bring valuable fall color to the garden.
Deciduous growth is restricted to a few isolated patches mostly on the south shore.
A deciduous holly is a holly
Deciduous hollies provide abundant fruits in winter.
Deciduous hybrids are best in colder areas.
Deciduous leaves have lower surfaces.
Deciduous leaves have surfaces.
Deciduous leaves begin to change color.
Most deciduous leaves have lower surfaces.
Most deciduous leaves have surfaces.
Deciduous magnolias are stars of the early spring show and catch the eye of many visitors.
Many deciduous magnolias bloom extremely early in spring.
Deciduous molars perform functions.
Most deciduous molars perform functions.
A deciduous plant is a tracheophyte
Deciduous plants are dormant during the cold season or the dry season depending on climate.
Deciduous plants are the main plants present in cold deserts.
Deciduous plants are vascular plants.
Deciduous plants are woody plants.
Deciduous plants block views only in spring and summer while they're leafed out.
Deciduous plants lose leaves.
Deciduous plants lose their leaves in autumn by forming an abscission zone at the base of the leaf.
Deciduous plants parade their colorful attire as the process of photosynthesis slows down.
Deciduous plants reach height.
Deciduous plants retain needles.
Deciduous plants shed their leaves annually to conserve water.
Most deciduous plants lose leaves.
Most deciduous plants lose their leaves in autumn.
Most deciduous plants reach height.
Most deciduous plants retain needles.
Most deciduous seeds require animals for dispersion, which generally avoid such large open areas.
Deciduous shrubs are excellent additions to the garden.
Deciduous shrubs offer effective summer cover for nesting and escape from predators.
Deciduous shrubs offer effective summer cover for nesting and escaping predators.
Deciduous shrubs provide a seasonal change of interest in the landscape.
Many deciduous shrubs have the ability to produce new shoots or suckers at their base.
Some deciduous shrubs have colored barks which are especially delightful in winter.
Some deciduous shrubs produce bright flowers.
Some deciduous shrubs produce bright yellow flowers.
Some deciduous shrubs produce flowers.
Some deciduous shrubs produce yellow flowers.
Deciduous species dominate in the east and conifers in the west.
Many deciduous species respond well to bare-root harvesting.
A deciduous tooth is a tooth
Deciduous teeth are soft and can develop sharp edges quickly.
Deciduous teeth begin to be replaced from three weeks until approximately four months of age.
Deciduous teeth consist of incisors.
Deciduous teeth consist of lower incisors.
Deciduous teeth consist of third incisors.
Deciduous teeth start to form during the embryo phase of pregnancy.
Most deciduous teeth are replaced with permanent teeth.
Most deciduous teeth consist of incisors.
Most deciduous teeth consist of lower incisors.
Most deciduous teeth consist of third incisors.
Deciduous trees are a bit of a different story.
Deciduous trees are also useful to shade the edges of riverbanks.
Deciduous trees are bare and fallen leaves begin to decay.
Deciduous trees are more susceptible than evergreens.
Deciduous trees are most effective on the east, west, and south sides of the house.
Deciduous trees are native only to the Northern Hemisphere.
Deciduous trees are the broadleaf trees that loose their leaves in the fall.
Deciduous trees are trees that lose their leaves annually.
Deciduous trees are trees that lose their leaves in the winter.
Deciduous trees are trees that shed their leaves anually.
Deciduous trees are trees with leaves rather than pine needles, and they dominate temperate forests.
Deciduous trees are trees.
Deciduous trees are usually better for shading, because their canopies are broad and dense.
Deciduous trees bear leaves.
Deciduous trees become more common and coniferous trees decline.
Deciduous trees belong to genus.
Deciduous trees belong to taxonomic genus.
Deciduous trees can help in every season.
Deciduous trees change color in the winter time.
Deciduous trees conserve the most energy, since they shed their leaves to let in winter sunlight.
Deciduous trees depend on their leaves for food production.
Deciduous trees depict a perfect lifecycle every year.
Deciduous trees drop their leaves in the fall and grow new ones in the spring.
Deciduous trees exhibit a wide range of vulnerability to ice.
Deciduous trees generally have leaves.
Deciduous trees grow leaves again during the lengthening days of spring.
Deciduous trees grow to medium size.
Deciduous trees grow to size.
Deciduous trees grow up to feet.
Deciduous trees have bark.
Deciduous trees have broad leaves, which are used to collect sunlight and generate energy.
Deciduous trees have broad leaves.
Deciduous trees have dormant buds along their branches and trunk.
Deciduous trees have gray bark.
Deciduous trees have leaves.
Deciduous trees have values.
Deciduous trees leaf out and create shade.
Deciduous trees let the sun in during the winter and provide shade during the summer.
Deciduous trees look lacey in spring, with newly green leafs, and are very graphical in off-season.
Deciduous trees loose their leaves each year.
Deciduous trees loose their leaves in fall, while coniferous or cone-bearing trees are evergreen.
Deciduous trees loose their leaves.
Deciduous trees lose all of their leaves for part of the year.
Deciduous trees lose dead leaves.
Deciduous trees lose leaves.
Deciduous trees lose nutrients whenever they lose their leaves.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in fall.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in the fall, and grow new ones in the spring.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in the winter and allow sun to heat the home.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves in winter and allow the sun to warm houses.
Deciduous trees offer different colors and landscaping effects through the vaious seasons.
Deciduous trees produce little shade in early spring.
Deciduous trees produce reaction wood on the uphill side of the tree.
Deciduous trees produce true flowers.
Deciduous trees provide food and homes for birds, squirrels, and insects.
Deciduous trees provide less wind protection during the winter months.
Deciduous trees range in height.
Deciduous trees reach height.
Deciduous trees reach size.
Deciduous trees rot and crumble faster than the conifers do.
Deciduous trees shade in the summer and let in sunlight in the winter.
Deciduous trees shed leaves.
Deciduous trees shed their leaves due to changes in climate.
Deciduous trees shed their leaves each year.
Deciduous trees shed their leaves in winter.
Many deciduous trees have cloud-like shapes maturity.
More deciduous trees are in Eastern Washington.
Most deciduous trees are hardwoods with broad leaves which are shed in the fall.
Most deciduous trees bear leaves.
Most deciduous trees belong to genus.
Most deciduous trees belong to taxonomic genus.
Most deciduous trees can survive a moderate degree of defoliation.
Most deciduous trees grow to medium size.
Most deciduous trees grow to size.
Most deciduous trees grow up to feet.
Most deciduous trees handle snow well once the canopies grow above the snow drift elevations.
Most deciduous trees have bark.
Most deciduous trees have broad leaves.
Most deciduous trees have gray bark.
Most deciduous trees have leaves.
Most deciduous trees have values.
Most deciduous trees lose dead leaves.
Most deciduous trees lose leaves.
Most deciduous trees range in height.
Most deciduous trees reach height.
Most deciduous trees reach size.
Most deciduous trees shed leaves.
Most deciduous trees shed their leaves, once the leaves are brown and dry.
Some deciduous trees belong to families.
Some deciduous trees belong to pea families.
Some deciduous trees occur, like quaking aspen, willow, and birch, but minor.
Some deciduous trees offer warmth.
Some deciduous trees produce seeds.
Some deciduous trees reach feet.
Deciduous types are the hardiest, while evergreen varieties thrive in warmer regions.
Some deciduous types have good fall color.
Deciduous varieties develop colorful fall foliage.
Deciduous varieties have softer leaves.
Deciduous vines grow in the front of the house to soften outside noise and absorb pollution.
Deciduous vines have roots.
Deciduous vines lose their leaves in winter allowing the sun's heat to strike the building.
Most deciduous vines have roots.
Deciduous woodland is a typical breeding and hunting habitat for the Eurasian sparrowhawk.
Deciduous woodlands provide breed habitats.
Deciduous woodlands provide conditions.
Deciduous woodlands provide habitats.
Most deciduous woodlands provide breed habitats.
Most deciduous woodlands provide conditions.
Most deciduous woodlands provide habitats.
A decile is a score
Deciles are power and career indicators.
Decimal answers are generally acceptable unless specifically forbidden by the question.
Decimal birthdays are culturally neutral.
Decimal currency is introduced.
Decimal currency is used in the United States and the currency units are dollars and cents.
Decimal degrees are the decimal representation of fractions of degrees.
All decimal figures is rounded up.
Decimal notation is itself a shorthand notation for the representation of numbers.
Decimal notation is mathematical notation
Decimal notation is mathematical notation.
Decimal notation is the key to our doing arithmetic easily.
Decimal notation varies from country to country.
Decimal numbers appear normally.
Decimal numbers make it easy to work with fractional amounts.
Decimal numbers require a point as a decimal separator.
Decimal numbers take up less space than binary numbers .
Any decimal number is a legal input value.
Any decimal number is a legal value.
Decimal places is the number of digits following the decimal point.
A decimal point is mathematical notation
Decimal point can be a comma to accommodate 'decimal point is comma' possibility.
Decimal point has to bused.
Decimal points are always one place too far to the left.
Decimal points are mathematical notation.
Decimal pricing is another.
Decimal tabs are for aligning the decimal points of numbers, instead of their edges.
Decimal tabs are useful when aligning a column of numbers to be totalled.
Decimal trading has advantages.
Decimal Trading Is Here Many listed securities now trade in dollars and cents.
Decimal values are acceptable.
A decimal is a fraction
Decimals Adding decimals is just like adding any other numbers.
Decimals are easier to add, subtract, multiply and divide.
Decimals Are Easy.
Decimals are formed by marking off a ruler in ten equal parts.
Decimals are numbers.
Decimals are possible for fractions of day .
Decimals are possible for fractions of day.
Decimals are possible for fractions of hour .
Decimals are possible for fractions of hour.
Decimals are possible for fractions of minute or second .
Decimals are possible for fractions of minute or second.
Decimals are preferred to fractions.
Decimals are really a form of fractions.
Decimals are the subject of the day in math.
Decimals are the way to go, hopefully without damaging the whole thing.
Decimals are very good for many reasons.
Decimals do more than make the math easier.
Decimals handicap the teaching of arithmetic and so inhibit understanding of the physical world.
Decimals have a point.
Decimals is the number of decimal places in the result.
Decimals make a point.
Decimals teaches how to add subtract multiply and divide using decimals.
Decimals teaches how to add, subtract, multiply and divide using decimals.
Some decimals are finite or are considered as such because of their use.
Decimalization affects nearly every area of the securities industry.
Decimalization allows securities to trade at increments as small as a penny.
Decimalization also brings the United States into conformity with international practices.
Decimalization is an action
Decimalization is one example of trend that is limiting the profit potential for professionals.
Decimalization means smaller price change increments, which means more parties can afford to trade.
Decimation is an active process with measurable results.
Decimation is destruction
Decimation is destruction.
Decimation is the elimination of data points from a data set.
Decimation is the process of breaking down something into it's constituent parts.
Decio offices are the last redoubt of the smoker.
Decision analysis can help provide an overall view.
Decision analysis deals with how one solves a complex problem in a structured and rational way.
Decision analysis focuses specifically on making decisions under uncertainty.
Decision analysis is a systematic approach to decision making under conditions of uncertainty.
Decision analysis is an iterative process that consists of four basic steps.
Decision analysis is normative and describes how clinicians ought to make judgements and decision.
Decision analysis is one such tool.
Decision analysis is the normative field of decision making.
Decision analysis is used as the basic methodology in the aids.
Decision analysis is utilized to evaluate the global treatment costs associated with each therapy.
Decision analysis means time saved, a vital benefit.
Decision analysis provides criteria for method development.
Decision analysis provides systematic methods of dealing with the difficulties and complexities.
Decision lists are a simple form of decision tree.
A decision maker is a head
Decision maker receives information about feasible goals and objective trade-offs among criteria.
Decision makers are makers.
Decision makers are more comfortable hiring someone they have a connection with.
Decision makers are rational when they attempt to maximize the net benefits of their actions.
Decision makers are skittish about passing out information at the outset of the relationship.
Decision makers are to be found at all levels of the organization.
Decision makers can explore and understand corporate data faster and more easily.
Decision makers can get a clear understanding of the data on which their decisions are based.
Decision makers can then devise mitigation strategies and exploit the potential benefits.
Decision makers can then see the answer.
Decision makers consider development.
Decision makers consider sustainable development.
Decision makers consider the barest information from the fewest sources to make decisions.
Decision makers deepen their understanding of the situation and plans until the time for action.
Decision makers do consider flexibility.
Decision makers exhibit a 'heuristic of availability'.
Decision makers expect sophisticated, quantified analysis displayed clearly using charts and graphs.
Decision makers expect to be swayed by powerful scientific arguments.
Decision makers find themselves facing software and hardware incompatibilities many a time.
Decision makers focus attention.
Decision makers get only indirect feedback about the results of the decision.
Decision makers get others to make decisions.
Decision makers get the big picture.
Decision makers have a difficult task in determining how to spend the limited resources.
Decision makers have a lot more voices to hear.
Decision makers have expertise and access to information necessary.
Decision makers have no way of knowing how likely the terrorists are to carry out their threat.
Decision makers judge the relative importance of the decision variables.
Decision makers know all the consequences , and case take the best pick .
Decision makers know all the consequences, and case take the best pick.
Decision makers lack expertise or information necessary.
Decision makers maintain control of the projects by controlling the budget.
Decision makers map out a plan for a successful future.
Decision makers require quality health data for program development and policy-making activities.
Decision makers review and use public comments.
Decision makers steer away from strategic planning because it requires too much change.
Decision makers take control of a fictitious company, playing out the roles they fill in real life.
Decision makers tend to intermix solutions with problems.
Decision makers to identify parameters.
Decision makers value their time.
All decision makers are accountable to the public for their actions.
All decision makers rely on information as the basis for making informed business decisions.
Most decision makers consider development.
Most decision makers consider sustainable development.
Most decision makers focus attention.
Most decision makers satisfice the decision.
Some decision makers can have confidence.
Some decision makers deal with climates.
Some decision makers develop policy.
Some decision makers help forecasters.
Some decision makers make decisions.
Some decision makers represent nations.
Decision modeling includes decision making under both risk and uncertainty.
Decision points are especially important.
Decision points are where the process branches.
Many decision problems require a combination of technologies to provide a satisfactory solution.
Decision rules are suboptimal in case of imperfect forecasts.
Decision rules are suboptimal, being based on heuristics.
Some decision rules reduce cost.
Some decision rules reduce transaction cost.
Decision science is also widely used in the public sector.
Decision support can only function when the clinical database exists.
Decision support is more than ad-hoc querying and reporting tools.
Decision support is provided through comparing alternate systems and management strategies.
Decision support is the short answer.
Decision support needs to be plugged in as well.
Decision support needs to evolve from a necessary evil to a partnering activity.
A decision table is artificial language
Decision Table needs more rows than just the header.
Decision tables organize rules into cohesive rule sets wherein complex logic is clarified.
Decision tables provide the basic framework for the proposed knowledge representation model.
Decision theory can apply to conditions of certainty, risk, or uncertainty .
Decision theory is concerned with decision making under conditions of risk and uncertainty.
Decision theory is the study of decision making in the presence of uncertainty.
Decision theory is used to select the next tutorial action.
Decision theory meets artificial intelligence - qualitative and quantitative approaches .
Decision theory uses mathematics and logic to analyse decision-making.
Decision Tools See an online breast cancer patient decision support tool.
Decision trees are a widely used method to classify objects due to their features.
Decision trees are useful for analyzing sequential decision problems under uncertainty.
Decision trees are useful.
Decision trees can assist executives in making strategic decisions.
Decision trees can be useful anytime.
Decision trees highlight the sequence of decisions and uncertainties faced.
Decision trees identify cloud cover and fractional snow-covered area.
Decision trees represent a set of rules.
A decision is a selection
Decision also supports the ADEX trading and clearing systems.
Decision appears a whitewash.
Decision are of a self once jump online casino check.
Decision awaits receipt of item analysis from test scoring service.
Decision belongs to the winners.
Decision Contains documents that led up to the decision to use the atomic bomb.
Decision creates an opportunity for something to happen.
Decision delayed is success deferred.
Decision descend across whatever pocket whether fight quicktime downloads.
Decision directs Million among little products around many event.
Decision first appears and develops in the heart and grows firmer and stronger as a feeling.
Decision gives of few alfa laval.
Decision has to be made based on the argumentation and data presented.
Decision hasten beside many stream as boast cheerleading sneakers.
Decision hasten beside many stream as boast discouint dunlop.
Decision hasten beside many stream as boast discount baseball bat.
Decision here settles nothing save the merits or demerits of the conduct of the respective parties.
Decision ignores the importance of faculty .
Decision is a beautiful bay with huge eyes, dished face and four white socks.
Decision is a cutting-off, a castration.
Decision is a group matter.
Decision is a much-abused word.
Decision is a solution chosen from among alternatives.
Decision is based on a portfolio of prints submitted by students for evaluation.
Decision is based on fact, belief, values and goals.
Decision is based on past experience combined with some field measurements.
Decision is based on recommendation by a majority of the regular, full time department faculty.
Decision is binding and final.
Decision is binding unless the parties have agreed in advance to an appellate procedure.
Decision is by a simple majority.
Decision is called for.
Decision is honored by spouse, children etc.
Decision is in the selection and formulation of alternatives.
Decision is issued.
Decision is made and letter mailed to parents with admission results.
Decision is made by secret ballot with two-thirds majority required for removal.
Decision is made by simple majority.
Decision is made if more information is required.
Decision is made to introduce a technology-class.
Decision is made to proceed with composition, usually confirmed by photographs.
Decision is made.
Decision is mailed to student concerning program acceptance.
Decision is needed.
Decision is pending.
Decision is predicated on what is useful to others outside the originating organization.
Decision is seen as a blow to chief.
Decision is stated, but no supporting evidence from the analysis is provided.
Decision is tabled until later in meeting.
Decision is taken by democratic majority.
Decision is taken to support Internet development in Africa.
Decision is the action, like releasing of a trigger.
Decision is the antecedent for itself.
Decision is the best weapon against procrastination.
Decision is the mastery of procrastination.
Decision is the secret of happiness in religion.
Decision is the virtue of the hour.
Decision is to be taken by email voting based upon the review result.
Decision is torment for anyone with imagination.
Decision is unusually dependent upon facts and circs of prior cases.
Decision is up to the players.
Decision isa judgment.
Decision latencies for phonological and semantic information in object identification.
Decision leave wording as it is, no footnote to be added.
Decision made by umpire is questioned by manager.
Decision makes focus possible, and focus makes decision easier.
Decision making - It is time to find better ways to make important decisions.
Decision making about risk is a difficult thing to do.
Decision making about technology purchases no longer happens at the teachers' level.
Decision making Arguments about how best to reach decisions are fundamental to anarchism.
Decision making at the end of life is difficult and unlikely to get easier.
Decision making at the middle school is shared among administrators, teachers and parents.
Decision making at the school level is a key component of Kentucky's education reform system.
Decision making at the working level is a shared responsibility.
Decision making at the working level is a shared responsibly.
Decision making by consensus is a significant characteristic of Japanese society.
Decision making by hospitals and government is studied.
Decision making by nature involves risk, and poor data certainly increase that risk level.
Decision Making Carries out duties and responsibilities with limited supervision.
Decision Making Carries out routine duties and responsibilities with supervision.
Decision Making Draw a line down the middle of a blank piece of paper.
Decision making for events is more a matter of reducing the uncertainty of a course of actions.
Decision making for land use includes reconciling supply and demand for ecosystem services.
Decision making for teens is almost an impossible task.
Decision making from the perspective of institutional, as well as individual investors, is examined.
Decision making in all fields of endeavour is affected.
Decision making in all fields of endevour is affected.
Decision making in any communal entity is fraught with tensions and stresses.
Decision making in Germany for TV projects is relatively fast.
Decision making in most aspects of life is made by the men.
Decision making in our fast-paced, technological societies demands information.
Decision making in the firm is studied under different market structures.
Decision making in Washington is very diffuse and can be influenced by a host of forces.
Decision making involves a process of deciding what is important and worthwhile.
Decision making involves information on past and future effects of various management scenarios.
Decision making involving all citizens is time-consuming.
Decision making leading up to the treatment is, however, a matter for the adult parties involved.
Decision Making Making good decisions at all levels is key to the success of the project.
Decision Making Obtain all pertinent information.
Decision making often involves more people, more politics, and more bureaucracy.
Decision making on most matters is shared, and top-down decisions are rare.
Decision making power always resides with the participants in mediation.
Decision making process in development of a promotional program is emphasized.
Decision making process includes both general process structures and specific tools to be utilized.
Decision making process is democratic in nature.
Decision making process takes too much time and money Unrealistic agreement terms.
Decision making regarding surgical approach is based on the anatomical location of the tumor.
Decision making requires knowledge and expertise.
Decision Making Seek advice from professionals and other experts.
Decision making through consensus is indispensable for the governance of the multi-ethnic polity.
Decision making today is the direct result of grassroots lobbying.
Decision making under the influence of the mountain is sometimes difficult.
Decision making under uncertainty is a challenge faced by many decision makers.
Decision making under uncertainty is a notoriously difficult problem.
Decision making under uncertainty is hard on everyone.
Decision making within a realistic setting of the financial world is emphasized.
Decision means determination.
Decision nears on home for monster fed building.
Decision needs to be made about re-typing recent changes from printouts or restoring from backups.
Decision needs to be made soon.
Decision needs to be made whether to build disposable or permanent wind tunnels.
Decision notices Decision notices.
Decision pending To add additional events, please contact the webmaster .
Decision points along the chain, including the people responsible for the decisions.
Decision re an urgent hearing on consultation issues Broadcasting Policy Claim.
Decision reads around many bone unless climb frederick douglass.
Decision reads around many bone unless climb hobbit.
Decision rendered anew notwithstanding the finality of the original one is null and void.
Decision requires faith.
Decision rests with the government.
Decision rests with the school board.
Decision results from airline company.
Decision s arising from the meeting are available on the web site the day after the meeting.
Decision See discussion.
Decision sublates judgment in moving the subject toward action.
Decision think opposite most wives however stir easton baseball gloves for kids.
Decisions affect ability.
Decisions affect activities.
Decisions affect biodiversity.
Decisions affect children.
Decisions affect companies conducting mining operations in the state.
Decisions affect individuals and businesses applying for licenses or other services.
Decisions affect life.
Decisions affect many children.
Decisions affect more than the present.
Decisions affect success.
Decisions affect the ability of subordinates to effectively and efficiently perform their jobs.
Decisions affect the agency's proper and effective treatment of individuals in their care.
Decisions affect the quality of health care to inmates in institutions throughout the state.
Decisions affect the social, physical, and economic well-being of claimants.
Decisions affect the well-being and safety of the traveling public.
Decisions affect ultimate success.
Decisions affecting education have a direct impact on tomorrow's prosperity.
Decisions affecting governance of the Internet are of immediate concern to all businesses.
Decisions affecting home, family, and security have financial implications.
Decisions appear in order of issue.
Decisions appear to be brewing here which look pretty murky.
Decisions are a combination of negotiation, compromise, and agreement.
Decisions are a function of consensus.
Decisions are a part of life, and buying has always been a matter of caveat emptor.
Decisions are a part of life.
Decisions are a result of collaboration between the staff and community.
Decisions are admittedly subject and all decisions are final.
Decisions are also smarter.
Decisions are an inevitable part of everyday living.
Decisions are available beginning with vol.
Decisions are available in full text.
Decisions are available in various formats and the site provides a sophisticated search facility.
Decisions are available on the web site the day after the meeting.
Decisions are binding and precedential.
Decisions are binding to addressee for the specific issue.
Decisions are by consensus.
Decisions are by majority rule and require a quorum of members in good standing.
Decisions are by majority rule.
Decisions are choices and choices are displaced alternatives.
Decisions are choices.
Decisions are choices.
Decisions are closer to customers, and they are more in charge.
Decisions are collaborative, with equal consideration given to each member's ideas.
Decisions are commitments to action.
Decisions are community-focused.
Decisions are consistent and trackable.
Decisions are consistently sound and reflect careful consideration.
Decisions are controversial.
Decisions are data-driven and carefully communicated to all stakeholders.
Decisions are difficult because of the uncertainty of consumer or market behavior.
Decisions are difficult.
Decisions are downloadable in Word format.
Decisions are easier when goals are defined.
Decisions are easy, and rewards are immediate.
Decisions are effective immediately, and students are notified by their representative.
Decisions are either right on or dead wrong.
Decisions are far more difficult and more costly.
Decisions are faster in a smaller group.
Decisions are final and are subject to review by a court only on a very limited basis.
Decisions are final and binding in all respects.
Decisions are final and binding.
Decisions are final the day of the race.
Decisions are final upon submission of the speed ballot.
Decisions are final.
Decisions are Final.
Decisions are full-text and indexed by keyword, but can be slow to search.
Decisions are generally to be implemented within a short time and then become obsolete.
Decisions are group decisions through informal, intimate and fluid relationships.
Decisions are hard but sooner or later everyone agrees on the perfect tree.
Decisions are imminent.
Decisions are in chronological order.
Decisions are in many political assemblies decided by coalisions among the parties.
Decisions are individual and personal things.
Decisions are irrevocable during the plan year unless there is a change in family status.
Decisions are irrevocable.
Decisions are judgment.
Decisions are just an e-mail away, with no pesky deadlines and multiple copies.
Decisions are legally binding and are published.
Decisions are legally binding.
Decisions are less complicated.
Decisions are like music.
Decisions are limited to levels within a classification series as specified by the division.
Decisions are made by consensus, so there can be no ruling faction.
Decisions are made by individuals and by society on issues relating to science and technology.
Decisions are made by local managers and grant sizes vary.
Decisions are made in solitude.
Decisions are made on the local level, rather than by a remote authority.
Decisions are many.
Decisions are mere reflections of experiences yet to come.
Decisions are more driven by data than they've ever been.
Decisions are more likely to be made on economic bases, and less on bureaucratic or political.
Decisions are more likely to stick when they follow intensive consideration.
Decisions are much easier to make because people have found new purpose and meaning.
Decisions are never final until voted on publicly, after public input, questions, and discussion.
Decisions are objective.
Decisions are often a function of time and budget.
Decisions are often problematic, while problems require one to make decisions of some kind.
Decisions are often products of excessive compromise and minority domination.
Decisions are often repetitive or similar in nature.
Decisions are oftentimes already made, even though input is welcome.
Decisions are on a consensus basis.
Decisions are only as good as the information upon which they are based.
Decisions are painful.
Decisions are pending.
Decisions are play.
Decisions are pragmatic ones involving alternative risk reward choices on financial merit.
Decisions are products of a dialogue between computer and user.
Decisions are prompt, clearly explained and logical.
Decisions are prompt.
Decisions are properly and more easily taken in each integrated area.
Decisions are quick and final, but have no precedential value.
Decisions are ready-made.
Decisions are results.
Decisions are searchable by keyword.
Decisions are slow, agreements are slow.
Decisions are sometimes tough.
Decisions are spontaneous, unpredictable proclamations by the leader.
Decisions are still several months away.
Decisions are still to be made and the issue is quite complex.
Decisions are take democratically.
Decisions are taken, direction is given.
Decisions are temporary.
Decisions are the context for our choices.
Decisions are the mere selection of courses of action.
Decisions are the point at which principles are converted into actions.
Decisions are the product of human beings thinking.
Decisions are the same.
Decisions are the Valium of meetings.
Decisions are to be made by the incoming newly elected officials.
Decisions are to be made by the majority of the elected members present and voting.
Decisions are to be made for the good of the entire university.
Decisions are to be made voluntarily by the parties themselves.
Decisions are to be of their very own personal nature.
Decisions are to be reached as a whole, with debate moderated by a council order dagger elders.
Decisions are to be reached following full debate by the entire membership.
Decisions are to be rendered in a timely manner.
Decisions are to be taken by a majority of the votes of the members present or represented.
Decisions are to be taken by a simple majority of votes cast.
Decisions are to be taken by majority vote.
Decisions are to be taken in joint meetings with the majority of attendants.
Decisions are to little supply therefore cry telecom.
Decisions are too important to be left to chance.
Decisions are too important to leave to chance.
Decisions are too important, to leave to chance.
Decisions are tough, but the meetings and the camaraderie are definitely fun.
Decisions are unanimous unless otherwise indicated.
Decisions are usually best taken at the local level, so planning is normally a matter for councils.
Decisions are usually within limits prescribed by established policies or the supervisor.
Decisions arising from the meeting are available on the web site the day after the meeting.
Decisions arising out of such meetings are valid and binding.
Decisions balance the requirements of both clinicians and managers.
Decisions base on assumptions.
Decisions base on awareness.
Decisions base on conditions.
Decisions base on different values.
Decisions base on environments.
Decisions base on evidence.
Decisions base on facts.
Decisions base on guidelines.
Decisions base on incomplete information.
Decisions base on information.
Decisions base on science.
Decisions base on values.
Decisions base on weather information.
Decisions based on age alone are clearly inappropriate.
Decisions based on data or information are the responsibility of the individual.
Decisions based on emotions are very dangerous to any country.
Decisions based on fear and imagination are generally bad ones.
Decisions based on incorrect data can at times be disastrous.
Decisions based on knowledge have to be made.
Decisions based on personal bias are dishonest and unacceptable.
Decisions based on rules that are shot through with exceptions lose their legitimacy.
Decisions based on sound logic and favorable percentages blow up for Oates on a regular basis.
Decisions based on understanding are usually wise.
Decisions based upon subjective factors are inherently suspect.
Decisions Be willing to make decisions.
Decisions become desperate.
Decisions become easier if one swims observantly in the river of time.
Decisions become easier to make and progress becomes accelerated.
Decisions become increasingly irreversible as the migration progresses in time.
Decisions become irrational.
Decisions become more difficult.
Decisions begin during the fall and continue until enrollment goals have been met.
Decisions begin the process of turning what is into what can be .
Decisions can appear only once in the Tree Table Decision column.
Decisions can be borderline.
Decisions can be difficult.
Decisions can be final and binding.
Decisions can directly impact public safety.
Decisions can have impact.
Decisions can hinge on learning and teaching styles, work habits and developmental growth.
Decisions can involve fewer or more than two options.
Decisions can range from paying bills to closing on real estate to making investments.
Decisions can take up to a month so start early.
Decisions choose among alternatives using Boolean values.
Decisions come from real-life situations, and the book gets larger every year.
Decisions come from the bottom up here.
Decisions come in pairs.
Decisions come naturally to INTJs' once a decision is made, INTJs are at rest.
Decisions come slowly.
Decisions come up about education and health care.
Decisions come very easily.
Decisions complain above whatever boot likewise produces optics.
Decisions concern rules.
Decisions concerning children are never easy.
Decisions concerning cremation, just like any other burial choice, are hard decisions.
Decisions concerning financial assistance are the responsibility of the department head.
Decisions concerning hormone replacement therapy represent major concerns for postmenopausal women.
Decisions concerning paper selection, seal color and embossment are critical.
Decisions concerning the choice of technology to use can be very confusing .
Decisions concerning which courses to list are to be made by departments.
Decisions consider between an waggon instead sending metropole hotel in london.
Decisions consider between an waggon instead sending miami airport.
Decisions consider between an waggon instead sending morocco.
Decisions considered include product pricing, make or buy, and capital budgeting.
Decisions considered include product pricing, transfer pricing, make of buy, and capital budgeting.
Decisions considered include product pricing, transfer pricing, make or buy, and capital budgeting.
Decisions contain hypertext links to precedent setting decisions.
Decisions continue on a rolling system of admission.
Decisions Continue the current third year curriculum structure and reevaluate in one year.
Decisions control customer experience, profitability, and business growth.
Decisions costing millions, outcomes to be nothing more than status-quo, repetition.
Decisions cover the entire range of school activities that impinge on science teaching.
Decisions define aspects.
Decisions depend on resources.
Decisions depend on values.
Decisions depend on what the victim was doing and who the victim is.
Decisions destroy Day along idea between an capetown before declare off some soup.
Decisions determine destiny.
Decisions determine the course of our lives.
Decisions directly affect the agency s mission.
Decisions DO make an enormous difference in our lives.
Decisions dread among an side hence command scandal in bohemia.
Decisions effect the efficient use of time, money and resources.
Decisions effect the expenditure of large amounts of state and federal funds.
Decisions emanate from a select few.
Decisions emerge as a result of bargaining and negotiation.
Decisions emerge in an environment of innovation, commitment, and shared ownership.
Decisions extend doctrine of state sovereignty.
Decisions extend to automation and computerisation, job security and employee stress.
Decisions focus our attention.
Decisions follow criminal trials.
Decisions follow recommendations.
Decisions follow trials.
Decisions generally come with their own built-in timetables.
Decisions go out on a rolling basis as evaluations are completed.
Decisions have a serious and long-range effect on the financial condition of the agency.
Decisions have consequences and send signals.
Decisions have consequences.
Decisions have consequences.
Decisions have cost.
Decisions have effects.
Decisions have force.
Decisions have greater legitimacy if residents are involved.
Decisions have little effects.
Decisions have power.
Decisions have problems.
Decisions have serious impact upon the cultivation of potential agency supporters.
Decisions have to be almost instantaneous.
Decisions have to be approved by a majority before becoming effective.
Decisions have to be based on clear criteria, have to be transparent, credible and predictable.
Decisions have to be made about the criteria used to look for mutations.
Decisions have to be made and resources found.
Decisions have to be made and syntax has to be created.
Decisions have to be made and the decisions and reasons have to be clearly communicated.
Decisions have to be made and they have been.
Decisions have to be made at a rather rapid pace.
Decisions have to be made by experts.
Decisions have to be made in an instant and they have to be the right decisions.
Decisions have to be made on a dime and there is often no room for consensus.
Decisions have to be made on all sorts of apparently conflicting items of land planning.
Decisions have to be made right away.
Decisions have to be made so much quicker.
Decisions have to be made.
Decisions have to be quoted verbatim.
Decisions have yet to be made about spill.
Decisions have yet to be made on specific implementation details.
Decisions have yet to be made regarding administrative structure and location.
Decisions help bridge the gap between an idea and reality.
Decisions Help participants think about consequences for decisions they make.
Decisions here are by vote.
Decisions here can be subjective.
Decisions here have a significant impact on the results.
Decisions impact all associates, multiple teams, or the company as a whole.
Decisions impact cost.
Decisions impact life.
Decisions impact on success of assigned projects i.e. results, deadlines and budget.
Decisions impact the safety of the public.
Decisions imply the power and freedom to change the future.
Decisions imposing financial obligations are enforceable by the national courts.
Decisions improve behind whatever infield rake.
Decisions include harvest regulations.
Decisions include regulations.
Decisions include set harvest regulations.
Decisions influence the ability of subordinates to effectively and efficiently perform their jobs.
Decisions involve a thought process.
Decisions involve making choices from among a few clearly recognizable alternatives.
Decisions involve many factors, personal as well as medical.
Decisions involving fair use are never easy, even for judges.
Decisions involving procreative choice are serious decisions.
Decisions involving procreative choice are serious ones.
Decisions involving suspensions in excess of ten days are subject to judicial review.
Decisions involving the environment are no exception.
Decisions involving the use of photographs are among the most difficult that editors face.
Decisions lead to selections.
Decisions lead to solutions.
Decisions link things by logical impersonal constructs.
Decisions lurk at every corner, and life seems to be spinning out of control.
Decisions made by a manager or supervisor for the organization have very significant implications.
Decisions made by government entities have a profound effect on patient care.
Decisions made by implementers can have detrimental effects on the success of an algorithm.
Decisions made by individuals can impact the global supply of many resources.
Decisions made by local government officials can have an enormous impact on French Creek.
Decisions made by our elected state representatives and senators impact every resident of Colorado.
Decisions made by park district or forest preserve boards impact an entire community.
Decisions made by persons holding proxy form are final.
Decisions made by producers often depend on technical, economic, and environmental considerations.
Decisions made by race officials and judges are final.
Decisions made by someone in one branch of the system affect children being served by other areas.
Decisions made by the admissions committees are final.
Decisions made by the appeal agent are final.
Decisions made by the attorney in fact are binding on the principal .
Decisions made by the attorney in fact are binding on the principal.
Decisions made by the committee are final.
Decisions made by the committee are non-negotiable.
Decisions made by the course coordinators are final.
Decisions made by the federal government can hurt or help a local economy.
Decisions made by the IT department can prove a legacy or a liberation.
Decisions made by the judges and the Show Chairmen are final.
Decisions made by the membership committee are final.
Decisions made by the on-air host are final.
Decisions made by the publisher are final.
Decisions made by the regional officers are final.
Decisions made by the review committee are final.
Decisions made by the school system often have an impact on transportation.
Decisions made by women and men to cope with labour shortages function in the short term.
Decisions made during surgery, quite literally, can mean the difference between life and death.
Decisions made here create ripples around the globe.
Decisions made in anticipation of a closing can be costly.
Decisions made in fear are usually the wrong decisions and lead to lousy consequences.
Decisions made in Frankfurt have their impact on a regional, national and even international scale.
Decisions made in high school have a direct bearing on the future.
Decisions made in ignorance can have devastating effects that linger for decades.
Decisions made in other parts of the world impact our nation.
Decisions made in review are final.
Decisions made in the heat of passion are always bad.
Decisions made in the heat of the moment, when passions run high, often result in bad law.
Decisions made in Washington have a real impact on music in our schools.
Decisions made on local levels and with appropriate timing are most effective.
Decisions made under fire look different in hindsight.
Decisions made under pressure of time have a greater chance of being poor decisions.
Decisions make improvement.
Decisions making is in many cases delegated downwards.
Decisions means alternatives.
Decisions need analyses.
Decisions need approval.
Decisions need detail analyses.
Decisions never have to be fought for, only worked for.
Decisions normally take at least two weeks.
Decisions ought to be uniform, whether had in the federal courts, or the state courts.
Decisions permit conditional flow of processes based on pre-determined outcome options.
Decisions punish between either college although worry head racquetball.
Decisions recommended by any appeal process are advisory only to the instructor involved.
Decisions refer to the strategic actions of key political and economic actors.
Decisions reflect continuous adaptation with the purpose kept relevant to the environment.
Decisions regarding adopting a rescue dog are entirely the responsibility of the parties involved. .
Decisions regarding adopting a rescue dog are entirely the responsibility of the parties involved.
Decisions regarding an award of attorney fees are subject to the abuse of discretion standard.
Decisions regarding audio compression, bit size, and sampling frequency, are necessary.
Decisions regarding budget priorities are the central decisions of any organization.
Decisions regarding change in the institution, structural or fiscal, lie with upper administration.
Decisions regarding childbearing in women with disabilities are personal and can be complex.
Decisions regarding deployability are still a commander s responsibility.
Decisions regarding employee status on the plan come from the employee's vice-president.
Decisions regarding existing or prospective physical resources calls for joint effort.
Decisions regarding expulsion require a majority.
Decisions regarding fertlilizing, watering, pruning and pest control are critical to the landscape.
Decisions regarding flights have serious impact on the well being of passengers.
Decisions regarding implementation dates and milestones have yet to be made.
Decisions regarding initiating treatment also vary with the risk group.
Decisions regarding interdependent relationships involve a variety of complex factors.
Decisions regarding marriage can really be rough.
Decisions regarding materials procurement are therefore risky.
Decisions regarding one's health can be among the most difficult an individual faces.
Decisions regarding personnel are always very difficult.
Decisions regarding planting of cotton in Missouri can impact the crop for the entire season.
Decisions regarding property require the consensus of all the women present.
Decisions regarding retirement can be both emotional and complex.
Decisions regarding school dismissal or further actions are the prerogative of the superintendent.
Decisions regarding the credibility of witnesses are to be made by the trier of fact.
Decisions regarding the tuition discount are at the discretion of the institution.
Decisions regarding the use and choice of antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy are complex.
Decisions regarding treatment are difficult when the patient still has useful vision.
Decisions regarding treatment are very stressful for most parents.
Decisions regarding what needs to be done generally involve choosing among established alternatives.
Decisions regarding what needs to be done include choices among established alternatives.
Decisions regarding witness testimony are matters of trial strategy.
Decisions relate to authority.
Decisions relate to development.
Decisions relate to issues.
Decisions relate to life experiences and influences through family and friends.
Decisions relate to technology.
Decisions related to marketing are important.
Decisions rely too little on comprehensive and systematic evaluation of documented research.
Decisions remain on the website for two months.
Decisions remain to be made about the oversight group s mission, duration and membership.
Decisions rendered by an arbitrator or judge usually involve a winning party and a losing party.
Decisions require a motion, a second and a vote.
Decisions require community participation.
Decisions require expert knowledge to manage the complexity of technology.
Decisions require explanations .
Decisions require full community participation.
Decisions require full participation.
Decisions require information.
Decisions require participation.
Decisions require the application of educational expertise and technical competency.
Decisions resolving issues of California law often are landmark rulings of far-reaching import.
Decisions rest on the ability to predict behavior and judge character.
Decisions resulting from such appeals to a senior officer are final.
Decisions seem to be based upon a particular group or person's desires rather than the needs of all.
Decisions seem to be made only for the immediate moment.
Decisions seize whatever labor with one stolen orvis canvas sneaker.
Decisions sending out an waggon instead send memphis crowne plaza.
Decisions sending out an waggon instead send mercure hotel paris.
Decisions sending out an waggon instead send modigliani hotel paris.
Decisions show only the tip of the iceberg.
Decisions sigh about either buffalo bills football.
Decisions simply point individuals in a certain direction.
Decisions start below few yard and visit pitcher.
Decisions start below few yard and visit tray table.
Decisions start below few yard and visit wooden step stool.
Decisions still have to be taken in Canada on whether and how to proceed to a disposal solution.
Decisions support choices.
Decisions support healthful choices.
Decisions support purposes.
Decisions supported by sound science are much more likely to be accepted by the user groups.
Decisions surrounding music, movies and television are among the most important.
Decisions surrounding the titles of their health conference are yet to be made.
Decisions take one step followed by another.
Decisions take place against a background where consequences ramify.
Decisions take too long where an immediate response is required.
Decisions taken at the company level can have a significant impact.
Decisions taken by adults, can leave children scarred.
Decisions taken by the general assembly are valid whatever be the number of participants.
Decisions taken within one agency on maritime issues typically have impacts on other agencies.
Decisions tend to be judged solely on the results they produce.
Decisions tend to be made by congregational consensus and group consultation.
Decisions tend to be made by consensus.
Decisions tend to get made much faster, i.e., there is much less procrastination.
Decisions therefore have to be based on the regional model or an earlier run of the global model.
Decisions tries to have up to date information and make it available in a more convenient form.
Decisions turn at whatever silk pullover.
Decisions vary from good to downright awful.
Decisions visit till few yard and switch pitcher.
Decisions always involve two or more aspects.
Decisions often have to be made in the face of sudden opportunities and short deadlines.
Decisions often hinge on what the merchant plans to sell and the size of the development budget.
Decisions often mean major consequences.
Decisions sometimes make themselves.
Decisions usually accompany orders.
Decisions usually involve change.
Decisions usually take from two days to two weeks.
All decision are final.
All decision making within the club is decided by the members elected executive committee.
All decisions are at the discretion of the instructor.
All decisions are available to the public upon request.
All decisions are binding.
All decisions are by consensus.
All decisions are by majority vote of a quorum, which is five members.
All decisions are by majority vote.
All decisions are connected to each other - one bad decision can lead to a fatal accident.
All decisions are data driven.
All decisions are decisive.
All decisions are environmental decisions.
All decisions are ethical.
All decisions are final .
All Decisions are Final .
All decisions are final and based on production needs.
All decisions are final and binding.
All decisions are final and non-contestable.
All decisions are final and non-negotiable.
All decisions are final and the process is confidential.
All decisions are final and there is no appeal process.
All decisions are final unless the resident files suit in civil court.
All decisions are final with no appeal procedures available.
All decisions are final.
All Decisions are final.
All decisions are health decisions.
All decisions are important.
All decisions are irrevocable.
All decisions are non-binding precedents.
All decisions are non-reversible and final.
All decisions are open to question.
All decisions are open to review by the members.
All decisions are personal.
All decisions are purely subjective, and are final.
All decisions are released on a rolling basis, however, early application is encouraged.
All decisions are reviewable, if disputed.
All decisions are revocable as well.
All decisions are subject to funding availability.
All decisions are subject to review by the president and executive vice president.
All decisions are the responsibility of the hearing officer.
All decisions are voted on by the people.
All decisions are, of necessity, a trade off.
All decisions based on test scores and interpretations of data analyses are subject to error.
All decisions concerning the type, content, and value of exams rest with the professor.
All decisions depend on a pre-existing scale of values.
All decisions depend on the use of our resources and our nations resources.
All decisions explain how to file an appeal.
All decisions feel important.
All decisions have consequences.
All decisions have to be made in a climate of uncertainty.
All decisions have to be made on data.
All decisions made by management are final.
All decisions made by paradisepoker management are final.
All decisions made by school leaders impact on student learning and the school or district culture.
All decisions made by the administrators or their designees are final.
All decisions made by the award panel are final.
All decisions made by the barbecue director are final.
All decisions made by the co-directors are final .
All decisions made by the committee are final .
All decisions made by the committee are final.
All decisions made by the committee are subject to due process.
All decisions made by the design team are subject to review by the WebDAV mailing list.
All decisions made by the judge are final.
All decisions made by the judges are final and binding.
All decisions made by the judges are final.
All decisions made by the old regime are subject to review.
All decisions made by the organizing committee are final.
All decisions made by the referees are final.
All decisions made by the registration committee are final.
All decisions made by the selection committee are final.
All decisions made by The Ship's Store Crew is final.
All decisions now become emotional in nature, rather than logical and strategized.
All decisions regarding assignments to buses and stops is at the sole discretion of the District.
All decisions regarding bids and the awarding of prizes are final.
All decisions regarding eligibility are at the discretion of the company.
All decisions regarding specific business activities rest with the corporation's management.
All decisions related to the winners are final and binding.
All decisions relating to the mass movements of animals and humans are political decisions.
All decisions require courage.
All decisions shown as under appeal are subject to change.
Any decision has to be taken by the people via a referendum or a snap election.
Any decision involving a medical judgment is appealable.
Any decision involving drugs is an important decision.
Any decision is a finality.
Any decision is better than no decision.
Any decision is only as good as the information on which it is based.
Any decision made by the committee is binding on the dealer.
Any decision made by the organizing committee is final.
Any decision made by the poor is more important.
Any decision making process has a preferential element.
Any decision requires to be taken without 'any' self interest.
Any decision takes effect immediately.
Any decisions are probably two months away at the earliest.
Any decisions made are subject to review at a subsequent meeting with a quorum.
Any decisions reached by the board have major implications for the local government employers.
Every decision brings results.
Every decision counts.
Every decision has a cost.
Every decision has a good and a bad, everything is compromised, as in life.
Every decision has a price tag.
Every decision has an opportunity cost.
Every decision has at least one associated trade-off.
Every decision has consequences.
Every decision has costs and benefits.
Every decision has costs.
Every decision has repercussions.
Every decision has to be balanced by the three circles of threats.
Every decision has to be evaluated with the big picture in mind.
Every decision has to be just right.
Every decision has to be ratified by each individual government.
Every decision has to be right on the money.
Every decision involves risk.
Every decision involves some risk.
Every decision is a choice.
Every decision is a joint one.
Every decision is a moral dilemma.
Every decision is a response to a situation like what is the problem, situation or the issue.
Every decision is a risk and with practice, decision-making does get easier.
Every decision is a strategic decision for a technology startup.
Every decision is an everyday decision.
Every decision is based on information, dialogue and reaching consensus.
Every decision is debated.
Every decision is dissected.
Every decision is documented in the case file that the counselor keeps on each client.
Every decision is driven by unique, finite facts.
Every decision is headnoted and the headnotes are collected in Digest volumes.
Every decision is intended to fix a problem.
Every decision is key due to sheer volume.
Every decision is liberating, even if it leads to disaster.
Every decision is like surgery.
Every decision is made by every person within the system.
Every decision is made from a mixture of motivations.
Every decision is made in another human being's best interest.
Every decision is made in exactly the same way.
Every decision is made on an individual basis in an individual and specific situation.
Every decision is made on the basis of dollars and cents.
Every decision is monumental.
Every decision is more complicated.
Every decision is open to discussion.
Every decision is put out to vote by team members via email.
Every decision is thoughtfully and carefully considered.
Every decision is ultimately a business decision because it affects the business.
Every decision is unbiased, objective, and always in the client's best interest.
Every decision is valueladen.
Every decision leads to a unique result.
Every decision made by a counter is reviewed by a Democratic and Republican observer.
Every decision made by a manager has a resource implication.
Every decision made by a manager is based on information.
Every decision made by any manager is based on information.
Every decision made during the arduous campaign is rethought and then refought in memory.
Every decision made for one aspect has to then be considered in light of the other.
Every decision made in life is based on some authority.
Every decision made in racing is done for one reason to win.
Every decision making process produces a final choice .
Every decision making process produces a final choice.
Every decision regarding a new store is tied to the volume question.
Every decision regarding a particular diagnostic procedure incurs an opportunity cost.
Every decision regarding medical treatments involves weighing costs against benefits.
Every decision requires a lot of discussion to reach some form of agreement.
Every decision restricts the opportunity for other decisions.
Every decision revolves around the style, color and fabric of the new couch.
Many decisions are joint decisions.
Many decisions are now technology decisions.
Many decisions are political as to what can be supported by the legislature.
Many decisions are reversible only on appeal.
Many decisions are stock market driven.
Many decisions are temporary and meet seemingly insignificant wants and needs.
Many decisions are yet to be made.
Many decisions go into the paste-up process.
Many decisions have rule of thumb guidelines and deciding whether to buy or upgrade is no different.
Many decisions have to be made when a lesbian couple decides to have a child.
Many decisions have to be made when choosing a web site designer.
Many decisions involve scientific information, ethical considerations, and economic consequences.
Many decisions involve trade-offs between immediate outcomes and more delayed outcomes.
Many decisions involve trading money now for money in the future.
Many decisions lead to a dead end.
Many decisions require the support of both spatial and temporal data.
Many decisions taken at the top are the the results of backdoor.
Most decision making in environmental policy today is based on the economic cost-benefit argument.
Most decisions affect ability.
Most decisions affect activities.
Most decisions affect biodiversity.
Most decisions affect children.
Most decisions affect life.
Most decisions affect many children.
Most decisions affect success.
Most decisions affect ultimate success.
Most decisions appear online well before being published in the law reports.
Most decisions are obvious given enough information and time.
Most decisions are somewhere in between.
Most decisions can have impact.
Most decisions define aspects.
Most decisions depend on resources.
Most decisions depend on values.
Most decisions follow criminal trials.
Most decisions follow recommendations.
Most decisions follow trials.
Most decisions have consequences.
Most decisions have effects.
Most decisions have little effects.
Most decisions have problems.
Most decisions have pros and cons.
Most decisions impact life.
Most decisions involve accepting one or more compromises, which economists term trade-offs .
Most decisions involve some Thinking and some Feeling.
Most decisions involving natural resources management use some sort of hydro- meteorologic forecast.
Most decisions lead to action, and action to some kind of consequence or result.
Most decisions lead to selections.
Most decisions lead to solutions.
Most decisions made also involve economic, social, and political factors.
Most decisions made by a dairy manager are a matter of judgment or a choice between alternatives.
Most decisions make improvement.
Most decisions means alternatives.
Most decisions relate to authority.
Most decisions relate to development.
Most decisions relate to issues.
Most decisions relate to technology.
Most decisions require a simple majority of members present.
Most decisions require choices among competing values.
Most decisions require collecting pertinent information.
Most decisions require community participation.
Most decisions require full community participation.
Most decisions require full participation.
Most decisions require information.
Most decisions require participation.
Most decisions require the collection of pertinent information.
Most decisions seem to have already been made.
Most decisions support choices.
Most decisions support healthful choices.
Most decisions taken in Brussels, regardless of sector, affect everyday life in Britain.
Some decisions affect babies.
Some decisions affect communities.
Some decisions affect descents.
Some decisions affect entire communities.
Some decisions affect patients.
Some decisions affect quality.
Some decisions affect status.
Some decisions affect structures.
Some decisions appear to be morally neutral, matters of taste.
Some decisions are available in browsable and pdf format.
Some decisions are clear-cut.
Some decisions are critical.
Some decisions are easier than others.
Some decisions are easy and others are tough.
Some decisions are easy because some principles explicitly address a particular application.
Some decisions are easy to make.
Some decisions are easy, some are more difficult.
Some decisions are easy, such as deciding when to schedule appointments.
Some decisions are easy, while others have no apparent satisfactory solutions.
Some decisions are easy.
Some decisions are for violence.
Some decisions are frivolous, but others can change the course of our lives.
Some decisions are harder than others.
Some decisions are important to the business and are likely to trigger family involvement.
Some decisions are important to the business but evoke little or no family involvement.
Some decisions are irreversible.
Some decisions are just plain easy.
Some decisions are more complicated than they seem.
Some decisions are more difficult.
Some decisions are more important than others.
Some decisions are permanent.
Some decisions are purely strategic.
Some decisions are right for some people at certain times and wise choices require thought.
Some decisions are routine.
Some decisions are so obvious, that the individual really has no choice.
Some decisions are straightforward.
Some decisions are taken by the mayor .
Some decisions are taken by the mayor.
Some decisions are to be regarded as persuasive rather than strictly binding.
Some decisions are ultimately so meaningless.
Some decisions are very hard to make.
Some decisions are wrong, and some are right.
Some decisions can be and have proven disastrous.
Some decisions can be difficult.
Some decisions change on an hourly basis.
Some decisions create problems.
Some decisions create trouble.
Some decisions deal with destruction.
Some decisions depend on availability.
Some decisions depend on severity.
Some decisions depend upon assessments.
Some decisions ensure survival.
Some decisions exacerbate tension.
Some decisions faced by public officeholders and employees are difficult.
Some decisions focus on education.
Some decisions focus on public education.
Some decisions have a stronger ethical component than others.
Some decisions have beet sugar.
Some decisions have impact.
Some decisions have inspectors.
Some decisions have lasting impact.
Some decisions have links to other decisions.
Some decisions have profound impact.
Some decisions have sugar.
Some decisions have to be deferred until the results of the current academic year are available.
Some decisions have to be made by the manager, with consultation.
Some decisions have to made over and over again.
Some decisions help business.
Some decisions help children.
Some decisions involve applications.
Some decisions involve cases.
Some decisions involve judgment.
Some decisions involve life.
Some decisions involve science.
Some decisions involve scientific judgment.
Some decisions involve storage.
Some decisions lead to reductions.
Some decisions make skills.
Some decisions offer the opportunity to adopt a particular type of alternative called an option .
Some decisions play major roles.
Some decisions play roles.
Some decisions recognize rights.
Some decisions regarding specific syndromes are potentially controversial.
Some decisions relate to biodiversity.
Some decisions relate to business.
Some decisions relate to designs.
Some decisions relate to leaf removals.
Some decisions relate to necessity.
Some decisions relate to protection.
Some decisions relate to removals.
Some decisions relate to sustainable build designs.
Some decisions relate to sustainable designs.
Some decisions require a majority of all members.
Some decisions require assessments.
Some decisions require consideration.
Some decisions require immense calculations.
Some decisions require services.
Some decisions seem themselves to be marginal.
Some decisions seem unimportant but are important.
Some decisions stick.
Some decisions take longer.
Some decisions take more soul searching.
Some decisions watch the balance between safety and competition.
Decisional capacity is specific to each patient and to each medical decision.
Decisional law is a major component of the law.
Decisive action is needed now to prevent further catastrophes and human suffering.
Decisive action is needed now to protect human health.
Decisive action is needed now.
Decisive action is needed to end the spiral, but no sign of it is on the horizon.
Decisive action is required for passing the torch of faith.
Decisive action is required to ensure the sustainability of the fisheries sector.
Decisive action is well overdue.
Decisive behavior is required combined with the ability to build consensus among team members.
Decisive combat is possible without defeating the enemy force in detail.
A decisive factor is determinant
Decisive factors are excellent lighting conditions, colour design, wood and furniture selection.
Some decisive factors affect growth.
Decisive force ends war quickly and in the long run saves lives.
Decisive force ends wars quickly and in the long run saves lives.
Decisive improvements are possible without a measurable decrease in our quality of life.
Decisive issues are educational requirements, task involved, accomplishments and rewards.
Decisive leadership becomes critical.
Decisive leadership is needed.
Decisive leadership is never incompatible with genuine consultation.
Decisive officers make timely and resolute decisions.
Decisive people are valuable people because they get things done.
Decisive victories require risking a loss.
Deck access is furnished to commuting students.
Deck access is via a sliding door to starboard.
A deck chair is a chair
Deck chairs are available.
Deck chairs are scarce as are towels.
Deck chairs offer another vantage for taking in the ocean views.
Deck guns deliver larger amounts of water than hand-held hose.
Deck hands do a lot of general purpose work around the ship.
Deck lid is mounted and most of the lights are installed, just to wired.
All deck lids are extremely sturdy, but built of lightweight, reinforced aluminum.
Deck officers are responsible for the navigation of the ship and loading and unloading of cargo.
Deck officers operate ships and other vessels and supervise deck crew activities.
Deck officers use the number of turns to measure the ship's speed and distance travelled.
Deck parking is free for the first two hours.
A deck is a platform
Deck are white with grey non-skid.
Deck back is a starfield, non-symmetrical.
Deck comes with instructions for a few tricks.
Deck comes with instructions for six tricks.
Deck drops between beams of existing single deep pallet rack.
Deck entries only if lanes are available.
Deck goes to level treed backyard.
Deck hangar with a winch for transportation of helicopters to and from platform.
Deck hatches made of aluminum plate and frame with rubber seal and locking lugs.
Deck isa platform.
Deck isa structure.
Deck join as seen from inside.
Deck ladders down to the sea and deck showers to get the salt off come in really handy.
Deck overlooks lake.
Deck overlooks lush tropical mountain and waterfall vistas.
Deck overlooks marina.
Deck overlooks Still Creek.
Deck plan the diagram of cabins and public rooms located on the ship.
Deck rigging is standard front and rear with molded-in shockcord padeyes.
Deck safty, deck general, rules of the road, and navigation.
DECK see structure.
Deck winches .
Deck wraps around the front of unit overlooking the lake.
Decks also offer normal-speed dubbing for higher fidelity.
Decks also present an opportunity to use green building products.
Decks are a common issue.
Decks are acceptable.
Decks are adjacent to transit stops.
Decks are complete.
Decks are discouraged and front porches preferred.
Decks are great but do require maintenance.
Decks are hard to keep looking new.
Decks are in top condition, requiring little maintenance if any throughout the season.
Decks are interchangeable with wire racks.
Decks are located in backyards.
Decks are located in boats.
Decks are more attractive and functional than a set of stairs and they create a small seating area.
Decks are natural laid spruce, with mahogany covering boards.
Decks are never to be attached to brick veneer.
Decks are packets.
Decks are part of ships.
Decks are phenomenally popular in the United States.
Decks are platforms.
Decks are plum.
Decks are porchs.
Decks are standard balsa core.
Decks are still popular, too.
Decks are teak over plywood with teak cabin sides, coamings and bulwarks.
Decks are teak overlay.
Decks are teak.
Decks are white painted aluminum.
Decks become slippery when wet - use caution.
Decks can stand free or attach to the house.
Decks can testresponse rates, new copy, artwork, products, prices, and combinations ofoffers.
Decks can warp if too many pots reside on railings.
Decks contain adequate space for walking and ocean viewing.
Decks continue to look beautiful and uniform even after many years.
Decks expand our house size at lower cost.
Decks go down relatively quickly.
Decks have (part) bases.
Decks have (part) sections.
Decks have levels.
Decks have traffic areas where the paint is kept closer to fresh by the wear from the crew's shoes.
Decks have views of the pool or a wooded hillside.
Decks independently float fore and aft, as well as left and right.
Decks look extra-sharp with the edges coated as well as the surfaces.
Decks make a home homier as a gathering place to extend family life outdoors.
Decks offer space to enjoy the view or drop a fishing line.
Decks offer space to relax and enjoy the view or even drop a fishing line.
Decks offer views of the trees and mountains.
Decks perfect for small weddings.
Decks provide a flexible way to organize, view, and store large numbers of documents.
Decks range from old wood carved ink representations to modern realistic new age decks.
Decks represent a transition from the house to the outdoors.
Decks snap and the pope has a funny hat.
Decks surround nearly all the home and inside a walkway peers over the entry and living room.
Decks surround pools.
Decks surround the house and the many sliding glass doors.
Decks surround three sides of house.
Decks take a tremendous beating.
Decks utilize an end grain balsa core for added strength and rigidity.
Decks wrap around the huge lodge, facing up a formidable mountain with sweeping green trails.
All decks alert.
All decks are accessible, but there are limited handholds for entering the cockpit.
All decks are available for private parties and tour groups.
All decks are in the original box, new and unopened.
All decks are secure and spacious.
All decks have heat and air conditioning.
All decks have lounge chairs and coffee tables, some feature hammocks or swings.
All decks lead to the hot tub.
All decks remain active and ready for browsing, and multiple links can be traversed concurrently.
All decks suspended above the ground require a building permit.
Any deck can look great when it's new, but rain, sun and snow can quickly take their toll.
Any deck can use that, no matter what colors it is.
Any deck is shuffled by a spectator.
Any deck requires a building permit.
Every deck comes with instructions for several classic card tricks.
Every deck features a different animal on each card.
Every deck has different patterns too so it is worthwhile buying more than one deck.
Every deck has important cards.
Every deck has their own tone and it is always crystal clear.
Every deck is packaged in a black satin pouch with either gold or silver foil stamp emblems.
Every deck sports a hot tub.
Many decks stop at four colors.
More decks Move it or lose it, bub.
Most decks apply the bias to the record head.
Most decks are a sandwich of fiberglass, balsa wood, and fiberglass.
Most decks are made with six to nine-plywood layers .
Most decks are made with six to nine-plywood layers.
Most decks contain actual postcards, which recipients return to request the free enticement.
Most decks have levels.
Most decks surround pools.
Most decks tend to build up a defense against each strategy.
Some decks add additional firepower in the form of X spells or Earthquakes.
Some decks are part of bungalows.
Some decks are part of castles.
Some decks are part of convents.
Some decks are part of cottages.
Some decks are part of dairies.
Some decks are part of farmhouses.
Some decks are part of farms.
Some decks are part of houses.
Some decks are part of manors.
Some decks are part of monasteries.
Some decks are part of palaces.
Some decks are part of ranches.
Some decks consist of boxes.
Some decks consist of cards.
Some decks consist of plastic boxes.
Some decks contain stumps.
Some decks get dirtier faster than others.
Some decks made from maple plywood are dyed to make many different colored plywood .
Some decks made from maple plywood are dyed to make many different colored plywood.
A decker is an artifact
Decker buys growth stocks but insists on low prices relative to strong free cash flows.
Decker enjoys using all of the talent the university has to offer.
Decker epitomizes the carefree attitude of the Lancers.
Decker explains with a laugh.
Decker is a flawed man, prone to temper outbursts and pigheadedness.
Decker is a self-employed educational consultant.
Decker is a transfer from Missouri with a soft shooting touch.
Decker is also Salish.
Decker is firmly committed to the concept of a member-driven union.
Decker is responsible for business development for the information services unit.
Decker is the lead investigator in a series of grisly show girl murders.
Decker is the literary man who reads day in and day out.
Decker laughs about that.
Decker leads the team with five assists.
Decker loads all utils to start with.
Decker quickly finds the culprit in a synagogue desecration, which leads to three murders.
Decker specializes in financial, retirement and estate planning and asset management.
Decker takes over the duties formerly handled by the executive director.
Decker welcomes all levels of experience.
Deckers are artifacts.
Decker often travels with the festival, especially for the European and West Coast runs.
A deckhand is a seaman
Deckhands also steer the ship and measure the water depth in shallow water.
Deckhands are responsible for general labor and cleaning on the boat.
Most decking products specify a high grade plywood as an underlayment.
A deckle is a framework
Deckle is the natural finish left by the frame on handmade paper.
Declarations of faith are good, and sometimes people have to be igged.
Declarations of principle are, more commonly, expressions of shared ideals.
Declarations of war are intimations less to powers than to their subjects.
A declaration is a statement
Declaration associates a type and an identifier with a variable.
Declaration becomes part of medical records.
Declaration Blocks A declaration block is an unbroken sequence of declarations.
Declaration Declares a variable or method valid in the page scripting language.
Declaration Declares a variable or method valid in the scripting language used in the page.
Declaration is formal recognition of a conservation threat.
Declaration is invalid.
Declaration is valid for one semester only.
Declaration votes Votes that are sealed in an envelope signed by the voter.
Declarations apply if the associated selector matches the element in question.
Declarations apply if the selector matches the element in question.
Declarations are a provision of the Biological Weapons Convention.
Declarations are forms that provide advice to the compiler.
Declarations are from a file of glued-together documents.
Declarations are statements.
Declarations are testimony.
Declarations associated with a class definition belongs to a class scope.
Declarations can be impressive, but new neighborhoods are more impressive.
Declarations can have a fair number of keywords.
Declarations can have normal weight or important weight.
Declarations consist of a property and a value .
Declarations consist of properties and values .
Declarations define things such as ordinary values, datatypes, type classes, and fixity information.
Declarations have standard lexical scope.
Declarations Let's review the syntax for XML namespaces.
Declarations show declarant's name, place of previous citizenship, oath, date, and clerks signature.
Declarations take effect only when they are executed.
Declarations When declaring a global function in a header file, use an explicit extern.
Declarations sometimes come in two parts.
All declarations are subject to inspection with a five year proscription period.
All declarations are to be typewritten.
All declarations contain a definition for a view of an entity.
All declarations have an environment of the same name.
Every declaration has an environment of the same name.
Most declarations allow the board to recover attorneys fees in the enforcement action.
Most declarations associate an identifier with a declared entity.
Some declarations come with subblocks which collect relevant properties of the declared concepts.
Declarative actions provide a good level of abstraction for functional modelling .
Declarative clauses are ambiguous between propositions and facts.
Declarative constraints are an integral part of the language.
Declarative formats have well-known advantages over scripting languages.
Declarative interface separates the interface from the implementation.
Declarative knowledge addresses concepts.
Declarative knowledge includes sequence and timing constraints and performance requirements.
Declarative knowledge is a set of facts organised to permit reasoning.
Declarative knowledge is akin to awareness.
Declarative knowledge is assumed to be easy to obtain, and skill acquisition difficult to acquire.
Declarative knowledge is factual or conceptual knowledge.
Declarative knowledge is that which is declared, expressed, or communicated.
All declarative knowledge is in the form of concepts.
Declarative languages can help here too.
Declarative languages emphasize the statement of the problem.
Declarative memory involves facts, while procedural memory involves perceptual-motor processes.
Declarative memory involves the hippocampus, while procedural memory involves the cerebellum more.
Declarative memory is available to consciousness.
Declarative memory is long-term memory in which facts and numbers are stored.
Declarative memory is memory for facts.
Declarative memory is memory THAT something is the case.
Declarative memory is the ability to remember names, faces, telephone numbers, or important events.
Declarative memory is the memory of facts.
Declarative models emphasize analogies and discovery-type instruction.
Declarative programmers do it productively.
Declarative programming is supported by both functional and logic languages.
A declarative sentence is a sentence
Declarative sentences make statements and end with periods.
Declarative transactions free the programmer from explicitly demarcating transactions.
A declarative is modality
Declaratives specify procedures to be executed only when certain conditions occur.
Declared majors can make an appointment with their faculty adviser to discuss problems.
Declared majors go to the chair of the appropriate department.
Declared nets can take many different formats and styles.
Declared pests place a large burden on the community in the form of control costs.
Declassifed documents are available at the Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room .
Declassification appears the most significant bone of contention.
Declassification involves the removal of any security classification on an item.
Declassification is a reduction
Declassification is an indispensable component of a rational information security program.
Declassification is decrease.
Declassification is labor-intensive and requires special training.
Declassification winnows out information that no longer requires protection.
Declassified photos show ships lining up near the refinery.
Declawed cats are defenseless.
Declawed cats are more likely to bite when they feel scared or threatened.
Declawed cats have no alternative except to bite.
Declawed cats require special care immediately after the surgery.
Many declawed cats begin to hemorrhage when the bandages are removed, which can require rebandaging.
Declension class is an arbitrary class to which all but a handful of nouns belong.
A declension is a decline
Declension is defined as the angular distance north or south of the celestial equator.
Declensions are as for nouns.
Declensional patterns are different among three types of noun.
A declination is a refusal
A declination is acknowledgement
Declination changes with the date and is independent of the location.
Declination increases from zero with latitude away from the equator.
Declination is a celestial latitude.
Declination is a lot like latitude, only for things in space.
Declination is analogous to latitude and is measured as north or south of the celestial equator.
Declination is analogous to latitude.
Declination is analogous to terrestrial latitude.
Declination is another matter.
Declination is another term for celestial latitude.
Declination is depicted by the red line in the figure to the right.
Declination is driven by tangent arm.
Declination is either positive or negative depending on the time of year.
Declination is expressed as an angle with respect to the celestial equator.
Declination is fairly regular, predictable, and easy to correct.
Declination is greater in locations farther away from the equator.
Declination is independent of the observer's location.
Declination is just a bit more difficult.
Declination is just like latitude.
Declination is like Earth's latitude .
Declination is like latitude.
Declination is measured from the celestial equator.
Declination is measured in degrees from the celestial equator along the hour circle to the star.
Declination is measured in degrees of arc.
Declination is measured in degrees.
Declination is measured vertically from the equator and right ascension is measure along it.
Declination is negative when west of true north.
Declination is positive for an eastward deviation of the field relative to true north.
Declination is positive if magnetic north is east of true north.
Declination is positive north of the equator and negative if south.
Declination is similar to latitude on the Earth's surface.
Declination is the angle between the true North direction and that of the compass needle.
Declination is the angle measured up from the equatorial plane, just like inclination.
Declination is the angular distance north or south of the celestial equator.
Declination is the distance, in degrees, away from the celestial equator.
Declination is the equivalent of latitude on the Earth.
Declination is the magnetic declination at the specified latitude and longitude.
Declination is very much like latitude on the Earth.
Declination is what's on either side of that path, eg, north or south, or right or left.
Declination Remove the eight flat head screws in the outside holes.
Declinations are acknowledgment.
Declinations are refusals.
A decline is a physical process
Declines are a familiar refrain in Southwest Virginia.
Declines are albums.
Declines are almost inevitable in an industry.
Declines are also popular.
Declines are conditions.
Declines are decrease.
Declines are greatest where barred owls have been present the longest.
Declines are particularly evident for soybeans, cotton, and wheat.
Declines are significant in engineering and computer and information sciences.
Declines prevail throughout North America.
Declines usually mean the trees are sick because there is a problem in the rhizosphere.
Declines usually start in the groundwater divide areas.
Any decline is from a very high level.
Any decline means less agony.
More decline is sure to follow.
Most decline is gradual.
Some declines are probably the result of natural population fluctuations.
A deco is art movement
Deco rocker electrical switches.
Decos add homier feeling The big day has finally arrived.
A decoction is an extraction
Decoction is another method, where herbs are cooked in a special pot to retain the oils.
Decoction is made by allowing it to boil some length of time.
Decoction is made by using three ounces of the root to one quart of water, and boil.
Decoction refers to boiling the beans until the flavor is released.
Decoctions are extractions.
Decoctions are much stronger medicinal teas than are infusions.
Decoctions are similar to infusions but are made from roots, barks, nuts, and seeds.
Decoctions are stronger than infusions.
Decoctions made from the bark and leaves are a gentle laxative.
Decodable Books provide additional reading practice and review.
Decodable text is essential for beginning readers.
Decodable texts are available as both blackline masters and as additional color materials.
Decoded cards are unreadable.
Decoded versions are easy to use and configure.
A decoder is a machine
Decoder delivers crisp, theatre-like sound using six discrete channels of audio.
Decoder does no longer require internal copies.
Decoder stays with the motor, just unsolder the light wires to remove.
Decoder supports fast reduced-resolution decoding.
Decoders are intellectuals.
Decoders are machines.
Decoders can be hardware or software-based.
Decoders do the opposite.
Decoders help people with a hearing loss to read the speakers' words on the television screen.
Decoders place white letters in black boxes in the bottom portion of the screen.
Decoders There are two types of decoders that can be used in the receiver.
Decoders Uses certain 'address' inputs to determine which inputs are returned as the output.
Many decoders have the sync signal on only the green component.
Some decoders are smart enough to combine several files to re-create the original image.
Some decoders refuse to play corrupt files, though others can recover the audio signal intact.
Decolonisation is a group action
Decolonisation is a two-step process.
Decolonisation is largely complete.
Decolonisation is more or less complete.
Decolonization generally means independence from the European rule.
Decolonization is a group action
Decolonization is a two-step process.
Decolonization is always successful.
Decolonization is group actions.
Decolonization is largely complete.
Decolonization is the culmination of national-liberation struggles, of whom some win and some lose.
Decolonization is the veritable creation of new men.
Decolonization supersedes simple politics.
Decommissioned routes are in italics.
Decommissioning costs are even greater.
Decommissioning funds grow slowly, and depend on compounding to amass necessary funds for clean up.
Decommodified knowledge is the most important, probably the only important knowledge.
Decomposition products are flammable.
Decomposition products are hazardous.
Decomposition products arise from decay.
Decomposition products can include carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide and water vapor.
Decomposition products can include carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and water vapor.
Decomposition products generated from molten polymer can autoignite.
Most decomposition products arise from decay.
Decomposition reaction is reaction
Decomposition reactions are always endothermic.
Many decomposition reactions occur via oxidation-reduction as illustrated below.
Most decomposition reactions are endothermic.
Some decomposition reaction requires addition.
Some decomposition reaction takes places.
Decomposition attracts beetles.
Decomposition can occur due to heat, chemical reaction, decay, etc.
Decomposition can take from six months to two years.
Decomposition can take place in two months or less.
Decomposition follows death.
Decomposition follows patterns.
Decomposition involves the breakdown of plant and animal remains into simpler components.
Decomposition involves the process of dividing a system into smaller elements or modules.
Decomposition is a chemical change in which a molecule breaks down into simpler molecules.
Decomposition is a chemical reaction where a complex compound is broken down into simpler compounds.
Decomposition is a commonly observed strategy usually in conjunction with others.
Decomposition is a critical role played by fungi and bacteria.
Decomposition is a function of both processing temperature and time at that temperature.
Decomposition is a natural and scientific process that begins immediately after death.
Decomposition is a natural process but decomposers speed up the process of decomposition.
Decomposition is a way to recycle materials.
Decomposition is also important because it is part of the global carbon cycle.
Decomposition is an essential function to ensure natural recycling of residues of life.
Decomposition is caused by factors.
Decomposition is chemical reaction.
Decomposition is decay.
Decomposition is degradations.
Decomposition is dependent on temperature.
Decomposition is effected by soil temperature and what microorganisms are present.
Decomposition is enhanced by exposure to oxygen.
Decomposition is fast because there are no corners to cool off.
Decomposition is fastest when the organisms are in water that contains dissolved oxygen.
Decomposition is important in regulating soil nutrient availability to plants.
Decomposition is inferred by difference in weight over a specified period of time.
Decomposition is influenced by tidal height, rainfall and temperature.
Decomposition is more rapid than in other conditions and the carcasses become bloated with gases.
Decomposition is nearly complete and contains much more humus.
Decomposition is one of nature's recycling methods.
Decomposition is only instable if an existing character decomposition mapping changes.
Decomposition is rapid and soils are subject to heavy leaching.
Decomposition is rapid in the tropicals because high temperatures and an abundance of moisture.
Decomposition is rapid, very little organic matter accumulates.
Decomposition is reduced when a living thing is buried quickly and cut off from an oxygen source.
Decomposition is separatings.
Decomposition is slow during the winter when it is cold.
Decomposition is slowed when waste is concentrated in one place, as in a group latrine.
Decomposition is slower in the far North than in the rest of North America.
Decomposition is so rapid on the floor that there is little accumulation of leaf litter.
Decomposition is the breakdown of a complex system into smaller, relatively independent, units.
Decomposition is the breakdown of organic molecules into inorganic molecules.
Decomposition is the natural breaking down of organic materials.
Decomposition is the point - from ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Decomposition is the process by which organic substances are broken down into much simpler matter.
Decomposition is the process of enzymes digesting food.
Decomposition is the process of rotting or the breaking down of tissue by nature.
Decomposition is undertaken to reveal the sources of welfare changes.
Decomposition is vector algebra
Decomposition is vector algebra.
Decomposition is vital to a healthy ecosystem.
Decomposition is what happens to all bodies, plant and animal, after death.
Decomposition is when substances are broken down.
Decomposition isa decay.
Decomposition needs air.
Decomposition occurs at soil surfaces.
Decomposition occurs at surfaces.
Decomposition occurs during death.
Decomposition occurs everywhere.
Decomposition occurs first by leaching and then by consumption by detritus consumers.
Decomposition occurs in layers.
Decomposition occurs in lower layers.
Decomposition occurs in nature and in controlled environments like compost bins.
Decomposition occurs in nature whenever a leaf falls to the ground or an animal dies.
Decomposition occurs in one or two basic ways.
Decomposition occurs in stages.
Decomposition occurs more rapidly in young forests than in older ones.
Decomposition occurs naturally, but it can be accelerated.
Decomposition occurs naturally.
Decomposition occurs rapidly in warm temperatures.
Decomposition occurs through the action of bacteria and fungi.
Decomposition occurs using much oxygen and other aquatic organisms also die and decompose.
Decomposition occurs very slowly in bogs.
Decomposition occurs within the unit and is said to proceed rapidly.
Decomposition produces a foul odor.
Decomposition produces a foul odour.
Decomposition produces gases.
Decomposition produces methane gases.
Decomposition provides additional benefits.
Decomposition provides benefits.
Decomposition provides feedback.
Decomposition provides many additional benefits.
Decomposition provides many benefits.
Decomposition releases carbon dioxide.
Decomposition releases carbon.
Decomposition releases dioxide.
Decomposition releases nutrients for assimilation by phytoplankton.
Decomposition releases the leaves' nutrients and adds organic material to the soil.
Decomposition requires a continuos heat source.
Decomposition requires oxygen and thus reduces the dissolved oxygen content of the water.
Decomposition requires oxygen.
Decomposition requires oxygen.
Decomposition seems highly variable depending on the type of wetland.
Decomposition stops when a pile is too dry and becomes anaerobic if too wet.
Decomposition takes longer in cold weather.
Decomposition takes one season.
Decomposition takes time.
Decomposition uses exit angles to define colors.
Decomposition uses oxygen and produces carbon dioxide instead.
Decomposition uses up much of the oxygen, producing abnormally high carbon dioxide levels.
Decomposition uses up oxygen and can cause fish kills.
Decomposition works best if some type of simple structure is used.
Decompositions identify the parts that compose objects.
